1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2583
years ago when this subject was fully discussed
in the Senate. We then appropriated $250,000—
the sum which is now given for the Atlantic coast.
Since then we have extended our operations into
the Gulf coast, and largely upon the Pacific coast,
where the expense is greater in proportion than
it is on the Atlantic.
Here I beg leave to say, that the Senator from
Virginia is very correct in assuming that the ex-
penses for the survey of the lakes have been pro-
portionate to those on the Atlantic. A sort of
equity has been attempted to be observed in that
regard, and the appropriations have always been
so apportioned as to bear a fair and reasonable
rate in comparison with each other
Neither is the gentleman warranted in saying
that this is a work which is to go on forever. It
has been going on with great rapidity for a num-
ber of years, because Congress has made liberal
appropriations, and they have been judiciously
and economically expended. 1 venture to say that
no department of this Government,or of any other
Government under the sun, has ever applied a
sum of money of no greater amount more econom-
ically, more beneficially, and more effectually,
than have the appropriations which have been
made for the coast survey, been applied by that
office.
The Senator assumes that this work is to go on
forever; but we have the calculations of the su-
perintendent of the coast survey—a man whose
sincerity and integrity have never been questioned
—calculations based upon facts, upon data about
which there is no dispute, in which he shows
that at the rate of progress they are now making,
this work will be completed in twelve years. The
Senator, perhaps, did not know that fact; never-
theless it is a fact.
I trust that the Senate will not now, in the me-
ridian of its usefulness, when the work is making
rapid progress to completion, interrupt one so es-
sential to the commercial interests of the country.
We shall, at all events, find money enough in the
Treasury for this purpose. Surely it is no objec-
tion to an appropriation for an object like this,
that the improvement of certain rivers and harbors,
not in the West only, but on the Atlantic coast as
well as in the West, have been stopped, and that
we give no money for rivers and harbors from
Maine down to Galveston. They are a different
class of objects. They do not fall within the same
rule of constitutional power. Almost everybody
admits the constitutional power of this Govern-
ment to provide for the survey and delineation of
the coastof the United States for the protection of
commerce. Many gentlemen do deny the consti-
tutionality of the other works; and perhaps it is to
that constitutional objection, more than to any-
thing else, the gentleman owes the defeat of his
favorite projects, I trust we shall not, because
some gentlemen are disappointed in the success
of favorite measures, strike down an establish-
ment like this, conducted, as it has been, honora-
bly to the science of the country, usefully to the
commercial interests, which has met the approval
of the judicious and wise of our own country, and
lias the ratification of the very highest indorse-
ments which European science can give.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not understand how
it can be constitutional to appropriate money to
the survey of the lakes, and unconstitutional to
appropriate money for the improvement of navi-
gation upon the lakes. You can appropriate
$75,000, we are told by the Senator from Mary-
land,and the Senator from Virginia, to the survey
of the lakes; there is no objection to that; and
they are giving as a reason why tilts large appio-
priation of $500,000 to the Atlantic and Pacific
coast should pass, that in some other bill $7o,000
is provided for the survey of the lakes. By what
constitutional authority, I ask?
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that the appropriation for the
survey of the lakes is expended and applied under
the authority of the engineer corps, and that is a
reason why the appropriation for the suivcy of
the lakes comes in the Army appropriation bill.
As to the constitutional question, 1 have said noth-
ing about that point, except what everybody
knows to be the fact: that some gentlemen do not
believe appropriations for the improvement of riv-
ers and harbors to be constitutional. 1 do not hold
that opinion myself, and even take pleasure in
supporting some of those objects the gentleman
has so much at heart; and if I do not do so now,
it is for reasons that are palpable to the Senate,
which influence my judgment. While I have fre-
quently supported these appropriations I have not
in every case given my vote for the objects pro-
posed. i think they have sometimes been carried
too far, and applied to objects altogether unwor-
thy of national protection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is thrown out here as
an objection to appropriations for the northern
lakes, that they will probably be voted down be-
cause they are not constitutional; that many per-
sons regard them as unconstitutional. Now, sir,
that very class of persons who regard them as
unconstitutional, it seems have no difficulty (al-
though the Senator from Maryland is not one of
them) in voting appropriations for the survey of
the Atlantic coast. For my own part, I see no
difference between voting money for the survey
of a coast and voting money for an improvement
of the harbors upon the coast, when both are for
the preservation and protection of commerce; and
especially do I see no difference between an ap-
propriation of $75,000 to survey the northern
lakes, and an appropriation of money to improve
the harbors upon those lakes. We all know that
the commerce upon the lakes is exposed to great
hazards; that millions of property are annually
destroyed for the want of safe harbors upon the
lakes; and yet gentlemen urge as an objection to
protecting those harbors, or protecting the ship-
ping upon the coast, that it is unconstitutional; j
and still cite, as an instance why they will vote
for this appropriation to survey the Atlantic coast,
that a similar appropriation is to be made in an-
other bill for the lakes.
Now, sir, it will do very well to talk in this
general way, as the Senator from Maine has done,
i about the largeness of soul and the liberality of
' making appropriations, and to belittle the oppo-
| sitton to this appropriation, as if it were narrow-
I minded and illiberal. But are we to vote money
! on such considerations, because the Senator talks
| of the largeness of soul and the nobleness of this
; pursuit in examining the sand-bars and the rocks
| in the ocean, and learning the currents of the
I ocean, and because the Senator from Maryland
tells us that it meets the appiobation of the sci-
entific world ? I apprehend, if you had no coast
; survey at an expense of moic than half a million
dollars to the Government, that then the private
' enterprise of this country would ascertain where
your harbors are on the Atlantic coast. It seems
! that this great undertaking, according to the Sen-
ator from Maryland, first commenced within a
few years. It was not until the year 1850 thatit
amounted to anything. What was the condition
of the commerce of this country before that time ?
It originated, he tells us, in Mr. Jefferson's time,
and he says that I was in great error in saying it
had gone on for fifty years; because nothing was
really done until 1850.
Mr. PEARCE. From 1830.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if I understood the
Senatorfrom Maryland correctly, nothing efficient
was done until about 1850. The commerce of
: this country was earned on before that time with
1 some hazard, doubtless, and is carried on with
some hazard now. How much safer it is to-day
i than it was before 1850, I am not prepared to
say; nor do I believe the Senator from Maine,
I who is so zealous for this appropriation, or the
Senatorfrom Maryland, can tell us. They tell
| us that these books have been published. Well,
| sir, I do not know how it may have been in
| Maryland and Maine, but I know that in the
| State of Illinois these books are of very little
j value. The chief benefit derived from them if
; any, is to make the mail contracteis earn their
money, by dragging them through the country.
: A more useless book for a great portion of this
j country was never published. The Senator from
\ Maine talks about this as an appropriation for
| the whole country. The whole country ! What
1 do you mean by the whole country? Your At-
j lantic sea-board ? Is that the whole country?
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
; to ask him a question ? Have the western States
; no sort of interest in the commerce of the Atlari-
: tic coast, and the defense of the coast? Do not
j they feel that they have an interest in it?
I Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose we do, and I
! suppose the Senatorfrom Maine and his eonstit-
1 uents have some interest in the wheat and the
bread with which we feed them. They ought to
have some interest in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We show it by our votes
in voting for his harbors; but because the Senate
struck them out, he is without scrutiny going
against us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad to have
the Senator's assistance, but because he voted for
harbor improvements, I am not therefore to be
made to vote for an appropriation of half a million
dollars to a purpose for which 1 believe it is not
needed and required by the wants of the country;
nor is the opposition to this matter put upon any
such ground. The Senator from Indiana and the
Senator from Maine intimate that the only oppo-
sition we have to this clause is because the Sen-
ate refused to vote appropriations for rivers and
harbors. I intended to move to strike out this
appropriation, if some other person did notdo so,
daysago, before I knew whetherthe Senate would
defeat the proposition to make appropriations for
the improvement of the lakes or not; and had
they voted to-night every appropriation demanded
for that object, I should have moved, if some
other person had not done so, to strike out a por-
tion of this very appropriation. One is not de-
pendent on the other at all.
If you are to go on making appropriations until
the officers engaged in this coast-survey business
tell us they have enough, I ask when the time
will come when the appropriations shall cease?
We are told by the Senator from Maryland that
twelve years will be sufficient to finish it. Why,
sir, there will be other points they can find to sur-
vey after twelve years; there will be other locali-
ties that they can examine, or they will go and
examine the old ones over again. Even the Sen-
ator from Maine will want his coast examined
again, I apprehend, by the time the dozen years
have run out, to see if, by the shifting currents of
the ocean, sand has not been deposited in some
new place; and thus the thing will go on perpet-
ually. It seems to be admitted now that a dozen
years are to be required. Well, sir, I believe we
had better begin to curtail this expense, and that
! this is a very good place to begin. I think that this
i appropriation of §250,000 for the survey of the
| Atlantic sea-board should be reduced to at least
! §100,000; and I hope that the other appropria-
tions in the bill will be reduced proportionately.
Mr. SEWARD. It is impossible forcommercc,
either domestic or foreign commerce, to be carried
on in thiacountry unless there be an accurate sur-
vey and chart of the Atlantic coast and of its bays
and tributaries, and of every point and part of it
from Maine to the Rio Grande. This is equally
true in regard to commerce on the Pacific. This
survey must bo accurate, it must be minute—so
minute that the depth of the water off the coast
for the distance of a mile, and often for many
miles, at every point, must be known, and every
variation in the depth of the water. Moreover,
every object on the coast, of any magnitude,which
may serve for a beacon by which to d irect the course
of the mariner, should be delineated with certainty
and specified in its exact position, so that the
mariner may know exactly how to enter every
port, and to avoid every reef and shoal, and how-
to manage his craft if overtaken either by a calm
or by adverse winds or by storms wheresoever he
may be. To make such surveys and to reduce
them to charts is a work of immense magnitude.
It has to be done by somebody, because the world
is interested in our commerce, and we are recip-
rocally interested in the commerce of the world.
The honorable Senatorfrom Illinois tells us that
private enterprise will do it. Private enterprise
never did it in any country, and never will; yet it
has been done heretofore with much success along
parts of our coasts, as it has been done to some
extent on every other important coast throughout
the world. The States cannot do it, and will not
do it, because deprived of the revenues derived
from commerce. Some Government must do it,
and therefore it must be the Government of this
country or some other Government. Now, the
British Government has heretofore done this work
for all the Pacific ocean, and we sail by their charts
throughout all the Pacific seas. The British Gov-
ernment has explored, and mapped, and charted
every one of its colonial possessions with the
minuteness which I have described. I myself, m
going down the St. Lawrence river through the
British territory, was able, with a chart in my
