1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
they can put down twelve hundred miles of wire
in one hundred days; but I say that if they can
do it with the amount of labor required, and the
expense incident to it, $100,000 would be a vast
sura for any such enterprise; and yet it ia pro-
posed by this bill to give this company $500,000.
But, sir, they do not pretend to say that they
can do it in less than a hundred days, and it may
take a longer time. The result may be, if you
enter into this contract, binding the Government
to expend $500,000 for the construction of this
work, that long before the telegraph can be put
into a condition to be used by the Government,
so as to be beneficial to it, the exigency for its
use will have passed by; and I think,from the in-
dications I have seen, that the Government will
have no use whatever for this work after it is com-
plete-i, if it takes a hundred days to complete it.
In consequence of the additional force which Con-
gress has given to the President to be used in
Utah, I can anticipate no other result but that if
difficulties occur in Utah, they will be ended in
less than one hundred days from this time. If
the Government sends into Utah a sufficient force
to overawe the Mormon people, as I believe it
will do—as it now has it in its power to do—and
as I have no doubt the Government is preparing
to do—then the war with Utah will end long be-
fore the expiration of one hundred days from this
time. We now understand that General John-
ston, whols in command of the Utah army, ex-
pects to be at Salt Lake in the month of June.
He will be able to march from his present en-
campment early in May, as soon as supplies
reach him, and they are already en route to him.
As soon as these supplies reach him he antici-
pates making an entiance into the valley of Salt
Lake, and he does not seem to apprehend any dif-
ficulty in suppressing the Mormon insurrection.
He appears to be confident that, even with his
present force, he will be able to quell it. But when
the reinforcements join him which the Govern-
ment has already sent, or will send in a few d;>ys
—and one or two regiments are to leave Leaven-
worth on the 20th of this month, now within a
few days—when these reinforcements reach Gen-
eral Johnston, in the early part of next month-
giving to him an available force of four or five
thousand men—there will be no earthly difficulty
in suppressing the Mormon insurrection, if an in-
surrection actually exists.
Sir, the Mormon war will be ended before this
telegraph can ever reach the Rocky Mountains,
I care not how much expedition may b® exerted
in the construction of the work. If the Govern-
ment use that energy and spirit which I tlnnk
characterize the War Department,and which Ibe-
lieve will be infused into the Army and into all the
operations of Government in relation to this war,
I have confidence' that the Mormon war will be
terminated long before this telegraph line reaches
Salt Lake; anil after the war is ended, of what
value will it be to the Government? None, sir.
And, I ask, what value will it be to the Govern-
ment even if the war continues ? You may make
telegraphic communication, but can you send
supplies or troops by telegraph ? Can you send
wagons by telegraph ? No, sir; all the supplies
will have to be taken by land, by the slow but
regular and certain process of wheels, carriages,
and men on foot and on horseback. You may
notify the army in Utah that reinforcements are
coming, that supplies are coming, and that may
possibly be cheering to the army there to learn;
but will it bring the supplies any sooner than
they would otherwise go there, whether you have
a telegraph or not? Certainly not. Of what use
will be this telegraph to the Government? It will
not expedite asingle military company; itwillnot
expedite a single wagon with supplies; it will not
produce the least effect, so far as I can under-
stand or perceive, on the progress of the war, or
its termination; and if the war be terminated, if
the strong force which will be sent into Utah
shall be sufficient to quell the insurrection, or if
Brigham Young shall change his tactics and fly to
the mountains and carry on a guerrilla war, of
what use will this telegraph line be to the United
States ? Not a particle.
My objection to the bill in the first place is,
that the amount demanded is far beyond the neces-
sary amount to defray the expenses of the work.
It is a stupendous amount to take—half a million
dollars—out of a now diminished and depleted
Treasury for the purpose of making this experi-
ment, for it is nothing more than an experiment,
at last; for whether it will end in-good, and in ser-
vice to the country, is a question about which any
man may have his doubts. The provision is that
after the Government has done with the use of the
telegraph, the very moment the Utah war is com-
pleted, then it is to be turned over to these indi-
vidual speculators, and contractors, to be kept at
their expense; and the result is that the Govern-
ment is to expend half a million of dollars to use
a telegraphic line two, three, or four months at the
furthest, and then it is to be put into the hands
and control of these private individuals, who con-
struct it for their own benefit. It is nothing more
nor less, in my opinion, than a scheme got up by
these men to get the Government to bear the ex-
pense of putting down this telegraph line for their
individual benefit. That is my idea, and that, I
think, will be the result.
If they put it upon posts, it would cost less.
This great expense is incident to putting the tel-
egraph under ground. Passing through a hostile
country of savages, exposed, as it will be, to so
many depredations and casualties, the Govern-
ment must put it under ground to make it a safe
conveyance of telegraphic information. It will
not do to expose it to the depredations of persons
who may cut it at any place within the one thou-
sand two hundred miles. Why, sir, the Govern-
ment expends two, three, or four hundred thou-
sand dollars in erecting a telegraph upon posts;
and the next day after the operators put up their
wire it may be cut down by any loafer or strag-
gler who may go along, and is disposed to be
mischievous. Doubtless, if Brigham Young in-
tends to fight the United States, and put himself
in opposition to the power of this Government,
ho will have plenty of men along the line of the
telegraph to cut the wires whenever he chooses to
stop the communication of information. In my
opinion, it is worse than an idle attempt on the
part of the Government to get telegraphic com-
munication to Salt Lake City, or to the army of
the United States operating m Utah. The result
is nothing more nor less than what 1 have stated.
Even if they put it under ground, 1 want to know
what is to prevent persons from cutting it if they
choose. You cannot conceal it. No matter where
you put it under ground, you must leave traces of
its position. If you do, it is still liable to be mo-
lested by persons who are maliciously disposed,
and who, from policy or any other consideration,
may be disposed to stop the communication.
I do not believe it will answer the purposes which
the Secretary of War and the friends of the bill
seem to anticipate from it. I believe it will be an
expenditure of the public money for individual
use, and nothing else. I cannot conceive that the
great benefits which are anticipated are to spring
from it. I do not believe the Government will
want this line. My impression is, my hope and
belief is, that, before this wire can be put down,
the Mormon war will be ended, and the exigency
which is said to call for it will have terminated;
and I am not willing to risk the expenditure of
half a million of dollars, in the present condition
of the Treasury, for the purpose of making an ex-
periment of this sort, which may or may not prove
valuable to the Government. I do not believe it
will prove at all valuable. I do not think the
Government will require it; and, not requiring it,
it is a violation of good faith to the people that
we yhould take this money out of the Treasury
to build a telegraphic line for the benefit of pri-
vate companies who may want to use their time
and labor m this way. Sir, I am opposed to the
bill in every shape in which it can be presented.
Mr. WILSON. The statement made by the
Senator from Georgia of the action of the "Mili-
tary Committee is correct. I made the statement
of the action of the committee when I reported
the bill, and precisely as he has now given it.
The committee were divided in regard to the mat-
ter. The Senator says that before this work can
bo accomplished we shall have no use for the tele-
graphic line. This may or may not be so. If we
are to have war, and a great many men in this
country anticipate difficulties with the Mormons,
running through several months, this line, ifestab-
; lished, and kept in working order, will put us ill
i direct early communication with that part of our
i country, and, in my judgment, will be of mesti-
| mable value. If such a line now existed; if we
had been connected with the army during the last
four or five months, I believe it would have been
of great service to the country, and I think w«
might have saved something by it.
This proposition, Senators say, is to give five
hundred thousand dollars for the completion or
this line. Now, sir, it simply authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to make a contract that shall not
exceed that sum. He may contract with these
parties to build a line, and the United States own
the line, or he may contract with these parties to
build the line on their own account, paying them
for the use of it. The Secretary of War, as strong-
ly as human language can express an opinion,
urges the establishment of this line. It will, if
completed,go more than half the way from the
Missouri river to California. It connects us with
Salt Lake, with the central regions of the conti-
nent, and the expenditure cannot exceed half a
million, and probably will not go beyond three or
four hundred thousand dollars.
Objection has been made that it is building &
line towards California by the central route. I
do not know that there is any objection to that.
In my judgment, Mr. President, if the Congress
of the United States seven or eight years ago had
constructed wagon roads and built a telegraphic
line to California, by the central or some other
route, something would have been accomplished
for the country; out instead of this, we have spent
seven or eight years talking about constructing a
railroad to the Pacific. You may pass the bill
we have before us to-day, but you will not build
any railroad to the Pacific at present. I believe
a Pacific railroad is a sort of necessity to the
country to connect the two parts of it together.
But, sir, if a man has studied the railroad system
of this country and knows anything about it, I
think he will come to the conclusion that you can-
not build a railroad to the Pacific for less than about
two hundred million dollars, and that it will take
you from ten to twenty years to do it, and that
when you have built such a road you could not get
one hundred capitalists in the United States who
would agree to run it for $3,000,000 annually and
all the receipts.
Sir, I hope we shall construct this telegraph line
and connect ourselves with the army. I hope the
day will not be distant when a line will be com-
pleted from there by one route to San Francisco
and by another to Oregon, and it can be done with
little expense, and so connect us by telegraph with
our possessions on the Pacific coast. I think this
is a fit time to do it, and the few hundred thou-
sand dollars that will be expended in putting us
in immediate communication with the central re-
gions of this continent, with Salt Lake, in the
present condition of the army and the condition
of affairs in this country, would be a wise ex-
penditure; and believing so, I reported the bill,
and shall vote for it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this is a bill
proposing to appropriate a large sum of money,
a very large sum, when we consider the present
condition of the Treasury—half a million dollars.
Now, sir, 1 believe that the appropriations which
it will be necessary to make, both for the uses of
the War and the Post Office Departments will be
found to be very large—larger, perhaps, than the
Senate will be willing to make; and when I re-
member this, I am unwilling to vote for anything
which proposes to take, in addition to that, on a
mere experiment, so large a sum of money as
this. It seems to me that it cannot be justified
either by a reference to the wants of the War or
the Post Office Department. We certainly should
not be justified in going to this expense for the
purpose of affording mail facilities to that coun-
try. We are already losing largely by the means
we are taking to supply them with mails. I be-
lieve that the total mail receipts there are under
one thousand five hundred dollars, and wo arc
paying seventy or eighty thousand dollars a year
to furnish them with mails. I am not willing, in
addition to that, to expend half a million dollars
to give them a telegraph, looking to it as a per-
manent matter, as a permanent source of appro-
priation. Nor, sir, do I believe it will be neces-
sary for this war which gentlemen talk of; nor am
I willing to add to the large appropriations which
necessarily must be made to supply the troops
there. I quite agree with the Senator from Geor-
gia, that they ought to be able, with the means
which are already supplied, to put down any in-
