5-22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompion Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
will not vote for it. Viewing it as I do, with the
opinions I entertain, I could not consent to her
admission without violating my sense of right
and justice; and I would submit to any conse-
quence before I would do that.
Nowj sir, what considerations are there, apart
from these which I have stated, which could lead
me to give, or could compensate me for giving, a
vote against my sense of what was right and just?
What advantage to our whole country, or to any
portion of it, is to result from taking Kansas into
the Union now with this constitution ? Is anything
to be gained ? Is the South or the North to gain
anything by it ? I see nothing to be gained by it.
I think there is not a gentleman here who believes
that Kansas will be a slave State. Before this ter-
ritorial government was made, many of the leading
men of the South'here argued that Kansas and
Nebraska never could be slave States. By the law
of climate and geography, it was said, they could
not. So said my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and so said Mr. Stephens.
Mr. TOOMBS. Never.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Badger said so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Keitt and Mr.
Brooks, of South Carolina, said so. The opinion
was expressed by numerous southern gentlemen
that Kansas could never be a slave State. It was
for the principle that they contended; and the
principle, the abstract principle, was a just one;
namely, the right of the people of the Territories,
when forming a State government, for admission
into the Union, to frame for themselves such a
republican constitution as they pleased, either ex-
cluding or admitting slavery.
Mr. HAMMOND. With the permission of the
Senator, I will ask him, Did I understand him
to say that Mr. lieitt had declared Kansas never
would be a slave State ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir; so it is re-
ported. Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, said:
<< Does any man believe that you will have a slavehold-
uig State m Kansas or Nebraska?"
Governor Brown, of Mississippi, said:
lt That slavery would never find a resting place m those
Territories."
Mr. Douglas said;
" I do not believe there is a man iH Congress who thinks
it coukl bo permanently a slaveholdmg countiy."
Mr. Badger, of North Carolina, said:
" I have no more idea of seeing a slave population in
either of them thau I have of seeing am Massachusetts."
Mr. Miilson, of Virginia, said:
" No one expects it> no one dreams that slavery will be
established there."
Mr. Frederick P. Stanton, of Tennessee, said:
" The feare of northern gentlemen are wholly unfounded.
Slavery will not be established in Kansas and Nebraska/'
The late Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, said,
in his speech of the 15th of March, 1854:
" If the natural laws of climate and of son exclude us
from a Territory of which we are the joint owners, we shall
not, and we will not, complain."
Mr. I3utler, of South Carolina, said, on the 2d
of March, 1854:
"If two States should ever come into the Union from
them, [the TemtoriesJ it is very certain that not more than
one of them could, in any possible event, be u sUve.lioldin?
State; and I have not the least idea that even one would
be."
Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, in his speech
of the 30th March, 1854, quoted Mr Pmckney,
of his own State, that,
" Practically, he thought slavery would not go above the
line of 36° 30' by the laws of physical geography; and there-
fore the South lost no territory fit for slavery."
This is ali the authority I have.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire what book the
Senator reads from? What is the title of it?
Mr. CRITTENDEN, It seems to be a book
written with the most downright Democratic pro-
pensities and purposes. [Laughter.] It is " An
Appeal to the Democracy of the South, by a south-
ern State-Rights Democrat." (Laughter.]
M r. MASON. I suppose the pamphlet is anony-
mous. No name is given.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. The name of the writer of the
pamphlet is not given.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. W ill the gentleman take
it? It contains a great deal of good Democratic
reading. [Laughter.] The writer of it thought
he was doing great service to the Democratic
party.
Mr. HAMMOND. I wish to say that Mr. Keitt
quoted that passage from Mr. Pinckney's speech
on the Missouri question, which had been quoted
on the opposite side of the case previously. His
object in quoting it was to show that Mr. Pinckney
did not support the Missouri compromise upon
principle; but he did not indorse the sentiments
expressed by Mr. Pinckney in that extract.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. 1 accept the explana-
tion. Certainly I had no intention to misrepre-
sent any gentleman by reading the statements
expressed in this pamphlet. I say it was not an-
ticipated from the first that Kansas would be a
slaveholding State. What is the South to gain
now by having it admitted ? It may gain a triumph
in the admission of this constitution—admitted
against the will of the majority of the people. It
is a triumph; but is it not a barren one? Is it a
triumph worthy of the South? It will produce
nothing but increased bitterness and exasperation,
perhaps, on the part of those against whose will
it is forced, not only in the Territory, but else-
where. It may give new exasperation to the sla-
very question; new agitation, which God forbid !
It would be a victory without results, without
profit, barren, sterile: as to all the ordinary and
beneficial fruits, there is none. I do not know how
anything is to be gained to the South, supposing,
as 1 verily believe, and us every gentleman here
believes, that it cannot be a slave State; that there
is a majority there opposed to it, and who will put
it down. Pass this, and we may have a few years
longer of exasperated struggle and exasperated
agitation in the country. That is all the conse-
quence of the barren victory which would be ob-
tained by admitting Kansas with this constitution.
That is not a fruit, I think, which any one would
wish to gather. Now, if you attempt to enforce
it, we are told by Mr. Walker—I know nothing
about it, but from all that he and Mr. Stanton toll
us, and they aie Democratic witnesses—there is
danger of resistance, and danger of rebellion.
Where is the necessity, then, for our doing it
now? Can we not resort to some other moans by
which we may avoid all these consequences of
exasperation, of danger, of resistance, of tumult,
or of agitation, upon this subject; and end this
contest m a short time by authorizing the people
of Kansas, under the high mandate of this Gov-
ernment, to form for thcmselvesa constitution, if
they want to come into this Union—a constitution
fairly to be made, and fairly to express the will
of the people. It defers the subject but a little
while. Is it not better to do that? Is it not better
to sutler the evils we have than to fly to others
we know not oP I think every prudential con-
sideration is in favor of our foroearing to enforce
this constitution on the people of Kansas, and of
our affording them an opportunity of making their
views fully and perfectly understood. This will
be in accordance with the generous principles and
policy that the South has pursued heretofore.
The Kansas-Nebraska bill was recommended
to the South chiefly by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and the recognition of the right of
the people of a Territory, when framing a consti-
tution of State government for themselves, to be
" perfectly free ' to frame it as they pleased, ad-
mitting or excluding slavery, and regulating their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States.
Every citizen has an equal interest and right in
territories belonging to the people of the United
States; and the result of this equal right seems to
me to be, that, where there is no positive law to
the contrary, any citizen may lawfully carry his
slaves into those Territories, and may lawfully
hold them. They were his slaves in the State
from which he emigrated, and must remain his,
till divested of his right, by law; just as an ap-
prentice, under the same circumstances, remains
bound to his master.
My opinion is, that, the repeal of the Missouri
compromise was a blunder; but I concur in the
principle that the people of ourTerritories, when
they come to form a constitution for themselves,
have a right to form it as they please. I am now
acting upon that great principle of popular rights.
I feel myself bound to give the benefit of it to the
people of Kansas. Let the majority make such
a constitution as they please. That is the great
American principle, that rises above all others.
Let them govern themselves, and as the majority
decide, so let the constitution and so let the laws
be. 1 think we are infracting that great principle
—the principle of the South itself, on this very
identical subject—by forcing this constitution, at
least of doubtful authenticity, upon the people. If
there is a majority in favor of it, it is not much
trouble for them to ratify it. If there is amajor-
ity opposed to it, they are entitled to have their
will and their way. They are entitled to that
upon principle; they are entitled to it by the ex-
press pledges of the Kansas-Nebraska law.
Sir, I feel that I have already occupied a great
deal of your time—more than I was entitled or
expected to do; and yet there are some general
topics upon which I wish to say something,
though not so immediately connected with the
direct question before us.
Mr. President, I am, according to the denomi-
nations now usually employed by parties in this
country, a southern man. I have lived all my
life in a southern State. I have been accustomed
from my childhood to that frame of society of
which slavery forms a part. I am, so far as re-
gards the necessary defense of the rights of the
South, as prompt and as ready to defend them as
any man the wide South contains; but, in the
same resolute and determined spirit in which I
would defend any invasion of its rights, and for
which I would put my footas far as he who went
furthest, I will concede to others their jyghts, and
I will maintain and assert them. He who knows
how to value his own rights will respect the
rights of others.
When the Missouri compromise was abolished,
i great fears were excited in the North, and some
vague hopes entertained in the South, that slavery
might be established in Kansas, and extended in
that direction. I did not believe it. I believed
that the Missouri compromise line fixed in 1820,
was about that territorial line, north of which
slavery, if it could exist would not be profitably
employed; and our experience since has shown
that the wise men who made that compromise
judged rightly, I believed that the idea of making
Kansas a slave State was a delusion to the South;
that her hopes would never be realized, if she en-
tertained such a hope as that. I thought, therefore,
it would have been better, without examining
scrupulously into its constitutionality, to let the
Missouri compromisestand. I regretted its repeal.
I did not believe the South would gain anything
by it, or that the North would gain by it.
That compromise was a bond and assurance of
pe^ce. I would not have disturbed it. It was
hallowed in my estimation by the memory of the
men who had made it. It was hallowed by the
beneficial consequences that resulted from it. lt
was hailed, at the time it was made, by the South.
It produced good, and nothing but good, from
that time. Often have you, sir, [addressing Mr.
Toombs,] and I, and all of the old Whig party,
triumphed in that act as one of the great achieve-
ments of our leader, Henry Clay. It was from
that, among other things, that he derived the
proudest of all his titles—that of the pacificator
and peace-maker of his country. We ascribed
to him a great instrumentality m the passage of
that law; and over and over again have I claimed
credit and honor for him for this act. This, for
thirty years, has been my steadfast opinion. I
have been growing, perhaps, during that time, a
little older, and am a little less susceptible of new
impressions and novel opinions. I cannot lay
aside the idea that the law which made that line
of division was a constitutional one. I believed
so then. The people since have generally be-
lieved it. I must be permitted to retain that opin-
ion still; to go on, at any rate, to my end with
the hope that I have not been praising, and have
not been claiming credit for others for violating
the Constitution of their country.
Sir, the men who passed that measure were
great men; they were far-seeing men. Without
argument now, I am content to rest my faith upon
the authority of those great men—Clay, Pinck-
ney, Lowndes, President Monroe, the last of the
patriarchs of the Revolution, with his learned and
able Cabinet—and then, what is more than all,
thirty-five years of acquiescence in it, and peace
