$584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
hand, to describe and define every object visible
from the deck of the ship, and myself alone,
though no sailor or mariner, was able so to direct
my course as to avoid a reef and find sheker in
case of storm.
As ! said, somebody will do this. If we do
hot do it the British Government, which is the
greatest commercial nation besides ours, will do
it, and we must prepare to lay open our coasts,
with their bays, and oar rivers, to the British
surveyors to map and chart the way for them-
selves and for us. That is just what we have
done ourselves in South America. What have we
done this very session ? We have authorized the
President to make quasi war against the Govern-
ment of Paraguay, because the President of that
Republic interfered with asurveyor we sent there
to explore the course of a river which the Gov-
ernment of that country neglcetcd to explore. I
want no such relations with Gieat Britain—no
such dependence on her.
With regard to the manner in which thisgreat
work isdone,ithas indeed taken time. The only
reason that it has taken time is that it was not
finished, and the reason why it was always un-
finished was because the Republic itself has not
at any time been finished. If the country is fin-
ished now, and if it wi-l stand fast just as it is for
twelve years, then this work will be finished m
twelve years; but if the country remains unfin-
ished, and if we are to yet include the Gulf of
California, or if we. are to take 111 the islunds on
the shores of the Caribbean sea, then it will take
still twelve years more to finish the coast suivey.
With regard to the manner m which this work
has been done, 1 believe it may be said of tins
department that it is one—I do not say it is the
only one—but it is ccruunly one in which there
is not a sinecure, there is nut a supmmrociaiy,
there is not an idle man, there is not an idle ves-
sel, and there is not, mo far as it is possible to
practice economy in the affairs of Government, a
dollar of wiisfe.
Mr. HAYNE. I rise, sir, to contribute my
mite in behalf of the coast sui vey. 1 regret to lie
compelled to do so, nor should 1 do so, if I should
occupy the time of the Senate more than five
minutes. It is a question which i think we can
reach in less than five minutes. I can tell Sena-
tors, and I think wuh gieut tiuth, that where the
Treasury of the United States will oxp< nd one
dollar for this great work, it will have returned
our money—ay, thousand.; for one. there a
nation on the whole eaith that pox..esses such a
magnificent sea-coast, from P.<ssmnuquot!dy io
the Rio Grande? It is unparalleled. We have
duties to perform, as God has given us tins threat
and extensive sea-shore. I hope the innate will
not hesitate to agtee to the appropriation of the
exactamount which has hren requested of them.
If there can be a national woik, one above ail
others that contributes to every man's pocket, if
•notdirectly, mduectly, if not immediately, medi-
ately, that work is the coast survey. Some of
my friends here from the distant West do not
reflect that ihey could not prosper without the
prosperity of their friends on the Atlantic, pat tic-
ularly my talented and excellent friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull ] He happens to live m a
different section of t he country from that in which
I do, but I tell him emphatically he will derive as
groat advantage m Illinois, from this appropria-
tion, as we Will on the Atlantic border.
Under these en cum-itances, sn , how can we
hesitate "> ] t jy a gloi ious work; it 1rj a noble work;
it is a woi k which atlrac's the attention of all Eu-
rope, and it gives n i a moral power besides our
deeds in aims win 'h should not be foigotten. I
pray the Senators not to h"sitateata few dollars.
The appropriation has been reduced in accordance
with the er'sis, some ninety thousand dollais. It
has been reduced to the, smallest poi-it,
I must say one word more. If there could he
selected on earth a purer, a wiser, or a more hon-
orable man than he who is at the head of this
great woik, I know not who he should be. I
think that in Piofessor Bae.he we have the exact
man for the place. He is t he pattern of Fianklm
over and over. I hope Senators will think of
these things, and not vote to destroy this noble
work. I will notdetain you, sir, amomcnt longer.
I shall vote for the appropriation.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 would like to ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri, who introduced tins amend-
ment, to explain it. I have not heard a single
reason given yet for the amendment, and the Sen-
ator from Missouri has not had an opportunity of
explaining it.
Mr. POLK. It is simply to strike out $250,000
and insert $100,000. I would like very much to
be informed by some gentleman who knows, for
instance the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, what was the appropriation for last year
for this specific object, for carrying on the survey
on the Atlantic coast?
Mr. PEARCE. I will say to the Senator from
Missouri that it has not been increased during
the present year.
Mr. POLfc. Has it been diminished ?
Mr. PE ALICE. The appropriations have been
diminished.
Mr. HAYNE. Diminished upwards of ninety
thousand dollars.
Mr. PEARCE. Seventy thousand or ninety
thousand dollars, I do not recollect which; but I
know it has been reduced.
Mr. POLK. It struck me that the appropri-
ation was an exceedingly large one. All the re-
ports made by the committees of the Senate with
regard to the expenditure of public money have
been based on the idea that no money was to be
expended, except for the purpose of piotection
mainly, and in some cases for repairs. Here is
an appropriation of £.250,000; and, without pro-
fessing to know the details of this subject, it
seems to me a case m which reduction might well
be made, and it ought to be made in the condition
in which the Treasury now is. Among my ear-
liest recollections is this coast survey. 1 was
struck with the fact stated by one of the Senators
—I do not recollect which one, perhaps the Sen-
ator from G< oraia—in some remarks upon the
floor of the Senate a few days ago, that this coast
-survey did net complete a given locality, but that
l! had to be done over attain when it may besup-
po^"d that the tide and the current's may have
produced a change m the channel. If th\xt is so,
this tin ug will not stop in twelve yearn, and mm lit
not m one hundied. It has been ironi£ on now
for half a century. It commenced, I believe, m
1790, orthe first appropriation was then made for
it then, if I do not mistake.
Mr. PEARCE. Oh, no. The Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. POLK. I looked at it a few days ago. I
am not certain about that. 1 know there was le-
gislation on the subject authorizing the sending
Jo Europe for the putjiose of getting competent-
men to tn.ike the sum ys ns oaily as 1S07.
Mr. TJU.N i'ER. The uppropiiatum last year
wax £").">!UniO.
Mr. I'oLK. That is the cxa"t sum that is to
be appropriated tins year. I ask if this work can-
not be, suspended for a yeai ? or if this is the only
thins, m whu'h thejo can be no rcductam?
Mr. TE'YROE. It lms been reduced.
Mr. POLK. Two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars was the appropriation last year, according;
to the Senator from Vnginio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. I mention his name be-
cause I suppose he is cood authority on such a
question, it is the same amount now. Every-
thing else is reduced except this.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator i'lnw me to
explain ?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mi. PEARCE. The sum of ^250,003, which
was appropriated last year, was recommended
this year; but, neveitlu leys, there has been a re-
duction: that is to say, items spocuieally men-
tioned whieh have been dropped and kft out of
the appropriation for the present year. One item
I recollect of £,15,000 has been left out. It is true
the general sum 
Mr. POLK. Still the aggregate seems to be the
same.
Mr. PEARCE. The aggregate is not the same.
The Senator is under a mistake. I am perfectly
cognizant of the fact. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury sent around to the different Departments of
the Government when about to make the different
estimates, to know m what way it would be pos-
sible to retrench, and he retrenched on this sub-
ject as well as on others.
The Senator will allow mo to say one word
more while I am up. He made some remarks on
the necessity of resurvey, I beg leave to say it
is notneccssary to do all that work over again?as
seems to be supposed, after a few years. It may
be necessary at particular points where the cur-
rents make deposits of mud to have a resurvey.
The resurvey, however, is a small affair. It does
not cost more than one tenth the original survey,
and can never be applied to but few paits of the
coast or harbors. _ In the general line of the coast,
all of which is delineated exactly in the coast sur-
vey, the only resurvey was that of the harbor of
New York, induced, I believe, by the action of
the New York authorities. That survey, which
was complete, cost just one tenth of the original
survey; so that, although we may be compelled
toreburvey particular portions of the coast, it will
only be the harbors, the mouths, and the en-
trances of rivers, and cases of that sort; and then
the resurvey will cost only about one tenth of the
oi lginal survey.
Mr. GWIN. Ifthc Senator from Missouri will
permit me, I undei stood the Senator from Vir-
ginia said there had not been a reduction.
Mr. POLK. The answer was that the amount
appropriated last year was $*250,000—the same
amount which is appropriated this year.
Mr. GWIN. In answer to the Senator, I will
state that there has been a reduction of $90,000—
$30,000 for the Florida reefs, and £>60,000 m other
items in the bill.
Mr. POLK. The Senator will observe that the
amendment does not relate to the Florida reefs and
keys; but there is a separate appiopnauon for
that object. I ask the chairman of the Committee
on Finance if there is any icduetion in this item t
Mr. GWIN. It has been reduced theie. I
thought the Senator nlhided to the aggregate.
Mi. FOLK. I appieher.d the Senator from
.Maryland is under a mistake. The ^*Ji5U,000 is
for the survey of the Atlantic coast alone. The
whole of the appropi iations if I have added them
up correctly amount to $452,000. The reduction
to which tiie Senator fiotn Maryland refers, and
which is also mentioned in round numbers by the
S<matoi from South Carolina, may have been in
other items, thatgo to make up the yl52>000, than
the iiisi n'om.
Mr. PEARCE. \es, sir; T mil tell the Sena-
tor two of the irrms. I do not lecoliect them all
—but there were several items which were re-
duced.
Mr. POLK.   Is there any reduction in tkepx-
pendituie to which the appropuatiou covcied by
this amendment is applicable?
Mr. PEARCE. I will observe, if th" Senator
will allow me, thnt there are several items which
go to make up the mass of all that is appropriated.
One of them is this one of $250,000 for the At-
lantic coast. One of those items was an appro-
priation for the rep urs of vessels employed m the
coast survey. That has been omitted during the
present v« ar. That j-j a port.on of the sum left
out. There was a sum. 1 think', of £15,000 also
for the publication uf ceifam charts. That has
been dropped for the pr-.scnt.
Mr. POLK. Is Mi ere not. an appropriation here
of slO.OOO for repaus of vessels ?
Mr PEARCE. i said they were reduced by
a considerable sum—I do not know what—butin
the whole ^00,CU0 on all ilie different items.
Mr. POLK. Tiie question still recurs whether
there was any reduction in this particular item
of &250,000, to which this amendment is offered.
I must say it is not demonstrated to my satisfac-
tion that there may not be a curtailment in this
particular item, to which §,250,000 are to be ap-
propriated
Mr. FESSEXDEX. T understand that there
ha'? been a reduction in fact, of 890,000 from last
year.
Mr. POLK. Yes. sir; but that, I apprehend,
will be found to be made up by a general reduc*
tion of the items.
Mr. FESSENDEX. No. Last year there waa
an appmpnation of SoO.OUO for the Florida keys,
Mr. POLK. And tins year there is an appro-
priation of $40,000 for the Florida keys.
Mr. FErSENDEX. liut I understand that
the whole approj">r'atJon is $90,000 less.
Mr. POLK, That is just what I am answer-
ing I suppose on the whole appropriation that
there has been a reduction, as gentlemen say, but
still it is not known whether there has been any
reduction on this appropriation. The Senator
who is at the head of the Committee on Finance,
as I understand ium, said that last year there
