1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
surrection, if there should be one, in Utah. I
think we shall find enough to do to furnish what
it is absolutely necessary to give them, without
adding this large amount to the appropriations.
It has been objected that the bill is not suffi-
ciently guarded, and I think it is not. I think
even if the scheme were justifiable for military or
for postal purposes, that it would be proper to
guard it more than is here done. As the Senator
from North Carolina says, are we to pay the ex-
pense, and more than the expense, of making it,
and then leave to these parties hereafter the prof-
its, if there be any profit in the enterprise? Is
the Government to make a telegraph for a use of
twenty or one hundred days ? Certainly not.
There can be no justification for this. I hope we
shall not try these expensive experiments until
we have some more money in the Treasury than
we now have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall vote against this
proposition in any shape in which it may present
itself, and on what I suppose to be a very simple
principle. Some time ago, I do not know how
long, but I think three or four years ago, we
granted leave to a certain company to construct
a telegraph line to the Pacific; gave them the right
of way, and allowed some years in which to do
the work. It was urged very strongly on the Sen-
ate at that time that that was a matter of very
great importance and necessity, and that if we
fave the permission asked for, the work would
e done at once, because the line would pay ex-
ceedingly well, on account of the necessity of
making constant communications between the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts. That measure was
pushed through the Senate as one of greet conse-
quence, and I voted for it myself finally, as it was
urged so strongly; but I believe from that day to
this we have not heard the first word about the tel-
egraph from here to the Pacific. If a telegraphic
communication to and from Utah is really worth
anything, and is of any consequence to anybody,
it would seem to be a little strange that no com-
pany has started in it. It is said we are to have
a war out there, and that this measure is of press-
ing importance, and will be of value in order to
enable us to carry on that war. We have not
heard of the first steps to accomplish such a pur-
pose from any private company. There is no cap-
italist, there is no company of capitalists, which
thinks it of the slightest value in the world, or
makes any movement in regard to it.
Then it resolves itself into this question: is it
the mere beginning of the enterprise to make a
telegraphic line to the Pacific ocean ? and, if so, is
it worth while for the Government of the United
States to construct half of it ? Is this a mere part
of that scheme? Is that worthless? Are we to
be called upon now to build half the line, let the
company have it, and then build the other half
when they see fit? That seems to be the amount
of the bill.
As has been remarked, there is nothing what-
ever in tile bill making any provision of any kind
or description for any ownership of the Govern-
ment in it, after expending this half a million of
money, or less, as the case may be; but I believe
all experience shows that we never spend less
than we appropriate for these purposes. If that
is to be the case, if we are to appropriate money
for this purpose, and the Government is to be
called upon to construct one half the line for the
benefit of the company, it should have some sort
of assurance that the work is to be done at some
period or other, and that there is to be a perma-
nent benefit derived from it to the Government.
If it is not that, it is a mere proposition for our
Government, because we have a disturbance in
Utah at the presenttime, to expend half a million
of dollars in constructing a telegraphic line for
this mere temporary condition of things which
may exist for a few months, as has been sug-
gested , and may not exist even for that period of
time. Why, sir, up to the present moment, Con-
gress has not authorized, in any manner or form,
by any act it has passed, these hostilities, if they
may be called such, that are being had, or are
now in progress against Utah. We have made
no appropriations for the purpose; we have not
yet passed an act recognizing that hostilities ex-
ist there, orshowingthat we are disposed to carry
011 thnt war, if war it may be called. As a mat-
ter of fact, it is well known that a very large por-
tion of Congress—we do not know how much—
think that the whole proceeding is entirely un-
necessary, and that the troops ought to be with-
drawn. How do we know that that is not the
result to which we shall come ?
Then, sir, as is suggested by the Senator from
Georgia, and others, what possible benefit, other
than the communication of interesting intelli-
gence, once in a while, of the operations of our
army, can be derived from it? To be sure, we
may get a rapid account of the position of the
army, and communicate rapidly with it. But
everybody who haa considered these matters at
all ought to know that the operations of an army,
at that distance, are not to be carried on in that
way, by the mere transmission of events that hap-
pen from day to day. Anybody but our present
Secretary of War, I apprehend, would make some
sort of provision beforehand, as to troops and
supplies, so as to render the army able to sustain
itself at a distance of twelve hundred miles, with-
out depending on telegraphic communications.
Now, sir, my friend from Massachusetts, and
the Secretary of War, have given us their opin-
ions that this will be of inestimable value. That
is all we get from them. Where are the details ?
How is it to operate? Does my friend, who is
on the Committee on Military Affairs, do any-
thing more than say that he thinks it will be val-
uable ? The Secretary of War thinks so too. I
have a high opinion of the military sagacity of
my friend, but I have none at all of that of the
Secretary of War. If, however, they are to give
their opinions, and these opinions are to be the
law on which we are to appropriate half a million
of money to construct a line of telegraph, not for
our own use longer, possibly, than a month, into
that country, let us have some specific military de-
tails. What military object is to be accomplished
by it? How is it to work? How is money to be
saved by it? My friend says he has no doubt
money will be saved to the Government by it.
How? In what particular ? Where ? Let us have
some of the military experience of these gentle-
men, to tell us in what particular manner we are
to save so much money by making this appropri-
ation. Sir, I do not think the Secretary of War
knows anything about it at all. He has probably
been in communication with the gentlemen who
want to build this road—I mean this telegraphic
line, but I confound it all the time with the Pa-
cific railroad. It may be a part of the same
thing.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; it is very different.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At any rate, I think they
are very much of the same character, in some par-
ticulars, at least at the present time. As I said,
we are not given any description, or any items
of account, showing of what use this telegraph
line is to be, or how it is to save money to the
Government, or in what respect it is to be useful
to the Government. No doubt the gentlemen who
want to build it have stated to the Secretary of
War, and others, what they can do. But do we
knowanythingabout the actual costof thiswork?
Has it been under investigation by a committee,
so that they can tell us what it will cost per mile,
with the facilities we have for constructing this
electro-magnetic telegraph line ? We have lieard
nothing of this description; and it is perfectly idle
to tell me that we may appropriate a sum not ex-
ceeding half a million of dollars, and that the per-
son at the head of the Department, whoever he
may be, who is to make the contract, will see that
it is well expended. Every day's experience in
the history of our Government proves, that when
Congress appropriates for a particular object a
sum of money not to exceed a certain amount, the
whole of it goes.
Mr. FOSTER. And there is a deficiency be-
Mr. FESSENDEN. And there is a deficiency
besides, ordinarily. How do we know anything
about what sort of a contract will be made? I
think the whole measure is a crude, undigested,
and I was about to add, certainly to me, indigesti-
ble scheme. I cannot understand it. There are no
details, there are no facts, there is nothing but
crude opinions upon which to found it; and in the
present state of-the Treasury, as my honorable
friend from Virginia says, I am quite unwilling to
put the power of making this contract into the
hands of the Government, without knowing some-
thing more about it.
Mr. WILSON. I want to say a word to the
Senator from Maine in regard to this matter of
details. No human being can tell what the real
advantage to the country will be from the construc-
tion of this line of telegraph. It depends very
much upon the condition of affairs in that part of
the country, and how long it is to continue. If
this line had been constructed six months ago, and
we had been in daily communication with our
army there, does not the Senator believe it would
have been of great service to this country? Col-
onel Johnston was four months without commu-
nication with the Government—without bearing
from this Government.
Mr. FOSTER. If he did not hear from them
for four months longer he would be better off.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Connecticut
thinks that if he did not hear from the Govern-
ment for four months longer he would be better
off; but how do we know that? Does not every
man believe that if, during the last six months we
had had daily communication with our army, it
would have been of great service to the country?
I have no doubt of that; I do not think the Sen-
ator from Maine has.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How would it have been
of service ?
Mr. WILSON. How? You would have been
in communication with your army; you could
have learned its precise daily condition; its actual
wants; and the Department here could have gov-
erned itself by an exact knowledge of the condi-
tion of the army. Would not that have been of
advantage to the country ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator be a lit-
tle more definite ? I ask, what has been lost by
not having that precise information ?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell what has been
lost. The Senator does not know what has been
lost; I do not know. Perhaps three million dol-
lars have been lost. No man in the country can
possibly tell how much we have lost. No man can
estimate fully what we should have gained if we
had had this communication. Secretary Marcy
said that if we had had a telegraphic line to the
South, in connection with Mexico, during the
Mexican war, one telegraphic dispatch would
have saved this country $500,000. We know that
when the armies of France, of England, and of
Russia were assembled at Sebastopol, their Gov-
ernments built lines of telegraph to connect them
with the army, and one of them laid down four
thousand miles of telegraph in Russia, to connect
the Government and the army, and no doubt mil-
lions of dollars were saved by the connection.
The Governments engaged in that great contest
deemed connection with their armies so important
that in time of war, notwithstanding all their great
expenditures to carry on the war, they constructed
thousands of miles of telegraph, to put their Gov-
ernments and the world in communication with
their armies. Who doubts that they gained by
it, and gained immensely ? They were able, by
means of the telegraph, to put themselves in com-
munication with their army, and to have all the
advantages of a continual daily knowledge of the
wants and conditions of the army. So it would
be here. It is hard to tell how much we have
gained by the telegraphs of the country, and how
much we should have lost if they had not existed;
but we all know that in every department they
have been of infinite service to the country. I
believe a telegraphic communication with the
army in Utah will be of great service. If it had
existed there a few months ago, 1 think it would
have been worth all that it will cost; and if the
troubles exist there five, six, or twelve months
longer, the country will save money by the erec-
tion of a telegraphic communication with the
army. We can only estimate these advantages
by our knowledge of what has been done in other
cases. We might save a great deal by this com-
munication, or we might perhaps not make any
great gains by it. That we cannot tell with cer-
tainty. We have only to judge of probabilities.
The Senator from Maine thinks it will be of no
service; I think it will be of great service. We
differ. I vote for the bill; he votes against it.
Now, sir, inregard to the cost: the matter is put
in the hands of the Secretary of War. The Sen-
ator from Maine has not great confidence in the
Secretary of War. I do not know that any of us
have much reason to have great confidence in him.
He has unquestionably brought into that Depart-
ment less of experience than some other men ie
