1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
President of the United States had so determined;
and with this purpose fixed, he insisted upon the
Hon. Robert J. Walker accepting from him the
appointment of Governor of Kansas, to effectu-
ate it. The reason for selecting the individual j
named, is to he found in the fact that there was a
perfect agreement of the two as to the course to
be pursued. This is most evident from the let-
ter of Governor Walker accepting the appoint-
ment, and from the instructions issued to him.
In the lctterulluued to Governor Walker says:
" I understand that you and your Cabinet cordially concur
in the opinion expressed by me, that tlie actual bona fide
residents of the Terutory of Kansas, by a lair and regular
vote, unafteclcd by fiaud or violence, must be permitted, m
adopting their Siate constitution, to decide for themselves
what hiiall be their social institutions,. This is the great
fundamental principle of the actof Congress organizing that
Teiritory, alVnmcd by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and is 111 accordance with the views unil'oimly ex-
pressed uy me thi oughout my public career. I contemplate
a peaceful solution of tins question by an appeal to the
intelligence and patuotism of the people of Kansas, who
should all participate fully and freely in this decision, and
by a majority of whose votes the decision must be made, as
the only and constitutional mode of adjustment.
"I will go, then, and endeavor to adjust these difficulties,
in the full confidence, as stiongly expressed by you, that I
will be sustained by all your own lugli authunty, with the
cordial cooperation of all your Cabinet."
The instructions to this officer-are equally con-
clusive of the fact:
" The institutions of Kansas should be established by the
votes of the people of Kansas, unawed and uninterrupted
by force and fraud.
•' vviieil such a constitution slialt be submitted to the
people of the Teiritory, they mu«t be protected in the exer-
cise of their light to vote lor or against the instrument, and
the fair expression ol the popular will must not be interrupt-
ed by fraud 01 violence."
But the letter and instructions, as quoted, are
proof of a much more important matter than that
for which I have used them, for they conclusively
establish that there was then an anxious wish on
the part of the President that the people of the
Territory should be fully protected 111 the exercise
of their right to vote upon their constitution. 1
repeat his words: "They must be protected in
the exercise of their right to vote for or against the
instrument." Not in their right to vote for or
against a part of the instrument, but the instiu-
mmt—the whole instrument.
The Union, the organ of the Administration, of
the 7th of July last, seems fully to appreciate the
ground then held by the President, and, in de-
fending that position, gives a most satisfactory
reason for assuming it. I will read an extract
from that paper of the date named:
" When there is no serious depute upon the constitution, :
either in the convention or among tin* people, the power of ;
the delegates alone may put it in operation. Uutsuch is not |
the case m Kan-a-:. The most violent stiu<i?lo tins countiy j
ever saw, upon the mo^t unpmtant i-sue which the Con.-ti- j
tution is to determine, lias been going 011 theie for several j
y<Jars, between paities <.-0 pvenly balanced that lio.h claim !
the majority, and so hostile n one another that numeious 1
lives have been )o>t 111 the contest. Under the-ie cueuni- |
stances there can be no Mich thing as asceitannng clcaily
and without doubt, the wiil of the people m any way except
by their own direct expression of it at the polls. A consti-
tution not subjected to that reft, no mutter what it contains,
will never be acknowledged by its opponents to he anything
but a fraud." ***** "Wedomo<a
devoutly believe that unless the constitution of Kansas be
submitted to a direct vote of the people, the unhappy con-
troversy which has heretofore lajred in that Territory will
be prolonged for an indefinite tune to come."
It is no answer to all this to say that other States
have been admitted into the Union without sub-
mitting their constitutions to a popular vote. It
■would not be an answer if such had been the case
with each and every one of the eighteen admitted
States. If there were a thousand precedent cases
of States so admitted, where there was no serious
dispute among the citizens as to the particular
form of their institutions, they would fall short of
affording an argument for the admission of one
where such difficulty does exist. Kansas is a case
standing by itself; it has no parallels; it is not to
be illustrated by precedent. Its feature are pecu-
liar—anomalous; and the circumstances surround-
ing it such as never before surrounded the in-
choate State. To it popular sovereignty most
specially applies. Congrese, the dominant polit-
ical party, the President of the United States, the
Governor of the Territory, all declared the people
should have just such republican institutions as
they might desire. All looked to a vote of the
people as the means to determine the popular will.
The people now ask that such vote may indicate
their wishes. All sovereignty resides in the peo-
ple, and no admitted principle refuses ita exereisc
in the mode desired. Why shall they not, then,
speak at the polls?
Here I pause for a moment. In looking back
from the point now reached, we see the Dem-
ocratic party and the President have alike pur-
sued a comparatively new, yet well-defined and
strongly-marked policy. The Missouri compro-
mise hue, after continuing for years, is found to
be too restrictive; the common territory of the
nation should be open to the occupancy of our
citizens in common. The Nebraska-Kansas bill
is enacted, and the people of the Territories are to
"form" as they are to "regulate" their "domestic
institutions." In the North and in the South
the doctrine is accepted, and eagerly they push
forward their respective schemes for colonizing
Kansas, for now numbers shall control the insti-
tutions there. By river and by land the emigra-
tion hastens forward, and the cabin is scarcely
prepared for shelter before the struggle for power,
for control, commences, anditis grasped and held
by the friends of the South. It is alleged that
strangers to the soil, Missouri borderers, decide
the contest: the reply is, you shall not inquire as
to that, or any other matter; the people rule.^ The
hasty and surpeiUcial observer declares the South
has gained an undue advantage over the North,
and a sound of exultation is heard around us and
in the distance. Thus baffled rn the Territories,
will the North, aspiring to executive^power, still
adhere to that sovureignty which has failed her?
She must do so, or abandon her long-cherished
object. The pledge is presented to her; she
accepts it boldly, and repeats to the world what
the faint-hearted believe is to degrade herfree-born
and undaunted sons:
" We rprognize the i'is;ht of thep?oplc of all the Territo-
ries, including Kan^a- and Nebraska, acting thiough the
legally and ianly expressed will of the mnjouty of actual
lus-idenN; rind \vh<*nev n t'«o numhei of then inhabitants
justifies it. to fonn a constitution. with or without domestic
slavciv, and bo admitted into tin. Union upon terms ot per
lcct equality with the oihei States.
There is a hand-to-hand encounter. Now,
again, the cry, as one of victory, resounds through-
out the land, " the will of the majority, legally
and fairly expressed, shall be the law of the Ter-
ritories." It is barely uttered before an attempt
is made to stifle it; for in the far Northwest the
South has been outcolomzcd, and slavery is likely
to be excluded from the soil. We were not pre-
pared for this; for if the act of a minority, or, at
best, a doubtful majority, can, for the time, es-
tablish a domestic institution, an actual majority
should be able to form and regulate and perpet-
uate other or all domestic institutions.
The Democratic party and the President were
i honest in their support of popular sovereignty.
I This was not only the case before, but after the
j election. On no other hypothesis can you account
for their early, distinct, and repeated avowals of it.
The President intended to enforce it in Kansas
literally and truly. There had never been butonc
interpretation given to it by the party of which he
was, the head, and he understood it cleatly. It
was, that the fundamental law, the constitution,
which gave form and regulation to their institu-
tions, all their institutions, should not be imposed
upon the people until sanctioned and adopted by
a vote of the majority. If such was not the case,
how came it that the President did not at once re-
pudiate the action of Governor Walker m giving
assurance that the Lecompton convention must
submit their constitution to a vote, or it would be
rejected by Congress? How could he pass over
this sentence, in the address of that officer to the
people of the Territory, without notice ?
"Kansas never can be brought into the Union, with or
without slavery, except by a previous solemn decision,
l'ully, freely, and fairly made by a majority of her people, 111
voting for ur against the adoption of the State constitution."
It must be conceded that the President approved
of Governor Walker's course,and that it required
him to do so to make his own course consistent,
and the party true to their avowals.
I here leave the discussion. I am unwilling to
repeat points raised in the earlier poition of ray
remarks, to assist this branch of my argument, and
I do not think it necessary to do so. I can only
use this general expression, that, in my opinion,
the course now recommended to us by the Presi-
dent in his message is unjust to, because incon-
sistent with, himself, and would, if carried out, rob
the .Nebraska-Kansas act of its vital principle, and
stand as an accusing record against the good faith
of the Democratic party, crippling-it foryearsitds
come, if notdestroying it for the future, ■ fri such
an event, where is that strong hand which is-to ■
lay hold of the rudder and still direct the ship of-"
State, freighted with the hopes of mankind,in her
course of material greatness and increasing glory?
What, in that day, will constitute thebreak water
against which fanaticism shall dash" in its wild
fury, as the hurricane may bear itfrorn the Nortl*
or the South ? How will then fare the Union, with!
which we are everything, without which we are
nothing?
Do you believe you can satisfy the country of-
the propriety of planting slavery on that soil,
from which the Missouri compromise excIuSed ft,
upon the newest doctrine that it should be left
to the laws of climate and production alone, and
that neither of these will exclude it ? that popu-
lar sovereignty, applied by the legislation of 1854
to the rule of the Territories of the United States,
may be trampled underfoot upon the pretense that
forms of law have been duly observed in estab-
lishing it? that popular elections may be carried
under solemn guarantees to the voter, and ail
pledges be broken the moment they have per-
formed their work ? that the principal may in-
struct the agent,and theagent, by faithfully obey-
ing the instructions given, shall render himself
obnoxious to the just indignation of his-.supe-
rior? that that Territory is self-governed whose:
highest law is made and' riveted upon it by a con-
vention in whose composition one half the Terri-.
torywas unrepresented and disfranchised, wh-ichr
was ordained by a Legislature never acbnowU
edged because never elected? in short, that all is
well, and that principle and faith are inviolabiy
kept in Kansas, when they know that nine tenths;
of her citizens, acting together, are unable to pre-
ventthe adoption of institutions which they never
can acknowledge without disgrace?
Do you believe you can satisfy the country of
all this? I tell you here to-day plainly that the
northern Democracy never will be able to satisfy
northern men of these things. Unlike the ancient
knight, those who support this strange policy will
be known, although they may change the color
of their armor at every charge they make here-
nfter. The time has come at last, and not too
soon, when a new requisition will be made by
northern constituencies—an earnest and manly
defense of northern honor and of northern rights-,
whilst giving the utmost demands of justice to
their brethren of the South. If unpardonable to
insist upon so much equality, then we have
reached the end of national platforms, and the
beginning of sectional Presidents—to my mind the
last calamity to be survived; for then will begin
those acts of aggressive interference which, lead-
ing to protracted and desolating wars, must end
in establishing among children of the same blood
the cruel relation of conqueror and captive.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: that I addressed the
Chan- before the gentleman from Ohio even rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks other-
wise.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the Chair so decide?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairdoes so decide.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and leave it with the House
ii to say whether I was not the first to address the
jj Chair.
I, Mr. BOYCE. I hope my friend from Virginia
j will not press his question of order. He has fre-
; quently had the floor when he was not entitled to
j| it. It has been usual for the Chair to regulate the
|! matter of assigning the floor as he pleases*.
;! Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that l ever
got the floor when I was not entitled to it. I do
not withdraw my appeal. I addressed the Chair
clearly before any other member; and I insist that
I shall be assigned the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If I am entitled to
the floor, I will proceed. If not, I will give way.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope my friend from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his question of order. It is
really a question of fact, and I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he submit to the ruling of the Chair
in this respect, on the ground that the Chair has
the right to determine. I do not suppose that it
is generally done very fairly. 1 think it is the
genera! understanding that there shall be a farm-
ing out of the floor a6 the Chair choose* to rcg-
