1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
under it, in these States. Whatever quarrels you
may have had about it in Congress, there was al-
ways enough to uphold and sustain that law; and
never, until 1854, was it repealed, or its constitu-
tionality questioned, that I know of. I regretted
its repeal, bccause I feared that it would lead to
new agitations and new dangers. Has it not?
What has been our experience ?
The authors of the measure which repealed that
compromise — honorable and patriotic I know
them to be, many of them my personal friends—
promised themselves from it greater peace and
greater repose, by localizing the slavery question,
as it was said. This act was to localize the ques-
tion of slavery, and all agitation was to be at an
end. It was to give peace to the country. The
President, in his message at the commencement
of this session, or in his special message—I do
not know which—imagines the country to have
been in great agitation on the subject of slavery,
when the Kansas-Nebraska act came and put a
stop to it until, some time afterwards, it was re-
vived. Why, sir, exactly the contrary seems to
me to be the true history of the transaction. We
were becoming tranquilized under the compro-
mises of 1850, in addition to the Missouri com-
promise; all was subsiding into submission and
acquiescence, when to obtain a greater degree of
peace, and secure us for the future against all agi-
tation, this bill of 1854, repealing the Missouri
compromise, was passed. What lias it produced?
Has it localized the question of slavery ? Has it
given us peace? All can answer that question.
It has given us anything but a cessasion of agita-
tion. It has given us trouble, nothing but trouble.
That has been the consequence of it so far.
I am as anxious now as any man here to close
up this scene. I would vote for the admission of
Kansas upon almost any terms that would give
peace and quiet. If I thought this bill would do
so, I should vote for it. I would suppress all
scruples for the sake of that peace. If I was sure
such would be its result', I would vote for it, think-
ing myself justified by the price that was to be
paid—the peace of my country and the restora-
tion of good-will among my fellow-citizens. I
do not hope for it. I fear further trouble. We
are again told that this will have the effect of
localizing the question of slavery, and that we
shall be no more troubled with it; that the mis-
chief and clamor and agitation will all be confined
to the limits of Kansas. This is the same hope
that was disappointed when the Kansas-Nebras-
ka bill was passed. The same hope was indulged
in then, and since then there has been nothing
here but agitation on the subject, increasing with
every day.
Again, we have the idea of localizing it pre-
sented. Now, sir, if it is to be debated anywhere,
it will be debated here; and, perhaps, if it is to
be debated anywhere, it is best that it should be
debated here; because we might hope, Mr. Pres-
ident, that in this body it would be debated with
a spirit of moderation and conciliation that would
deprive it of many mischievous consequences if
it were agitated and debated among men without
our years, without our responsibilities, and with-
out the restraints which our condition and our
knowledge impose upon us. Even herfe we do
not debate it in the right way. We allow our-
selves to become too much excited about it. To
this great country what is Kansas and this Kan-
sas question,and the two or three hundred slaves
who are there, that you and I and all the Amer-
ican Senate should be here day and night, and
using such language of vituperation and invective
on this subject as we often do? Look at our
great country, and the great subjects which claim
our attention as her legislators; look at them all
in their majesty and their magnitude, and then
say how little, pitiful, in comparison, is this ques-
tion about which we are making so much strife
and contention.
On this subiect, and on many others, it seems
to me that it becomes us, of all the citizens of this
great Republic, to set to our fellow-citizens exam-
pies of moderation and conciliation. What good
does the mutual charge of aggression, often fiercely
repealed' What good do these invectives ? Es-
pecially let me say to my friends of the North,
why indulge m invectives of the most reproachful
character, upon those who, in fourteen or fifteen
States of this great country, are slaveholders?
Does that give you any cause to traduce them?
Can you not live content with the institutions
which please you better, and leave these fellow-
citizens, who have just the same right to adopt
slavery that you have your institutions, to enjoy
their liberty in peace also ? Is there anything in
the difference of our institutions which ought to
make us inimical to one another? How was it
with our fathers? Did not they live together in
peace and harmony ? Did not they fight together?
Did not they legislate together ? Did they ever
abuse and reproach each other about the ques-
tion of slavery? Never that I have read of. Why
is it that we cannot do as they did ? Have we
degenerated from those fathers, or have we grown
so much better and purer than they were? I
doubt whether we are any better; and I do not
believe, notwithstanding all that is said about
progress, that we are at all more sensible than
those fathers who made the Constitution of the
United States, and laid the foundation of this
great Government. They gave us an example of
brotherhood; and, when we look at all that con-
nects us, a11 that unites and makes us one people,
how much more powerful would its influence seem
to be to connect us together, than the question of
slavery and anti-slavery to divide us? We are
united by circumstances of which we cannot di-
vest ourselves. We are united in language, in
blood, in country, in all the memories of the past,
in all the hopes of the future. This is our con-
nection; leading and pointing to the brightest
destiny that ever awaited any people. All the
unnumbered blessings of the future are in full
prospect; but there is this little, this compara-
tively small matter of contention, that we seem
disposed to nurse up into continual occasion for
philippics and for reproaches. This is not the
right temper with which to regard the subject.
Crimination and recrimination is not the way to
strengthen our Union—that Union of brother-
hood, of good will, of cooperation for all great
national purposes, which our fathers formed.
I was gratified to hear comparisons made of the
mighty resources of the different sections of this
country. It was a proud exhibition. The honor-
ableSenatorfrom South Carolina [Mr. Hammonu]
gave us, in a very interesting and eloquent man-
ner, the mighty resources of the South. They
are beyond estimate—beyond calculation. This
is replied to byagentleman from theNorth, who
gives us the mighty resources and the mighty
power of the New England and the non-slave-
holding States. Well, sir, if the conclusion which
might be drawn from it was true, that each of
those sections would, by itself, make a mighty
country, and a country that any one of us might
be proud of, what a magnificent country is made •
when we put it all together ! What a magnificent j
abode for man, such as the Almighty never gave j
to any other people, and never placed on the sur- j
face of this earth!
It seems to me the most natural union in the
world—the South, with her great and her rich
productions, while the North abounds with inge- j
nuity, labor, mechanical skill, navigation, and I
commerce. The very diversity of our resources
is the natural cause of union between us. It would
not do for us all to make cotton, nor would it do
for us all to work in your manufactories. Nature
seems to have organized here this country, adapt-
ed to a union of people North and South. Na-
ture has given her sanction to the union. Nature
has traced that union, and you alone disturb it.
Gentlemen, you alone disturb it by making this
subject of slavery the cause of dissension. The
dissension has been kept up, though we but sel-
dom come to any practical question that calls upon
us to act on the subject. Now, if we were through*
with this petty Kansas affair, what a summer sea
of boundless expanse lies before us, where there
is nothing but repose! There is no other Territory
that you can dispute about in my lifetime, or the
lifetime of any man here. This is the last point
on which a controversy can probably be made.
We have gone through many difficulties on this
subject. Now we have reached the last of it, the
least of it. Let us settle this matter in peace; let
us settle it in good temper; and I see nothing he-
fore us but a long period of repose, and, I hope,
of mutual conciliation. Of one thing I am cer-
tain, that crimination and recrimination between
the North and the South, the getting up and main-
taming of sectional feeling, sectional passion, sec-
tional prejudice, can do no good to any section;
and there is not one Senator here who does not
recognize and feel all this as much as I do. I am
certain of it.
My vote on this subject, sir, has nothing sec-
tional in it. The only difficulty I have in voting
is, that this is regarded by some as a sectional
question; and I am on one side of that section,
and I am voting for the other side of it, if we di-
vide on it as a sectional question. Now, I do not
regard it as a sectional question. My allegiance
is not to any particular section. I do not want to
know any such thing as a section in my conduct
here. I want to be governed by a constitutional
spirit, and a constitutional and a just principle in
all I do, no matter whether it relates to the North
or to the South. I do not want to increase the
sectionality which exists in the country by plac-
ing myself or my vote upon it, so far as regards
this question. I want to wipe out that section-
alism. I wish that no one here would vote upon it
as a sectional question. I do not. I vote upon it as
a Senator of the United States of America. That
is my country, and my great country. The Con-
stitution of the United States intended to wipe
out all these lines of division and sectionalism.
It is we, we, that disturb our own Union. It is
we that make sections; it is we that make sec-
tional lines to divide and distract the country,
whose Constitution—whose present interest—
whose future hopes—all tend to unite us.
There are some doctrines which have been ad-
vanced here with which I disagree, and upon
which I will briefly express my views. Some gen-
tlemen have argued, and they have the authority
of the Presiden t to sustain them, that the Kansas-
Nebraska act gave all the authority that is usu-
ally conferred bywhatis called an enabling act on
the people of a Territory. I never considered it
so. I do not believe it is to be considered so. Some
gentlemen, on the other hand, maintain that, un-
der the Kansas-Nebraska act,the convention were
bound to submit the constitution to the people for
the popular suffrage; indeed, that it is therightof
the people to have every convention submit every
constitution to them. I do not agree to that doc-
trine. The people are too sovereign to be required
to do that. They can confer upon a convention .
the power to make a constitution that shall be good
without reference to any other power. The sov-
ereignty over theTerritory is in this Government.
It belongs to the people of the United States, one
and all. The people of the States own it; and
they are the real sovereigns of the Territory, and
we, as their representatives. They have no more
power in the Territory than we give. They have
no government but what we give. It is not in the
nature of things that theyshould have. All squat-
ter sovereignties, and sovereignties of all sorts,
vanish before the sovereignty of the people of the
United States.
ButthePresidentsays,in reference to this Kan-
j sas constitution, that although it contains a pro-
! vision that after 1864 a convention may be called
to change it, the people can, nevertheless, change
it before that time. That is to say, the people, by
their "irresistible" power, can at any time, not-
withstanding the provisions of their constitution
to the contrary, change it as they please. Sir,
the President of the United States is very high
authority, but it is, in my humble judgment, a
very dangerous doctrine and a very untrue one.
The people cannot bind themselves by a consti-
tution ! I thought that was one of the great vir-
tues and purposes of a constitution. We admit
them to be sovereign. Why cannot they make
what sort of a constitution they please? The con-
1 stitiuion which sovereignty makes, in all its parts
and m all its puiposes, must be the rule of con-
duct for all. It cannot be abolished, except in
the manner prescribed and pointed out in the con-
stitution itself, if any manner is prescribed.
If the President's doctrine on this subject be
true, what becomes of the Constitution of the
t United States' Instead of following the mode of
i amendment prescribed in the Constitution, the
j: people, by their 11 irresistible" power, may, in
| any other manner, at any time, change the whole
1, frame of out Government. There itfnot a State
