1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
the country could have done, less experience than
his predecessor, certainly; but this uill puts it in
his hands. It empowers him to make just such
contract as he deems for the interest of the coun-
try. The limitation is, that it shall not exceed
half a million dollars. He can make such a con-
tract as he shall find most advantageous to the
Government, after consulting the men in the coun-
try who desire to lay down these works. I take
it there are several companies perfectly willing to
do it. I have had several letters on the subject
since this bill was reported, from men who are
ready to come here and to go into a contest to se-
cure the laying down of this line. I take it the
Secretary of War, if he looks to the interests of
the country, if this bill should pass will make as
good a contract as he can make, as cheap a one
as he can. He certainly ought to do so in the
present condition of the Treasury. It places the
matter in his hands with this limitation, that the
erection of a line from the borders of Iowa or Mis-
souri to Salt Lake, a distance of about twelve hun-
dred miles, shall not exceed half a million dollars,
or if he builds it any portion of that distance, say
to Fort Laramie, six hundred and forty miles, it
shall only be in that proportion.
I shall vote for this bill. I know that it is one
>e propositions that
advantages to the i
certain advantages to the country. We do not
any of us know how long the Mormon difficulties
will continue. Should they continue for six or
twelve months, I take it there is not a man in the
Senate or the country who doubts that a tele-
graphic communication would be of great service
to the army and to the country; for it would pre-
sent to us the daily condition and wants of the
army, which it now takes days and weeks to give
us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should not
rise now to say a word in regard to this bill if I
were not a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, from which it has been reported. I was
very much opposed to the measure in committee.
Jt excited but very little discussion there, and it
is brought before the Senate without any very
strong impressions on its behalf in the committee.
I believe the agreement of the committee was, that
the bill should be reported for the action of the
Senate. The committee were equally divided in
opinion upon it, but assented that it might be
brought before the Senate, so that this body
should determine the question. That is the only
authority with which it comes before the Senate.
Itproposes to appropriate $500,000 for the making
of a contract that I think, according to the lan-
guage of the bill, has no limit. I have never
known such power proposed to be given to any
one man as the language of the bill we are now
asked to pass will give. I will read one or two
clauses, and then leave to the reflections of the
Senate to say what it does mean, and how far it
will go. The substitute presented by the Senator
from Massachusetts is more carefully guaided
and better prepared than the original bill, but 1
believe what may be said of the one may be verily
said of the other. The substitute provides:
Ll Th.lt the Secretary of War be, and lie is hereby, au-
thorized to contract lor the extension ami use ol an electric
telegraph, from the froimcia of iMissouu oi [ovva, to sue!l
military poats as lie may deem nectary for the public bcr-
viee."
I suppose we should conclude, and the Secre-
tary, in carrying out a provision of this kind,
would also conclude, that there should be but one
telegraph line established; yet I do not see that
that is plainly declared here, but there is no limit
to which, under the terms of this clause, he may
not go. He may stop at the first military post to
which the line goes, at the distance of ten miles,
or he may go on one hundred miles and stop there;
or he may go to the Salt Lake and stop there. He
is to commence the line anywhere upon the bor-
ders of Missouri or Iowa, at his discretion, ac-
cording to the representations that may be made
to him, I presume by interested parties, and prob-
ably by the same parties who now ask that this
appropriation shall be made, and this business
consigned to their care.
The line is to extend from the frontiers of Mis-
souri or Iowa " to such military posts as he may
deem necessary for the public service." There
are a great many military posts in every direc-
tion. It docs not say that, when he has com-
menced to run the line westward, he shall con-
tinue to run westward, but he may diverge in any
direction. It goes on to say:
" The said contract to provide for the management and
working of the said telegraph by private enterprise after the
necessity for the means of communication with the army
in Utah shall have ceased."
When he makes a contract for the construction
of the telegraph, he is to provide in the terms of
that contract, at a time when he will have had no
practical experience on the subject, when this ex-
periment will not have been tested, when the only
information he can receive will be from those in-
terested in the matter in some way, for allowing
them to do what they please with the line after
the necessity for its use for the connection with
the army in Utah shall have ceased. This is a
provision to be made at once by the Secretary,
who, I presume, is not better able to judge on this
subject than most men who reside in the eastern
States, and who know little or nothing of the wilds
of the West. I suppose, under the authority con-
tained in this clause, he may give away the line
to have it worked by private enterprise, or he may
do what has been done by Congress in regard to
the Memphis navy-yard—after spending a large
sum of money on a public work, give it away;
and the men who receive pay for constructing it
may take it afterwards, and charge what they
please; or he may do what is worse, make arrange-
ments by which the Government shall continue
to be the owner of it, and pay these parties for
any length of time, or annually, a fixed sum for
its use; and there is no limit upon the amount.
This is the unlimited character of the powers
which this bill proposes to give; and on reading
it, I do not see how there is any escape from the
conclusion that these powers were unquestiona-
bly confided to the Secretary of War. Ihe object
is to facilitate the operations of the army in Utah.
We are anxious to help the Administration to get
communications to and from Utah, on account of
the war, but we are scarcely willing to give them
a single regiment of troops to carry on the war.
This strikes me as a strange course of proceeding.
The bill goes further, and provides that the " tel-
egraph shall not cost more that $500,000 to Salt
Lake City, in the Territory of Utah." It does not
say that the Secretary shall run it so far; it does
not say, that when he has got there he shall stop;
but there is full power for him to go as far west,
or in any other direction, as he may choose to go
Ho may carry it to the military posts which we
have on the borders of the Pacific, and there is
nothing to arrest him. The only limitation is,
that it shall not cost more than $500,000 to get to
Utah. This power is not given to the present
Secretary of War merely, but to any one who
may occupy that Department. What is to pre-
vent him from giving a million of dollars more,
to construct a telegraphic line to San Francisco?
I should not be surprised if the delegation from
California were in favor of this bill.
Mr. GWIN. They are; or, at least, I am, as
one of them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. They ought to
be in favor of it; and if I were a representative
of the State of California, as the honoiable Sena-
tor is, I should be in favor of it; because this bill,
it seems to me, grants the power to extend it to
the Pacific. I have no idea that the present Sec-
retary of War would, under this bill, give to this
line that extension, but the power is contained in
the loose terms of the proposition which we are
now called on to pass. There are a great many
objections to it, but as I really do not believe that
the Senate has any serious notion of passing this
bill, I will not consume time further m debating
it.
Mr. BRODERICK. It is very evident, Mr.
President, from the debate on this bill, that it will
not receive many votes in the Senate; but that
consideration shall not determine my course in
regard to it. The Senator from Massachusetts
has presented this case, I think, very well to the
Senate; and I was somewhat surprised to hear the
Senator fiom Georgia attack the proposition in
the manner he did. Now, sir, the Senator from
Arkansas has told the Senate that the Secretary
of War can extend this line to the Pacific. That
is what I want him to do. I vote for this bill, be-
cause it is to construct a telegraph half the way
to California.
But, sir, I am surprised to hear Senators object
to the amount of money proposed to be appro-
priated for the construction of this line of tele-
graph, when there are men about the hotels of
Washington city boasting that they have made
contracts with the Government, out of which they
will realize a million and a half of dollars. And
for what? To fight the Mormons.
Mr. President, I am satisfied that a large ma-
jority of the Senate consider this appropriation a
wild and extravagant one, and that no good will
ever result to the country from it. Why, sir, this
Government last year made a large appropriation
to construct a telegraphic line between the United
States and Europe, and a vessel of war left here
but a very few months since for the purpose of
laying down the telegraphic wire between New-
foundland and the coast of Ireland. Now, sir,
California is a very important part of thisUnion.
It may not be considered very important now, but
I think it will be in a very few years, because the
people of California are not disposed to remain
quiet from year to year, begging at Congress to
give them a telegraphic or railway communica-
tion with their brethren of the Atlantic slope. 1
shall vote for this bill as a step in that direction.
I think it appropriates a very small amount of
money for such a great purpose. It is but §500,000,
and the Secretary of War will have power to make
a contractfor §100,000 or $150,000, if he can find
any one who will undertake to lay a telegraphic
wire between our western frontier and Utah for
that sum. I hope we shall have the yeas, and
nays on this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this prop-
osition to establish a telegraphic communication
with Utah I believe is not questioned upon the
ground of its constitutionality. It may be de-
fended either as a war measure or as a postal
measure. It is objected that the war with Utah is
not to last for any length of time, and if the tele-
graph should be established it would be of no use
to the Government. For myself, sir, for one, I
do not as yet admit that a war actually exists be-
tween the Government of the United States and
the Mormons; I hope that no such war will really
be begun in earnest; but if such a war is begun,
from all the knowledge I have of the character of
that people, it will be no war of months—it will
be a war of years before it is ended. I have hoped,
therefore, that the time would not come when there
would be an actual collision of arms between the
troops of the United States and thatmost extraor-
dinary people denominated the Mormons. From
their position, their numbers, their character, their
warlike disposition,their fanaticism, their declared
war against our institutions, and against all the
people of the earth whom they denominate Gen-
tiles, if the war is to begin it will be no child's
play. They are surrounded by fortifications such
as no human ingenuity ever yet has devised, sur-
rounded by those mountains which are almost im-
passable; and the war, if it is to go on, will be a
war which will cost us much more than the war
with Billy Bowlegs and his companions in the
swamps of Florida.
But, sir, if such a thing is to exist, if this Gov-
ernment is to act upon the ground that war is to
be carried on with Utah, in my opinion, in car-
rying on the war with Utah, nothing can be more
economical, or save more money or more lives to
the Government of the United States, than the
establishment of the speediest and most instan-
taneous communication between the seat of Gov-
ernment and the scat of war. It may be that the
bill which has been introduced here is defective in
many respects. It may be that it is not definite
enough; that it is not so specific in relation to the
cost of this telegraph line as it ought to be. It
may be that sufficient estimates have not been
made to show how cheaply this line may be con-
structed, to satisfy the Senate to vote for the ap-
propriation at the present time. But, sir, if this
could be laid over, or sent to a committee, if it
could be examined and investigated, and careful
estimates made, in my opinion it would be found,
that if we are to have a war with the Mormons,
this telegraph line will be one of the cheapest and
most economical of all the instruments that can
be used in carrying on the war.
Gentlemen inquire of what use is a telegraph
line in the management of armies, and in carrying
on a warfare ? Sir, is it not a fact, that the war
before Sebastopol, which, perhaps, goes beyond
anything in this age, was actually carried on and
the movements of the troops directed by magnetic
