476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
tdate it for the purpose of making speeches in
committee. The gentleman from Virginia knows
this very well, and I hope he will withdraw his
question of order.
The Chair will have the rule governing the sub-
ject read.
The 33d rule was then read, as follows:
"33. Wherfuvo or more menibnrs happen to rise at
once, the Speaker shall name the member who is first to
speak.1'
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. Now the ques-
tion of order I raise, is, that I addressed the Chair
before the gentleman from Ohio, and am there-
fore entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Under this rule I hold that it
has been the uniform practice of the House for
the Speaker to assign the floor to whomsoever he
sees fit. This has been the ruling in the House,
and in committee. While I would like to hear
my friend from Virginia upon the subject under
discussion, I cannot go with him in reversing the
practice and rule of the committee.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the gentleman to give
way for a moment and allow me to submit a
proposition to the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If I am entitled to
the floor l desire to know it.
Mr. LETCHER. I am upon the floor. I first
addressed the Chair, and the Chair should have
recognized me.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I call the gentle-
man from Virginia to order.
Mr. LETCU ER. I am certainly upon the floor
upon my appeal, and 1 mean to have a vote upon
it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Virginia is out of order.
Mr. LETGHElt. Have not I the right to take
an appeal ?
Thu CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to appeal from the decision of the Chair; but
the appeal is not debatable.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order
—that an appeal cannot be taken from the decis-
ion of (lie Chair upon such a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
miration of order of 1 be gentleman from Georgia.
The gentleman from Virginia has, in the opinion
of the Chair, the right to take an appeal.
Mr. SE VVAR1J. 1 insist that the gentleman
has no right to take an appeal, and that the Chair
should not entertain the appeal.
The CHAIliMAN. The Chair overrules the
question oforder.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of nider. The gentleman from North
Carolina has not the floor to make that motion,
and cannot obt.un it without the consent of thu
gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield for that purpose?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No, sir. I give
way for nothing hut the question uf order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does tli c gentleman from
Virgi nia insist upon his appeal?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do msist; and before the
vote is taken, 1 nsk the Chair to state whether T
was not the first to address him? [Loud cries of
ii Order !" and confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairwillbeallowcd,
as it is his privilege, to moke a statement. The
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia involves a question of {'act which the
committee is to decide, in awarding the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio, the Chair acted hon-
estly, according to the best of his judgment. Ho
assigns the floor Jo the gentleman from Ohio;
and from this decision the gentleman from Vir-
ginia takes an appeal.
Mr, LETCHER. Do I understand (he Chair
to state that he saw the gentleman ftom Ohio
fiiPt r
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so stated.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I withdraw my ap-
peal.
Mr. NICHOLS. I now ask the consent of my
colleague to submit a proposition to the commit-
tee m reference to the extension of time for this
debate to proceed. [Cries of "Order!" "You
can't do that!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the extension of time is a subject over which this
committee has no control. The gentleman-from
Ohio has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN", of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, it
is with some reluctance that I rise to speak to a
question not now directly before the House. But,
sir, as I know that the Lecompton constitution
will soon be presented, and that an earnest effort
will be made to admit Kansas into the Union as
a State under it, I avail myself, for the first time,
of the laxity of the rules in the committee, to state
my opinions upon that subject. Another reason
why I engage in thisdebate is, that I have received
from the Governor of Ohio the resolutions of the
Legislature of that State, requesting me, as one of
the Representatives, " to vote against the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union under the Lecomp-
ton, or any other constitution, that has not pro-
ceeded from the people by a clear delegation of
power to the convention to form and putin opera-
tion such constitution, without a further sanction
of the people, or which has not been submitted
to, and approved by, a vote of the people."
This request is entirely consistent with my sense
of duty, with the wishes of the Republican party,
and the general sentiment of the people of my
native State. It is said to be the product of a
Democratic caucus; at any rate, it received the
unanimous vote of the Democratic members of
the Ohio Legislature. Although I seldom speak
for that party, or act with it, and owe it no alle-
giance, yet, m this case, it will give me great
pleasure to comply with the request.
There have been so many irritating incidents
connected with Kansas from its organization as
a Territory, that it is difficult to discuss any ques-
tion relating to it with duo moderation and tem-
per. We have been compelled, as legislators,
again and again to examine the disgraceful events
which compose its history. Though these were
for a time disputed, few among us would risk their
reputation by doing so now. The irritation of the
past is increased, rather than diminished, by the
application now made to admit Kansas into the
Union as a slave State, against the recent vote
and the known will of a large majority of her
people.
This application comes to us with the sanction
of tin; President, and it is our duty to examine it
with the attention its importance demands. The
Constitution of the United States gives to Con-
gross, and to Congress alone, the power to admit
new States. The only qualifications to this gen-
eral power is, that no new State shall be formed
within the jurisdiction of any other State, nor
by the junction of two or more States or parts of
States, without the consent of the Legislatures
of the States concerned, a« well as of Congress.
This provision of the Constitution is the only one
that referscxclusively to the power to admit new
States. That which guaranties to every State a
icpubhcan form of government applies to the old
States as well as the new; and, therefore, if any
of the old States should so radically change their
tttafe constitution as to adopt other than a repub-
lican form of government, the guarantee would
require the mteifercncc of the United States. It
is but a part of that section which secures all the
States against invasion and domestic violence.
Ah agamstthe old States it could only bo enforced
by military power; but as against a State apply-
ing foradmission it would be enforced simply by
refusing the application. It does not limit the
general power to admit new States; but is one of
many reasons which, if true, would justify Con-
gress 10 refuse the application.
The geneial power to admit new States is in-
dispensably necessary in our system of govern-
ment. The frame rs of the Constitution wisely
considered that it might bo trusted to Congress
as the direct representative of the States and the
people. It is a power that never has been abused.
Under it eighteen States have already been ad-
mitted: and the Old Thirteen have, by peaceful
constitutional prngie-ss, extended the national
jurisdiction and institutions over thirty-one sister
States, extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and from the St. Croix to the Rio Del Norte.
And, sir, during this peaceful progress, no par-
ticular forms have been imposed upon the new
States. The application need not come from the
territorial government; it need not be authorized
by a previous enablingactof Congress. It is only
necessary that it emanate from the people of the
new States; that it embody their will; is presented
with their sanction and approval; and is republi-
can in form This simple principle was stated by
Mr. Buchanan in the Senate of the United States,
in 1835:
" It has been our practice heretofore to treat our infant
Temtoues with parental care, to nurse them with kindness, ,
and when they had attained the age of manhood, to admit
them into the family without requiring ftom them a rigid
adherence to forms. The great questions fo t o decided are:
Do they contain a sufficient population ? Have tkey adapted
a republican constitution? And are they willing to enter
the Union upon the terms which wo propose ? If so, all the
preliminary proceedings have been considered but mere
foinis , which we have waived in repeated instances. They
are but the scaffolding of the building, which is of no fur-
ther use after the edifice is complete. We have pursued
this course m regard to Tennessee, to Arkansas, and even
to Michigan."
Such, sir, were the opinions of the President
twenty-three years ago; and I propose now to
examine how far these precepts have been applied
to Kansas. Has she been treated with parental
care? Has she been nursed with kindness? Have -
her people adopted this constitution ? Are we
asked to waive forms and technicalities, and com-
ply only with the will of her people? Sir, these
questions embrace the whole merits of the propo-
sition before us, and their true answer will show
how great a wrong we are called upon by the
President to perpetrate.
And here, at the outset, I will state the radical'
difference between those with whom I act and that
portion of the Democratic party who, with us,
oppose this constitution. They insist that the ter-
ritorial government established by Congress was •
subverted with fraud and violence; that the so-
called first Legislative Assembly was a usurpa-
tion, which no recognition could cure—one which
it was a patriotic duty of the people to resist and
overthrow, peaceably if they could, forcibly if
they must, and which, in fact, has been practi-
cally overthrown; that the convention was a mere
emanation from the usurpation, and, therefore,
not entitled to any consideration whatever. On
the other hand, those who agree with the dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
recognize the convention as a legal body, and base
their opposition to the constitution wholly upon
the refusal of the convention to submit the consti-
tution foavote of the people. Sir, I admire the bold-
ness and ability shown by that Senator in main-
taining his position. I can appreciate the indignant
earnestness with which he seeks to defend the act
of which he is the author. He has placed himself
in the breach, and has risked his reputation and
hopes in the future by the effort to secure to the
people of Kansas a fair vote upon the adoption ofa
constitution. He has portiayed in striking colors
the fraud and special pleading by which a reck-
less cabal in the Territory, aided by the President,
seek to establish a constitution, in utter disregard
of the will of the people. For this 1 admire him,
and the country has given him the full measure
of praise. But, sir, we cannot forget that he was
the leading spirit in the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, the cause of all the strife that fol-
lowed; that when the territorial government was
usurped by means of armed invasions, he ex-
cused, palliated, and defended them; that when
the people of the Territory complained of fraud
and outrage, he met them with denial, or, when
that became impossible, with sneers and ridicule.
All the reckless acts of the administration of Pres-
ident Pierce found m him their ablest defender; it
was his influence that secured the election of Pres-
ident Buchanan; it was his opposition in the Senate
that procured the defeatoftheactsofthelastHouse
( of Representatives, intended to secure to the people
of Kansas their admitted rights. Even after it was
shown that the faction whose acts he had main-
tained could command less than eighteen hundred
votes in favor of members ofa constitutional con-
vention, after more than half the counties in the
Territory were entirely disfranchised—he still
maintained their authority. It was not until this
faction was overthrown, m October last, that the
Senator recurred to what he now declares to be the
fundamental principles of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, Hint the will of the people shall govern. We will
not stop to inquire why, through so many years of
misrule and violence, this principle was held in
abeyance; why it was not applied when Missouri
furnished the legislators and voters of Kansas;
why the Army of the United States was necessary
to restrain it? This theory was proclaimed in
1854 to excuse the repeal of the Missouri compro-
