1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587
I have no doubt, from an examination of the case
as it is now being examined by the Department,
that when they fully understand it they will pay
them the $400, which sum pays the commission-
ers, men of high intelligence, men of high integ-
rity, about a dollar and a quarter a day for the
services which they gave on that occasion. I do
not think that is a very extraordinary case, or one
which would justify the lugging of my name into
this debate.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say to the Senator
from Louisiana, that in bringing this subject be-
fore the Senate, I had no desire to cast any reflec-
tion upon the gentlemen who fill these positions,
for f have not the honor of their personal ac-
quaintance. I saw, Mr. President, that in the
House of Representatives there was a very earn-
est debate upon a proposition to appropriate
$350,000 for the custom-house at New Orleans.
In looking into the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, I saw the return made that one of those
gentlemen who acted as disbursing agent received
thirty-two dollars a day, the other sixteen dollars.
I made that statement. The Senator from Louis-
iana corrected me. I find that the Senator from
Louisiana was right, as I had no doubt he was
•when he did correct me. I was led into error by
the statement of the Secretary himself. Here it
is plainly stated.
Wow, sir, I wish to say in regard to this amend-
ment, that I have moved it without any personal
feeling. If it had been in any other portion of the
country I should have made it. I think it un-
necessary, for the money that we distribute in
that quarter, that we should pay §9,000 annually
to two disbursing agents. I think the collector
can perform that duty without any difficulty; and
as he receives a large compensation, I think he
may do it without any addition. I will say to the
Senator that I cannot accept his amendment. I
do not know that it is not in itself fair, and I will
make no opposition to it in this special case. I
find, however, that at Charleston, South Caro-
lina, where we propose to appropriate §300,000
by this bill, the collector of that port has a smaller
salary, I think, than the e.ollector at New Or-
leans, and is disbursing agent, and receives only
§400 for it.
However, the Senator says he is in favor of
the amendment, and is ready to go as far as I will
go, or any of us on this side of the Chamber, for
economy. I am glad to hear it. 1 am free to say
I intend to point out all the cases I can that I
think will save money, and to vote for all that are
pointed out, come from what source they may. It
so happens that I. have no abuses to advocate, hav-
ing never in modern times belonged to a " healthy
political organization." I have no abuses of any
of the parties for the last dozen years to defend
here; for I happen to belong to a party that never
had the privilege of bestowing any of the patron-
age of the Federal Government.
Mr. GREEN. And I hope never may.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow this mallei to pass over for a
moment, so that I can put my hand on the amend-
ment I intend to offer?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. I take this occasion to say
that I am happy to be informed I misapprehended
the tenor of the remarks made by the Senator
from Maine some days ago. I thought that lie
had joined the Senator from Massachusetts in his
denunciation of what he was pleased to call abuses
of the Government. I merely wish to say that
he tells me I mistook him, and of course I with-
draw what I said on that subject.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to move the recon-
sideration of a vote taken two days ago, which,
unless it is entered now, cannot be considered. It
was a vote that was tnken here on an amendment
to confine the. PostOffice advertising to one paper
in the city of Washington. 1 desire to move a
reconsideration of the amendment. I voted for it.
Mr. HALE. 1 think we should cut them all
off.
Mr. CAMERON. I think not. I make my
motion, that it may be eiiteied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator refer to an amendment to this bill ?
Mr. CAMER.ON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office to propose
an amendment with a view to keep up the present
clerical force in the Patent Office unless there
should be a general act passed upon that subject
during the present session. I am informed that
the falling off of business has so crippled tho re-
sources of that establishment, that they have been
compelled to reduce the clerical force, and have
done so as far as they could, and it is necessary
to make a small appropriation to supply the de-
ficiency that they may keep the regular order of
business going on. I suppose there will be no
objection to the amendment. I consulted with the
Secretary of the Interior, and he said the amount
proposed in it would be ample. If we should pass
a general law this session on the subject, u is
provided that it shall not take effectatall. 1 hope
we shall do it before wc get through. The amend-
ment is to add, at the end of the first section :
For payment of expenses in administering the patent
laws, or so much thereof as may be necessary to provide
for maintaining the same clerical force which is now em-
ployed in tiic Patent Oiiiec, $20,000: Provided, That this
provision shall not take effect if a general law upon the sub-
ject of patents and the Patent Office shall be passed at the
present session of Congre&s.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Florida
[Mr. YuleeJ moved an amendment which, as it
was in the nature of legislation, it seems was
voted down, to raise the fees so as to enable the
Patent Office to support itself. Now, sir, I should
prefer the amendment of the Senator from Florida
to this one. This is designed to put this office
upon the Treasury, and to begin with an appro-
priation of $30,000 to support the clerks. I shall
vote against this amendment, and if the Senator
from Florida should renew the one he before
offered, I will vote for it. He can renew it m
the Senate. I think it much safer and better to
raise the fees and make it self-sustaining than to '
begin by quartering it on the Treasury. j
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not going to debate j
this matter, but it is reported from that Depart- |
ment that there is a great falling off in the receipts ;
of the Patpnt Office. Everyone knows that there \
is a general prostration of the mcchanical busi- j
ness of the country, and because there is such a j
prostration of business the Senator from Virginia t
proposes to tax these mechan ics,who invent seme- !
thing extraordinary, in order to make up for the 1
losses the Department sustain this year. This is ;
a mere temporary appropriation for a single year, j
If we pass the general bill giving patentees an :
opportunity to have greater facilities for the trans- ]
action of business, I should consent to raise the j
fees. The committee have reported a bill for that
purpose; but tho Senator from Virginia wants us
to raise the fees without giving any of the facili-
ties that the bill provided for transacting the
business and keep up then* expenses the same as
if they had not raised the fees. I do not think
it is always best to tax the laborers for every-
thing, for their misfortunes as well as their in-
ventions.
Mr. YULEE. As I stated the other day, one j
or the other of these amendments is mdispens- i
able. Wc must either make an appropriation to (
enable the office to maintain its organization, or j
we must increase the fees to enable it to furnish i
the means. I will state, upon the authority of the i
Commissioner of Patents, that there are now va- 1
cant the places of several examiners, assistant ex- j
aminers,and clerks. These vacancies have been i
made and continued in consequence of the defi- *
ciency of means to pay salaries. The effect of j
that, as he states in a note to me, is that the busi-
ness of the office cannot be executed with the dis- j
patch necessary to the interests of applicants for s
patents. A further discharge of clerks will be i
necessary unless some relief shall be afforded by t
the legislation of this session, either by an appro- i
priation or an increase of fees that will enable j
them to support themselves. I had despaiied of j
the possibility of passing, at this session, or, if it j
passed through this House, ofits passage through 1
the other, of the general bill to which the Senator I
alludes. I have no hope of it at all now. A few \
days only remain of the session; and very few of ]
the appropriation bills have been acted upon. I j
hope, therefore, that the Senate will either adopt j
the amendment proposed by the Senator from >
Rhode Island,or permit me now to substitute for
it the amendment I proposed the other day, and
which I offered at the instance of the conimittcc.
Is it practicable to do so r
Mr. HALE. If I mistake not, when the Sen-
ator from Florida was speaking the other day as
chairman of the Committee on Patents, he stated
the deficiency then to be something like three or
four thousand dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. It turns out to be more.
Mr. HALE. And the Senator from Rhode
Island objected to the amendment that he offered ,
inasmuch as it proposed to raise over thirty thou-
sand dollars to supply a deficiency of $3,000.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will allow me to
say to him that that $3,000 deficiency was for a
part of the year reported by the Secretary of the
Interior, and was derived from his report. Since
then 1 learn the deficiency has increased to $15,000,
and will go on increasing,unless some change is
made in the character of the fees.
Mr. HALE. I am inclined to think there is
something rotten in the management there. I re-
member that, when the subject was up the other
day, something was said about "amending the
tariff; it was said—I thought very justly—that it
would not do to regulate our duties—it was the
Senator from Virginia who said it-—on imports
by the experience of tho past year, which was a
year of great revulsion, and that we ought to leave
them to themselves until next year; that it would
be an unsafe system to undertake to raise the rev-
enue upon the business of the last year. I sup-
pose tho same philosophy will apply to the Patent
Office that will apply to custom-houses; and I
think the best way is to leave the Patent Office as
it is. I think tftat one reason why—no, I will not
say I think so—but I have had my doubts whether
one great reason of business falling off is riot that
political considerations have influenced the ap-
pointment and the turning out of Commissioners
there, and the appointment of examiners confess-
edly without the qualifications necessary for the
office. I maybe mistaken about it; and, if lam,
I will take it all back when satisfied of it; but I
understand that the last Commissioner, who was
a most faithful, intelligent, and efficient officer,
had to give way because he wanted to administer
it as a Patent, instead of a political office. He
would not consent to be made a tool of, and turn
out the best examiners, and put in politicians who
knew nothing but politics in their place; and, be-
cause he would not do that, he had to walk the
plank. The result is found in the present condi-
tion of the Patent Office. These arc my opinions
and T am unwilling to give them another dollar,
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not going to waste my
strength in defending the Patent Office. I have
never heard of any complaints of the character of
which tho Senator from New Hampshire speaks.
I do not suppose I hear these political complaints
as much as he docs. I was told by the Secretary
of the Interior, and by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, that there was a deficiency in that office. I
objected the other day to a partial revision of the *
patent laws, by increasing the fees, and refusing *
a return of a portion of the money, which now
takes place, under a severe pressure of business
m moneyed affairs. I found that my views were
agreed to by the Senate, and that amendment was
rejected. 1 was perfectly willing, if gentlemen
pass the bill which will make it a self-sustaining
establishment, to make a temporary appropriation A
that should keep up the present force, and that is
all that can be done. If $20,000 is not required,
it cannot bo spent under the provisions of tiiis
amendment; and if we should succeed in passing
the general bill, none of the money will be expend-
ed. If the Senate wants to embarrass the Patent
Office, it can do so.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have now got the amend-
ment that I leferred to a few moments ago in re-
lation to disbursing officers. I move to amend the
amendment of the^Scnator from Massachusetts,
by striking out from the words "public works'*
to the words" and provided further,"and insert
Such compeneation, not exceeding one fourth of one pe?
cent, a-: the Secretary of tho Treasury may deem equitable
and just.
So that the amendment will read:
Jlnd be it further evaded, That the collectors of customs
in the scveial collection districts, be. and th'-y are heicby,
and hereafter, required to act as Ui^buinnu agents for the
payment of nil moneys that aie, oi may hm -\ifter, be appro-
priated for tiie eonstiuetionofcu^tom-hntwe:-, <-ourt-he-UoT';,
po.st offices, marine hospital-, and other pubhe works, f=ueh
compensation, notcveccduiir one fourth of ono pe  cent.,
ai ihe Sceieuiy of the Ttea'otny may deem equitable and
/
