1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
would know whether to send the troops or not, ]
and if you were to have no controversy you would
not send them. You would know what descrip-
tion of troops he needed; you would know what
supplies he required; and that is wherein, if you
are to have any hostilities, this instrument would
be so valuable. Therefore, 1 have been amazed
to hear a number of gentlemen ask the question
what benefit it would be to us to have a telegraph
from hereto Colonel Johnston's camp. Why, sir,
we should know what Colonel Johnston wants,
and we should be able to avoid sending what he
does not want, at a vast expense; and it is too com-
monly the fault of commissaries and quartermas-
ters to take a vast amount of public property that
is of no use, far off, to be destroyed, because they
set out upon the idea that everything, perhaps,
may be required, and everything must be taken.
It is the vagueness of the bill that has given
me all the trouble. I say with the Senator from
Arkansas, I do not know where the Secretary of
War is going to take this wire. He may take it
to every Indian post all over the country. If so,
I am against it; but I am in favor of this telegraph
being built to Fort Laramie, and as quickly as
possible.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Ohio will al-
low me to ask him if the bill does not limit the
amount that shall be expended ?
Mr. PUGH. I do not know. That point I am
willing to have investigated and examined.
Mr. POLK. It does, I believe.
Several Senators. It is limited to $500,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The limitation
is only that it shall not exceed $500,000 to Salt
Lake City. It does not say that it shall stop theie.
He may go westward, and lay a submarine tele-
graph to China, under the powers granted by this
measure.
Mr. PUGH. It came with very good grace, I
admit, from my friend from Arkansas to oppose
this bill; but, when I heard the Senator from
Maine, I was lost in astonishment. Did we not
have the submarine telegraph bill here the last
session? That was a proposition to lay down
three thousand miles of telegraph from here to
Europe; and what for? We had no soldiers at
the other end of it. On what pretext was that
scheme of plunder put through Congress? Tiiat
once in five years we might want to send a dis-
patch to some foreign minister! Like the boy
who put salt on his plate, so that he might be
ready if anybody asked him to eat an egg, [laugh-
ter,] we laid down a telegraphic wire lest we might
have occasion to send a dispatch; and we were
to pay so much a year for twenty-five years irrev-
ocably. The Senator from Maine could see no
constitutional difficulty, no objection to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any consti-
tutional difficulty in this.
Mr. PUGEI. Well, he could see no financial
difficulty. It was voted. It came from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, as if
we were going to have post offices and post roads
under water from here to Europe. It passed, and
we have sent out our ships. We have been at it
a year or two, until they broke the wire.
Now, sir, as to a telegraphic communication to
the Pacific, if it can be made, and made in the
cheapest manner possible, I am in favor of it. I
do not want to pay for all of it, but I am willing
to pay for a reasonable share. I am willing to
pay for whatever will be valuable to us for com-
municating intelligence in time of war. There-
fore, my object in rising is to say there is ten hun-
dred times more merit in this proposition than
there was in the submarine telegraph bill whieli
was carried triumphantly through both Houses;
but I am in favor of its being committed or laid
over to amend it, so that while we shall not as-
sume the whole responsibility of this work, we
may offer some fair advantages to persons who
will consent to make it all the way to California,
or part of the way, and that we shall give them,
so far as it traverses the territories of the United .
States, the right of way and a reasonable sum for
the use of it, so long as we may require it. I hope
the bill will lie over, for I am very much afraid
that if it comes to a vote now it will be defeated
and we shall get no benefit from it; and as the
Committee on Military Affairs is equally divided,
I submit to the Senator from Massachusetts that
he let the hill lie over.
Mr. WILSON. I propose, Mr. President, to
let the bill go over for several days for these rea-
sons; In the first place, I want the bill made as
perfect as man can make it. I am willing that
any limitations shall be placed upon it that the
ingenuity of man can put upon it to protect the
Government. In the next place, as we have been
called upon for estimates, I think that within a
few days we can ascertain all the facts bearing
upon the case. I would like to have the question
go over, and I make the motion that it be post-
poned for a week from this day, at one o'clock.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senate will not
postpone this bill. It has been upon the table now
for a week or ten days, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has been trying to get the floor every
day for the purpose of taking it up. If this bill
can be perfected, let it be perfected now. It gives
the power, I understand, to the Secretary of War
to construct a telegraphic communication between
the Missouri river and Salt Lake. If any Sena-
tor has any objection to giving the power to the
Secretary of War, let it be given to the President
of the United States, or to any other member of
the Cabinet. The appropriation is limited to
$500,000; it cannot exceed that sum one dollar;
I see no necessity, therefore, for referring this bill
to any committee. If the Senate is disposed to
vote it down, let the vote be taken at once; if
Senators are disposed to pass the bill, they can
signify it by their votes.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to ask the Senator who reported this bill
if he can inform me what time it will take to
execute the contract for this telegraph, at least to
the post now occupied by Colonel Johnston ?
Mr. WILSON. The parties who petition for
this line say they can build it from Fort Leaven-
worth, orany point on the Missouri river, to con-
nect with Colonel Johnston's camp, which is one
thousand and fifty miles, in one hundred days. I
think a bargain can be made with them, and they
can redeem the pledge, that they will make this
connection in one hundred days. I wish to say,
while I am up, that, as there is objection to the
form of the bill, I think the Senator from Cali-
fornia had better agree to let the matter go over,
say until Thursday, at one o'clock. Give us time
to put the bill in shape, and to ascertain some facts
more than we have got now in regard to it, and I
do not despair of carrying it.
Mr. IVERSON. I am opposed to this bill, in
any shape in which it can be presented. I do not
believe it can be presented with any guards in
which it would meet my approbation, and I think
that is the temper and opinion of the Senate. In
order to obviate any further consumption of time,
1 think it proper the Senate should have a test
vote on the question, and, if I am in order, I
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until the first Monday of next Decem-
ber. If that motion prevail, the Senate is op-
posed to the bill; and if not, it can be postponed
for a few days.
Mr. BRODERICK and Mr. WILSON called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope, Mr. President, we
shall not agree to this motion. If the proposition
is to be voted down, let us do it directly. I do
not approve of this left-handed way of disposing
of questions. Those in favor of the measure had
better meet it fairly and squarely.
Mr. IVEUSON. I put it as a test question.
Mr. CAM ERON. I think that is not the better
way of gutting at it. Let us have the question
before us at once. To my nund it seems that this
proposition is a good one for the country.
The gentlemen on the opposite side tell us there
is a war in Utah. If so, m my opinion, it is a
blundering war; and I think it was a mistake to
make that war, and I believe it will result in dis-
grace to the country; but if the war is to be car-
ried on, let us give to the Government every fa-
cility for carrying it on properly and efficiently.
Nothing can add more to the efficiency of the prog-
ress of this wrar than a telegraphic line, which will
give us daily communication with the army, and
by means of which we can know every day what
supplies and reinforcements are necessary for the
purpose of maintaining and preserving that army.
Only the other day the deficiency bill was passed
in the other House appropriating in one item
$5,-400,000 forsupplies already contracted for this
war. That is a very formidable sum, Mr. Pres-
dent, which is calculated to give the impression
that there either is, or is soon to be, a war. If
there is to be a war, it seems to me the Govern-
ment should have this telegraphic line.
In addition to that, as has been very wisely
said, when we get the telegraphic communication
to Utah, more than half the distance between the
Atlantic and the Pacific will be overcome. Every-
body who is desirous of keeping California and
the Pacific slope as a portion of the Union, ought
to be anxious to make some communication with
that distant country—that valuable portion of
our Union—which will add to the desire of the
people there to remain a part of us.
It seems to me there is every reason why we
ought to vote for this bill; and if it is to be dis-
posed of at once, I am desirous, at all events, of
seeing those who are willing to vote for it directly,
and those who are disposed to vote against it di-
rectly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Bright, Clay, Coligmer,
Cnttemlen, Dixon, Durkeo, Evans, Fe t>enden, Fitzpatrick,
Foot, Foster, Green, Hale, Hammond, Henderson, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jver^on, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs,
and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark,Doolittlo, Douglas, Harlan, Jones, King, Polk, Pugh,
Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Wade, and Wilson—17.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doora
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 13,1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Hon. Samuel Caruthers, a member from the
seventh congressional district of the State of Mis-
souri, appeared and qualified, by taking the oath
to support the Constitution.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had,
on the 7th instant, approved and signed a bill (H.
R. No. 313) to provide for the organization of a
regiment of mounted volunteers for the defense of
the frontier of Texas, and to authorize the Pres-
ident to call into the service of the United States
two additional regiments of volunteers; and also
a message in writing.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message, was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate have passed the following
bills; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (S. No. 162) for the relief of John L.
Allen and Asa R. Carter;
An act (S. No. 208) for the relief of Fabius
Stanley;
An act (S. No. 248) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Luthei' Jewell, late collector of
the district of Portland and Falmouth, in the State
of Maine; and
An act (S. No. 218) to amend or define the act
of July 29, 1850, entitled "An act providing for
recording the conveyances of vessels, and for other
purposes."
Also, that the Senate insist upon their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 161) for the admis-
sion of the State of Kansas into the Union, and
ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the same; and that Mr. Green, «
Mr. Hunter, and Mr. Seward be the commit- \
tee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to give notice
that, at'one o'clock to-morrow, I shall ask the
House to take up and dispose of the bill for the
admission of Kansas.
"WASHINGTON AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. GOODE. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
