478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
making thirty six companies in the whole, and comprisinga
force of about two thousand men. I cannot anticipate a
state of things which can reuder a greater force than this
necessary to the assertion of the supremacy of the law in
Kansas.5'
Thusit appears that the usurpation, commenced
by the invasion of March 30, 1855, was reduced
to utter imbecility, except so far as it was sus-
tained by the military power.
It only remains to record its final overthrow. It
had sought to perpetuate its power by appointing
the local officers—sheriffs, clerks, justices,<&c.
But by the organic law the House was elected for
one year, and the Council for two yeais. In vio-
lation of law this time had been extended, prac-
tically, for near three years. The Council elected
?n March, 1855, held over until October, 1857 ;
so that, during all this period, the rights secured
to the people by the organic law were suspended.
The election in October, 1857, was the first mo-
ment they could resume their rights without an
open resistance to United States troops. But so
bitter was the hostility of the people to the usurp-
ation that they feared their voting might be con-
strued into some kind of an acknowledgment of
its legality. Rather than make this, even by
inference, they would have put in force the To-
peka constitution. But they were relieved from
any appearance of yielding by the authoritative
declaration of Governor Walker, in Ins speech,
made at Topeka in June, 1857:
"In October next, not under the act of the Tenitorial
Legiflatuie, but under the Jaws of Congress, you—the whole
people of Kansas—have a light to elect a Delegate to Con-
gress, and to elect a Territorial Legislature."
It is true that Governor Walker subsequently
attempted to qualify this language by inserting
the important word "only,'' so that it would
read: "In October next, not only under," &c.
This was a mere evasion. The people claimcd
no right under the legislative enactments, but de-
nied their legality. The act of Congress gave
them a right to elect a Legislature; and the only
laws of the Territory they recognized were the
Constitution of the United States and the acts of
Congress. Their position was entirely consistent
with the formal proclamation ofGovernor Walker,
of September 10, 185^, in which he says:
ik The people of Kansas have now, therefore, an oppor-
tunity, in confonmty with the Constitution of the United
Btates, the organic act oj Congn-is, and the laws of tins
Terriuny. to decide, by the elective fianchisc, the choice
of their delegate to Congress, their Territorial Legislatuie,
and all their county officers."
The question of voting at the October election
was fully considered by conventions of the people,
at all of which the authority of the Legislature was
denied.
Thus, at a convention of the people, held at
Topeka, on the 15th of July, 1857, the following
resolution was adopted:
" Whereas, Governor Walker, in his speech at Topeka,
as reported m the' Kansas Statesman,' oi June 9, holds the
following language: 4 hi October next, not under the act
of the late Teiruorial Legislature, but under the laws of
•Congress, you, the whole people of Kansas, have a right to
elect a Delegate to Congress and to elect a Terntoual Le-
gislature:' and whereas, Governor Walker has on vauous
occasions used similar language, ami whcieas, under the
above decision,' the whole people of Kaunas' may partici-
pate in an election for Delegate lor Congress and toi mem-
bers of the Territorial Legislature without lecogi^zmg the
validity oi a bo<ru* Legislature imposed upon them by fraud
and hy lorce: Therefoie rewired—
" X. That we recommend to the people of Kansas that
they assemble in mass convention at Grasshopper Falls on
the last Wednesday in August, to take such action as may
be necessary  vith regaul to that election."
The delegate and mass conventions, held at
Grasshopper Falls on the 26th of August, in pur-
suance of this call, passed the following resolu-
tions:
" Whereas, it is of the most vital impoitance to the peo-
ple Oi Kansas, that the terntonal government should be
eontiolled by the bona fvh citizens theieof: and whcieas.
Governor Walker has repeatedly pledged himself that the
people of Kansas shall have a mil and fair v  te at the elee-
lon to be held on the tirst Monday in October, for Delegate
to Congress, members of the Territorial Legislature, and
other offieeis: Therefoie,
" Resolved, That we, the people of Kansas, in ina^s con-
vention assembled- agiee to participate m ?.;ud election.
" llooive(1, Thai in thus acting, v, e leh-upon the r.ufhful i
fulfillment of the pledge ot Governoi VWilkei, and that we, !
as heretofore, piou-iht against the eiiuctnieuts loiced upon j
us by the vote^ of the people of ATis-nuii
•'Kcijfm/, That this m:us meeting e<pre^s thoh unal- j
terable detcumnatjon to adhere to the Topeka constitufon j
and government, and that all oui action shall be pointed j
toward setting that government m motion m a legitimate j
manner at an early date." j
Such was the position of the people, maintained '
without compromise or concession. I need not
repeat the results of the election. It is sufficient to
say that the usurpation was entirely overthrown.
The faction that had so long ruled the Territory,
could command but two thousand five hundred
votes; about one half of the invading force from
Missouri, in March, 1855. But true to its in-
stincts, it sought to control the elections, by frauds
at Kickapoo, Oxford, and McGee, of the most
shameless character. At Kickapoo, near one
thousand votes were voted, and but a small portion
were legal. From Oxford, an insignificant village
in Johnson county, sixteen hundred and twenty-
eight votes were returned; the names were copied
in alphabetical order from aCincinnati Directory,
and include the names of many well known citi-
zens of the State of Ohio, and among the rest that
of the Governor of Ohio. The county of John-
son is part of an Indian reserve not open for set-
tlement; I crossed it in 1856, and did not see a
white man in it, except those traveling on the
road. Judse Cato, in his letter to Governor
Geary, of October 29, 1856, says:
"Johnson county has not as yet had a sufficient white
population to make either a gtand or petit jury, and no busi-
ness requiring ajuiy iias been done in that county."
And yet, in October, 1857, more votes were re-
turned from a single precinct in it than were cast
in Leavenworth or Lawrence. Governor Walker
and Secretary Stanton, who had overlooked this
important city with so large a voting population,
describe a visit to it in their proclamation to
the people of Kansas, of the date of October 19,
1857:
" Accordingly, we went to the precinct of Oxford, (which
is a village with six houses, including stores, and without
a tavern.} and ascertained from the citizens of that vicinity,
and especially those of the handsome adjacent village of
New Santa F6, m Missouri, (sepiuated only hy a street, and
containing about twenty houses,) that altogether not more
than one tenth the number of pei.sons represented to have
voted were present on the two days of the election, much
the smallci number, not exceeding thuty or foity, being
present on the last day, when moie than fifteen bundled
votes are repiesentedas having been given. The people of
Oxtord, as a ell aMho--e ot the neighboimg village of jSama
I'"e, wcie astounded at the magnitude of the leturn ; and
all persons, of all paities, in both places, tieated the whole
atlan with denton oi indignation, not having heaid the
alleged lesult until seveuil days after it had occuried."
And yet upon these spurious, fictitious, and
fraudulent returns, the convention whose action
we are called upon to indorse, base their appor-
tionment for members of a State Legislature.
From the county of McGee returns were sent in
containing more than twelve hundred votes. This,
also, was an Indian reserve, with a sparse popu-
lation, giving in June last but fourteen votes. It
was an unorganized county, attached for civil pur-
poses to the county of Bourbon.
It was by such moans the usurping faction in
Kansas sought to continue their power; but it was
all m vain. A Legislative Assembly, fairly rep-
resenting the people of Kansas, now wields all
legislative power, and is now engaged in extir-
pating all traces of the usurpation.
And now, sir, whei. popular sovereignty is for
the first tune practically in force m Kansas, the
President calls upon us to superseded by a device
of the, usurpation. We are asked to invest the
very faction thus defeated and overthrown by the
people, with the power of a State government based
upon the action of the bogus Legislature, and
upon the subsequent frauds. The legislation of
the people is to be defeated by the direct interven-
tion o( Confess. We are asked to sanction all the
frauds and violence of the past. Sir, heretofore
this intervention has been confined to the execu-
tive and judicial departments of the Government.
It was the Executive power that removed succes-
sive Governors whetipver they exhibited a spark
of sympathy with the people of Kansas. Itisthat
power which has imposed upon them Calhoun,
Emery, Lecompt, Cato, Cllarkson, Murphy, and
id genus omne. But now the intervention of Con-
gress is asked to force an organic law upon the
people against their will. '
Sir, you teil us you want peace; that you are
tired of Kansas; want time'to devote to other
great interests of the country. Well, sir, we
take you at your word. Give us peace: leave
Kansas alone to the enjoyment of that liberty for
which she has struggled so long and so well. Let
us take no further thought of her, but leave
her to herseif. But, sir, while you cry, " Peace!
Peace!" you thrust upon her an organic law,
which she rejects, and you compel her to resort to
revolution to overthrow it. While you cry peace,
you station armies all over her prairies to over-
awe her people; and what is worse to a free peo-
ple, you force laws upon her which she rejects
and detests. And, sir, this odious tyranny is
sustained by a system of technical pleading wor-
thy of the age of Littleton or Coke, when gov-
ernment was based upon the maxim "that the
king can do no wrong." Let us examine it.
The President at the outset assumes two prop-
ositions, neither of which is correct. The first is,
that the Legislative Assembly is a valid one; the
second is, that withoutexpress authority of Con-
gress, it may call a convention, and through it
bind the people to a constitution not submitted to
them. Here, sir, is no reference to the people; no
reference to their inalienable rights. The doctrine
of estoppel is thrust in their face, and they are
required to look to the Territorial Legislature as
the source, the origin, the exclusive possessor of
all their rights.
The legality of the Territorial Legislature i3
based not upon the authority of the people, but
exclusively upon the allegation that Congress had
recognized it as valid. This allegation is thus
stated in the letter of the President to the Con-
necticut clergymen:
" It is quite true that a controversy had previously arisen
respecting the validity of the ejection of members of tho
Territorial Legisiatuie and of the laws passed by them;
but at the time X entered upon my official duties. Congress
had recognized tliis Legislature in different enactments.''
Now, sir, I deny that Congress has ever recog-
nized the legality of this Legislature; and am sur-
prised that such an assumption was made by the
President.
That President Pierce recognized that Legis-
lature, and sought to enforce their enactments
with United States troops, is admitted; but it will
be as readily admitted that the President cannot
make laws, or impose laws by recognition upon
the people of Kansas. I admit that the Senate
recognized that Legislature at the same time that
many of its leading members, including the pres-
ent Secretary of State, denounced their acts as
infamous. But, sir, the Representatives of the peo-
ple in this House never recognized it as a valid
one; and as this is an important allegation, I in-
vite the attention of the House to the action of
the House during the last Congress.
The attention of the House was early drawn to
this subject. Under a resolution of the House,
adopted on the 19th of March, 1856, a committee
was sent to Kansas especially charged to exam-
ine " in regard to any fraud or force attempted or
practiced in reference to any of the elections which
have taken place in said Territory, either under
the law organizing said Territory, or under any
pretended law which maybe alleged to have taken
effect therein since." Upon the report of this
committee, the bill to admit Kansas as a Stats
under the Topeka constitution, already referred
to, and which was based upon the position that
the acts of the Legislative Assembly were null and
void, passed this House. On the 27th of July,
1856, this House, by the decided vote of 88 yeas
to 74 nays, passed the bill, commonly known as
Dunn's bill, which denied the validity of the Le-
gislature; declared their acts void; provided for
the dismissal of all prosecutions under them; and
forbid any prosecution for any violation or disre-
gard of the enactments of that body at any time.
This was the deliberate judgment of the House
and was afterwards constantly adhered to. The
House, by a great number of votes, refused to
make any appropriation for the compensation and
mileage of this Legislative Assembly. This was
done on the 14th of August, 185G, by the vote of
90 yeas to 97 nays, and was persisted in until the
Senate yielded, and the appropriation for that pur-
pose was stricken from the legislative appropria-
tion bill. I defy gentlemen to point me out any
law, anywhere, by which the last Congress au-
thorized the payment of money to the first Kan-
sas Legislature. It is true that, in the last session,
in the bill making appropriations for the ordinary
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the vear ending June 30, 1858,
the ordinary appropriation was made for the ex-
penses of the Kansas Legislature; but, sir, this
money could not be used, without a clear violation
of law, to pay the expenses of the bogus Legis-
lature. The appropriation was expressly for the
