)NAL"GL6B]
V
jt^st: A nd provided further, That whjpre there;is no collec-
tor at the place of location of any public work, the super-
intendent of such public work shall aet as disbursing agent
without any additional compensation thereforj and all laws
and parts, of laws inconsistent with this section be, and the
same aie hereby, repealed.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended,"was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Will it be in
order for me to .move to strike out frorrf line two
hundred andjhirty-one to line two hundred and
forty, being the appropriation for the completion
of the Washington aqueduct?
# The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator would be in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is a
great deal of talk here about economy, and cur-
tailing public expenditures, and the necessity of
appropriations merely for the continuance of
works', to.prevent the dilapidation of works al-
ready commenced, and all that. If you will ex-
amine this bill, you will find that from line two
hundred and thirty-one to line two hundred and
forty, there is an appropriation of $1,000,000 for
the completion of the aqueduct, to bring water to
Washington city. I do not intend to make a
speech; but the engineer—Mr. Meigs, 1 believe
he is commonly called—told me the other day,
before our committee, that of the whole amount
of water to be brought into tins city by the con-
struction of the aqueduct, the Government would
not require more than one fifth or one tenth of it
for its purposes. Its cost will amount to some
four or six millions by the time it is completed.
I,want to know where is the great necessity for
the construction of this work at this particular
period? The Treasury is bankrupt; we are bor-
rowing money in-order to meet the necessary
expenses of the Government; and yet here is a
simple proposition to appropriate $1,000,000 to
bring water to Washington city. The trover-
nment docs not need one tenth of the water in-
tended to be brought by the aqueduct, and if it
should not be brought atall, we should still have
plenty of water here to supply all the wants of
the Government.
In addition to that, in the construction of our
buildings here, we appropriate large sums and
pay extravagant prices to make them all fire-proof;
and after, we have constructed them and made
them fire-proof, it seems we must expend six or
eight or ten million dollars to bring water into
the city to preserve them fiom destruction by fire !
So far as the consumption of water is concerned,
for ordinary purposes, there is plenty of it here.
As this is a time to retrench, as (he Treasury is
bankrupt and we are borrowing money and pay-
ing six per cent, on it, it seems to me that this
expenditure mrglit be gotten clear of. I therefore
i move to strike it out of the bill. I have no idea
that the motion will be agreed to—none in the
world; but I want to make a record on it; and I
am in hopes that those gentlemen who are for it,
and who intend to continue it, will have the moral
courage to give us the yeas and nays upon my
motion, if they intend to sustain it in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee |
to strike out the following clause:
" For the completion of the Washington aqueduct,
$800.000; and in addition thereto, so much of the appiopria-
lion of$250,000' for payingcxistingiiabiluiesfoi the Wash-
ington aqueduct,and pres>eivjngrhe woik already done iroio
injury,5 contained ni the act entitled 'An actmakiugappio-
pnauons for ceitain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th June, 1857,' appiovcd 18th August,
1856, as may not be requned for &axri pui poses."
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think there is a more
abused word in the English languagethan " econ-
omy. " I can scarcely imagine a greater abuse
of the word than that which is now applied.
Whether Congress should have undertaken to
make an aqueduct or not, is a question which
mighthave led to long argument.- Thatquestion,
however, is closed. They have progressed so far
in the completion of the aqueduct, that to stop
"where they are would certainly be the worst econ-
omy in the world. They had better complete it, if
they Were going to sell the work, than stop where
they are. They have progressed by sections,
which are useless as they stand, but will be very
useful if completed. The water will certainly be
in excess over what is wanted for public builtl-
ings^ After the water is.introduced, if the Gov-
June f,
ernment choose to make a speculation out of*lt,
I suppose they can sell it to the uses of the cities
6f Washington and Georgetown, and that it will
J?e a very good speculation in that form.
Nor do I think that the only purpose for which
water may be introduced is the extinguishment
of fire and the supply of the public buildings.
The health and comfort of members of Congress,
and of other employes of the Government, is .to
be considered. The health of this city, as it is
now built up, requires a large amount of water,
and underground drainage, and sewers, in order
that we may not be subjected to such diseases as
visited one of the hotels last year. It is useless,
however, to argue the policy or the propriety of
stoppingthe work on the aqueduct now. It is a
thing which the Government undertook to do, and
with which the Senator from Tennessee, like my-
self, had no connection. The question is now
whether we shall complete the work which has
progressed too far for us to stop.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Sometimes the
construction of terms is brought about by very
different considerations. If the term "economy"
is abused in the sense in which I use it, I might
be censured for the use of that term. I think it
would be economy here to-night for the Govern-
ment to abandon this work, and throw away
every dollar it has expended upon it. After it
has expended this $1,000,000 in the completion
of the work, there will still be a continued expense
in keeping it up, and keeping this city supplied
with water. The idea of the Federal Government
dealing out water to those who may wantit, with
a view of making a profit on it, is rather Utopian
to my mind. It seems to mc there is no economy in
that construction of the term. The idea of the Gov-
ernment erecting water-works and selling water
out to the different cities, with a view of making
money! Did this Government ever commence
a speculation of that kind but what resulted in
total loss of the expenditure ? Can there be a sin-
gle instance found ? The idea of the Government
speculating m water-works and making a profit-
able investment, seems to me to be a very strange |
notion of economy. My own honest conviction 1
here to-night is, that it would be better for the
Government to abandon this whole concern. It
will take a long time before the pipes rot; they
would not decay much while the Treasury is ex-
hausted and we are talking about the revenues;
the aqueduct is constructed of brick and substan-
tial material that will not rot. We might suspend
the work upon it for a short time, until we see
what the receipts into the Treasury amount to;
and whether it will be necessary to increase the
taxes on the people to carry on the Government.
I do not think, if we were to suspend it until that
could be ascertained, that it would cause any great
delay or any great expendituie. I believe it
would be profitable, and the-safest investment for
the Government, to, appropriate a certain amount
of money to get clear of the whole work, and au-
thorize it to be sold. If we had been so disposed,
it would have been very easy for us to have con- '
strucfed machinery somewhere on the Potomap,
of sufficient capability to supply all the water the
Government might want. Such a work could
have been constructed and kept up for one tenth
or one twentieth, or perhaps one thirtieth, the
amount the present plan will cost.
Sir, this appropriation is not based on the in-
terests of the Government, but on the conveni-
ence and wants of the people of Georgetown and '
Washington. Wo might as well talk about the [
thing seriously. What amount of water do we !
need here? Is it necessary to construct water;
works, to cost some six or eight or ten million !
dollars before they aie finished, to supply the Gov- !
ernment with what water it wants about the pub- i
lie buildings in Washington city? Can anybody 1
think so? While we are talking about economy, j
while the Government is m great straits, while j
we are talking about half a dozen wars with all j
the southern Republics, and Great Britain thrown ;
in, (which, by the by, has heretofore been con- j
sidered a nation of some importance,) while we ■
are borrowing $35,000,000, while the receipts are 11
falling off, the people complaining, the expendi- ;j
tures of the Government, still increasing—yet,
when it is proposed to cut off a simple item of a :
million dollars for water-works, the stoppage of :j
which can injure nobody, and especially the Gov-jj
ernment, itis said, " oh, this is not Che place; that
is a bad notion of*economy.M I refer to this, not
with any feelings of personal ui*kindness; and the
Senator from Mississippi knows it. It is a mere
difference in construction. He thinks that to
strike out this item would be an abuse of the term
economy." Now, it seems to me that we could
get clear of that single clause of a million dollars.
That is something. If we should cut down a
million dollars here, and five hundred thousand
dollars somewhere else, and two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars somewhere else, and if we
should go on at that rate, in a short time we can
bring down the expenditures of this Government
within the receipts under the operation of the
present tariff.
While I am up, I will call attention to another
item which has been reported by the Committee
on Finance:
" For continuing the grading and planting with trees the
unimproved poitions of tile Mail; §10,000."
That ia a very great work of necessity, is it
not' I want to know whether the Senate referred
that subject to the Committee on Finance ? The
question was considered here to-day whether a
committee had any authority to report anything;
to the Senate, unless the subject-matter was first
referred by the Senate to the committee. When
did the Senate refer the question of the improve-
ment of the Mail to the Committee on Finance?
Here are $10,000 appropriated for continuing the
grading and planting of trees on the Mall. How
long has the Mall been in its present condition ?
Very nearly since God Almighty created the globe.
It has, at least, been in that condition very nearly
since this Government commenced; and now, all
at once, we have got into a great strait forgrading
and planting trees, and continuing the improve-
ment of the Mall. This is the way we are going
along with economy and retrenchment!
Well, sir, here is another little item. I know
the Senator from Mississippi and myself will not
agree upon that, for he offered an amendment,
the other day, to make it $1,100,000 instead of
$750,000:
" For the United States Capitol extension, $750,000."
That is a work of great necessity, is it not?
With three wars in prospect, Great Britain to
come along in the lead, the Treasury exhausted,
your tariff too low, here are $750,000 appropri-
ated for the extension of the Capitol. We have
expended a large sum already upon that extension.
In this connection, I will say that I would vote
more cheerfully this night for an appropriation of
money to pull down these extensions and haul
them away, than 1 would vote for a single dollar
to continue them. Look at that-old Hall of the
Representatives, which comports with ourancient
notions of republican simplicity, plainness, and
grandeur; compare it with that new. Hall which
you have constructed, and how does it compare?
I expect, for convenience of the times, that we
shall have to convert that old Hall—a represent-
ation of the fathers of the country—into a grocery,
or make a saloon of it, or something of the kind.
There is that-Hall lying waste which would have
answered the purposes of this Government, and
which corresponded, too, with our notions of re-
publican simplicity, for the next one hundred
years. By a little remodeling and taking out
some of these partition walls, this Senate Chamber
could have been made capacious enough to have
contained everybody that (fesired to witness and
hear what was transpiring in the Senate Cham-
ber. But there arc a set of cormorants, contract-
ors, stock-jobbers—I will not stop there—plun-
derers of the Federal Treasury, that hang around,
and can make programmes, and draughts, and
drawings, and all that description of things, and
who appeal to members—Senators and Represent-
atives—to do this and do that by way of maintain-
ing the national dignity and character. You must
do something in the way of sculpture, something
in the way of architecture, something in the way
of magnificent buildings, to keep up our import-
ance and maintain our character abroad, so that
they can obtain jobs, contracts,speculations, and
make employment out of the Government, and
swindle it of thousands, from which no real good
can result.
Look at that new Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and then recall the description given
of it by my distinguished friend on my left,
[Mr. Houston,} in his remarks on the subject
the other day. He was speaking about the god-
