1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2589
(less of Liberty. I did not know he was such a
critic before. I do not make any pretensions of
that sort, but it struck me with some force that
he was a critic. He was speaking about the un-
natural attitude and the position of the figure in-
tended to represent the goddess of Liberty. He
disclaimed, however, very gallantly, taking any
undue liberties with the goddess; but his criti-
cism, I thought, was merited upon all the gor-
geous gilt thrown about the new Chambers, that
it does not comport with our character and dig-
nity as a free people. We talk about republi-
can simplicity. Our public buildings should be
ejected upon a plan that should combine utility,
while, at the same time, consulting appearance,
to some extent.
Here are three appropriations, of $1,000,000
for water-works; $10,000 for the Mall—a work
of groat necessity—and £750,(300 for the extension
of the Capitol. Let me ask every Senator here,
and every one that hears me, docs the Govern-
ment need the expenditure of this money now?
Would it not be better, coming up to the s'trict
meaning of the term " economy," so far as that is
concerned, to dispense with these extensions, to
omit this improvement of the Mall, and let the
water-works go where they may, or pay some-
thing to get clear of them, than continue them,
and make these appropriations at the present time?
But even if we ate disposed to continue these
works, would it not be prudent and judicious to
suspend them for the piesent, until we can see
what receipts will be in the Treasury under the
operation of the reduced tariff? If we go on
making these heavy appropriations, the atgument
will come in upon us, with tcntold force, to in-
crease the tariff, and make the duties higher. We
know tins will be so.
We now see that the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment have i un up to £75,000,000. Lot me soy
to Democrats, Know Nothings, and Black Re-
publicans, in the Senate Chamber of the United
States, to-night, if the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment aie not arrested, in 1SG0 the party that
stands by and maintains them will bejun over
by the same irresistible avalanche that swept over
the country in 1840. 1 am no prophet, nor the
son of a prophet; but if these things are not
arrested, like causes will produce like effects;
and I tell you, when agitation ceases m thecoun-
tiy, m reference to Kansas and negroes South
and ncgi oc-s Noitli, and the public mind can be
brought to consider these vast expenditures of the
Fedeial Government, the party that stands by
them and maintains tliem will be run over wuh
an irresistible current, in 1660. I intend, so far
as I am concerned, that my skiits shall be clear
of these unnecessary, extravagant, and profligate
appropriations of the peopie'smjtiey by the Fed-
eral Government. I believe them to be so. I^uo
not intend to be personal to anybody; but 1 be-
lieve them to be so; I know them to be so. Ilere,
then, a;e three little items, by the striking out of
which, we can bung down the expenditures of
this Government over a million and three quar-
ters of dollars. When it is proposed to do so,
however, we are told this is not the place for re-
trenchment; these works should go on; we are
committed to them. You may even go into the
States and find works for which the Government
have commenced unnecessary appropriations; but
if there is an attempt made to discontinue them,
you are told the woik lias been commenced, and
you must not stop it, or you will lose all that
which has been done. Nine times out of ten, ir.
would be better to lose it and go no furtner with
the thin:*. Here we luive commenced the erec-
tion of water-works. Do not&top that. ^Oh,no;
that must go on. Then we come to the Mall, and
propose to°strike out that item, and ilwiil not do
to stop that. You come to tiie appropriation for
the extension of the Capitol, and it will not do to
apply retrenchment there.
If you propose to reduceorstiikeoutany of the
appiopnations for these impiovcmcnts, you will
have to meet the aigument—I have been expect-
in°- it for some time—here are a great many men
employed, and they will be turned out of employ-
ment if the proposition should be agreed to. The
more statement of the argument shows you where
we are driving and tending, that the Govern-
ment must make improvt ments in the shape ot
extensions of the Capitol, or tnc adornment of
the Mall, or the erection of water-works, or the
construction of a harbor, or something else—and
for what? To give employment to the people—
the most dangerous doctrine that ever was sus-
tained in any government: that the Government
must be the undertaker, that the Government
must be the giver out of jobs for the sake of giv-
ing employment to the great mass of the people !
The theory is wrong. Why do I say so? You
are making the people look to the Government
for employment; and just in proportion as you
make the people dependent on the Government,
the Government controls the people, instead of the
people controllingthoGovernment. Let tho Gov-
ernment be dependent on the people, and let the
people fall back on their own resources, on their
own avocations, and not look to the Government
of the United States, or even to the Suite govern-
ments, for employment; for just in proportion as
the people look here for employment, and become
dependent on the Government, State or Federal,
for employment, in the very same pioportion
they cease to be freemen; the Government becomes
paramount and the people inferior.
But we will be met here, as we are met m every
attempt of this kind to reduce our expenditures,
by the plea that this is not the place. Oh, no;
do not touch tha.tappropnu.tion. When we come
along to another item, and piopose to reduce that,
that is not the place; do not touch that. You come
along to another appropriation, and propose to
reduce that, and you are told, do not toudi that;
it isnottheplace to reform. Mr. President, where
is th° place? Has anybody ever yet found out
! the right place ? If you happen to find the right
j place, the next argument yon are met with is, that
j this is not the time to retrench. The term is un-
■ meaning. We alona; in time of peace, but that
1 is not the time, that is not the place, and that is
! not the occasion. When war breaks out, and w<-
i talk about r< tienohment, it is said it is no tim<"  to
, tjiik about retrenchment m time of war Well,
when will it come? It is not the time of peace,
; it is not the proper time in war. I wish we could
■ get an interval between peace and war, to sec if
1 that would be the time. 1 do not think the time
; willevercome. Itnever will come until the voice
: of the people comes in upon the Congress of the
, United States, and speaks to them iu unmi6>t<nka-
' ble language what their feelings and tht.r sen-
■ timcnts are on this subject. I move tliat fiom
, line two hundied and thirty-one down to two hun-
i dred and forty be stricken our, and then I shall
j move that these two other propositions be sti icken
out:orI would preft r that the vote should be tjken
1 on all to^ethei, if it would suit, to save time.
| Mr. DAVIS. I feel som . what gratified that
i the Senator has announced to us that he is not a
prophet, and 1 hope his prophecy, so far as he
i has made it, will not be veiifled; that the fate of
! the Demoeiaey docs not hang on the reduction
' of annual expenses. I re] y on the good sense of
; tlie people when they examine the grofs amount
I expended, and inquire, also, for what purpose it
i was done I hold' an Administration responsible
1 that wastes a dollar: I applaud the Admimstra-
1 tion that judiciously expends $100,000,000—the
I more the better, if the country is made richer by
J the expenditures.
i The Senator also announces thathis skills will
i be clear when tne sad reckoning which he < x-
I pects in 1800 arii\es. 1 hope better for the De-
mocracy yet, than that we have reu;'vd the con-
dition he speaks of. 1 have no lea-- of that ci usu-
ing out. I have no fear, if the AdminisLation
disburse the appropriations hone&tly, and show
returns for every disburs ment v, onhy of the
amount, that the people have not jadjimm.t enough
to discriminate between that and the simple cry
of so many dollars.
1 concur heartily with the Senator in his re-
marks against making the Government of the
United States thegieat almoner of the people.
I concur with him entirely, that we should not
undertake works and make appropriations to
give employment to the people; that the Govern-
ment is but the agent of the people, not to give,
but to receive. It struck me somewhat curiously,
in connection with an argument which the Sen-
ator made recently, that whilst he was striking
so fiercely at the very idea (though 3 do not know
that anybody over announced it) that the Gov-
ernment should give v/oik to the people, he luid
himself, for many hours together, harangued the
:! Senate to show that the Government ought to
give land to the people. What is the difference
in pi inr ipie ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Neither the
Senator, nor anybody else, ever heard me ha-
rangue the Senate for hours, to give land to the
people. I have harangued the Senate and the
country to permit the people to take that which
is theirs.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a very nice distinction.
I thought the Government was the trustee for the
disposition of the public land, and that it was a
part of that revenue which supplied the wants'of
the Government. I suppose he might as well say
the Treasury belonged to the people, and that
money should be distributed from the Treasury.
What is the difference? The Tieasury does be-
long to the people as much as the land; and if the
Government were to give employment to do work,
and should have something left, it would be just
that much better than dividing the Treasury—just
thai much better than giving away land.
There is one thing, however, Mr. President, I
am in favor of giving away; and that is water, and
advising the people to drink it puie, to take it sim-
ple. 1 am m favor of washing the streets of the
metropolis of the nation; and though I would do
nothing simply on that point of national pride that
should elovaie us to a fair comparison with any
other country, I am not without the sentiment.
1 do jrlory in seeing my country advance in every-
thing beyond all others. 1 do glory m seeing her
capital sui rounded by monuments of art thatsiiow
how far our generation has progressed.
But this seems to be a point at which the Sen-
ator is startled in connection with that which he
speaks of us the extension of the Capitol. Now,
1 do not know that anybody proposes to extend
the Capitol anv further than the p«esent wings.
It is the completion of the buildings which are
commenced. One wing uheady has received the
: Mouse of Representatives; the other is not prc-
[ paied to receive the Senate. This money is to
' complete those wiwrs to receive the committees;
' to receive the Senate, and give those accommoda-
■ tions which experience has shown the House and
! the Seucite both u-qnue. He puts the Senator
fiom Texas in awrong position. His cinicism—
■ though I do not clunk itat all just—was not in re-
lation to the panning of the House of Represent-
atives. He nr\er mistook the jnldmg for the god-
1 dess of Liberty. The Senator is too good a critic
, for that. He did find a female statue. It was that
■ which he was describing, aftd not the gilding of
the House of Representatives.
I But the Senator fiom Tennessee is struck with
the architectural and artistic display in the House
' of Repiesentatives, and he iefers to the oid Hah.
; That oid Hall is in a much higher style of archi-
I lecture than the new. It was the embellishment
of that old Hall, in us columns, breaking the
sound, that gave back echoes, which rendoied it
i useless for legislative purposes. The old Hall
was made for beautv, the new Hall for use. That
i is the difference. The old Hall was made so
beautiful, filled with dead points, or foci, that it
i was impossible to hear, all over the Hall, any
: speaker m any position lie could occupy. These
facts are familiar to the Senator, for he served in
that Hall. It mteifetcd with the dehb( rations;
it affected legislation; it was input ious to the whole
country; it was felt by every member of the
House. The constant solicitation was for some
change of the Hall that would fi< it for hearing and
speaking; and despairing of that, they used the
, only ri medv that was possible—the construction
of a new one. it is true, you may suspend the
■work. Both wings are covered in. They would
not be injured by suspension ^o far. The vast
material that is collected around here, and which %
lis intended, however, to complete these wings,
would suffer, and it would be liable to injury, and
: at last you would have the amount to spend in-
creased by having interrupted the progress of the
work. Now, 1 do not see the economy of that.
But to take the other branch of the Senator's prop-
osition, to tear down the wings and haul them
away—would that be economy/ That would in-
volve expense. 1 see no view iu which it strikes
my mind. The Senator aptly says, however, that
we view the same thing m different lights. There
is no view, however, that 1 am abh to take of the
subject, whieh bungs either of his propositions
within the just meaning of economy, unless it be
to stop planting those few trees on the Mall.
