2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
Mr. IVERSON. I do not rise to make a speech,
but simply to state a fact of which the Senate may
not be apprised, and which may have some in-
fluence upon the decision of this question. Two
years ago, the House of Representatives refused
to appropriate money for the prosecution of the
work upon the aqueduct. After a contestbetween
the two Houses, §250,000 was appropriated sim-
ply to preserve the work already clone. The con-
sequence was, that the contracts which had been
entered into by the superintendent had to be ab-
rogated or suspended; and at this session of Con-
gress, claims have been presented by those con-
tractors demanding very large damages from the
(government for the injury which they sustained
on account of the suspension of their contracts.
Those cases have been referred to the Committee
on Claims, of which I am a member, and they are |
now under consideration. We have notyet suf- i
ficiently looked into them to know whether they i
are founded in law or in equity; but at any rate, |
they are presented, and'probably they are only
a beginning of a large number that may be pre-
sented hereafter. Now, if you refuse this appro-
priation, what will be the result? I understand
contracts have been entered into y the superin-
tendent to complete the whole of *is work, from
one end of the line to the other, m anticipation,
probably, of an appropriation being marie. If,
therefore, this proposition of the Senator from
Tennessee prevail, and this appropriation be not
made,we mustlook, of course, forapplications for
damages, amounting, perhaps, to quite as much
as the appropriation itself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think the
Senator from Mississippi misunderstood what I
said in reference to the Senator from Texas. I
understood the remarks ofthcSenatorfromTexas
to bo made in reference to the new Sen-ate Hall,
and I thought I so stated. It was not my inten-
tion to locate his criticism, but as 1 understood it
I rather approved it. I pretend not to understand
anythingabout sculpture or paintings, or the con-
struction of halls; I do not pretend to have any 1
taste for matters of that kind. If I come into a
splendid hail, and look at it, I can tell whether it
strikes me as of proper dimensions, and as being
properly constructed, taken as a whole. There is
something m it that pleases or displeases me. I
confess that, when I went into the new Hall of
the House of Representatives, itdid not strike me j
as being so imposing, and of a style of architect- 1
ure so well adapted to the American character, as |
the old Elall of Representatives. |
Mr. DAVIS. It is not as beautiful as the old t
Hall. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The old Hall ,
is not guady: tiicie are about it no unnecessary I
flourishes in quilding and painting; but there is a ;
grandeur, a dignity, a republican simplicity about .
it, with which the new structure cannot at all ;
compare. I do not care whether you call it beauty i
or not. I think it is much better adapted to our j
character. I know an objection was made that !
it was difficult to hear the Speaker when he was
putting a question in the old Hall, and that it was
difficult to hear members who were addressing the j
House; but it seems to me that the same means i
which have been resorted to in the new Hall to j
prevent that could have been applied as a remedy j
m the old Hall. The structure of the ceiling might .
have been altered, and in that way a remedy ap-
plied. He that as it may, however, I do not think
the reply of the Senator from Mississippi, on that
point, has much to do with the remarks I made
as to what had been said by the Senator from
Texas.
The Senator from Mississippi seems to admit ■
that there is one item of the bill to which I object
that might be stricken out—the $10,000 for the
improvement of the Mall. 1 infer from his re- j
marks, though he did not say so expressly, that ;
he thinks that is not necessary. He is, however, j
in favor of giving the citizens of Washington, and ,
those persons who visit Washington, plenty of*j
water—good, pure water, unadulterated, un- '
mixed. Well, sir, if he were to pass a law of that
character, and appropriate ten times the cost of
the water-works to complete them, with a dis-
tinct understanding that the water is not to be
adulterated, this city, and the comers to it, would
vote down such a proposition at once, for pure
water is the last thing they want. [Laughter.]
That is not the article they desire, if that was
to be the result of the completion of these water-
works, the people of Washington would come
here en masse, at least two thirds or three fourths
of them, and three fourths of all the visitors here,
and protest most zealously, earnestly, and em-
phatically, against the passage of any such law
that would give them water without dilution. So,
I do not think there is much in that portion of the
argument.
But, in reply to what I said as to the Govern-
ment giving employment to the people, the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi wants to know
if the Government might not as well give employ-
ment to its citizens as give them land. Let me ask
him how much the expenditure of $10,000 for the
Mall, $750,000 for the Capitol extension, and
§1,000,000 for the Washington aqueduct, will add
to the productive capacity, or to the revenue, of the
country ? Do they bring one cent into the Treas-
ury of the United States? Do they add anything
to the productive capacity of the country ? You
may give a man employment on the work; you
may pay him for days and months and years,
while he labors on it; but he appropriates what
he gets from the Government to his own support,
and does not add anything to the production of
the country. So far as he is concerned, I have no
objection to the benefit done to him; my objection
is on other grounds.
But, here is an indirect attack upon the home-
stead policy. The Senator speaks of it as giving
away land. 1 do not admit that proposition.
You have a large amount of public domain—fif-
teen hundred million acres—that has been ac-
quired by the blood and treasure of the nation.
To whom does it belong ? The Federal Govern-
ment, it is true, holds it in trust forthe groat mass
of the people; and the proposition of the home-
stead bill is not to give land away, but to permit
the head of a family to settle upon and take a part
of that which is his, and for which he or his an-
cestors, or some connected with him, shed their
blood and expended their money. Yes, sir; and
many of them were with my honored friend on
the Held of battle. I prize him much higher when
I call,him Colonel Davis than Senator Davis, for
the brightest and most imperishable laurels that
encircle his brow were won under the appella-
tion of Colonel. Many of those gallant men
who, in Mexico, fought the battles of their coun-
try by his side, now sleep in a foreign grave.
The result of that war was a large acquisition of
territory. That domain was acquired by the Uni-
ted States as a consequence of their bravery, their
patriotism, and their valor, in the battle-field with
him. When I piopose that the descendants of
those men may go upon, settle, and occupy, a
part of that which was won by the blood and the
valor of their fathers, live upon it, and cultivate it,
so as to make a support for their wives and their
children, I am told that I propose to give away
the public property; that these men are here ask-
ing charities in land. No, sir; they do not ask
you to give them anything; but I demand, in the
name of their valor, their blood, their patriotism,
and their suffering widows and children, that you
let them go and take that which belong* to them,
which is the price of their blood and tieasure.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow inc to
ask him a question?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. If the public lands belong to
the people, why do not the people take them
without any authority of law? I understand the
Senator to say that he has not asked that the land
should be given to the people—lands to the land-
less, and homes to the homeless; but that he asks
that the people shall be allowed to take what be-
longs to them. Now, if the lands belong to the
people, why should they require a law to allow
them to use them ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
is a lawyer, and I will put a case to him. Sup-
pose there was a trustee to hold an estate in his
hands for the benefit of heirs: there are certain
legal processes required to be gone through with
before they can obtain possession of the estate,
and use it. The Federal Government is the
trustee of the public domain; but is it the owner
of the soil ? Is not the equity in the people ? The
Government being the trustee, we propose a mode
according to the forms of law, of permitting the
people to take that which belongs to them. Does
not this Government belong to the people ? Does
not all the public domain belong to the people?
The Government holds it in trust for the whole;
and all we ask is, that you prescribe a mode by
which each individual may possess himself of
that which is his. Is there anything wrong in
that? You have nearly seven million quarter sec-
tions of public lands; there are three million
heads of families in the United States; and if you
permit every head of a family to take a quarter
of a section, you would still have half the do-
main left in the hands of the trustee to be dis-
posed of. Is that giving? No; it is simply per-
mitting each individual to go and possess himself
of a part of that which is his, and not what be-
longs to anybody else. Who does-he take it
away from? Who is deprived of anything by
permitting a man to go forward, and take a por-
tion of that domain which is actually his? Who
is deprived of any right, who is deprived of any
soil by it? Nobody. But what is the effect?
Leave the land as it is, and it is wholly unpro-
ductive; allow it to be occupied, and you increase
its production, and of course increase the capa-
city of the settler upon it for consumption, and
thereby increase the Federal revenue. While you
do this for the Treasury, what do you do for the
man himself? You give him an interest in the
country; you make him a better man and a bet-
ter voter; he goes to the ballot-box, and votes his
own will, not that of his landlord or his master.
So much forthe land; so much for the pure water.
I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. PEARCE. I think there are about twen-
ty-four Senators in their seats, and I do not see
that we are making much progress in business.
I think we had better adjourn, and I make that
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Oh, no; let us
get the bill out of committee.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the debate is through,
and we can take the question. I hope the Senator
from Maryland will not press his motion, but will
let us get the bill out of Committee of the Whole,
and order it to its third reading.
Mr. PUGIi. You cannot get the bill through
withouta great deal of debate.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall withdraw the motion
if the understanding is, that we shall proceed to
vote; ["Yes."J but I do not want to sit here to
hear any more speeches.
Mr. PUGH. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. PUGH. I wanted the Senate to adjourn;
but if the Senate is notdisposed to adjourn, I wish
to say a word or two on this proposition. Before
the Senator from Tennessee insists on striking out
the whole clause, I hope he will permit me to per-
fect it under the rules of the Senate, by moving to
strike out "eight,'' andinsert"four,"so as to re-
duce the appropriation from $800,000 to $400,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be first in order.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I wish to understand
whether the little breeze of economy with which
we have been favored, is really intended to apply
to the magnificent and extravagant works of the
Government in this neighborhood, or whether it is
only meant to frighten those who happen to live re-
mote from the city of Washington. The Adminis-
tration began the fiscal year with $17,000,000 of
surplus, and in twelve months finds a deficiency
of $35,000,000. I want to know whether there is
to be a reduction of a cent on these works, which
are not works of necessity, which can be post-
i poned to next year or the year after just as well,
when we are told that the Government is too poor
to take care of anybody else. Sir, I am utterly
amazed at the presumption of the Senator from
Tennessee. He is not only, it seems, ignorant
of architecture, but he is ignorant of the science of
geography. I had scarcely recovered my amaze-
ment at the presumption of the Senator from Mis-
souri and the Senator from Illinois, who imagined
that those two great empires, the States of Mis-
souri and Illinois, had any interest in this Gov-
ernment comparable to the importance of redis-
covering the entrance into Charleston harbor!
Why, sir, the Senators do not understand geog-
raphy. They forget that their States are west of
the Alleghany mountains, and that the only in-
