1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
what are the provisions of that bill. Although
it has been printed, and m the hands of the vari-
ous members of the House for some days, it is
very possible that many have not seen it until to-
day.
The Senate bill provides, in its first section, for
the organization of a police force, to consist of a
chief, a captain, four lieutenants, and one hundred
men. The salary of the chief is fixed at $2,000;
the salary of the captain at $1,200; that of the lieu-
tenants at $800 each; and that of the men at $600
each.
The bill provides that the chief of police shall be
appointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States. That appears to me to be entirely
consonant with the principles of the Constitution.
The Chief Magistrate of the Government is, by
the policy of the founders of our system of gov-
ernment, the great appointing power; and we are
only authorized to depart from it in the appoint-
ment of Federal officers by vesting such appoint-
ment in the courts or in the heads of Departments.
And it is on the departure from this great funda-
mental principle of the Constitution that I place
my principal opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd,] my col-
league on the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. 1 deem that to take from the President
the appointment of these officers, and to place it
where the proposition of the gentleman from New
York places it, is an infraction of the principles of
the Federal Constitution; for, under that Consti-
tution, if the appointment be taken from the Pres-
ident, it can only be vested in the courts or in the
heads of the Departments, unless it is held that
these are municipal officers of the District of Co-
lumbia; in which case the appointment cannot be
vested in such a tribunal, as is indicated by the
gentleman from New York.
But, sir, while I base my principal opposition
to the proposition of my friend from New York,
on the fact that it violates a principle of the Fed-
eral Constitution, yet, as an effective provision, it
appears to me eminently calculated to destroy the j
whole efficiency of the police force. He proposes
to appoint four commissioners, two of which he
intends shall be elected by the Democratic party,
and two by the American party. Thus, if he suc-
ceeds in adopting the scheme which he has de-
vised, we shall have a police force composed of
antagonistic elements, arrayed against each other
in equal force. How is it possible that contro-
versies arising in such a board shall be settled ?—
two Democrats and two Americans to settle ques-
tions upon which they are diametrically opposed
to each other !
I cannot conceive of an argument between them
upon any question in which party feeling is in-
volved. The gentleman and myself might find it
impossible to compromise upon such questions,
and so with them. In the case of a police force,
we want unity of will, concert, and energy of ac-
tion. But according to the scheme of the gen-
tleman from New York, all unity of w ill is pre-
vented, and all concert of action is destroyed. It
is a violation, then, in my opinion, of the princi-
ples of the Constitution, is a complete destruction
of all efficiency in respect to the force itself. For
these reasons I hope it will be defeated.
In all its other provisions except that providing
for a board of commissioners, it is identical with
the Senate bill, and with the bill I have presented.
The other provisions are merely of detail. The !
second section provides for the establishment of a 1
guard-house, and divides the guard into squads of
a convenient size for patrolling the city. The third
section provides for the formation of a board to
establish rules and regulations for the government
of the police. I believe that a similar provision is
in all the three propositions which are before the
House. This section provides that the Mayor of
the city of Washington, the district attorney of
the District of Columbia, the marshal of the Dis-
trict, and the chief of the auxiliary guard, shall be
invested with power to make such regulations as
may be deemed necessary to the government of
that corps. All the propositions have the same
provision, and therefore it is not necessary longer
to dwell upon it.
The fourth section of the Senate bill appropri-
ates ^,10,000 for the purpose of bringing to justice
offenders against the law, those whose malfeas-
ance compels Congress to bring this corps of po-
lice into existence. The amendment of the gentle-
man M>m New York, as well as my amendment,
contemplates an appropriation of only $5,000,
which I hope will be enough.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Virginia. My colleague
has spoken of a secret-service fund. I see noth- j
ing of this kind in the bill, and I would like an
explanation of the matter.
Mr. GOODE The money proposed to be ap-
propriated is to enable the officers of the police to
detect criminals, tr bring witnesses from abroad,
and to institute such proceedings as may be ne-
cessary to bring offenders to justice. That is all.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I understand it to
be only an ordinary contingent fund.
Mr. GOODE. Certainly it is; and if I used any
term in reference to it, to which odium attaches,
it is my fault.
The fifth section provides for a uniform dress
for the members of the police—a matter which I
suppose is unnecessary to comment upon.
The sixth section repeals all acts which have
heretofore been passed relating to the employment
of an auxiliary guard, and prescribes the time
when this act shall go into effect.
The seventh section appropriates $75,000, with
which to pay the police and to defray contingent
expenses. The sum of $66,400 will be required
for the payment of salaries under the Senate bill:
under the amendment 1 have offered,$68,000 will
be required for the same purpose. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will re-
quire $4,000 more than the Senate hill, making
$70,400. While the bill of the Senate appropriates
$10,000 for contingent expenses, the two amend-
ments before the House propose to appropriate
only $5,000 for the same purpose.
It is notmy object to inflame the House by any
statement in connection with the necessity for this
bill. The circumstances of the times have im-
pressed the minds of members with the necessity
of an effective police. To have an effective police
the action of Congress is indispensable; and, in
my opinion, the action of Congiess could not be
beneficially exerted in any other way than by the
passage of the amendment I have presented. I
therefore hope it will be adopted by the House,
and that the substitute of the gentleman from New
York will l>e voted down.
Mr. COMINS. It is well the subject now before
us is being considered in Committee of the Whole,
where not only the merits of the Senate bill, but
the causes which have made it seemingly incum-
bent upon Congress to act in the matter, may be
discussed. Although I do not desire to pursue
this investigation minutely myself, I trust there
are those who will faithfully expose the state of
things which exists, and which will continue to
exist until a dynasty which at present rules this
country is overthrown. It is in vain to remodel
municipal laws, or to make new ones, so long as
the basis upon which they rest is rotten. The
state of things which exists in this city to-day is
the legitimate fruit of the tree. It is the fruit of
an institution popularized on the political stump,
and elaborated on the judicial bench.
It is alleged that infamous crimes are daily and
nightly committed against persons and property
m this District! Is this anything new? Listen
to the voices of the murdered Keating, and Hume,
and a score of others. Were not the murderers
and assassins arrested? Has justice in this Dis-
trict been at fault through the remissness of the
police or the tribunal ? Have we not seen the
principles of justice and of law trampled in the dust
and set at naught by the criminal court, (Judge
Crawford,) and the result applauded by eminent
Senators and distinguished Representatives ? Mr.
Chairman, there is little use in attempting a ref-
ormation at one end of the government of this
District, without a corresponding change at the
other.
I am opposed to this bill. I am opposed to it
because it is wrong in principle, anti-Democratic,
in conflict with the principles of republican lib-
erty, and a subversion of the principle of pop-
ular sovereignty. It is anti-republican, because
it places the people of this District under laws and
regulations for the government of the city, in
which they have no voice.
The third section of the bill is as follows:
et Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Mayor of
Washington, the district attorney for the District of Colum-
bia, the marshal of the said District, and the chief of the
auxiliary gumd, are hereby authorized ami required to make
and establish rules and regulations for the government of
said guard, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior."
This one section of the bill confers as much
power upon four commissioners as is conferred by
any city charter in the United States upon a city
government, so far as government of police and
police laws are concerned. And who are these
commissioners to be; who is the district attorney
who is to make laws for the government of every
man, woman and child in this city ? Who is the
marshal of the District, and who is to be the chief
of this precious auxiliary guard ? Sir, they are to
be the partisan appointees of a partisan President.
What security nave we that they will not be the
men, or of the men, who have stricken down in
cold blood our brothers in a distant Territory? I
rejoice that that Territory is about to be relieved
of their presence, but I do not wish them installed
by the same Executive hand to govern and riot
here in our midst.
This bill is a subversion of the principles of
popular sovereignt-y, because it denies the right
of the people to govern themselves. Mr. Chair-
man, I am not willing to place so low an estima-
tion upon the moral condition of the seventy thou-
sand inhabitants of this city as to believe them
incapable of self-government. Shall we proclaim
it to the world that the moral authority of the
human mind is no longer an element in the gov
ernment in the capital of free America ? No vote
of mine shall inaugurate a despotism like that
contemplated in this bill.
I have had sufficient experience in municipal
government to know that there is nothing the peo-
ple so much hate as a foreign police. Put aguard
of one, two, or three hundred men, appointed by
the President, to patrol any city in New England,
and the boys would drive them from the streets
in an hour.
I acknowledge there is a bad state of affairs in
this city—a state of affairs which exists partly
from the failure of Congress to do its duty; and
partly, but mainly, from the failure of the people
of the City and county of Washington to do their
duty. Congress has failed to do its duty in not
reforming the suffrage laws of this District. The
people of the District failed to do their duty when
they rejected the bill passed by the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, approved August IX, 1856, extending
and guarantying the privileges of free schools to
the entire people of this District. Have we not
told you time and time again, that without a sys-
tem of free schools you could expect nothing but
vice and crime ? As a member of the General
Government, and a denizen of Washington, lam
opposed to this bill. I am opposed to it from
principle; and I am opposed to it because I believe
we shall have no better government under it than
we shall without it. From what source is this
new government to emanate ? Sir, it is to emanate
from a corrupt and repudiated Administration—
an Administration that has reached that point of
corruption in which purity appears ridiculous and
modesty is treated with contempt; and can you
expect the stream to rise higher than the fountain ?
Have we not spent the entire session of this Con-
gress to rescue one people from its tyranny? and
will gentlemen vote to place another people within
its grasp ? Sir, no vote of mine shall give addi-
tional power to the present Executive. Enlarge
the liberties of the whole people of this District,
instead of circumscribing them; appropriate and
expend one hundred thousand dollars a year for free
schools, instead of employing foreign stipendia-
ries to patrol the streets; make it a felony for the
President, or any Government officer, to interfere
in the municipal elections of this city,instead of
giving them supreme'power; and there will be a
reform in the government that will relieve Con-
gress from all expense or responsibility m pro-
tecting the peace and quiet of the community.
I shall vote against the bill, unless materially
amended.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, I must ex-
press my surprise that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who is usually so moderate and mag-
nanimous in the views which he presents to this
House, should have been, on this occasion, so far
carried beyond that line of moderation which has
characterized his legislative conduct, that when a
bill is proposed for the purpose of giving to the
people of the District, citizens as well as strangers,
