1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2591
terest they have in this Government is to be taxed.
Yes, sir, under the miscellaneous appropriation
bill now pending, it has gone forth as the decree
did in the days of Ccesar Augustus, that the world
shall be taxed, and taxed for what? Why, sir,
we are watered both ways under this bill. We
have not salt water in our country and we are
held up to contempt for that; and then we are
compelled to furnish fresh water to the people
that live in the neighborhood of the salt water.
Iaskifthisistherigid economy that is preached
in the Cincinnati platform, or has the Cincinnati
platform become a myth? Js this what your
$15,000,(100 of loan were for? Is this what your
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes were for? You
appropriate $1,000,000 a year to furnish water
works in the oily of Washington. The Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] suggests that if! will
give way, ho will move an adjournment. I have
not quite got through my speech; but I will make
the motion to adjourn myself.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 18.
Mr. PUGH. Well, Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is very anxious
to have me quit; he wants to pass this bill; I do
not want it to pass; and, therefore, I am not at all
to be appeased. I want the bill defeated; I think
it ought to be defeated. If you stand on the
ground of economy, and say that it is necessary
to bring the expenses of this Government within
its revenue, there is not a single appropriation in
the bill that ought to pass. It is not to carry on
the Government. We have passed that bill to
our hearts' content, and to the sore discontent of
the pockets of our constituents. This is the mis-
cellaneous bill; this is to put in all the odds and
ends; every loose dollar that is lying in the Treas-
ury, or can be gathered from the pockets of the
people, to carry certain favorite appropiiations.
As I said before, I am lost in amazement at the
presumption of the Senators from Missouri, and
Illinois," and Tennessee, to imagine that any at-
tempt they could make, or any of the rest of us
could make who live west of the Alleghany mount-
ains, can arrest the extravagance, the lavishness,
with which the Federal Government pours out its
revenues on the Atlantic coast. I know the Sen-
ator from Delaware read me a lecture for saying
that; that was sectional; that was very sectional!
Well, sir, I have supposed, strangely enough, that
the Constitution of the United States was designed
to have the same operation throughout the whole
Union; but, as it is now administered, I see no
benefit that is produced to the vast agricultural
States west of the Alleghany mountains. As I
said to-night before, they are conquered provinces
under the system of abuse with which the Fed-
eral Government levies tribute from them to con-
tribute to the aggrandizement of the Atlantic
States.
Now, sir, what is this appropriation for? What
is the necessity of it? Why do we want millions
on millions to bring water into the city of Wash-
ington ? If you had plenty of money, I should
not make much objection. Although I voted
against it, I said nothing while your Treasury
was overflowing; but now when the time for re-
trenchment has come 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make amotion to adjourn ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir, I will make the motion
myself.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Drodorick, Brown, Came-
ron, Chandler, Crittenden, Green, [laiian, Houston, Iver-
son, Kennedy, Kin?, Mallory, Mason. Peaiee, Pugli, Se-
bastian, Sewaid, Wade, and Yulee—21.
NAYS Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, clinc[man,Col!ainer,
Fessenden," Foot, Foster, Givin, Hale, llanilm, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, JoDnson of Tennessee. Polk, Reid,
llice Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jei-sey, Toombs,
Wilson, and Wright—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. PUGH. Well, Mr. President, I shall
waive the rest of my speech until the bill comes
up on its final passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
reduce the appropriation for the Washington
aqueduct from $800,000 to §400,000
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I was requested to state that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] and the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] have
paired off.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Fitch, Ilamhn,
Harlan, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Polk,
Pugh, and Wade—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Broderick,
Brown, Clinsman, Collamer, Crittenden, Fessenden, Font,
Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Ilunter, iverson, Ken-
nedy, Mason, Pearce, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Sli-
dell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wilson,
Wright, and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee
to strike out the clause making an appropriation
for the Washington aqueduct, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Ilailan, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Polk, Pugh, and Wade—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Broderiek, Brown, Chngnmn, Collamer, Crittenden, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, Iverton, Kennedy, Mason, Pearce, Reid,
llice, Sebastian, Sewaid, SUdeH, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Wilson, Wright, and STulee—33.
So the Senate refused to strike out the clause.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD (at half past ten
o'clock, p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 1, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. T. M. Carson.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON ART.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Messrs. Marshall ofKentucky, Keitt,
Taylor of New York, MoRRib of Pennsylvania,
and Pendleton, the select committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of artists, presented by
Mr. Marshall, ofKentucky.
CHICKASAW BONDS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report upon the bonds held in trust for the
Chickasaw Indians; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
EXPLORATIONS OF THE AMOOR.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Resolved, That there be punted ten thousand o\tia copies
of Executive Document Wo. 98, being Dallas's leport on the
Amoor uver.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. KELSEY asked the unanimous consent of |
the House to offer the fo-Iowing resolution: j
Whereas, the recent acts of British armed vessels in the j
Gulf of Mexico and on the coa<;t of Cuba have placed the j
relations of this country and Great Bmain in a critical and 1
delicate position, which may require eaiiy action on the
part of Congress to uphold the lights ofoui citizens and the
honor of our flag ; and wheicas, thK Government is com-
pelled to issue Treasmy notes, and to borrow money to
defray us cuirent expenses, while the levenue under its j
piesent laws is wholly inadequate to pay those expense?, '
without making any provision whatever for paying the in-
debtedness already created ; and wheieas, the House has
devoted only three days during the pie^eut beabion to the
consideration of bills on the Private Calendar to which ob-
jection has been made, thus failing to give tins class of
claimants a hearing upon their claims, though the entire time
of members of this House is now paid for by the Govern-
ment: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled, That it is. inexpedient foi Congiess
to adjourn without making piovision foi protecting the right's
of our citizens and the honor of our flag on the ocean, and
without making provision for lepaymg the money we are
compelled to boirow, and without hearing that class of pn-
vate claimant* whose bills remain upon the Calendar, be-
cause a single objection has been made against them.
Jindbcit farther resolved, That the joint lesoluuon re-
quiring the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
Hotise'of Repi esentatives to adjourn their respective Houses
sine die at twelve o'clock, at noon, on the 7th day of June,
instant, be, and the same is heieby, rescinded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. COBB. I give notice that if the gentle-
man's resolution is received, I will offer an amend-
ment which I have had ready to offer for several
days—a simple one, without a stump speech in it
—to repeal the resolution proposing to adjourn on
Monday next. It reads as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of ike
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
joint resolution requiring the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives to adjourn their
respective Houses sine die on the first Monday of June next,
at twelve o'clock, m., be, and the sameis hereby, repealed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled, the following act
and joint resolutions, when the Speaker signed
the same:
Resolution for the adjustment of difficulties with
the Republic of Paraguay;
Resolution to correct an error in a certain act
approved May 11, 1858; and
An act for the relief of Thomas Phenix,jr.
DEFICIENCIES IN INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the motion to recommit the bill (H.
R. No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1858.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw that
motion, and move the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The several amendments recommended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the U nion
were agreed to, with the exception of the third
amendment,which was to strike out" $25,000" in
the following clause, and insert "#24,900;" which
was rejected:
For contingencies of the Indian department, or so much
thereof as may be loquncd for expenditure during the year
ending June 30, 1858, #25,000.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
VOLUNTEERS' APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the motion to recommit the bill (H.
R. No. 561) making appropriations for the sup-
port of three regiments of volunteers authorized
by the act of Congress approved 7th April, 1858.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the
motion to recommit; and move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The several amendments recommended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adiain, Anderson, Atkins, Aver}', Bark«i-
dale,Bilhni{hutst, Bi<hop, Bocock, Bonhain, Bowie, Bojcc,
Branch, Biyan, Burnett, Carutbers, Caskie, Cavanaugh,
Hoiace F. Clark, John B. Claik, Clay, Clemens, John Coeh-
iane, Corning. James Cinig, Burton Craige, Crawtord,
Curry, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis oi In-
diana. Davis ol Mississippi, Dowdell, Edie, Edmundson,
Eustis, Foley, Gaitroll, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Grogs,
Gioe&beck, Lawrence W. Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hill, IIou>ton, Hughes, Jackson, Jowctt, Geor-re
W. Jones, J. Glancv Jones, Owen Joi«\s Kelly, Jacob M.
Kunkcl, Landy, Lawrence, Leidv, Letcher, Maelav, Mc-
Uueen, Humphrey MaisliaJI, Samuel S. Marshall, Mas-on,
Mavnard, Millson, Edward Joy Morris Nihlaek. Pendleton,
Peyton. John S. Phelps VViiham VV. Phelps, Phillips Pow-
ell, Quitman, Ready, Reilly, Ruffm, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, IlemyM. Shaw,
Shorter, Robert*Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,Tal-
bot, Miles Taylor, Underwood, White, Wilson, Winslow,
