THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY % 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 31.
one o'clock,and provide that the debate should be
confined to the subject-matter of the bill m com-
mittee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I concur in the
proposition of the gentleman from Michigan as
far as it goes; but 1 suggest that he amend his
proposition so as to provide that debate shall be
strictly confined to the subject-matter under con-
sideration, not only so far as this bill, but so far
as every other bill is concerned.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the gentleman will
not embarrass my proposition with such anamend-
ment at this time.
"Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I amfor adopt-
ing such a rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us have it settled now.
Mr. GROW. I object to the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. HOWARD. I submit the following res-
olution. it is modified to suit the gentleman from
Missouri:
Resolved, That the time for closing debate on House bill
No.202 be extended until one o'clock to-moirow; and that
each member who shall participate in ihe discussion &hali
confine himself to the subject-matter of the said bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. X object to the reso-
lution, and simply for the reason that it comes too
late. The proposition was offered yesterday.
The motion was put before the House, and the
House distinctly refused to confine, the debate to
the subject under consideration. Therefore, sir,
until this House shall come to the resolution that
debate shall be atail times confined to the subject
under consideration, 1 shall object.
Mr, GROW. The gentleman from New York
will remember that the objection made yesterday
was not to devoting this day to the discussion of
the bill. Every one upon this side of the House
agreed to that. But let me say to the gentleman
from New York that when the lime shall come
when general discussion in Committee of the
Whole shall be put a stop to, and the debates there
confined to the subjects immediately under consid-
eration, you will have put a legislative despotism
upon the House; for when you go into Commit-
tee of the Whole, the chairman who has charge
of the business can move to strike out the enact-
ing clause of a bill, and prevent all amendment, or
debate upon it. So that if gentlemen were con-
fined to the discussion of the subject up for con-
sideration, they would have no Uiancr at all to
discuss some measures. Now, I am in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman from Michigan,
and hope it will be adopted.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It seems to me that it is
unnecessary to adopt this resolution. So far as
I know, no gentleman upon this side of the
House designs to speak to-day,-except to the bill
itself; and if gentlemen on the other side will pur-
sue the same course, the bill can be discussed to-
day without the adoption of any resolution in-
vading the ancient right and usages of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I think the House ought to
adopt some rule in regard to discussion in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and I desire to suggest to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. John Cochrane] that he permit
the resolution of the gentleman from Michigan to
be received, and then we can amend it so as to
provide that after the House shall have fixed the
hour at which debate shall close upon any par-
ticular bill, then the discussion shall be confined
to the bill under consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I shall object
to the resolution if it is to be amended m that
way.
The SPEAKER. This debate is all irregular
and out of order. The business before the
House is the call of committees for reports; and
this being private bill day, reports are in order
from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WARREN. I appeal to my friend from
Virginia to withdraw that motion, that I may in-
81
troduce a resolution which I know he, and I ap-
prehend every gentleman upon this floor, will
agree to. It has direct reference to the business
of the House, and I hope gentlemen will hear it
read.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know what the res-
olution is, but I object to it, and 1 call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. WARREN. It is a resolution designed
to expedite the business of the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I must object.
The following is the resolution which Mr.
Warren desired to introduce:
Resolved, That from and after Monday next, all debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall be confined to the bill or resolution directly submitted
to the committee, and nothing else; and that Monday nights,
Wednesday nights, and Friday nights, of each week, shall
be appropriated to the discussion of matters arising out of
the condition of the Union geneially, or such other matters
as gentlemen may be disposed to discuss.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I desire to
make a report from the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion made by thcgentlemanfrom Vir-
ginia, that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair upon a point of order. If this bill
shall be reported to the House, will it not be com-
petent for the House afterwards, if they deem it
proper to do so, to recommit it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for the
purpose of having such further discussion as may
be nccessary ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
The House can recommit either to the Committee
of the Whole or to one of the standingcommittees.
Mr. MILLSON. So I supposed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Can the House, in recom-
mitting it, instruct the committee to confine the
debate to the subject of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks nof.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then what would
be the use of recommitting it?
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not understand
that either of the gentlemen rose for the purpose of
debating any question. They simply rose for in-
formation upon a question of order.
Mr. JOliN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make one remark,
regarding the objection I interposed a moment
ago.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man means to withdraw his objection, I will not
object to his bems: heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot determine
that.
Mr. SEWARD. I objcct to debate out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of JN'ew York. What is before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the m'otion of the gentleman from Virginia,
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. TAYLOR, of JN'ew York. Is that question
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Then I object
to all debate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to
make an muuiiy. Did I understand the Chair
to say, in response to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, that if the House should recommit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, it could not commit with other in-
structions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not with
the instructions indicated by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Not so as
to confine the debate to the bill?
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I foerely
want to call the attention of* the Chair to the fact
that last session the Housedid give such instruc-
tions to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, when the tariff bill was under dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. Was it not done under a sua-,
pension of the rules ?
Mr. MARSHALL^ of Kentucky. I know such
instructions were given, but I do not remember
whether it was done under a suspension of the
rules or not.
The SPEAKER. It must have been done un-
der a suspension of the rules, which required a
! two-third vote.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the House to allow
me to submit a proposition to extend the time for
debate until one o'clock, to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Davis, of Indi-
ana, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL.
Upon which Mr. Burnett was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to pursue the course adopted by other gentle-
men who have addressed the committee stnee the
House fixed a time for closing the debate upon
this bill. The committee have been entertained
with speeches upon Mormonism, Free-Soilism,
and every other ism having no connection with
any measure of legislation now before the House,
and, as yet, not a single speech has been elicited
bearing upon the subject immediately under con-
sideration. Ifgentlemen will debate abstractques-
tions in Committee of the Whole, let them do it
before the House fixes a time for closing debate
upon the bill then before the body; but when that
time is fixed, and but a few hours are left to speak
to an important measure, it seems to me that it
should be confined to a practical discussion of
the bill before us. It was from this conviction
that I endeavored to arrest that character of de-
bate, and raised the point of order upon gentle-
men who preceded me who did not utter n single
word with reference to the printing deficiency,
but the point was overruled; and until now, no
opportunity has been afforded for debating the
merits of the question properly before us. Feel-
ing, sir, that the interests of the country demand
a reform in this practice, I propose myself to con-
fine my remarks to the bill under consideration.
The investigation of the subject of printing, as
connected with the two Houses of Congress, is
one of difficulty and embarrassment to any gentle-
man who will undertake it. This is owing to the
fact that there is no regularity in the action of
Congress making appropriations for printing pur-
poses; there is no limit upon the work when the ap-
propriations are exhausted. There are orders
constantly being made by both Houses for extra
printing, and it is only by an examination in de-
tail of the entire legislation of each Congress that
the amount of the appropriationsfor printing can
be discovered; which involves a vast amount of
difficulty and labor. The subject of the printing1
of Congress has, for the last few years, attracted
much of the attention of the country. It has been
a theme for the newspaper press.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 desire to present a
question of order to the Chair. I understand that
the gentleman from Kentucky proposes to discuss
the bill under consideration. I would inquire of
the Chair whether that is in order? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order,
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then the Chairrules the
discussion of the subjcct-matter under consider-
ation to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the ruling of the
Chair.
