530
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—-Mr. Bell.
Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. You have not overstated it.
Mr. BELL. These are important considera-
tions of'themselves; but the main point is, that
at a time when the Treasury is annually defrauded
of from ten to fifteen million dollars, by under-
valuations and other devices, and when a loan is
proposed of §15,000,000 beyond the current re-
ceipts, to carry on the Government until the next
session of Congress, in itself a revenue measure,
the honorable Senator from Virginia objects to
an amendment which proposes no new duties,
but simply to enforce the collection of those now
authorized by law, on the ground that it is un-
constitutional. On the same principle, it would
seem to me that exception might be made to the
bill as it now stands. What is that bill but a
measure to raise revenue ? As to the objection of
the constitutionality of the amendment offered, f
will not say that there is no plausible ground upon
which that objection may be urged. It is true
that, if the amendment should prevail, the receipts
of the Treasury will be increased; and that is the
extent of the argument. The objection can only
•be defended upon narrow and technical principles.
There is not a single item of imports upon which
the rate of the existing duty is proposed to be
raised by the amendment. 1 here are no new ar-
ticles of commerce enumerated m the amendment
on which duties are proposed to be levied. One
would suppose that a bill to raise revenue within
the meaning of the Constitution, in the clause re-
quiring ail such bills to originate m the House of
Representatives, should propose to lay a duty
upon some article of foreign growth or manufac-
ture not already subject to duty, or to increase
the existing rates, or by imposing excise dimes
or internal taxes in some of the hundred different
ways in which revenue may be raised; but there
is no such provision in the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, as I understand it. It is in
effect and substance simply to secure the faithful
collection of the amount of duties and revenue con-
templated by the act of 184G, according to a fair
and just construction of its provisions. No fur-
ther duties or charges are imposed upon imported
merchandise than they would be subject to if the
existing laws were executed in good faith. That
is substantially the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island; and yet it is objected to as
unconstitutional. Taking these circumstanccs
into view, the case does furnish tho test which I
said last evening, when I rose to address the Sen-
ate, I wanted to see applied and exhibited to the
country—a test of the lengths to which this Ad-
ministration, when upheld by a party majority in
both Houses of Congress, is prepared to go in
carrying out their favorite dogmas of political
economy, and how far it may be expected to go
hereafter m opposition to the plainest and saddest
experience of their fallacy.
A case like the present, of persistent obstinacy
in opposing what appears to mo the clearest dic-
tate of public interest and a sound policy, is un-
paralleled in the history of the legislation of tins
country, or of any other free Government.
A great deal is said on the subject of the vast
expenditures of the Government, and a question
is raised as to what department is reponsible for
them. Sir, here we have the evidence where the
responsibility rests, and ought to rest, upon all
these questions. It may be said that the party
now in power have had the control of the Gov-
ernment for more than a quarter of a century
past. The few years of Whig rule scarcely break
the uniformity of Democratic domination. They
have had the power, as a general proposition,
whenever they chose to exercise it, to press a
favonte party measure through Congress, or to
defeat an obnoxious one, by Executive patronage
and party discipline, to say nothing of the veto
power; and they have not been over-scrupulous
in the cxercise of that power.
Why have not these vast powers and influences
been brought to bear upon the expenditures of
the Government, with a view to keep them within
moderate bounds? But especially, when the
Treasury is annually robbed of some ten or fif-
teen million dollars by fraudulent contrivances
and evasions, why is not the power of the Ad-
ministration brought to bear in the correction of
that great evil ?
The honorable SenatorfromVirginia, who says
it is unconstitutional to move any provision in
the Senate to prevent these frauds on the Treas-
ury, cannot shelter himself or the Administration
from their proper responsibility in relation to this
subject, by taking the ground that a remedy for
these frauds can only be brought forward in the
House of Representatives. Why has no such
measure been moved by the supporters of the
Administration in the House of Representatives ?
Why has it been withheld there? Why has the
Senator from Virginia, if he really thinks these
frauds ought to be corrected, failed to have some
measure for their correction brought forward in
the House of Representatives through his friends
in that body? Why has not the Secretary of the
Treasury or the President, or both, seen to this
business? They are not so forbearing, nor so
delicate in their practices in this respect, that they
cannot interfere or lend their influence in carry-
ing this reform in the collection of the revenue
through Congress; nor ought they to shrink from
the exercise of a legitimate and constitutional in-
terposition in reference to a question of great pub-
lic interest like the present. I fear, sir, that the
Administration and the honorable Senator from
Virginia, and those wh© agree with him in his
theories of political economy, consider that if we
corrected these frauds, and brought about a whole-
some reform in the collection of the customs rev-
enue, it would be a step backwards in the march
to free trade. If any other explanation can be
given of their conduct, [ trust it will not be with-
held.
Every step taken by the Administration con-
nected with this subject tends to bring me to the
conclusion that I have been right in my appre-
hensions. If, at such a time as the present, the
Administration, and the party which supports it,
dare to pursue the course indicated in reference to
this loan, what will they not dare to do when the
wants of tho Treasury shall not bo felt? Whither
is, this Government tending? What is, or what
is to be, its settled policy? The honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia seems to take it for granted
that his views, and those of the Administration,
arc sustained by the settled sentimentof the people
of this country. They may be, for aught I know;
but is this policy so firmly settled that he and his
party may speculate and experiment upon the
strength of the sentiment which sustains them, to
the extent they have undertaken to do in relation
to this bill,and the amendmentof theSenator from
Rhode Island?
Sir, I am astonished at the course of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia and his political
friends upon this subject; nor has their course
upon other grave questions tended to assure me
that I have been wrong in my impression, formed
long since, that the old landmarks set up by our
fathers are likely soon to be utterly disregarded
and overthrown, and with them the political hon-
esty which for a long time forced their observance.
Sir, I regard our whole system of free government
as in imminent peril.
At no period, in the last thirty years, have so
many circumstances in the condition of the coun-
try conspired to awaken inquiry and create anx-
iety as to its future. There is a vague but very
general impression floating in the minds of the
thinking portion of the people, that we are has-
tening to a crisis—to a change, of the nature of
which there is no well-defined idea or conception.
Possibly it may be beneficial in its results; on the
other hand, it may usher in an epoch marked and
distinguished by great calamities and obstruc-
tions to the progress of civilization. The stu-
dent of general history must have been struck by
the fact, that all those great movements and rev-
olutions which have changed the destiny of na-
tions, and the social and political conditions of
their populations, sometimes rolling back the tide
of improvement, and threatening the extinction
of all that science and art had achieved in prece-
ding ages, and in other instances giving a new
impetus to further progress, have been preceded
| by some vague perception orapprehension among
| the more observing of the people to be affected, of
the coming change. So at least cotemporary his-
torians will have it.
Whether any change which may take place in
the condition and affairs of this country may rise
to an importance to be compared with those great
revolutions to which I have referred, and which
have left their impress upon the world, I will not
undertake to say, nor am I prepared to subscribe
to the theory that there is any preternatural or
mysterious cause operating in the moral world,
which sometimes gives warning of approaching
change or convulsion. I rather think that the
true solution of the apparent mystery involved
in the common saying, that " coming events cast
their shadows before," is to be found in the act-
ual circumstances and tendencies of the times—
circumstances and tendencies which make but a
slight impression or none at all upon the thought-
less, but strike the sagacious observer as most
significant and ominous.
That many of the purest patriots and best in-
formed of the people of this country at this time
are disturbed and apprehensive of change and
convulsion, cannot be denied; but there is no
mystery in that. Ample cause may be found for
this in the present social and political condition
of the country.
It is remarkable, that coincident with this feel-
ing of uneasiness and insecurity in this country,
a similar one is felt all over Europe, though rising
from different, and, in some respects,from oppo-
site causes; and in both countries tending strong-
ly to postpone the restoration of trade and in-
dustry to that degree of activity by which they
were but lately distinguished, and upon the res-
toration of which the Senator from Virginia relies
to supply the future wants of the Treasury.
The peace of Europe may be said to be sus-
pended by a hair. The brittle thread of one man's
life snapped, and it seems to be conceded that a
revolutionary struggle must ensue in one power-
ful State, which may, in its consequences, involve
all Europe in a sanguinary war. That life pre-
served and prolonged, offers no absolute security
for the general repose. Peace would still hold her
sway by the slender and uncertain tenure of one
man's will. In this fact alone may be found suf-
ficient ground for some apprehension; but there
are other causes of uneasiness. However well
disposed to peace the Emperor of the French may
be—hated and feared rather than loved, as he is,
by the great Powers around him—he may be
driven by the necessities of his position to avail
himself of the passion for military glory which
distinguishes his subjects, and seek to strengthen
his dynasty by trying his fortune in war. Be-
sides all these, there exists still another cause of
uneasiness. The spirit of liberty in Europe is re-
pressed, but not subdued. It is still too formid-
able an element of disturbance to the established
despotisms of the continent to be overlooked in
calculating the chances of peace. Like a pent-up
giant, it is ever restless, watchful, and prompt
upon opportunity to break its fetters.
Here, m this country, we have no despotic
governments, general or local. All are molded
in the most perfect forms of freedom consistent
with the preservation of the great and legitimate
objects of civil society. Neither by the theory,
nor by any of the express provisions of our polit-
ical system is any one man clothed with author-
ity, even for a term of years, to play the despot,
to substitute his will for the will of the people in
deciding upon the issues of peace and of war, or
to dictate the policy of the country, domestic or
foreign; though, in the practical operation of our
system, we know, by experience, that a weak or
a bad man may assume and exercisc all these
powers. Here we have no pent-up spirit of lib-
erty, as in Europe, threatening to burst forth and
disturb the public peace in an effort to assert the
rights of the people. Still I assert, that there are
just grounds for the uneasiness and apprehen-
sions which pervade the public mind. As the
country advances in wealth and power, as our
territorial dominion expands, it is but too mani-
fest, that in the practical operation of the Gov-
ernment there has been a regular progress of de-
parture from its true theory. The forms of the
Government have been observed, while the spirit
and objects of their institution have been for tho
most part disregarded and defeated. The regular
and legitimate influences which, by the theory of
our system, should preside over elections, and
control the administration of the Government, are
superseded and inverted.
Whatever other causes may have contributed to
