482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. BURNETT. 1 am not surprised at the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Greenwood,] for 1 am aware that
it is a novelty for any gentleman in this body to
do what 1 am now doing—debating the merits of
the bill before us I was remaikmg, sir, when
I was interrupted, that tins subject of printing had
occupicd much of the attention of the press and
politicians of the country.
!t is charged that it is a source of corruption
through which the public Treasury is robbed, that
gentlemen who hold the cilice of Public Pi inter
acquire in a short time princely fortunes, and that
extensive combinations are formed at the com-
mencement of each Congress by which the print-
ing is to be obtained and controlled. 1 do not make
these charges, nor do 1 say that they are true,
but they are made, and I am glad—yes, sir, 1
congratulate the country, that we have a commit-
tee organized which is to investigate this entire
subject, and to make a report to this House, i
hope, sir, that that investigation may be a rigid
and thorough one, and that this House and the
public may be furnished with all the facts con-
nected with it. "
It is high time that these charges of corruption
that are made in regard to this subject should be
met, and if they are not true, then* falsehood
should be shown, so that they may cease. The
gentleman from Missuui [Air. Piielps] alluded
to the clamor that has been raised against the
Public Printer. I must confess that so fir as I
have investigated the subject, it is a matter of
mystery to me how the Public Printer can be
guilty of corruption, unless there is a collusion
between him and the ascent of the Government
who has the superintendence of the subject. And
yet it is a fact, and one well worthy the consid-
eration of this committee, that the Public Printers
of both Houses of Congress do amass immense
fortunes, ami that reasons are sometimes given
by their friends why we should reelect them to
that office, that they have expended thousands of
dollars m the presidential canvass; that tiiev have
been ready in one paiticular State, or locality, to
open their purses and give large gratuities for the
purpose of carrying elections. The inference fiom
this is, when holders of this oiKce e.an be so lib-
oral in aiding in elections, that we are paying too
much, and that the matter is a proper subjeet of
investigation for tin's House.
.Nov/ the law of 18.V2. passed by-Congress,had
for its object the fixing of puces for the public
printing, and not o.ily that, but it established the
office of Superintendent and defined certain duties
for him to perform These duties are laid down
and expressed so plainly that t'mue can be no mis-
take about them. He is required to keep an ex-
act statement or'all the woik ordered by Con-
gress in the hands of the Public Printer. If he
does his duty he ought to know what amount or-
dered has been executed, what amount is in the
process of completion, and what amount has been
ordered but not commenced. And yrt the gentle-
man from M issom i [.Mr. Pmf.lps] told osthe oth-
er day, when lacked him how much of ihi.-j work
was completed and how much was yet to be done,
that wp weie not to expect the Committee of Ways
and Means to enter into such details or to be aide
to give the House this information. Now we do
expect the Committee of Ways and Means, when
they ask us to vote for a deficiency bill for print-
ing to the amount of nearly a rAillrm of dollars,
to tell us and tell the country wnut amount of
the work for which this money is paid, has been
done, and what has not b *en done. The means
of information are within their control; and how ;
Why, as 1 aoid before, ifthe Superintendent of
Public Printing discharge his dunes, the inform-
ation ism his ome'5; and, heino-open to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that commit tee should
be possessed of it before they ask us to make ap-
propriations of so extensive a character as those
contained in the bull. Ought not the Superintend-
ent, for instance, know w.uit portion of G-dltss's
report istn the Landsol the Printer and how much
ot it is n^t? And I have applied to the proper t
source ofmfornruic n for a mem her of this House, i
as I supposed, and yet the Committee of Ways 1
and Means cannot ar sw< r, nor do I bfiieve any >
member of this House can answer, how much of i
that report is yet unprinted. |
I call the attention of the committee particular- i
iy to another fact. If you investigate this subject!
of public printing, and look at the action of past
Congresses, you will find that that item of the
public expenditure has grown enormously within
the last few years. Let us go back as far as the
jt Thirty-Second Congress, and sec what the ex-
Ij penditure of the public printing of that Congress
amounted to. The expenditure of the Thirty-
jj Second Congress was $950,287 30. The ex-
jj penditure of the Thirty-Third Congress was
$1,61)9,331 51: and of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, §'2,334,087 27. This last item includes
!i tiie amounts estimated in the bill now under con-
|j saleratton; but none of the items include special
h appropriations for special objects. For example:
,! the appi opriarions for the publication of the Sev-
" enth Census, Index to Private Claims, &c.
Mr. NICHOLS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow mc to 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman will excusc
me, if he pleases. If gentlemen want to know
why I do not consent to be interrupted, it is be-
cause I do not intend to have my time occupicd
by members catechizing me on this subject. I
give the information which 1 have from your
Clerk. My calculations are based upon esti-
mates furnished by his office. If erroneous, the
fault is in the figures furnished mc, not in my
calculation based upon those figures.
You find that, in two Congiesses, this item of
expendituie has increased from less than a mil-
lion of dollars to over two millions. And to the
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber I have
this remark to make. During the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, as you well remember, there was, on
this side of the House, or on the part of a large
portion of it, a fixed and settled opposition to this
j! wild and extravagant expenditure m the pubh-
|i cation of books. We, or at least the great body
ji of us, were found opposing every proposition look-
j! ing to the publication of the books which in-
ij creased this expenditure to such an enormous
i! extent. You will find, by an examination of the
Journals of this House, that the resolutions for
their publication generally emanated from your
side of the House. Cut I will say this, m that
conni(tion, that f presume that the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. St\xton",] who ofiered the reso-
lution in reference to the publication of Giliiss's
report, did not suppose, and that no other mem-
ber of the House supposed, that it would reach
, the huge number of volumes it already has. I
j wish to r«*-id to the House the resolution under
j which this lepoithas been printed, and is now
[ being printed:
j <* {iealvc,!, Th:u thete be primed ami hound, by the Pub-
j ho :md iienU'i-ot'tlie roo'i-ii'iii copies of
1 ttie i'*poif. sumI two thousand eopic-f of pie ob-eivatious ot
| tlio Uijtteu u.ival a-aiwpo.me'U expedition to (Jli.ii ;
| live liimdtPd <. < pi< •$ of tSu: ropo; l and o'.<-.<'rvdTion^ tor the
} iho oi : Se-ji-. tui;, of ti'f iVo.y, tv,o bundled and fid v for
tiie -•][! 'i nl of ie\pe(ii;<on, and ;'je lemai'Kli-r lor
di-tiilmtioi: i'. 11" i.icmN'.s oi the pineal Uuu=e; -<ud
worK to mqui'tooi oc Civ., fei m, tb<; woik
^ will admit and the (Jeuiuuttee on may direct."
ij Is there anything in this resolution which con-
j tomplated thai, after its passage, the report was
jj to be enlarged at the discretion of its author and
i] extended to an unlimited number of volumes?
'i Can if, by construction, be tortured into author-
's ity for priming any more manuscript than was
'i then contained in it? Js there in it anything to
i allow Lieutenant GriJlis to go on as he has for four
• ; years r—sir, it was four years ago this resolution i
ij passed—and prepare manuscript, or to go on for !
as man v years more as he may want to and do so,
h to be printed at tne public expense ? I maintain !.
the position, which no man on this floor can con- ,
j| trovfrt, that every sheet of manuscriptfurnished
Ij since the passage of the resolution to the Public '
|i Printer by tiie Superintendent, end every certifl- J
cate tor payment for every bheet so furnished, was !j
11 adiroct and palpable violation of the resolution !;
jj and of law. The same reasons apply to the print- [■
jj ing of the Japan expedition, the Pacific railroad :
Ij survey, Emory's report, and the commercial re- ,
Kii'ons and stamps; the action by which the print- !
h Jiix o" them is now being executed; also as direct ,
^ and nabv.ole violations of the resolutions under ,|
j; wh'ch they were ordered, and of law. '
'! Tiie tientleman from Missouri remarked the ,
1 other day that when there was no division on the ■!
; question of tne publication of these books, he felt i;
• his responsibility alike with that of all the mem- ij
bers on this iioor. I occupy no such position— \i
and why? Because my course on this floor has j
been, from the commencement of my service here
to the present time, a uniform and persistent op-
position to all this expenditure of public money
for the publication of books which are worth-
less in their character. I believe there is not a
member on this floor but will agree wnh me as to
their worthlessness. Here we have ibis history
of Chili, hy Lieutenant Gdliss. We have these
eleven volumes of the Pacific railroad survey.
We have this coast survey, the illustrations of
which cost many thousand dollars. 1 venture
the assertion that there is not a man on this floor
who has ever examined either one of these works
thoroughly—not one. I say, then, to the gentle-
men on the other side of the House, that when
they ran up the cos!, of the printing of the last
Congress (where they had the majority) to
$^334,0^7 27, they arc responsible for it. Now
look at it: you voted these resolutions and propo-
sitions involving this large expenditure; and now
that tins deficiency bill comes in, how many of
yoa wiii vote tor it? You ask us to come and take
the responsibility and vote this appropriation;
and my friend on my left [Mr. Phelps] may ask
me: " S'r, are you in favor of repudiation? Are
you not willing to meet the debts of the Govern-
ment ?" My answer to that is this, that so far as
debts are contracted, so far as the woik is exe-
cuted, I will vote to pay them; but as to work not
executed, I am in favor of stooping it.
Sir,let us contrast the difference between these
items of expenditure for three years, and see how
rapidly it has grown; and then I ask gentlemen
if this matter of the public printing is not well
worthy the attention of Congress?
What does this deficiency bill nsk us to do ? It
is for deficiencies created m the Thirty-Third and
Thirty-Fourth Congresses. This bill asks for an
appropriation of $790,000 to meet the deficiencies
created in the Thirty-Tlnrd and Thirty-Fouith
Congresses. Now, gentlemen, let us look back
to the Thirty-Second and Thirty-Third Con-
gresses, and see what is the history of these de-
ficiency bil's. At the first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, we were callcd upon to vote an
appropriation out of the public Treasury. For
what purpose ? To meet the deficiency created in
regard to this very matter of printing. How much
was the deficiency ? The amount was $127,596 40.
That was at the first session of the Thirty-Third
Congress, to meet a deficiency in the appiopria-
tions of the Thirty-Second Congress.
Mr. STANTON. I think I misapprehended
the gentleman, or he was laboring under a mis-
take. 1 understood him to say that I offered the
resolution in this House for printing Giliiss's
report.
Mr. BUHNETT. I so understood it.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
that lie is entirely mistaken. I have never offered
a resolution for printing extra copies of any re-
port.-
Mr. BURNETT. Then you deserve credit to
thet extent, and yo fuither. ✓
Mr. STANTON. I trust the jrentleman will
aiao do me the credit to any that I have generally
voted with him against all these resolutions.
Mr.IjfJRNKTT Sir, the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, if I recollect ri^ht, voted another deficiency
bill for these very same items for which w1 are now
called on to pass this bill. That deficiency bill,
according to the figures which I have before me,
appropriated money to the amount of $0*25,$77 21,
for deficiencies created in the Thirty-Third Con-
gress. I will give the items:
F<>: nnnni!<5 .<*>201.331 9->
Foi binding :n the Senate  11.000 00
For lithographing  L'9.600 00
Foi lithosnnnlim^ m the House  174.*}on 00
For binding in the [lou>e of Representatives... 8-2,7Jo C6
Sir, these deficiency bills, in my judgment, arc
all wrong. I am for making specific appropria-
tions, and when the money is expended, stopping
at that point until we make additional appropria-
tions necessary to pay for the work. I regard the
present practice as a great evil. Past experience
has shown it to be such; and it is one which is
rapid'y increasing. Perhaps gentlemen w.ll tell
me that it has existed for a iong time, and that
we must, always have deficiency bills. But, sir,
it strikes me that, to a very great extent, we may
avoid them.
"•This mistake aro<efrotn the fact that the resolution was
offered by a namesake of Mr. Stanton,
