THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
—   , .  L-l_jr~ „ „ , 1 , ,  .—J— UJ LJli— J. U ,! 1I.,1. !>J..ML'SigB
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDIiNTGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON.. £>. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, X858.
-New Series,...No. 163.*
was expended, as I understand, by the Clerk of
the last House.
Mr. RUFFJN. I want to know how it came
to be exhausted ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I cannot answer
that question. The present Clerk reports that
there is no money in hand for the purpose s'tated.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order,
and for the purpose of presenting to the House
a character of legislation which has crept into
appropriation bills of late,notthrough the instru-
mentality of either House, but through the in-
strumentality of conference committees. A con-
ference committee has no right to introduce new
matter into an appropriation bill that has been
referred to it on disputed amendments.
The SPEAKER. The chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not stated my point
of order fully. I desire to state it a little more
distinctly. The appropriation for the Senate, in
this case, is one single proposition. I raise the
point that the conference committee cannot intro-
duceanewanddistinctappropriation. TheHouse :
has taken no action on the newmatterintroduced.
Mr. EDIE. Has not the previous question
been called ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not awaie of that.
This appropriation has never been discussed in
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union; and the rule requires that all appropria-
tions shall have their first consideration in the
Committeeof the Y^hole on the state oftheUnion.
It has never been discussed in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; it has never
been discussed, either in the House or in the Sen-
ate. That being the fact, I make the pointof order
that the amendment is not in order in this bill;
and I make the point purely because of the prin-
ciple involved.
The SPEAKER." The Chair overrules the
question of order. It is perfectly competent for
a committee of conference to report an amend-
ment, or to agree, or to disagree, to an amend-
ment with ail amendment. The gentleman from
Alabama will remember that, m this House, the
bill which has given rise, perhaps, to more feel-
ing and discussion than any other considered here,
was matured, from beginning to end, in the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair does not reply to
my point as I make it. I do not pretend to say
that a committee of conference cannot agree wilh
an amendment; but then the amendment must be
of the subject-matter referred to the committee.
Here the committee report a new appropriation,
and not of the subject-matter referred to it. The
instance the Chair has cited is not against my
position. The report of the committee was pre-
cisely of the same subject-matter that was referred
to them. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the !
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ala- j
bama. , i
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the attention of the
Chair to this point. This is an appropriation
which has not been discussed in the Committee ,
of tlie Whole on the state of the Union. Has the j
committee of conference more power than the
House ? The House could not pass the appro-
priation until it had its first consideration 111 the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the lat-
ter branch of the gentleman's point of order; and
his decision is predicated upon the uniform prac-
tice of the House, with which the gentleman from
Alabama must be familiar, that appiopiiations
recommended by the committee of conference are
not required to be discussed in the Committee of
the Whole. The bill has passed beyond that
stage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have only a word to say
in reply to that. .
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I object to this
108
discussion, unless I am allowed to reply. The
previous question has been called.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing that the gen-
tlemen shall-be allowed to reply to me, if he can.
Mr. 'DAVIS, of Maryland, fs it in order for
the committee of conference to make a report on
some matters referred to them, and to disagree to
others ?
The SPEAKER. It has been the uniform prac-
tice of the committees of conference to report as
many amendments as they choose. It reduces
the disagreement between the two Houses.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JACKSON. I now move that the House
recede from its disagreement to the thirtieth
amendment left out of the report; and I desire to !
say a word or two on it. I will not detain the ,
House longer than five minutes. I ask first that ;
the Cleik read the clause inserted by the House, j
and the one which the Senate proposes to substi-/
tute for it. V/
The Clerk read the House clause, as folio
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted. Til fit no pait of the
amount appiopriaiod 'by any act of Confess tor thesr-ei-
vice of any one fiscal j car shall be used for or applied to
the sci vice of any oilier year, 1101 be tiansfeired to or used
foi any biancli of e\pendiiuie than that for which it may
be specifically appropu^tfid : Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall apply to appiopiiations for the present or
next fiscal year."
The Senate amendment, as a substitute for the
House clause, was read, as follows:
" Hereafter the estimates for the vanous ISxecutivc De-
partments shall designate not only the amount returned to
be appropri aied lor the next lineal year, but also the amount
of tiie outstanding appropuation, it' there be any, which will
probably be required to be Used for eacli particular item of
expenditure."
Mr. JACKSON. I desire to call the attention
of the House very briefly to the point of differ-
ence between the Senate and the House, in view
of those two provisions. It will be seen that the
provision of the House amounts to nothing in the
world practical, because it docs not apply to one
dollar of the money appropriated by that bill. The
proviso says that it shall not take effect for the
next two years. The law, as it now stands, pro-
vides that all the money not used in the next two
years shall go into the surplus fund, and shall not
be applied without reappropriation. Therefore,
it is not practical as applied to this bill, i say
that the amendment is useless, and that the House
should recede from it. It is not worth a snap of
my finger as regards the money appropriated in
this bill.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 desire to inquire from my
friend from Georgia, what would be the effect of
striking out the proviso to the House clause?
Would it not then apply to the existing bill?
Mr. JACKSON. Of course it would then ap-
ply, but 1 understand that iliat cannot be done
now. It would be then practical legislation; but
as it now stands it is not practical legislation. It
is incongruous to the bill, and would not affect
a dollar of the appropiiations contained in it.
Therefore, the two Houses should no longer dis-
agree in regard to it.
Further, Mr. Speaker, if it were even practical
legislation, and applied to the appropriations in
the bill, it is wrong. Why do 1 say that? For
the reason that, if it were adopted it would cause
the suspension, on the 1st of July, of all the pub-
lic works of the country, where the appropria-
tions were not expended", but were not reappro-
priated. That would be the practical effect of it,
and I want to know whether any man wants that
| to be done? My friend from Georgia [Mr. Sew-
■ ARD] has a deep interest in a work in his State;
j and -would he like, when the 30th of June came,
j and while the appropriation was still unexpended,
! to have the work stopped and the men discharged
because Congress had not appropriated the
money ? ~
Again, the other part of the House amendment
requires that there shall be no transfer of money
appropriated from one branch of the public ser-
vice to another. I say that that is wrong, as to
the War Department. The law now authorizes
the War Department to transfer appropriations
for forage and supplies from one object'to another.
Indian hostilities break out in one section of the
country. Money is appropriated to suppress them.
They are suppressed. Some of the money is left
in the Treasury. During the recess of Congress
Indian hostilities break out somewhere else. By
the law, as it now stands, the War Department
can transfer any amount of means appropriated
for the purpose of suppressing these hostilities
anywhere; and this amendment would prevent
such a necessary discretion. In my opinion the
amendment is wrong, even if it were practicable;
but I think it does not affect the amount Appro-
priated in this bill at all. The conferees on the
part of the Senate—consisting of two Democrats
and one Republican — were, I believe, unani-
mously against the House amendment, and 1 be-
lieve the private judgment of each of the conferees
oil the part of the House was against it. But the
; gentleman fron Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glamcy
i Jones] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hor-
i ton] thought we were bound to regard what the
House had done, and therefore we insisted upon
it. Hence it comes back to the House. I move
that the House recede from the amendment, aild
on that I demand the previous question,
i Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to submit
a motion to insist, and I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. JACKSON. I will, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to say but
a few words (as this matter has been already dis-
cussed) in reply to the gentleman from Georgia.
He says that the House proviso does not take
effect till after the next-fiscal year. That is true;
and the reason for that ought to have been known
to the gentleman from Georgia. The House
agreed to that amendment on the condition that
it should not apply to the next fiscal year, because
it was said that the estimates had been made on
the basis of using the old appropriations and ap-
plying the surplus to the next fiscal year. At the
suggestion of the gentleman fromTennessee,[Mr.
Jones,] this proviso was added, so that this re-
form should commence in the future, and should
not embarrass the administration of the>Govern-
ment. It does not apply to this or the next fiscal
year, but after that it commences. That is a
sufficient reply in regard to that point.
Now, sir, the proposition is simply this: to
bring back this Government to the original palicy
of appropriating a specific sum of money for a
specific purpose, to be expended by the executive
department within a given time, and to refuse to
the Executive the power to spend this money for
any other purpose or at any other time. The
pioposition is plain, simple, and practical. The
gentleman talks about difficulties m public works
when Congress is not in session. Why, Con-
gress is always in session within three or four
months before the beginning of the fiscal year.
If any disturbances or any difficulties or any
wars grow up in the course of the year, these
difficulties should be submitted to Congress, and
Congress ought to consider whether money ap-
propriated for one purpose should be used for
another, or whether money appropriated for one
fiscal year should be used for another. But by
abuses and by our neglect, the Executive has
seized on all these important powers, and exer-
cises them instead of Congress doing so.
The amendment is simply declaratory of prin-
ciples contained in the Constitution that all
moneys shall be appropriated by Congress. It
simply cures and wipes away the abuses that have
grown up in the administration of the Executive
Departments—not by one party only, but by all
parties—and brings us back to constitutional pnn-
