1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48t
Now, sir, the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] the other day, when the question was
propounded to him, said: " Sir, do you expect
the Committee of Ways and Means to report to
this House legislation stopping this printing? Is
it a part of the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to report such legislation?" He tells
us that it is the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to report appropriations; but, sir,
when that committee asks us to vote a large ap-
propriation of money from the Treasury, u does
strike me that it ouiilit to be able to tell us how
much work has been done, and how much is left
to be done.
Now, 1 will call the attention of the gentleman
from Missouri to another item in tins bill, i see
by the report of die Superintendent of Public
Punting, that there are nems for dry-pressing,
which, as I understand, is smoothing out and pre-
paring the paper for printing. Sir, there is no au-
thority of law for it. They have no authority to
charge for it; yet we find that for five volumes of
one of these works (the Pacific rail road report) this
item for dry-pressing amounts to $U,978. It is
true gentlemen may say that is a remarkably
small amount in the expense of the Congress of
the United States; bin you find that this item
is to be used as a precedent, as one of the items
to be charged for in the public printing. If it is
not legal, then it strikes me that it is the duty of
the Committee of Ways and Means, or of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, rather, to sec
that these charges are not made. We find that
this item of dry-pressing extends through the
whole of the annual repottof the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and amounts in the aggregate
to the snug little sum of near thirty thousand dol-
lars. It has been allowed the Public Printer, and
will be paid him, when the whole charge 13 in
violation of law, and was not contemplated by
the act of
Sir, the means of information which we have
in regard to this whole subject are derived from
the Superintendent's annual repott, and his re-
sponse to the Committee of Ways and Moans.
The latter is uncertain and vague in its meaning
and character. It is impossible for any man to
separate the items as reported by him, so as to
arrive at a correct conclusion as to how much of
this printing has been executed, in order to reach
a proper understanding of the indebtedness of the
Government for it.
Sir, this bill can be reduced; and it presents
itself to my mind most conclusively that it is due
to the1 country that it should bo done. According
to the calculations 1 have made, based upon the
information furnished by the JSuucriniendunt'a
report and the Committee of Ways? and Means,
$420,000 will covei every item ul indebtedness by
the Government for printing, paper, lithograph-
ing, &c. The balance of these deficiencies, m ik-
ing up the sum of $790,000, is for wmk not yet
done, and a large portion of wiueh is still to be
written.
We learn, sir, from the report of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, that three volumes of
Gdhss'sreporthave been completed and delivered.
One volume is nearly ready for the binder. The
other three volumes, which complete the work,
so far as he furnishes any information, arc nut
yet commenced. There are four vo'umes of the
Pacific railroad finished, four in a forward state
of completion, and three volumes which have not
yet been commenced. My friend fiom Missouri
shakes his head. I read from the Superintend-
ent's report to show that I am correct:
2J. Reports 0} explorations and surveys to mccrliin the
most pruchcuble and economical route jjr a railroad from,
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, ordered a.t the sec-
ond session of the Tinity-Thini Congress. The punting of
seven volumes of this repoit has been completed, four of
wiueli iiitve been bound, and tiie other three are noddy
ready for the binder. The K'Uer- press and uio-tof the illus-
trations for the eighth volume aie primed ; but some delay
Wiil be occasioned in its completion m consequence of the
destination by fhe, hi Philadelphia, of ten ot the copper-
plates. it is estimated dint tne entire work, when com-
pleted, will make eleven laige quarto volumes, including
one volume of maps and profiles."
He only furnishes us v/ith an account of eight
volumes; while, at the same time, he states that
the work will embrace eleven volumes. Hence,
three volumes yet remain to be printed. And, sir,
so far as the purpose of the Government m oider-
ing the publication of these Pacific railroad sur-
veys is concerned, I think that we could now
safely abandon what yet remains to be published,
and to stop on the volumes which have been be-
gun just where the work has advanced.
To go on with the report: Emoiy's report of
the survey of the boundary line between tins coun-
try and Mexico, ordered at the first session of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress: one volumecommenced,
the other not. The gentleman from Missouri
remarked, the other day, that the plates for the
second volume had been contracted for in Paris.
However, the letter-press for this second volume
has not been commenced; at least, the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing does not, nor does the
gentleman himself, give us any account on that
point.
Mr. Chairman, I am convinced that if members
of this House would pay some attention to the
cost of these works, there would be less disposi-
tion than there has been heretofore to order their
publication. Look at the second volume of the
Japan Expedition. Every member, I presume,
has received a copy of that volume. It cost the
Government the modest and inconsiderable sum
of $99,633 42!
Mr. BURROUGHS. How much is that per
copy?
Mr. BURNETT. Five dollars and forty cents.
Here, sir, is an estimate of the cost of volumes
three, four, five, six, and seven, of the Pacific
ivilroad surveys*. The maps and illustrations
embraced in these surveys are utterly valueless,
except the one or two which show the lines of
routes and their relative practicability for a line
of railroad to the Pacific slope. All others, ex-
cept those few maps, are utterly worthless. And,
sir, I beg leave to differ with the gentleman from
Missouri, who said that these wot Us embodied a
vast amount of information of a region of country
heretofore unknown; 1 beg leave 10 differ with
him a-? to the value of the information contained
in that work.
The total cost of volumes three, four, five, six,
and seven, is $473,053 96. The illustiations in
them alone cost $19tJ,72i) 24. The maps of the
Coast Survey, extta copies of which we were
again called on the other day to publish, and which
is a work entirely worthless for distribution, cost
$21,715 75.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] inquired
what was the cost of the squirrel picture in the
agricultural portion of the Patent Office report.
Well, sir, the plates of rats, mice, owls, wood-
cock, &c., contained in that work for 1856, plates
whicn in my judgment are unnecessary, and not
worth the paper upon which they are printed, cost
the Government the sum ot'$45,421 22.
With these facia staring us m the face, 1 ap-
peal to you, Mr. Chairman, and to the House,
whethei, even if we must pass this deficiency
appropriation bill, it is not time for us to put an
end to this extravagant expcndituic of the public
money. I voted for the resolution increasing the
number of the agricultural portion of the Patent
Oiiice report, for the reason that 1 believe, with
many other members, that it contained informa-
tion valuable to the agricultural interests of the
country, and which is wanted and demanded by
those interests. But, sir, few of us, I venture to
say, thought by that vote that we were authoriz-
ing the**expenditure of the sum of $.45,^00 for
plates of rats, mice, squiricls, &c. I might refer
to other books, but 1 will not do so now.
There is notagentleman on this committee who
will not agree that these extravagant publications
should be stopped. The g^n Ionian from Mis-
souri and the gentleman from Virginia* botn of
them members of the Committee of Ways and
Means, will agree that these publications fire
wrong. They, sir, are in favor of an economical
expenditure of the public money for printing as
for every other thing. But ought they not to come
here with clean hands in the case of this deficiency
bill, and tell us how much we owe, and how much
we do not? We were told by the gentleman from
Missouri, in his opening remarks', that this bill
was for work already executed. 1 do not under-
stand that this is so from anything 1 have seen on
the subject.
We lind in table No. 3, of the estimates of the
Committee of Ways and Means, furnished by the
Superintendent, that the sum of $74,951t>4 is *}for
printing yet to be executedI have not the expe-
rience either of my friend from Virginia or Mis-
souri aa to the duties of the Committee of Ways
and Means, never having served 011 that ceuamitx
tee; but, as I before stated, it is crrtsirty.tJjeiF;
duty to furnish plain anil correct statements justi-
fying Uie appropriations they usk this House to -
make.
Mr. Chairman, when the Superintendent of
Public Printing furnishes an estimate wlticb he,
says is for work yet to be done, I regard that a&
plain English, nvaniisg, that the work lias not yet
gone into the hands of the Public Printer, or been-
executed by him. What else do we find in the,
estimates, as furnished by the Superintendent ? In,
table No. 4, you find that the Superintendent, in-
accordance wuh law, has issued his certificate for,
the amount of j,104.00U, which amount isdue for
work done; and there is the sum of$63,13298, the
estimate for work not yet d me. When we come
down to the report of the Clerk of this House,'
what do we find? Binding documents for thef*
Thirty-Third Congress; binding seventy thou-
sand extra copies of the Pacific railroad survey;
binding ten thousand copies of the Pacific railroad
report; and so on, with Gilliss's report,&c.
These items, making a sum larger than both of
those referred to in tables No. 3 and 4, is,as I
learn through the Clerk's office of the House, for
work yet to be done. And still Congress mu^t
go on furnishing and publishing works, which np
private publisher in the country would publish',
because they would be regarded of no value by
the trade; and merely because the Thirty-second;
and Thirty-Third Congresses may have ordered
works then written to be published, we are to go
on printing and publishing, ad infinitum, as long
as their authors may think proper to continue to
write; and that, too, at a cost which, befoi-e they
are completed, will reach millions.
Mr. Chan-man, I have effected the object I had
in view in taking the floor. I am in search of
information. I want light. And, sir, if this is a
debt due and owing by the Government under con-
tracts executed and completed, although 1 hav«
uniformly opposed the printing of these books,
and this extravagance in regard to the public print-
ing, as far as 1 couid, I will vote to pay itj for,
I am in favor of paying the debts of the Qovern,-
ment. But, sir, if the work is not yet completed,
I say to gentlemen here, that I never will giva
my couutcance to such legislation.
Mr. Chairman, i believe the first section of this
bill has been read. I move, now, tostrikeout all
after the word " Congresses" in the seventh lift®
to the end of the bill, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
The sum of $430,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
inonov in the Tica-iii v not otherwise appropriated.
Mr LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. 1 should like,
v/ith the consent of the gentleman from Virginia,
to ask one question before he commences lus re-
marks.
Mr. LETCHER. I have only thirty-five min-
utes, and I must decline to give way.
Mr. Chairman, this subject is one of very great
interest and importance; but it certainly never
would have occuned to any man, who had en-
tered this Hall at any time since the close of the
speech of my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Phelps] up to this morning, that anybody felt
the shgntest interest in it, or that jt related in any
way to the interests of the tax-paying people of
this country. When a proposition comes up t.o
appropriate $790,554 27 to pay contracts which
have been the result of the legislation of -this
House, instead of discussing that matter, investi-
gating the items, examining them,and presenting
them in such shape as would make animpressioa
upon the mind of the country, we have l>een en-
tertained with speeches on Kansas, on Mormon-
ism, and every othiSr conceivable subject, until the
time for debate has almost expired, ahd there is
hardly enough left even to notice the prominent
points which are the subject of controversy.
In the remarks which I propose to submit, I
shall confine myself to the legitimate business be-
fore the committee. And, in the first place, ill order
to make myself intelligible, I propose to refer to
the duties of the Committee on Printing, as laid
down in the rules of the House, so that the dis-
tinction between their duties and the duties which
legitimately belong to the Committee ot Ways
aiul Means may be ascertained and appreciated.
According to the rule in regard to the public print-
ing, you have a committee hero, acting m conjunc-
