1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
this deplorable result, the chief one undoubtedly
lias been the extreme and anomalous party action
to which- the Government has been subjected by
the prevalenceof party spirit, that proverbial bane
of all free governments, stimulated to excess by
the magnitude of the prize of victory in the great
quadrennial struggles for the presidential purple—
tlfle thousands of lucrative offices, and the millions
of public treasure belonging, byestablishedusage,
to the victors in these great contests.
That the machine of Government, propelled by
such a motive power, should be driven off the
track, far out of its legitimate course, and often
produce a train of consequence and disasters fatal
to many of the great objects and purposes of its
construction, should not surprise any one. That
a Government thus impelled in its course should
come to be one of deyices and expedients, rather
than one of any sound and settled maxims or
principles of public policy; that, in its operation,
party interests and objects should predominate
over all others; that a general demoralization
should ensue; that liberty should exist in excess
and become license; thatdisorder,corruption,and
crime should more and more abound; that respect
for the laws and all lawful authorities should de-
cline, and that distrust in the stability of the Gov-
ernment itself should gradually infuse itself into
the minds of the sober and thoughtful portion of
the people, who can wonder at or feel surprise ?
Tne experience of the past teaches us to what
dangerous results the extreme party action of the
Government may lead, if no check to its intensity
can be provided. The same experience teaches
us that to do this will be no easy achievement.
No sooner is one great struggle for the possession
of power and its glittering spoils decided, than
the contest is renewed between rival aspirants for
the succession. Invention is again upon the rack;
the whole moral field of adventure, " from Arc-
tic to Antarctic pole,,, is explored for the discov-
ery of some new device—some new issue—some
new scheme of policy by which the popular sym-
pathies and passions may be excited. Since pol-
itics have become a trade, an employment, in
which wealth as well as honor and personal dis-
tinction may be won, the votaries of ambition are
not over-scrupulous as to the means of success.
When all other resources axe exhausted; when
foreign intervention for the protection of trodden-
down nationalities fail them; when schemes of
annexation and further national aggrandizement
offer no immediate prospect of success in winning
popular support; when no quarrel can be picked
with any foreign Power, a favorite resort of many
in seeking to reach the popular heart, the more
desperate do not hesitate to try their fortunes by
exciting and fomenting sectional jealousies and
resentments; anything but general quiet is desir-
able to them. That would be destruction to their
objects. They abhor a political calm as much as
nature is said to abhor a vacuum. Peace is not
what they want. If they had it, they would fling
it away. They prefer a sword. And thus the
country seems doomed to one eternal round of
excitements and agitations. Twice within the
short space of ten years have we seen from such
causes the Government brought to the very verge
of dissolution.
Happily a hope may now be indulged that these
sectional dissensions, which have been so unfor-
tunately fomented, will cease. We have, at least,
a truce; an interval of repose, which may be im-
proved and ripened into permanent quiet, and the
downward tendency of the Government arrested
by a timely diversion of the public mind to ques-
tions and measures of public policy, national in
their character, and more in conformity with the
purposes and objects for which the Government
was established. To do this we must economize
time. If we loiter by the way, if we hesitate,
we are lost. The evil spirit which has been so
successful heretofore in sowing discord, is ever
awake and of a most inventive genius.
Sir, I speak melancholy truths, but I do not
altogether despair of the Republic. The circum-
stances of the times appear to me to be most aus-
picious for a determined and successful effort to
accomplish a great reform. Besides the appre-
hensions as to the future, and the diminished con-
fidence in the stability of the Government itself,
prevailing in the minds of many of the best men
of the country, to which I have before alluded,
the mass of the people have become weary and
tired of the strife and agitation growing out of
these sectional issues. Thousands and tens of
thousands of them are suffering privation from
the prostrate condition of trade and many im-
portant industrial enterprises of the country; and
all the business classes feel that their resources
are diminished, and their productive energies
more or less crippled and paralyzed by the Tate
unparalleled monetary and commercial revulsion.
Happy will it be, if this shock to the great busi-
ness interests of the country, this check to the
general prosperity, shall awaken such a spirit of
inquiry among the people as to the causes which
produced it, as will restore the Government to its
regular and constitutional action, and require the
public functionaries, the trustees of power, and
those who aspire to those great trusts, to give
more of their attention to the public welfare than
to the ways and means of retaining or acquiring
them.
But, sir, there is another circumstance in the
condition of the country, the one to which I al-
luded at the outset of my remarks, which offers
strong inducements to a combined effort to bring
back the Government to its original and constitu-
tional tack, and to correct the further progress of
the vicious principles and practices in its opera-
tion, which threaten to undermine and destroy it.
Twelve months ago, and for the preceding two
years or more, there was a surplus in the public
Treasury of nearly twenty million dollars; and i
this was so, even under the drainage of that pro- '
fuse and extravagant expenditure which has been
so often spoken of. But now, in a time of peace
with all the world, except with one of the corpo-
rations orTerritories of our own system, with no
extra expenditure except that incurred in fitting
out the expedition to Utah, the Treasury is re-
duced to the necessity of appealing to Congress
to supply its wants! In six months from the time
when the pressure upon the money market com-
menced, notwithstanding the surplus then in the
Treasury, and the $28,000,000 of current receipts
in the first two quarters of the fiscal year 1857,
the Government, technically speaking, was re-
duced to bankruptcy. An application was made
at the openingof Congress for a loan of $20,000,000
in the form of Treasury notes. It was sustained
and carried through under the whip and spur of
immediate necessity; the honorable Senator from
Virginia telling us that in a fortnight from the
time when he spoke, the Treasury would be abso-
lutely exhausted if we failed to pass that bill;
while the Secretary of the Treasury, in his letter
applying for that issue, intimated distinctly that
the $20,000,GOO were only asked as a precaution
against a possible deficit, and might not bo needed
at all. Yet, sir, within four months from that time
we have an application for an additional loan of
$15,000,000! To do what? To carry the Gov-
ernment through the present fiscal year ending
on the 30th June next, and until the next session
of Congress; thus adding to the public debt of
the country, in one year, $35,000,000. Independ-
ently and outside of the loan of $15,000,000 now
asked, the means provided for the expenditure of
the Government within the present fiscal year,
including the surplus in the Treasury at the be-
ginning of it, the current receipts from customs
and thepublic!ands,togetherwith the #20,000,000
of Treasury notes, exceed eighty million dollars.
Such is the condition of the Treasury and of the
country; anew debt of $35,000,000, and an annual
expenditure of upwards of eighty millions! And
unless the expectation of the honorable Senator
from Virginia be realized in regard to the revival
of trade next year, of which I see no prospect, at
least to the extent he estimates, by the time an-
other fiscal year closes we shall be burdened with
a public debt far exceeding the debt at the close
of an expensive war with Mexico. In the mean
time, the depression of trade, and of most of the
great industrial employments of the country,
caused by the late revulsion, continues with little
abatement.
Is there not enough in all these circumstances
to awaken inquiry among the people into the
causes which have brought so many evils upon
the country ? To show how much dependence
ought to be placed in those who now control the
Government and dictate the policy of the coun-
try for the correction of the multiplied evils of the
times, we may learn, once for all, from their con-
duct in relation to the present condition of the
Treasury and to the business interests of the
country generally. Afterthe lapse of half a year
from the time of the extreme poigt of depression
caused by the late commercial revulsion; after the
exhaustion of the large surplus of more than
eighteen millions in the Treasury when the pres-
sure began, and of all intermediate receipts what-
ever, a loan of $20,000,-000 in Treasury notes,
reissuable in addition, was found to be insufficient
to cany on the Government; and when the re-
ceipts into the Treasury from all sourccs have
fallen off one half, the Secretary of the Treasury
sends a special report to Congress simply asking
for a further loan of $15,000,000, which he thinks
may be necessary to enable the Government to
fulfill its engagements until Congress shall assem-
ble again; and further stating, in the coolcst man~
ner possible, that it is not deemed expedient to
make any change in the existing provisions of
law for raising revenue, inasmuch as the times
have not been favorable for testing the operation
of the act of March, 1857.
Truly, sir, the condition of the business and
trade of the country has not been favorable for any
such purpose; and, unfortunately, in the judg-
ment of the most experienced business men, there
is no prospect that the time will ever come when
the revenues raised under that act, without a de-
cided change in the regulations or mode prescribed
for the collection of duties under it, will ever be
sufficient for the support of the Government. It
is remarkable that in this report the Secretary
does not make any suggestion as to the expedi-
ency of providing any relief for the suffering in-
terests of the country. But what is most remark-
able and significant of the future is, that the Senate
Committee on Finance adopt all the views of the
Secretary, and report a bill for this new Joan, car-
rying the publicdebt in one year up to$35,000,000,
but fail to make any provision for its redemption,
or for supplying the future wants of the Treas-
ury. Never in the history of any free Govern-
ment, or one pretending to be free—certainly not
in Great Britain since the expulsion of the Stuarts,
nor in this country—has there been an instance of
such indifference to the business interests of the
country, and such utter disregard manifested,by
the public functionaries having charge of the sub-
ject, of all the guards and precautions necessary
to the protection of public credit. Sir, had a min-
ister of the British Crown, with a sanction of his
colleagues, brought forward a naked proposition
for a loan in the British House of Commons under
similar circumstances, how would it have been
treated? Such a storm of indignation would have
arisen as would have quickly expelled them in
disgrace from power. But one of two things
could have been predicated of them: either that
they were totally incompetent, or that they were
indifferent to the public interests, and disposed to
trifle with the feelings and insult the intelligence
of the country.
Mr. President, the late commercial and mone-
tary revulsion in this country, in the opinion of
the able writer of an article m a late number of
the Edingburgh Review, has had no parallel in
Europe since " the breaking up of the great South
sea scheme;" and yet in the American Congress
there is no investigation, by a committee, of the
causes which produced it, nor any inquiry as to
any means in the power of Congress to adopt,
either to prevent or to mitigate the severity of sim-
ilar revulsions m future; nor is there likely to be
any, or but a very slight discussion of those im-
portant subjects. I can easily conjecture the pol-
icy which may influence those who have the con-
duct of affairs at the present time in then* hands,
in desiring that this bill should pass with but
slight consideration or discussion of the great sub-
jects directly connected with it; but! cannot quite
reconcile their policy in this respect to the true in-
terests of the country. It may suit their ends
very well that this monetary and commercial
crisis shall be permitted to pass without attracting
any large share of public attention to its origin;
but I am not sure that the country will gain any-
thing by this course. However that may be, it
is very certain that neither the President, nor the
