532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
Secretary of the Treasury, nor thehonorable Sena-
tor from "Virginia, is pi'epared to admit that the late
revulsion has been in any degree brought about
by the policy of the Government, or by any false
theories of political economy, either in regard to
trade or currency, held by the party which has
so long controlled it.
The honorable Senator fromVirginiahas briefly
presented his views on the subject before the Sen-
ate, and he has done so skillfully, and I may say
in one respect ably, but not with the frankness
that I would have expected from the character of
the honorable Senator. He can see in the present
depressed condition of the trade and industrial
enterprises of the country no cause for any change
in our present commercial regulations or revenue
system; no cause for the aaoption of any new
policy on the part of the Government either to re-
store confidence and hasten the revival of trade, or
to replenish the Treasury at the present time; nor
does he anticipate that there will be any cause for
such change in the future. He looks confidently
to the native energies and recuperative powers of
the people to overcome all obstacles, to retrieve
all disasters, and effect an early revival of trade
and industry in all its branches. He has his
theory of finance, trade, and currency, which he is
content to stand by; but, sir, he has, as it appears
to me—I beg his pardon if 1 do him any injustice
—with studious caution avoided saying one word
as to the causes which have led to the late com-
mercial and monetary catastrophe; nor does he
suggest any remedy for such evils in future. On
the contrary, he openly avows his fears that any
change winch may be made in our present rev-
enue system will tend to retard the progress of
free-trade principles. The maxim is now, as at
another memorable period in the financial and
commercial history of the country, " the Govern-
ment is able to take cave of itself; let the people
take care of themselves." Yes, sir; the Govern-
ment is able to take core of itself, If the ordi-
nary and current receipts of gold into the Treas-
ury are not sufficient, the Government can borrow
enough to supply all deficiencies. The holders
of the millions of gold hoarded in the banks, or
in private coffers, will prefer lending to the Gov-
ernment at a low interest, to any investment they
can make in private enterprises, at a much higher
rate of interest, at a time when they can see no
prospect of the adoption of a wiser policy by the
Government. The policy of the Administration
isnowin perfect conformity with the maxims and
principles of the Democratic Administration of
1838, when the sub-Treasury was first established.
I do not charge them with any inconsistency.
They have either to adhere to their policy of 1838,
or to abandon their theories of political economy
as utterly unsound, or at least inapplicable to the ||
condition of tliM countiy. The only j^iound upon
which then- natiiotism can be impeached is, that
after experience has so often demonstrated the
fallacy of their commercial and mnnetat y theories,
in a manner so aifhctive to the country, they have
not the frankness or moral courage to openly avow
the necessity of adopting and acting upon some
modification of their former opinions and doc-
trines.
i said that the honorable Senator from Virginia
had carefully avoided to touch upon the causes of i
the kite revulsion. The President, however, is 1
more adventurous; he has given us a description 1
of the condition of the country, in Ins late annual j
message, so graphic, and at the same time so true, |
that 1 beg leave to lead it to the Senate: j
*■ The eatth lias yielded hei truas abundantly, and has !
nounulullv rowanli-d the tod <A the hu^M'uiman.' Our areat
staples* have commanded limit puct s, and, up nil within a i
brief fn-uoii, our manufaetm ttig, minrsai. and mechanical j
occupation* have largely partaken ot' the gi-octal pio^perity. |
Wy have po^-i'-^ed all the element* ot inatdiai weais!) m !
ri<jh abundance, and yut, notwiih-iandmsi all thet-o advant- !
ayes, our eountiv. in in nionet.uv mteie^i-. is at the pres- j
eut moaii'rtt m a deploiaMo condition, in the maUt or un - i
Mirpaw-d plenty m all the pioduction--of ugneulime and in 1
all the clcin-iiitr oi national wealth, w«* find nui mnnulae- ,
tute- Mi-peuiled, on, public woik < retarded, our privat'1 en- ]
tejpii.-.<--. uf d.!\er-'nt kinds abandoned, and thousand-, of ;
Useful iaborw& thrown out ot' employment and reduced to 1
vanr " i
Following this faithful picture of the effects of i
the late iwul>'i< n m those sections of the country i
which have suiieied most, these remarkable pas- i
sages may he found: |
u It our duty to inquire what Inn produced <aieh unfor '
tun ate results, and whether their recurrence can be prer
vented? In all former revulsions, the blame might have
been fairly attributed to a variety of cooperating causes ;
but not so upon the present occasion. It is apparent that
our eccistmg misfortunes have proceeded solely Jrom our ex-
travagant und vicious system of paper currency and bank
credits, exciting the people to wild speculations and gam-
bling m stocks."
After this bold and confident announcement that
the disasters of the late revulsion have proceeded
solely from " our extravagant and vicious system
of paper currency and bank credits," the Pres-
ident proceeds to console us with the assurance
that " these revulsions must continue to occur at
successive intervals as long as the amount of the
paper circulation, bank facilities, and discounts
are left to the discretion of fourteen hundred ir-
responsible banking institutions;" and he further
announces, that to This cause may be assigned the
character " of our financial history for the last
forty years," which, he states, has been one of
" extravagant expansions in the business of the
country, followed by ruinous contractions."
These views of the President, if well founded, are
of the greatest importance, and should be well
understood by the country,
1 will now; with the consent of the Senate, read
a few passages from the British journal to which
i have before alluded, and which may be regarded
as the exponent, as it unquestionably is, of the
views of the leading champions of the present pol-
icy of Great Britain on the subjects of trade and
currency:
" The concurring panics of "England and America present
an instructive contrast. Theyoccuired under dissimilar
circumstances, and they have issued m different rctulu.
In the United States there was a new country, a boundless
extent of unappiopriated land, a public debt scarcely ex-
ceeding the revenue of a single year, a field for employ-
ment so ample as to cause a constant influx of labor and
capital from Euiope,aud resources progressively developed
during years ofumntenupted peace. In England theie was
an old nnd densely-peopled country, land so completely ap-
propriated as to leave no field spot ' where, without tres-
pass, we could plantat'oot,'a weight of debt which no other
country in the woild has evei been called upon to bear, a
field of employments overcrowded as to cause an annual
exodu* of laboi and capital fiom the land, and resouiees
diminished by the v«v*t expenditure of the Russian, Persian,
and Chinese wars, ^till subject to a heavy diam for the sup-
pression of the Indian revolt. Who, upon glancing at these
contiaMms antecedents, could have hesitated to infer that
the occurrence of a commercial levulsion would have
proved bevond comparison more disastrous in England than
in the (Jmted States? Who could have anticipated that
when a pie^ure came, America would fall, while England
stood apparently unharmed ? Yet such has been the actual
iomiU. Aioeiica -<ank ar the first upheaving of the storm.
England did not bend to it until a desolating wave from the
tioublcd waters of the Wc-thad bioken upon her shores.
I low can thi.- apparent reversal of the natural sequence of
events he accounted lot ? By what latent agency has weak-
ness been conjoined with the elements of strength, and
stiengtli with the cau«i> of dcclme? This unusual con-
junction, however anomalous and mysterious it may appear,
admits of easy explanation. Anieuca lias an ill-regulated,
England a well-regulated cuirvney. In both countries the
law requires that the note circulation shall be convertible
into irold upon demand; but in the United States the main-
tenance ol a sufficient supply of gold to secuie the lullill-
Mient oi the leual lcqunements  > mounted to thediscretion
of the hanks while in England it is secured by the provis-
ions of the act of
Every fact, every statement expressed in this
extract, deserves serious attention and study, re-
membering that the article was written by an Eng-
lishman, a supporter of British policy and British
interests, which are deeply involved in the com-
mercial policy which this country shall adopt.
No exposition of the striking contrast in the cir-
cumstances and condition of the two countries
could be more clearly conceived or forcibly ex-
pressed; and showing, what the writer did not
intend to show, that, if an unrestricted commerce
was the policy of the one, it could not be so of
the other.
My friend from North Carolina fMr. Cling-
m vn] suggests that the bank act of 1844 was sus-
pended in the late revulsion.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was suspended by the
British Ministry immediately upon the revulsion
occurring.
Mr. BELL. There was no suspension of specie
payments by the bank. There was a suspension,
at the suggestion of the Ministers of the Crown,
of the restriction imposed upon the amount of the
notes the bank was authorized to issue by that
act; and the bank proceeded to issue a large
amount, 1 believe, of one pound notes—not to
protect the bank itself, or the Government, from
discredit, but for the relief of the suffering busi-
ness interests of the country, and thereby prevent
the bankruptcy of thousands. That is the differ-
ence between English policy, English wisdom,
and American policy and folly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator excuse
me for interrupting him for a moment ?
Mr. BELL. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I understand the mat-
ter, the Bank of England was only authorized to
issue dollar for dollar upon the securities it held
and the specie it had; and the consequence was
that when this difficulty occurred, there was no
danger of its suspending specie payments; but
the act was suspended so as to allow it to issue
more. The safety of the system, in England,
seems to have arisen from the fact that the bank
could only issue in proportion to the bullion it
had. Now, do I understand the gentleman as
favoring, in the United States, a proposition to
put our banks on the same footing, and require
them only to issue a paper dollar where they nave
a dollar in bullion to meet it? Do I understand
him as advocating that policy here ?
Mr. BELL. My friend from North Carolina
will understand me presently. I see his object,
but I do not mean to commit myself to any fofly,
if I know it. He will presently see what my
views are on the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I only meant this: the
gentleman spoke of the folly of the United States
as compared with England. I admit England is
wiser; and I wanted to see if we could get at the
English system, so as to prevent the over-issue of
our banks, which I presume led to the evil.
Mr. BELL. I see the Senator'smind isdirected
to the same object that mine is in respect to cur-
rency, though we may differ as to the means by
which that object is to be reached. Yes, sir, Eng-
land is wiser, not only in regard to the restrictions
she has imposed on bank issues, but wiser in her
commercial policy. There is not a principle or
dogma of political economy, as now taught m the
schools, in regard to which England, in my judg-
ment, may not be said to have reached the very
acme of wisdom, in its practical application of
them, in its broad admission orqualiiied rejection,
in its enactments relative to all the important in-
dustrial and commercial interests of her people
and her empire. England rejects a'principle or
a policy at one time, which she adopts at another,
just as her condition and varied circumstances
demand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator says England
is wiser in her commercial regulations. Does he
allude to her having a lower tariff, a lower rate
of duties than the United States? If so, can he
support this measure, which will, in its effect,
largely increase our present duties?
Mr. BELL. What measure ?
Mr, CLINGMAN. The measure introduced
by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. BELL, I will try to satisfy the Senator
as to what my views are before I conclude; but
I do not suppose that he and I shall agree alto-
gether.
My object in calling the attention of the Senate
to the extract from a British journal, which haa
just been read, was to show that a high British
authority agreed with our President in attributing
all the mischief, and the rum to thousands which
have resulted from the late revulsion, to the ill-
regulated paper currency of the country—to the
abuses of our banking system, and to that cause
alone.
I am not at all surprised to find tliis concurrence
of sentiment between English statesmen and the
President upon this point. But, assuming that
the true and sole cause of the late revulsion and
all its train of evils—which, by-the-by, I deny—
under which the country is now suffering, is
justly attributable to the banks;and when,more
especially, we are warned that these ruinous re-
vulsions, at stated intervals, are never to end as
long as we have a paper currency consisting of
notes issued by so great a number of irrespons-
ible banks, it becomes a subject of the last im-
portance to inquire whether any remedy can be
found for so great a mischief? The President, us
he ought, has felt the force of this obligation
resting upon himself. And what, sir, is the rem-
edy which he prescribes ? A bankrupt law, to in-
clude banks U-a war against the banks!
