1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
power to create these Federal officers, whether
they are executive, civil, or judieial officers; and
they do not fall within either class. I think the
utmost power we have-got towards the legislation
which is proposed, is to authorize the appoint-
ment of a guard or police sufficient to protect the
public property growing out of the necessities of
the Government.
Again, they have provided in this bill that this
chief of police, with the Mayor, the district attor-
ney, and the marshal of this District, shall estab-
lish rules and regulations for this guard. That
contemplates,in my opinion, to some extent,legis-
lative powers, because these rules and regulations
certaialy look to the efficiency of these men. They
extend to them power to arrest a citizen on the
streets, and, therefore, they must,define the limits
of power now attempted to be confided to this
auxiliary guard; they must say in what cases they
must arrest, and in what cases they must put a
man in the watch-house, or the lock-up, as it is
called. 1 say that some limitations should be put
upon these one hundred men who are thus to be
clothed with the powers and duties of police. No
such power ought to be vested in the hands of the
Mayor, in the hands of the Executive, or in the
hands of any officer, where the law does not de-
fine the rule of action and make them responsible
for their abuse of power.
JNow, I ask the gentleman from Virginia to
show me where any one of these one hundred
men, or the chief, or captain, is made responsible
for his conduct in office, for false imprisonment,
or for false and malicious arrests. There is no
restraint upon them; and 1 say, that in the ab-
sence of any law defining or limiting their powers,
they would became a dangerous force in the midst
of this people, and especially where they may en-
gage in political excitements, and arrest any man
at will, no matter how respectable he may be, if
he differs from them politically.
So that I say, if we are to legislate upon this
subject, let us legislate uiiderstamlingly. I say,
let the Mayor, the Common Council, and the cor-
porate authorities, take the responsibility of reg-
ulating their own government, and enforcing then-
own police regulations, and you will then have
no conflict between the Government of the United
States and the local authorities.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. [ do not
know that I can say all that 1 wish to on this
question on account of the condition of my lungs;
but 1 must say a few words. It was stated by
the gentleman, the chairman of the committee
who brought forward this bill, [Mr. Goodf.,] that
the men of this auxiliary guard would be Federal
officers; and he made a constitutional point upon
the proposed amendment of the gentleman from
New York, that the power of appointment must
be conferred upon the President of the United
States or upon the Secretary of the Interior. He
regards the force he is supplying as a Federal
force, and the officers as Federal officers; and he
proposes to give you a corps of one hundred Fed-
eral officers—for what? To carry out the police
regulationsofa municipal corporation. The char-
ter of the city pf Washington confers the right of
appointment upon the Mayor; the right to estab-
lish, and the regulation of, the watch and of the
police, upon the Board of Aldermen and Council-
men of this city. That charter confers municipal
vested rights, and you cannot repeal them except
through the judicial tribunals. Can the Congress
of the United States repeal that act of incorpora-
tion except for an abuse of the charter privilege,
or by the consent of the coiporation ?
The power of appointment is vested in the
Mayor. The powers granted to the corporation
involve all the power connected with police regu-
lations, with the night and day watch, with the
municipal administration, so far as the vigilance
and detective police is concerned. But if you have
the power of repeal, this is an attempt upon the
part ot this committee to usurp the powers of the
corporation, and to vest them in the head of the
General Government. I am opposed to it upon
that ground. J say nothing at all about the parti-
san character of the bill, or of the partisan abuses
which may flow from it. I plant my opposition to
the bill, not only upon its general policy, but upon
the positive illegality of the usurpation.
Mr. WRIGH 1', of Georgia. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question, to see if I understood his
pbbiutrm Do 1 tmdferstanS thte gentlemstn frWm
Kentucky to assume the position that the act of
incorporation of a city for municipal purposes can-
not be modified, altered, or repealed, by the Gov-
ernment which incorporated it?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. By consent
of the incorporators.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. And not without ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Not without, unless the
power is reserved in the act of incorporation.
It is of no use to discuss the legal proposition
as to the power to amend a charter. I present to
you this fact: that here is a charter; that that
charter is to-day the law of this city; and that the
powers which this bill proposes to confer upon
the Presidentare by that charterconferred upon the
Mayor and Board of Aldermen and Councilmen.
This is not a bill to amend the charter; it is not a
bill to repeal the charter. It is a bill to establish
a corps of one hundred Federal officers. It is a
proposition, without repealing that charter—a
charter where this law prevails; where you leave
these powers distinct; where you leave them ex-
press—to usurp the powers of this corporation by
substituting a pretorian guard in their place—a
uniformed corps of pensioners upon the Treasury
—to do what? To carry outthe police regulations
of a municipal corporation.
Now, I ask gentlemen upon all sides of the
House, without at all going into partisan views,
whether that is not a small business for the Pres-
dent of the United States and tl^e Secretary of the
Interior? I bold that we had better leave the ad-
ministration of municipal affairs in this city to
the municipal council or head. If you want to
give them an auxiliary guard, if you want to in-
crease that force to one hundred men,expand the
laws. You have now a law upon your statute-
book for the establishment of an auxiliary guard.
It did not occur to the legislators who passed that
law that the appointing power in the city of Wash-
ington should reside anywhere else than in the
Mayor, for the appointing power is given directly
to him by the charter. Why do you want now,
at this season of the year, to take away from the
Mayor of the city of Washington the power which
the charter confers upon him ; Why do you want
to vest m the President and the Secretary of the
Interiorthe powers which are vested in the Mayor
by the charter? Why, then, do you not attempt
to repeal the charter? Why do you not attempt
to modify the charter by taking away the power
of appointment which the charter confers upon
the Mayor? Why do you attempt to intervene by
transferring the power to the President, and yet
leave the law untouched ? If it is the sense of Con-
gress that the Mayor of Washington, who is the
head of the municipality, ought not to have the
power of appointing the police force, let us repeal
the law. If you believe we have the power to
repeal a municipal charter, let us repeal so much
of it as relates to the power of appointment, and
give it to the President. Let us not leave upon the
statute-book a power conferred upon the Mayor
by law, as the head of the civic administration,
and at the same time give the power to appoint
one hundred men to the President.
The charter of the city of Washington provides
that all these men shall be removable at the pleas-
ure of the Mayor. Are you going to leave it upon
the statute-books that when the President of the
United States appoints an officer here the Mayor
of the city may remove him the next morning?
Mr. WRIGHT, ofGeorgia. I desire to ask the
gentleman, with his permission, another question.
Suppose the Legislature passes two acts, one of
which is inconsistent with the other: which act,
the first or the last, is the law of the land?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will reply
to that question in true Yankee fashion, by asking
the gentleman from Georgia if he proposes, by
this act, to repeal the appointing power of the
Mayor ?
Mr. BURNETT. So far as this guard is con-
cerned.
Mr. GOODE. The Mayor has nothing to do
with this.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. On turning
to the charter, I find, among the powers of the
Mayor, tffe following:
" Ho shall nominate arid, with tlie consent of the Board
of Alderman, appoint all officers underlie corpntation, and
may remove aa-y said officer from office, at his v/ill and
pleasure.
And than, sir* the powers of the fctftptu'ation are
defined, to establish a watch or patrol, to estab-
lish such regulations as are necessary for the
public health of the city, to provide for licensing,
and so on, giving them all the possible powers
which can belong to the police department of a
city.
Now, you propose to do—what? To give to the
Federal Executive the power of appointing one
hundred men. To do what? Read your bill, and
you will see that it is not only to protect person
and property, but to enforce the laws that may be
established by the corporate authorities of the city
of Washington:
" There shall be established an auxiliary guard for the
protection of public and. private property, and for the en-
forcemeul of the police regulations of the city of Washing-
ton."
Whose regulations ? The regulations of the
President, or of the Mayor and Board of Alder-
men ? You are creating this corps, to be appointed
by the President, to carry out the regulations
which these men may make under these chartered
powers; and yet you tell me that they cannot ex-
ercise upon the appointees the removing power
with which they are invested. It will not do.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would like the gentle-
man to look a little further into the bill, and see
if he does not find that the head of the police, with
the consent of the Secretary of the Interior, has
power to remove these officers, thereby showing
conclusively that the Mayor has no control over
the matter?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It does not
show that conclusively, to my mind, because many
times have I seen a stream flow from two sources,
as well as one. I admit that the bill gives the
power of removal to the chief of police, with the
consent of the Secretary of the Interior; but I sub-
mit it to the gentleman, as a lawyer, that that does
not exclude the conclusion that the Mayor may
remove too.
Mr. SINGLETON. I think it does.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
plant myself upon that legal proposition if my
head was at stake. There can be no difficulty
about it. I take the position that, although you
confer upon the head of the police the power to
remove, if the charter confers upon the Mayor the
power to remove the officers who are carrying out
the police regulations of the city, those two pow-
ers of removal are not so distinct as to be incom-
patible with one another, and that the Mayor can
remove under the chartcr, as well as your chief
of police can under the law. Why not conform
to the law? Why should we run into difficulty*
in order that the President may appoint these one
hundred men? Why should we usurp the civic
administration of this city, tax the Treasury of<
the people of this country, and, at the same time,
deprive the people of this city of the power of
self-government?
It will not be news to any of the members of
this House, that I am not willing to see the Pres-
ident of the United States made the head of the
civic administration of the police department of
Washington. I think there is great soundness in
the suggestion of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Seward.] If we want a guard to protect
the public property, let us take the matter from
the civic administration of the city altogether, and
establish a guard to protect the public property;
but when we want a guard to protect person, and
enforce the police regulations of the city of Wash-
ington, let us leave to the corporate authorities
the creation of the force and the disposal of that
force. Why drop the Mayor? Why not leove
him this power that he has had? What is the
matter with the Mayor? He is a gentleman of
your own party. No man knows better than I do
the extreme exertions that were made to place him
in power. Why will you now, upon the very
eve of his reelection, attempt, through this high
House, to pronounce condemnation upon him?
What has he done that you should attempt to strip
the mayoralty of this chartered power? What
has he done? I do not choose to go into that
branch of the question. I do not think it is likely
to throw any light upon the subject, or upon the
path which we ought to pursue. Certainly, I do
not intend to do or say anything that would pro-
voke the bitternees of partisanship here. But if
this man who is now the head of the pivic admin-
istration has so used the powers with which he
hfcs been irtVeWtbl3,ag tb have bVtfughtddwn upon
