1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was engraved at an expense of $1,500. Well,
now, sir, it is asked that these nine maps shall be
engraved and printed. The expense for printing
alone, to say nothing of the cost of engraving, is
estimated at about $15,000; for paper, $3,(500;
making a cost of $18,800 for publishing these
maps. Then the cost of engrax'ingis so much in
addition, which, according to the estimate 1 have,
.will amount to the neat little sum of $40,000 more;
so that when you come to foot up the bill for print-
ing this report of the boundary survey by Major
Emory, you find that the total cost of printing the
report is ^340,021 76!
Now, sir, when was! the printing of that report
ordered ? It was ordered at the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress.
Well, now, sir, I come to the printing of the
reporton Commercial Relations. The first, third,
and fourth volumes o£ that report have been
printed. Let us see how it got into this House,
and let us see upon what information the House
acted. I refer to the Congressional Globe, vol-
ume 32, part first, page 630:
" Mr, Jones, of Tennessee. X wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois if he lias made any estimate, or leccivedauy,
as to what size the work is Itkeiy to be—how many vol-
umes, and how many pages quarto, jt will be likely to make ?
" Mr. Washburne. It will make one volume quarto, 1
suppose, of about three hundred pages. It is important, as
I stated before, that it should be printed in quarto lorni, be-
cause it embraces tables vvhicl) it will be difficult to print
on pages of less size.
" Mr. Jones. Itseems, Mr. Speaker, to mc. fiorn the pile
of papers upon your table, that the work must be a very
voluminous one ; and the character ot tlio woik i&one that
will be very expensive in printing. It will bo Jully as Jaigo,
t should think, as the large volume of the census repoit."
■ Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Read the res-
olution which was offered.
Mr. LETCHER. The resolution was in these
words:
« Resolved* That the answer of the Presulentof the Uni-
ted State? to the resolution of the House of Keprc>entativesj
of December 14,1853, upon the commeiciai relations of the
United States with all loreign nations.be printed by the
Printer of this House m quarto form, under the direction of
the Secretary ol State, who is hereby auihonzeil to cause
all corrections therein, which, m the course of pnjitina,
may be found requisite, to be made, and also cause to bo
made all additions theretoofcommercialmtotmarion which,
subsequently to the transmission of said urmvoia to this
House, may reach the Department of State, vvluch shall, by
him, be deemed of sufficient importance."
Yet, sir, we have now gotten the first volume,
of ej^ht hundred and twenty-eight pages; the
third volume, of seven hundred and ninety-two
pages; the fourth volume, of seven hundred and
six pages. The second volume is not yet printed,
and as it is to be the to, it is hard to guess, even,
how many pages it will contain. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I refer to page 790 of the same volume,
where the Committee on Printing made their re-
port upon the same subject:
" Mr. Cra-oin also, from the same committee, to whom
wa9 referred a resolution of the House of Maren 10, 18.VJ,
instructing the committee to inquire into liie expediency of
printing twenty thousand copies extia of the me- a«c and
accompanying documents from the President of the United
States, m reference to the commercial lelationsof the Uni-
ted Stales with all foreign nations, and into the probable
co?-t per volume of printing the Fame, presented a report
'that the committee had made inquiry and had amved at the
conclusion that the probable cost of printing the same would
be $1 09 per volume; and in relation to the extra copies
the committee report the following resolution :
11 Resolved, That ten thousand copies extra of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents from the President of
the United States, in relation to the commeiciai iclations of
the United States with all foreign nations, being the com-
parative tariff and commercial statistics of all nations, as
prepared by the Secretary of State, be punted for the use of
the House, and five hundred copies additional for the u>e
of the State Dcpaitment, arid that the same be printed in
quarto form
<{ Mr. Jon^js, of Tennessee. I wish to inquiie whether
the 59 per volume includes the binding?
" Mr. Cragin. It does. i call for the previous question.
"The ptevious question was seconded, and the mam
question ordered ; and under the operation theieof the res-
olution was adopted."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Right here I
wish to ask a question. It is, whether the reso-
lution authorizes the publication of any matter
other than that then prepared ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; it provides that
theinfommtiort subsequently famished shall be pub-
lished.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If I understood
the resolution just read, it authorizes the publica-
tion of nothing except the matter then reported,
and before the House.
Mr. LETCHER. The first resolution directed
that tho report should be printed, and provided
that all subsequent matter which should be fur-
nished should be printed, with what was then
before the House. When the resolution went to
the Committee on Printing, after consideration
they reported back that the extra copies should be
printed. The committee reported that the print-
ing would cost $1 59pervoIume. Whether more
than one volume or not was contemplated, I leave
the House to infer.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I say nothing
about subsequent matter.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the meaning of the
declaration of #1 59 per voltime, if there was not
a doubt about the number of volumes ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I say , sir, that the report for
the printing of that document was based upon an
official communication from the Department of
State to the Committee on Printing, in which the
work was estimated at four hundred and fifty
pages, and the exact number of words in a page.
Sir. LETCHER. Then it is only surprising
^ to me that when the Departmeitt had estimated it
at three hundred and fifty pages, and when the
gentleman who introduced the resolution, and the
Committee on Printing-subsequently estimated it
at four hundied and fifty, they should not have
inquired into the discrepancy.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The discrep-
ancy is caused by the fact that additional matter
was supplied.
Mr. LETCHER. Grant it to be so; but will
the gentleman from Georgiaundertake to say that
this House had the most distant idea, at the time
it ordered that book to be printed, how many vol-
umes it was ordering, or what the cost of print-
ing would be ?•
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think we did.
The gentleman says that 1 have waked up late.
1 recollect the fact?; and 1 will say that I never
contemplated, by my vote, to order anything to be
published except that embraced by the report of
the Committee on Printing. And, sir, I will never
sanction the going on and gathering up other ma-
terial to make four or five volumes.
Mr. LETCHER. These volumes were pub-
lished at the last session of Congress, as well as
at this session of Congress. When the deficiency
bill for printing was up here last year, why did
not my friend from Georgia then raise his voice
against this outrage of writing books and pub-
lishing books beyond the number submitted to
this House for consideration > Then was the time
to have stopped it, and then the time to rebuke
j the extravagance of the House.
; Look at the manner in which this thing is done.
Here are the first, third, and fourth volumes, leav-
ing the second volume lobe written last, in order
! th.it, when it is printed, the work will be complete.
I The first volume of that book cost $23,659 98; the
| third volume, $43,263 G7; the fourth, |39,771 46;
j and when the second is done, at the average cost
| of those which have been printed already, it will
1 amount to the round sum of §148,926 81 f6r the
1 Commercial Relations. That book was ordered
at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Well, sir, I will go to another set of books.
The mechanical portion of the Patent Office re-
port for the year 1856—and the last one printed—
cost $110,638 20, and the agricultural portion
$147,199 64. f say nothing about the illustrations
to winch my friend from Kentucky has referred,
because he lias superseded the necessity for my
doing so. Let us see what amount these few
books foot up. I have not included the Coast
Survey; I have not included many other books
which have been directed to be printed by this
and the other House; but let us see what the small
number I have included amounts to, as printing
for these bodies. The total cost of those I have
named reaches the enormous sum of $1,599,729 21.
If the cost of coloring by hand the plates for
Emory's report (§95,956) is to be added, it will
make the amount $1,695,685 21.
I might have gone much more into detail, but
I have gone thus far only for the purpose of ar-
resting the attention of this House, in tho hope \
that we could put a stop to this printing extrav-1
agance; that, if it could not be stopped here, we
could, at least, so far enlighten the public mind
at home as to hour from them, and have a voice
come up to this Hall that would operate upon the
action of members; a voice proclaiming that there
must be " retrenchment and reform" in this branch
of the public service.
Sir, I trust that such a voice will come'up here;
that we shall hear from the people that a rigid
economy must be observed, and this leak must
be stopped. You may say what you please of
these book?, but the publication of thom amounts
to nothing more nor less than this: that the Con- '
gress of the United States is to be the book pub-
lisher for those whose works will not tempt the
bookseller to buy them; the publisher of suc3i
works as will not be sold to the booksellers and
printed by them forsale to theircustomers through-
out the country. These books, sir, are to be
broughthere,and we are to printthem; and,under ■
the disguise of distributing them amongst our con-
stituents, we are to saddle the tax-paying people
of this country with the amount of money neces-
sary to foot the bill. And if members have loolted
into the subject, they will find whole volumes in
which there is little else save a title-page. In
some of thefe astronomical explorations, there is
nothing except stars and lines, and one thing or
the other of that sort, that nobody but an astron-
omer could understand, and that not one out of
every twenty members here could understand.
If there is to be a reform in this matter, adopts
regulation by which you will hold the heads of
Departments of this Government to a responsi-
bility for whatever is to be printed here. If a
work is to come from the Department of the In-
terior or the Secretary of the Treasury, let; tjbe .
officer, upon his responsibility and after due ex-
amination, report the manuscript, and appeal to
this House to print it for the Government of the
United States if it shall be in need of it. And,
sir, when it comes here finished and ready for
publication, with his recommendation, let it be
examined by a committee, and then we can never
lie caught in a scrape like that in which we have
been caught, of taking one volume and commit-
ting ourselves to the printing of as many other
volumes as the party chooses to write. And I
believe that even now this book-writing is going
on. The second volume of Enjory's report has
been written in part, and probably printed in part.
Yes, sir, printed in part and written in part, and
not yet completed in either respect; and they are
going on continuing this writing until they get the
book to suit themselves.
Now, sir, finally—for I have not the time to go
over the ground I intended to occupy if I had tfie
usual limit—let the House come up squarely and
meet the question. If they have authorized their
Committee on Printing to make these Contracts
for the publishing of all the books; if they have
gone on and executed its order; then, sir, how-
ever economical I may be; however much I may
favor letrenchment in the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment—as everybody knows from my past
course I have done—yet, sir, when the credit of
this Government is involwd by a contract entered
into by tho vote of this House, over my own head
and against my vote, I shall be prepared, at least
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and as a member of this House, now and
at all other times, to appropriate the amount ne-
cessary to fulfill that obligation on our part. I am
ready, sir, to meet that responsibility, to go before
my people on every such vote; and I think I know
them well enough to say that they will approve of
my course in doing what is necessary to maintain
the obligation which the Government has assum-
ed, and to discharge that obligation on its part.
I ask then, sir, whether this House,after taking
this course of proceeding, after the contract has
been made, the materials have been furnished, the
work partly executed, and the printer has gath-
ered together the necessary types and other*fix- .
tures to accomplish the entire job, after all that is
done, will take advantage of its own wrong, and
deciarc that it will not pay becauso this thing has
run into the wildest species of extravagance?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the hour had
arrived at which the debate was closed under the
order of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, as the member
who reported the bill, I am entitle® to one hour
to close the debate; but I have sought the floor to
submit a proposition that the committee do now
rise for the purpose of goinginto the House, and
extending the lime for debate upon this bill. I
hope it will meet the approbation of the committee.
I submit the motion that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest to the gen-
