488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,r
party with the Committee on Engraving, to do a
certain work, to engrave the drawings and maps;
that is, that the contract is indefinite, like the order
to the printer of the House, that lie shall do all
the work at a certain price which is put into his
hands? If this be so, is not a portion of this
engraving then of such a character that we can
rescind the order in respect to drawings not yet
in the engraver's hands without any violation of
a contract? Does the gentleman from Missouri
mean to say that the sum of $490,000, provided
for by this bill for binding, lithographing, and en-
graving, is all the committee intended to pay, not
only for orders already made, but for work actu-
ally in the engraver's and binder's hands?
Mr PHELPS. The gentleman has propound-
ed several inquiries. One is, as I understand it,
whether the contracts have not been made with
one person to execute the engraving for a partic-
ular work ? My information is different from that
which the gentleman's question would lead us to
infer he has received.
Mr. KELSEY. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will answer that question. There has
been no contract made by the Committee on En-
graving during the last Congress with any artist
to do all the work appertaining to a particular
work. The work has been divided among a large
number of artists, in order that it should be fin-
ished in time; nor has any particular number of
plates been assigned to any particular artist, so far
as I am informed. After fixing the price to be paid
for the work, the committee directed contracts to
be made with several persons, dividing the work
between them.
And here, sir, let me say that the entire amount
of engraving ordered by the House, independent
ofthc Senate, during the lastCongress,as reported
tome by the Superintendent of Public Printing, is
$76,291 94. That does not include the engraving
that the Committee on Engraving on the part of
the House ordered in connection with the Com-
mittee on Printing on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman does not an-
swer my question. I mean to inquire whether
the contract was made for the engraving of a par-
ticular number of plates, or was it an indefinite
contract for plates attached to a certain woik?
Mr. KELSEY. The contract as directed to be
made by the Committee on Engraving, is not for
a specific number of plates, but that the plates be-
longing to a particular work shall in equal pro-
portions be divided amongst a certain number of
artists who bid for it.
Mr. GARNETT. And therefore if you re-
scind the order for plates not yet in the engraver's
hands, there is no violation of contract?
Mr. KELSEY. I think not.
Mr. GARNETT. That is what I wanted to
get at.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 referred the gentleman fiom
Virginia, the other day, to the joint resolution
passed on the 18th of January, 1855, which directs
the Superintendent of Public Printing, whenever
any drawings, maps, diagrams, views, or other
engravings shall be required to illustrate any doc-
ument ordered to be printed by either House of,
Congress, those engravings shall be procured by ;
the Superintendent of Public Printing, under the
directions of such committee as the House shall
appoint. As I am informed, the Superintendent
of Public Priming invites proposals, the Com-
mittee on Engraving inspects them, and the
contracts are then made by the Superintendent.
These engravings are divided up. And, sir, the
gentleman from Virginia had an answer to his
inquiry, in the letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, which I read, if he had listened to it.
There we were informed that six or eight differ-
ent engravers are engaged in executing illustra-
tions for thntsecond volume of Emory's survey.
I was remarking, Mr. Chairman, when I was
interrupted, that the amount which was due to
the Public Printers, is not due to the Printers for
the Senate and the House elected at the present
session, but to the gentlemen who were the Public
Printersatthe time the work was ordered. Some
four volumes of the Pacific railroad report have
been printed, for instance, and other volumes are
still to be published; and the compensation for
printing those other works will go to Mr. Tucker
and Mr. Nicholson, who were the Public Printers
at the time the publication was ordered. So with
the Commercial Relations,Mr. Nicholson was the
Public Printer for the Senate, and Mr. Wendell
for the House, when that book was ordered to be
printed during the Thirty-Fourth Congress; and
when it shall be completed, they will be paid for
that work. Gentlemen seemed to misunderstand
me when I remarked the other day, when I en-
deavored to explain, that the Superintendent of
Public Printing never certified the account of the
Public Printer to the Comptroller, to be audited
and allowed, until the entire volume was fur-
nished.
There are now several incomplete volumes in
the hands of the gentlemen who have been exe-
cuting the public printing for the last two Con-
gresses. There is a portion of Gilliss's report to
be finished. I was led into an error myself in
reference to that work. I stated that there were
two volumes of the manuscript which had not
yet been placed in the hands of the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing. That statement gave an
erroneous impression to this committee, and I
was misled myself, by the information I had re-
ceived from the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. I had conversed with that gentleman, and
with the gentleman who has been the chief cleik
in the office since it was established, and I was
informed by them that the manuscript for the
fourth and fifth volumes of that report had never
been placed in the charge of the Superintendent
of Public Printing. But yesterday I was waited
upon by the author of that book, who informed
me that, in pursuance of a verbal order given him
by Mr. Seaman, the late Superintendent, the man-
uscript had been sent directly to the Public Printer
who is to execute the printing. The proof-sheets,
as they were ready, had also been submitted to
him. He informed me that a portion of the man-
uscript of each of those volumes had been fur-
nished, under the order of Mr. Seaman, to the
Public Printer, and that a portion of each had been
printed. I argued, the other day, from the state-
ment furnished to mo, that the manuscript had
not yet been furnished to the Superintendent or
the Public Printer, that that work had not been
commenced.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri if the sending of the manu-
script, by the author, to the Public Printer in the
manner in which it has been done, is not in direct
violation of the law of 1852?
Mr. PHELPS. What provision of the law ?
Mr. BURNETT. The provision requiring that
all manuscripts shall be filed in the office of the
Superintendent, and by him transmuted to the
Public Printer.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir; and I think that the
action of the House, in ordering a document to
be printed which was not written, was m viola-
tion of the spirit of the net of 1852. I think we
ourselves have been guilty of a violation of the
law of 1852, regulating the public printing. Wc
ordered tins very report of Lieutenant Gilliss to
be printed before it was written.
Mr. STEPHENS,ofGeorgia. No,sir. Where
is the resolution ordering it to be printed ? It did
not order anything to be printed that was not then
prepared.
Mr. PHELPS. I read, the other day, the res-
olution under which that work was ordered to
be printed. It is as follows:
" Iltr-ul' CiL That tticrc ! o pimtrd ami bound, by the Pub-
lic Printei and Binder of the House, six thousand copies of
tiio loport, and two thousand eopjes of the objeivutions of
the tinned ^t;it<M naval astronomical expedition to Chili;
five bundled copies of the report and observations for the
use of the Seeretaiy of the Navy, two hundred and fifty for
the superintendent of the expedition, and the reinainderfor
distribution by the meinueis of the piesunt House; said
woik to be punted ill quaito or octavo form, us the work
wiil admit and tiie Committee on Punting may direct."
Now, I state that the observations accompany-
ing the report were not, at that time, reduced to a
form for publication.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thegentleman
means that matter, which has since been printed,
was not then prepared; but did that resolution
contemplate the printing of anything that was not
in the report at that time ? Did the resolution au-
thorize the publication of anything afterwards to
be written > I say, no.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman and myself
differ as to tiie construction of the resolution. But
you have directed the Pacific railroad surveys to
be printed before they were written. You direct-
ed, by a resolution of the House, the reports of
Lander and Colonel Fremont to be printed, and it
is well known that neither of these gentlemen had
furnished reports.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call again for
the authority to print anything that was not writ-
ten. We differ entirely about the construction of
the authority.
Mr PHELPS. Very well; we differ with re-
spect to the construction of the authority. I tell
the gentleman, and the committee, that the re-
ports of Fremont and Lander had not been writ-
ten when the resolution passed directing them to
be printed. And I state further, that the Patent
Office report has been ordered to be printed be-
fore it was here.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The resolu-
tion authorizing the publication of the Pacific rail-
road surveys did not authorize the publication of
anything not then written. It is true, that under
the construction given to the resolution, matter
that was not then written has been published. I
suppose, too, that, under the resolution authoriz-
ing the publication of Lieutenant Gilliss's report,
the same thing has been done, and that they are
going on now writing upon it, and will continue
to do it just so long as this House sanctions it.
But what did the resolution which the gentleman
has read authorize? It authorized the publication
of the report. What was meant by the report?
Why, something in writing. For what purpose
was it to be printed? For distribution among
the members of that Congress. Does not that
show that the resolution did not contemplate the
publication of something which was to be written
during succeeding Congresses, and which is still
being written ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will give the gentleman in-
formation in relation to another document ordered
to printed before the manuscript was even in the
possession of the Secretary of State or of the
House, and that is the report on Commercial Re-
lations. The resolution was adopted by the House
in this form:
" Resolved, That the answer of the President of the United
States to the resolution ot the House of Representatives of
December 14. 1853, upon the commercial relations of the
United States with all foreign nations, be punted by tho
Punter of this House, in quarto form, under the direction
of the Secretary of State, who is hereby nuthonzed to causo
all corrections therein which, in the course of puntmt;, may
be found requeue to be made, and also to cause to be adde'il
all additions thereto of commercial information which, sub-
sequently to the transmission of said answer to the House,
may reach the Department of State, which shall by him. be
deemed of sufficient importance
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why, Mr.
Chairman, that is the resolution which was first
offered, and which was referred to the Committee
on Printing. Will thegentleman now turn to the
resolution that was reported by that committee?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Georgia
is mistaken. That resolution was adopted, ex-
cept so far as directing a certain number of extra
copies to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No, sir; that
resolution, under the law regulating the public
printing, had to go to the Committee on Printing-;
and that committee reported it back. Why, the
gentleman has this day stated to the committee
tiiat the very number of pages which the work
would make was given by the Secretary of State.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is in error,
unless his statement is to contradict the rccords
of the House. 1 read now from the Journal:
il To the I2ouse of Representatives :
{kI transmit the report on tho commercial relations of the
United States with all foreign nations, in answerto the res-
olutions ot the House or Representalive^ 01' December 14,
1863. FRANKLIN PIEECE.
u Washington, March A, 1835.
"The s-anse having been lead. Mr. Ellihu B. Wash-
burn'k offered the iollowmg re-minuon > which was read,
considered, and agreed to; to wit."
Then follows the resolution which I have read,
and which directs the printing* of such inform-
ation as should be subsequently received, as the
Secretary of State might deem important. The
Journal then goes on as follows:
'•On motion of Mi. Our,
•* Ordcreuy That it he referred to the Committee on Print-
ing on the part of the Uou&e to inquiie into the expcdicricy
ot puntins twenty thousand eopic-i extra of said message
and the accompanying documents."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. "Will the gen-
tleman allow me 
Mr. PHELPS. Notjustnow. Iwishtoex--
plain.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. The gentleman
needs to explain.
