1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
more efficient the services, the greater shall be the
reward.
It is not merely that a man shall be rewarded
by patronage because he is a fine stump speaker,
and canvasses his district ably, but that a man
shall be rewarded who exerts an influence; no
matter what the means may be, no matter how
censurable the act may be in morals, if it insures
success, that alone is a sufficient claim for a re-
ward. Hence, Mr. Chairman, you see that all
through the politics of the country, men who con-
trol elections, men who interfere with the control-
ling power of the country, are the men who are
singled out for the purpose of receiving rewards
of patronage, which are dispensed by the party
in power. Th&consequence is, that in cities, men
who can bring to the polls most votes, fraudu-
lent or not, that your ballot-box stuffers, your
shoulder-hitters, those who are engaged in keep-
ing orderly citizens from the polls, must be re-
warded, if those services bring success to the
party for whose benefit they are rendered. This
is the inevitable and legitimate result; and I have
110 doubt in my own mind this day, that this
country owes, to a great extent, its present polit-
ical position to the great political frauds practiced
in New York, in 1844, by which a candidate for
the presidential office was defrauded of the office
to which he was entitled by the lawful votes of
the people. I believe that that presidential elec-
tion was controlled by a band or club known as
the " Empire Club," whose captain is now mar-
shal of the southern district of New York.
Such is the tendency of these things, and to
this condition have you now come. Who com-
mitted these depredations in this city ? What is
it that brings men here, and what is the character
of the men who come here? Why, sir, men are
brought here for the purpose of receiving their
rewards for services of this kind: for stuffing bal-
lot-boxes; for driving legal voters away from the
polls; for marching up illegal onus; for services
of that kind are supposed to be rewarded if those
who render them will come hero and make the
demand. Then what must be the character of
those men who congregate here for the purpose
of receiving rewards for such services ? They are
men in whose hands I should not think myself
safe in a dark night. They come here in shoals,
by the hundreds and thousands, but they cannot
all be provided for. Their name is legion. And
extended and unbounded as this patronage is, the
claimants are more numerous than this patronage
can satisfy. "They come here, they are disap-
pointed, their funds are exhausted, and they re-
sort to other modes of getting a support.
Mr. CLEMENS.' I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the very fact of the inefficiency
of the police of this city is not an inducement to
the abandoned characters of other cities to make
this a refuge and a home ?
Mr. STANTON, i think it very piobablc. It
is so, for aught 1 know, but that matter is not
exactly in the line of remaiks I was submitting.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 desire to know of my col-
league whether lie is prepared to support a meas-
ure that will cut off from the foreign emigrants
brought here under the circumstances which he
has ver/eloquently depicted, the right to vote?
Mr. STANTON. I do not precisely under-
stand the pertinency of the question to the subject
in hand. I certainly do not propose to deprive any
man who has the right of suffrage from the exer-
cise of that right; but I do propose that no man,
whether foreigner or native, shall vote more than
once, or shall vote anywhere except where he is
entitled to vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Another question.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; it is not in the line
of my argument. I am discussing now the cause
and the origin of this state of society here, and
the danger to life and limb which the bill seeks to
guard against.
I have said, sir,and I believe I have said truly,
that it has its origin in this false doctrine, this
distribution of the patronage of the Government
upon a vicious and piratical principle. Now, that
fea'me party prejudice and party bias, that same
principle will prevail in this District in the gov-
ernment and control of the police force, and in the
appointment of police officers, if you confer this
power, as it does m all other appointments. Sup-
Bose that you confer upon tiie President of the
mted States power to appoint a chief of police:
do you notbejieve, sir, that he would appointa par-
tisan—one who has strong claims upon him for par-
tisan services? Why, sir, it would be a miracle in
these days if he did not. And who will that chief
of police appoint as his lieutenants and his force of
one hundred men? Will he not select them from
those gentlemen who are congregated here from
all parts of this Confederacy in search of office?
Will not he select them for these places, and give
them these appointments as policemen and mem-
bers of the auxiliary guard of this city? Why,,
it was stated in the newspapers not a week ago,
that a man who was arrested, and is now in
prison for murder, had, the day before his arrest,
and after the commission of the crime with which
he stands charged, been appointed one of the as-
sistant or auxiliary guards. I am told—it is a
matter of common rumor, I do not pretend to
know how true it is—that the disorders arise to
a great extent from rival fire companies, and
among the rest is a company known by the name
of the States' Hose. I am told—I do not know
how true it is—that the captain of this company,
which, it is charged, is engaged in committing
these depredations, holds an office under the Pres-
ident of twelve orfourteen hundred dollars a year.
Several Members. ** Name him."
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I do not know how
true it is. I may be misinformed, and, therefore,
I will use no names.
. Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am deeply inter-
ested in the information which the gentleman from
Ohio has given the House. Will he—if he may
be mistaken—give us his authority for it?
Mr. STANTON. I have it from half a dozen
persons.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman can
mention the firwt, and most reliable of those per-
sons.
Mr. STANTON. It is a common rumor—
known to everybody in the city.
Mr. JOHN "COCHRANE. Ah, I believe it,
then, if it is common rumor.
Air STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I am asked
to vote to make the President of the United States
chief of police, and to give him control of the po-
lice force of this city, to which I am to look for
the protection of my person. Thank the Lord I
have no property here. Now, I want to call your
attention to a few facts that I vouch for, and do
not base upon common rumor. I know that the
President of the United States has appointed to
office men who were under indictment at the time
of their appointment for the murder of my politi-
cal friends in Kansas. Sir, there are half a dozen
men charged with murder, many ofthem indicted,
subject to prosecution, to conviction, and to be
hung, who have been appointed by the President
registers and receivers of land offices, Indian
'agents, and postmasters. The recordsofthe coun-
try show this. There is Mr. Frederick Emory,
who has been appointed register at Lecompton m
Kansas, and who was, at the time of his appoint-
ment, under indictment in the Teiritory for mur-
der, and the fact was known to the President and
to the Cabinet. Now, I do not want such a chief
of police as that to appoint a police force to pro-
tect my person.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that you may organize
a police force that cannot be made the blind in-
strument of party despotism; but I know, 1 feel
perfectly assured from the history ofthe past, that
if you pass the bill for the organization of a po-
lice force, the very men who are engaged in the
commission of crime will be enlisted in that force,
and you will have an organized ruffianism instead
of a disorganized one. I believe so, sir, for vari-
ous reasons—amongst o-thers, the one that I shall
now mention. There was an election held in this
city last June, at which some eighteen men were
shot down, it is generally believed unnecessarily;
whether criminal! y or not, is a matter about which
we might dispute, but it is generally conceded
that there was no necessity for it at the time and
under the circumstances. And yet the officer ofthe
marines has been promoted for that unnecessary
service. I say, therefore, that I am opposed to the
organization of such a police force as this. I am
equally opposed to a police that will be under the
sole power and control of the Mayor, because he
must appoint either one party or the other. If the
American party succeed hereand elect their Mayor
I think the probability is that foreign-born citizens
might have a hard time at the next election, and
I think it very likely that if a Democrat should be
elected, these " plug uglies" would have a hard
time at the next election.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if you will establish a po-
lice board that is balanced as to parties, so that no
man on the board can claim an appointment as a
matter of right for political services, but must rest
upon the character of his candidate for appoint-
ment, I believe that you may rescue the police
force from the domination of party power. The
proposition of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Dodd,] which I support, provides for the
election of four police commissioners, of whom
no person shall vote for more than two,*and the
four having the highest/ number'of votes are to
be declared elected. The consequence would be,
that each party must of necessity elect two of the
commissioners, unless one party had more than
twice as many votes as the other, and divided
their votes exactly equally—a contingency which
I apprehend no one supposes likely to happen. I
take it for granted that each' party would elect two
members of the board, and each would operate as
a negative on the other side to prevent the appoint-
ment of improper persons on the police force. If
a rowdy, or a burglar, or a man of intemperate
habits, or one who, for any o'her reason, was
improper to be appointed, should be presented by
his party friends, his political opponents on the
board would inquire into his character and reject
him. Take the patronage and power of the mu-
nicipal government out of the hands of politicians;
constitute a board like that, having no object in
view but the peace, welfare, and prosperity of
the city; and I believe that something may be ac-
complished.
I agree with the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Quitman] that it is all idle to strengthen
your guards. There must be other legislation
beyond a bill of this sort, for the purpose of per-
fecting and calling out a police force essential to
the good government of this city. It may be, and
probably is true, that the police force at present
is large enough, but for some reason or other ifc
is utterly inefficient. It must change hands. It
must be placed where it is, not to be used at your
elections for the purpose of securing the triumph
of one party and the defeat of another, but it
must be placed in hands where it will be used for
the impartial protection of the political rights and
political privileges, as well as for the personal se-
curity of every citizen, no matter to what party
he may belong.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have nothing to say
myself as to the pay of this police. That is a
secondary consideration. There is, however, this
remark to be made, and I am not certain that any
of the bills sufficiently avoid the evil, and that is,
that this bill of the majority of the committee
creates an auxiliary guard, not under the control
of, oi organized with, or as a part of, the regular
force of the city; and you will consequently have
the auxiliary guard and the police force work-
ing against one another, and counteracting each
other's movements and operations.
The police force of this city ought to be a unit.
You ought to have this auxiliary guard that is
paid out of the national Treasury incorporated
with and made part of the city police, subject
to the same government and to the same control.
I am informed by citizens of Washington that if
one of the police of the city now is about to make
an arrest, and finds himself likely to be over-
powered, and if a member of the auxiliary guard
. be within ten feet of him, he will not raise a hand.
And so it is, vice v-eisa, if a member of the auxil-
iary is overpowered, the police will not assist him.
They are rival institutions—that is the term. You
ought to make your police force homogeneous;
you ought to have all incorporated into one body,
to work together; and, in my judgment, the proper
mode would be to provide that the city treasury
should defray twenty-five or fifty per cent, of the
expenses, so that the city might by that means
have an interest in the disbursement of the fund,
and might see that it is spent with a proper regard
to economy. 0
Mr. GOGDE. That is so now; and we have
, no efficient police.
Mr. STANTON. It is undoubtedly true that
' we have no efficient police; but I think that is be-
cause it is under the influence af a partisan Mayor
, who uses it for party purposes, and for no other
1 purpose.
