2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 1,
■what they had been doing, and therefore tliey are
anxious to create an opinion, to forestall the pub-
lic judgment, that they made thebestbargain they
could,and the best bargain that was ever made.
The next bargainer in the matter whose course
I will comment upon, is Mr. John C. Mather.
It is a little curious to see how artfully some of
these witnesses conceal things at some times, and
give vent to thern at others. This man saya he
had passed through Port Snelling, on his way to
Port Ripley. Now, it will be seen that his in-
structions were one day later than those of Mr.
Heiskell, and the testimony of other parties is that
he arrived there about the same time. He admits
thit Graham went ahead of him; but that they
■were there nearly at the same time. He says he
was returning; but gives the idea thathe was only
there a few hours. He says so. Mr. Heiskell
says he (Mather) did not go from Fort Snelling
to Port Ripley while he was there; thafhe was
taken sick.
Well, now, Mr. Heiskell says in another place
thathe went with Mather to tile stage office and
bought his ticket, and after that went to church
with him. In another place, Mr. Heiskell says
that Mather was not present. Mather s&ys he
was there, and drew up the contract, although it
was subsequently changed; and that he was there
just after the sale. Steele says that Math or was
there, and perhaps drew up the contract. He also
says:
" Quev/ion 1319., Was Mr. Mather present at the time of
the sale ?
Jlnswer. He was.
" Question 1320. How long had he been at Fort Snelling
before the sale?
" .Answer. A few days. I do not rccollcct how long.
" Q'Ts/.um 1®1. What was his purpose in going there?
" Answer. I presume to make the purchase. I know
of no other."
Mr. Mather says that the appointment to go
and make an investigation in relation to Port Rip-
ley was unsolicited by him, and was made before
any purpose had been formed, on his part, of pur-
chasing Fort Snelling. Graham, on the contrary,
says that the New York company was formed
before they left, and even before he called on the
Secretary, early in April. Mather admits that he
was here before the sale was confirmed, and that
he asked the Secretary of War if it had been con-
firmed. It is also in evidence that he had intel-
ligence when the sale was confirmed, and that he
telegraphed the fact to Steele. There is a bill an-
nexed for his services. It is for tliirly-five days,
at eight dollars a day, and expenses. He received
his appointment on the S2Gtli day of Mev. Well,
if he had completed his service, and _wus here in
Washington before the sale was confirmed, it will
be seen that he must have charged for some con-
structive days, up to the date of his report, it will
also be seen, by Mr. Heiskell's testimony, that he
(Heiskell) was paid for sixty-odd days, tl is com-
mission is dated on the 25th day of May, and
the sale was confirmed on the 17th day of June,
making but twenty-one days; so that he must have
received something like forty days' constructive
per diem; and yet be says that, in consequence
of his having made the best bargain for the Gov-
ernment that ever was made, he ought to have
$213 more!
Mr. Speaker, I have some comments to make
in relation to the price that was paid for this prop-
erty, and some comments upon the testimony as
stated ill the minority report. I do not complain
of the minority report; but if gentlemen will read
the full report of the testimony, I think they will
see that in every instance whereevidence is quoted
in regard to the value of the land—its being worth a
higher price than was paid for it—the evidence as
fully reported is still stronger, and in other in-
stances, where the value is underrated, they will
find that in the cross-examination the testimony
is very much changed and softened down, so as to
alter the whole complexion ofthe case. This testi-
mony contains the evidence of three Indian agents
and some seven or more gentlemen from St. Paul.
How they came here I know not, but I suppose
somewhat as those petitions came. St. Paul, like
other smart towns, has a small opinion of outsid-
ers. It isperfectlyapparentthatthegentlemen who
live at St. Paul imagine that "the axis of the world
sticks outjust there," or, to quote the witty author
of the Autocrat of.the Breakfast Table, substi-
tuting, for the words " Boston State House," St.
Paul, they imagine that " St. Paul is the hub of
the solar system; you could not pry that out of
a man from St. Paul if you had the tire of all crea-
tion straighteneel out for a crow-bar."
As an instance where the full testimony is
stronger than the extract, I take the testimony of
Mr. M. C. Smith, as stated in the minority re-
port:
"M. C. Smith thinks it was worth twenty-five dollars
per acre for agricultural purposes; but, considering its ad-
vantages as a town site, he estimates its value at $400,000."
Here is his testimony:
"Answer. I could not. 1 have seen a small portion on the
creek, back from the river, whictf is rather sandy, but at the
same time, adjoinining that, on the other side ofthe creek,
I wanted to buy some land, the price of which wag thirty
dollars an acre, and I advised a friend of mine to purchase
it at that price. It is not only equally as sandy, but nine or
ten acres were a bog hole.
• " Question 13-19. Do you regard the site of Fort Snelling
as an eligible point for the location of a city or a town ?
"Answer. I do.
QueUioii 1350. What would you say that tract of land
was worth, taking into consideration its advantages as a
town site at that time?
"Answer. J should not put it under $400,000. I think it
was woith not far from that."
Take, as another instance, the testimony of Mr.
Rice. It will be seen, by referring to his testi-
mony, that he thinks it would have been wrong
for the Government to make any money out of
the sale, and that they ought to have disposed of
it at the lowest price possible. He is not in favor
of the Government receiving more than $] 25 per
acre, and of course he gives his testimony m ac-
cordance with that theory. But I shall not have
time to go through with the testimony upon this
point seriatim, as I had proposed. I argue that
the price paid was not enough, because Dr.Gfra-
ham says that they proposed to give at least
|100,000, if they could not get ft for less. Steele
says that they would have given $110,000, and
Mather $100,000; and Graham admits that they
would have given $20,000 more, if they did not
have anything to pay to these outsiders for their
improvements. Dr. Graham admits that it ih
worth doable what they gave for it. Mather thinks
he would not sell it for that, but finally concluded
rather reluctantly that ho would take double what
ho gave font. Colonel Robert Smith says that he
would have given four times eleven dollars an acre,
and would have gone " the extent of his pile,"
and would do so now. I do not regard the price of
any material consequence; but I do regard it as
of some consequence that we should set the seal
of our disapprobation upon the maancr in which
this sale has been conducted.
Mr. Steele sold a part of this land to railroad
men, as a particular favor, and also because they
were railroad men, who.se aid and assistance it
was desirable to enlist, and hence there was an
inducement for him to put it at a low figure, and
! yet that was for about double the rate he paid
1 for it.
j Matthew Johnson had offered to him one
j twenty-seventh [>ai t of it for $23,000, bringing the
! whole reservation up to $675,000, and the seller
^ figured the prospective value up to $1,400,000. J.
C. Hall would like to buy half at double the cost
j price. The price paid was inadequate, on account
! of the terms in regard to interest, a credit having
j been given of one and two years upon two thirds
! and one third of the price. So that, with the price
j of money as it could be loaned by Mr. Steele at
1 three per cent, a month, it was better terms than
i $G5,000 would have been, cash in hand. The
. [nice paid for it was not as much as was offered
i by Mr. Steele for it one year ago, for then he of-
| fored fifteen dollars per acre, or, to take it in the
| lump, and call it five thousand acres, for $75,000,
; while eight thousand acres were sold to him now
I for $90,000. The reserve was then computed by
' Mr. Steele to contain five thousand acres, but
! now he admits that there are eight thousand acres,
j His offer a year ago conceded to the Government
1 the retention ofthe fort, buildings, and a tract of
i land for Government use. It is now sold for
! $90,000, on time, without interest, including all
] the Government buildings and all the surrounding
1 land. It doerc not appear, from the report of the
ji commissioners, that they knew anything at all
'' about the exact quantity of land in the reserve.
The contract says that there were seven thousand
acres. In that a deception was practiced upon the
Secretary of War, for Major Eastman admits in
his testimony that there are seven thousand five
hundred acres. He says lie did not complete the
survey, but that he had progressed so far that he
could determine the number of acres. But it does
not appear that he ever did compute the number
gf acres. It was guess work, ana I have no more
confidence in his guesses than in another man's.
Captain Whitail testifies that there were eight
ornine thousand acres. M. C. Smith thinks there
were eight thousand; and many think, he says,
there are more than ten thousand acres. Major
Martin says that Major Eastman told him that it had
been wider estimated, and that there were eleven
thousand acres.
That there were combinations, the report ofthe
commissioners to the Secretary roundly asserts
they have " upon good authority." But upon
the closest investigation, all the stories and ru-
mors sink into utter insignificance. Mr. Steele
probably whispered the tale to Major Eastman,
and he very greedily swallowed it. Beyond this,it
appears in Mr. Heiskell's supplementary letter to
the Secretary of War, June 17,1857, that Major
Eastman, being there on the spot, was fully aware
of all the movements going on, and the combina-
tions being formed. But the major flatly con-
tradicts this, and says he had no personal knowl-
edge of any such combinations; and that he
" could only glean it from rumors; but the other
gentleman, (Heiskell) who mixed freely with the
people, being a stranger, and being more or less
at the hotels, heard things which led him to be-
lieve that such was the fact, and he told me."
On the whole, the knowledge of the commis-
sioners on this point was entirely reciprocal. Mr.
Heiskell was informed by Major Eastman, and
Major Eastman was told by Mr. Heiskell!
*L he military authority in favor of the retention
of the post is overwhelming; but I have no time
to quote it.
I now come to the division of the spoils, Mr.
Steele testifies that his share is one thud, and the
written contract between the parties shows that
was his bona fide share.
Dr. Graham testifies that his share is one ninth;
but the contract referred to shows it was fixed at
one third, however subsequently partitioned.
Mr. Richard Schell testifies that the interests
of Mr. [himself] and Mrs. Schell and Mather
have not been separated, but that lie thinks,, his
wife will have two twelfths and himself nearly
two twelfths. He also says thai he and Mather
paid $20,000. and that he paid about ^13,000,
wluc.h left $7,000 for Mather to pay. If, there-
fore, Mather's interest is just what he contrib-
uted, according to this there would be, with
Schcil's $3,000 excess, over one third, and Ma-
ther's $3,000 short, the sum of $6,000, or one
fifth of the purchase lying waste, ready to be
entered upon by Hard Schell Augustus, or any
other enterprising favorite.
The commissioners (Heiskell and Eastman)
knew no other party but Steele.
Mr. Steele knew no other parties but himself,
Mather, and Graham. '
Mr. Mather knows only Steele, Graham, Schell,
and himself.
Mr. Schell knows only Steele, Graham, Ma-
ther, himself, and wife.
Mr. Graham says <£ there are other parties, pos-
sibly in New York, connected with it, whom I
do not know."
Mr. Richard Schell had " never seen any con-
tract." He says, in answer to question 809:
"I lathei think he [Mathei] told me that it had been
made at private salo ; hutieaily t do not rcine.tnber, for I
did not pay any attention to the matter, or think it of any
consequence. I did not give ltinuch attention then, noi do
I give it much attention now."
C£ QjtesJion 856. Then your sole reliance is on the honor
ofthe pnrties to any futute dustubution ?
"Answa. Ye>, *n. f never should a?k a question out-
i side those gentlemen. 1 was perfectly baUsfied."
! Then again:
] <• Question bo3. Who furnished the money for thb pur-
| cha.-e, and of whom did j'ou.havo the money whieh you
1 paid ?
j u Amrcc,-. Iliad it of Mrs. Richard Schell—my wife—
I who has an estate of s-omo hundred thousand dollars,
j a Question 8.7J Who furnished the other portion?
I Aai,u-er. Mr. Mathei furnished his poition. I think he
j furnished some eight oi nine thousand dollar-.
; ii Question t'oO. State whether you leceived any portio-*
j of it noin j our brother, Au^us-tutf Schell ?
Anwr. Mv wife borrowed some money of my brother.
! " Question Sol. How much ?
| <• Ansucr. I think §5,000."
| Once more:
i " Question 737. What interest or expectation in it did
