1858.
TJSE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
you have before the return of Dr. Graham and Mather from j
Minnesota i I
Jinsw.er. I expected to go into it just where thry meant ,
to pkice me in it. I did not consider it a matter of any great i
moment or consequence. Those men did the business, j
and I was willing to rely upon thetn." !
Mr. Mather says he proposed to admit Augus- |
tus Schell. Mr. Richard Schell asked his brother |
about taking an interest. It was declined because |
he was about to become, or had become, a Gov- !
ernment officer. Mr. Augustus Scliell does not |
say whether he shall be a public officer four years
hence; and it is to be remembered that the inter- !
ests or shares of the purchasers have not yet been '
separated; but he does say the $5,000 loan to ,
Mrs. Schell, his brother's wife, who was a pur- i
chaser unawares, has not yet been repaid. '
Graham says the company was made up before
he left this city, so far as the New York interest ;
was concerned. j
Mather says the understanding was had after !
he arrived out there. He also says Schell bad no ,
interest in the purchase when made,and not until j
his return to New York. !
Schell says there was an understanding about |
it, and that they would not pay more than ninety ;
thousand dollars; and yet he afterwards says: j
" Question 818. Up eo wliat price, before making the I
purchase, did you undertake to go in Older to jfet it?
'■ Jlmirer. I do not think I ever had anything to do wilh
it ill that wily, or ever made arrangements in that way."
At one time he cannot swear positively, and at <
last he says, " Yes, there was a general under-
standing before Graham and Mather left New
York."
Mather does not remember exactly the amount ,
of mone,y which he paid. I
- From such conflicting statements as these, by ;
which it is clear the purchasers do not know their j
own copartners, or that they do not understand ,
their own business alike, we are left to draw our j
own inferences; but there is no clew to all the
real owners.
Under all these circumstances, with all these
facts, drawn mostly, too, from parties directly
interested, I submit that the reputation of our
common country demands that we brand this sale
with the seal of our strongest disapprobation.
The purchasers have 110 title as yet, and they
deserve none.
[Here the hammer fell.]
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference, upon the disaar'-e-
in°- votes of the two Houses on the bill (EI. R.
No. 201) making appi i>pi nations for the execu-
tive, legislative, and judical expenses of the Gov-
ernment, for the year ending 30th of June, ] 859.]
Mr. FAULKNER It is not to be supposed
that within the limited period allotted to a mem-
ber upon tins floor, it would be possible for me,
in any detail, to discuss the several points of law
and the question of fact^ that arise in this case.
Fortunately it cannot be necessary. The major-
ity and the minority reports of the select commit-
tee have been for weeks in the possession of this
House, and it is fair to presume that they have
received from every member of this body that
careful and intelligent consideration which might
be expected from their own high characters, and
from the grave charges whicharc preferred against
a high functionary of this Government.
Mr. Speaker, 1 will say one or two words in
reference to those reports, which have been alluded
to by the gentleman who preceded me. -Fiie mi-
lioiity, in their report, have sought in^a fair and
impartial manner to piesent to this House and
to the country the real character of this transec-
tion. It is tiue, we have passed over many irrel-
evant matters, some of which have been the sub-
ject of comment by the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] this morning. Bat I speak with
confidence when 1 here assert that we have omit-
ted no fact material ta a just judgment of this
ease. We have followed the law as it has been
retou-niz-id by this Govei mnent for the last thirty
years of vour histoiv, and as it has been ex-
pounded by the highest judicial tribunal* ot the
coii.my. 'And, an , if w« have commuted any
error, it has not i,.suited fiom a disposition to
scree,, any man om jusl oond-mnation, nor to
eo\er up any abuse ijOni tne expe(snre winea
it merits. Sir, abrogating, as 1 do, to toe ie-
port signed by the gentbman f.orn Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] and myself, the claim of strict im-
partiality, it may seem a little ungracious, espe-
cially after the complimcnt which the gentleman
from Vermont has bestowed upon the gentleman
from Kentucky and myself, as members of that
committee, to express—as I must do in the dis-
charge of the duty which I owe to this House—
my strong condemnation of the tone and temper of
the report of the majority. Sir, I do not question
the tact and ability with which that document has
been prepared. My complaint is, that its ability
is displayed in presenting this case to the House,
and before the country, in a light wholly different
from what the testimony warrants. As a report
from a committee of Congress, I have no hesita-
tion in saying that it is more marked by partisan
feeling and partisan bitterness than any document
of a similar character that I have ever read. And
1 appeal to the members of this House who have
listened to the gentleman from Vermont this morn-
ing, whether his speech is not characterized by the
same partisan spirit, manifested in culling and
collating from that evide'nee everything calcu-
lated to exacerbate party feeling, in at leasta por-
tion of this House.
Sir, that document abounds in loose and inac-
curate statements of the evidence. It deals un-
fairly with the witnesses opposed to its views. In
the same spirit of injustice which the gentleman
has manifested this morning, it culls every hasty
and incautious remark which happened to fall
from a witness, and parades it with the skill of a
practiced attorney, before this House as a fair
illustration of his testimony; and, in its anxiety
to produce an effect upon ihe country, and to cast
ridicule- upon a witness who has also been made
a special object of assault by the gentleman from
Vermont, it has transferred the answer given by
him to one question, to another, altogether differ-
! ent from the one propounded to him. It deals in
hypothesis, substitutes conjecture where theevi-
! dence is deficient in facts, and reaches its con-
! elusions by disregaidmg the weight of the evi-
dence embodied m the volume before you. It has
| censured the Secretary of War upon subordinate
| points where the leeord shows that he was not
■ justly liable to censure; and (what, sir, in my mind
'is of far higher importance) it has omitted to do
I justice to that public officer in the only material
1 and important point of this whole inquiry, and
m a point in which I assume to say, and do say,
without the fear of contiadiction, that these gen-
tlemen concurred m the effect and conclusion of
the evidence with the gentleman from Kentucky
| and myself. Sir, I say that that committee have
I failed to do justice to the Secretary of War in
the only material and vital point in this whole
inquiry.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman wishes, I
i will state precisely what my position is.
i Mr. FAULKNER. I hope the gentleman will
! not interrupt me. He will find it unnecessary.
Let me say what I was going to say; and then,
I if f am m error, I shah be most happy to be cor-
rected. I say that the committee has failed to do !
justice to the Secretary of War in the only vital
and material point ill this whole inquiry. Sir, for j
what object and for what purpose was this com- j
nultee ordered by this House on the 4tb of Jan- j
uary last? Was it to supervise a mere act ot ex- :
> ecutive d'R"retion ? Was it to inquire how far the j
President of the United States and tile Seeietary
of War had discharged, with good or bad judg- j
moot, a trust contemn! on them by law? 1 can-
not do this House the injustice to suppose that it
ever meant to institute any such inquiry. Was
it to ascertain whether of the millions ot acres of
the public lands which this year, and evpry year
since the foundation of this Government, have
been sold for one half, one quaiter, or one tenth
of their value, this parcel of seven thousand acres
of public land. situated at the junction of the Mis-
sissippi and Minnesota rivers, had sold for a
few dollars less then it was actually worth.-' I
/ say, sir, that no such subordinate object ever en-
! tered into the contemplation of this House1 when
1 they authorised the appointment of this commit-
tee of investigation. You ordered this inquiry
/ to satisfy your mind and to satisfy the country
whether, as rumor had asserted, there was any
corruption in the high ..laces of this Government;
and, if so, to bi mil: t!,p otf neer to puiit^Lmei't.
It is well known ill,' named: uely suceedj 'g
the sale of this rcsti v.Uioo at Fci t duelling, there
commenced, in the northern papers of this Union,
attacks impeaching in strong terms the integrity
and honor of the Secretary of vV"ar. So system-
atically and pertinaciously were these. asssalte
maintained, that it is not to be disguised Chat
through the North and South there was olreated
a painful impression upon the public'mind that
he had in some form prostituted his official influ-
ence and power to some enormous and flagitious
speculation, in which he, or some persons nearly
connected with him,were interested.
When, therefore, on the 4th of January, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Smith] brought be;
fore this House his resolution of inquiry into the
facts and circumstances connected with the sale
of Fort Snelling, with power to send for persons
and papers, it was supposed that he gave credit
to those imputations, and that he sought this com-
mittee as a means of establishing the facts before
the coutitry. It was in that sense that the reso-
lution was received and acted upon bythis House;
it was in that sense that it was received by the
country; it was in that, sense that it was received
by the committee of investigation; for, on the first
day of ourajrpointmcnt, on the very firs? meeting
of the committee, I introduced a resolution catl-
ing upon the gentlemen from Illinois to appear
be'fore that committee in person, and also to give
us the names of all the persons upon whom he
relied, from information or otherwise, as wit-
nesses to establish any matter of fraud, corrup-
tion, or impropriety, in the sale of the Fort Snel-
ling-reservation. That, sir, I supposed was the
only material and substantial inquiry for which
that committee .was appointed. 1 never dreamed
that for three months we should have been oc-
cupied, at an expense to the people of the United
i States of some twenty thousand dollars, to determ-
i me for the benefit, either of the successful pur-
chaser, or of the disappointed land speculator,
whether FortSnelling would or wouldnot, at some
future time, become the seat of a great and flourish-
in^ city; whether provisions could be transported
more cheaply upon the backs ofGovernment mules
from Fort Snelling to Fort Ridgely, or more
cheaply by steamboat from St. Paul to Fort Ridge-
ly; whether it would better satisfy the people of
the United States that Franklin Steele, or Robert
Smith, or M. C. Smith, or any other Smith, should
be the owner of this property; or whether one
mode of sale might not be likely to put a larger
sum into the Treasury than that which was adopt-
ed by the agents of the Government. That com-
mittee was in session for three months. It had
surveyed the whole field of inquiry. Its search
had been thorough and complete. It has found
time to criticise the military judgment of the Sec-
retary of War; to criticise his political errors,
and even his temper. They have found time to
assail the character of a private citizen of this Re-
public, to cast ridicule upon the witnesses, and
to announce many propositions of bad law; yet,
sir, in that report of forty pages there is not to be
found one word or syllable touching that great,
vital, and material jioint submitted to -hem—the
official purity and integrity of the Secretary of
War. Everything, in their judgment, is worthy
of some notice, but that. I complain of this omis-
sion as an outrage upon justice. The official purity
and disinterestedness oi* that functionary was, in
my judgment, the main point of the whole in-
quiry. °lf guilty, his guilt should have been an-
nounced in'thunder tones to the world. If free
from all official taint or ground of just, suspicion,
that committee owed it to itself, to this House,
and to the country, to say so, and thus dispel the
clouds which malignity and falsehood had gath-
ered around his name.
Now, sir, so long as there was any room for
investigation upon that branch of the investiga-
tion; so long as it was not absolutely precluded
bv the fixed and admitted facts of the case, I was
' a'constant attendant upon that committee; and I
1 will appeal to the journal of the coinmittce, and
j to the 'testimony of my colleagues, if any man
! manifested a more determined purpose than I did
1 to ferret out and expose whatever might con-
: stitutea public wrong in this transaction. And,
1 sir, had I elicited one single fact or circumstance
from the beginning to the end of this affair, cal-
culated, m the slightest degree, to Ui.U the per-
sonal or Official honor of the Secretary of jWar,
so far from being restrai
was from my own State
(1 hv the fact that he
.1 a'Cibinet minister
