18S8.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
either of those great Powers adopt such a policy
without endangering, nay, without a positive sac-
rifice of the great element of progress, as well as
of independence. Which of the smaller States of
Europe have been so insane as to accept the invi-
tation of England ? Some few commercial cities
only. Neither Holland, nor Belgium, nor Swe-
den, nor Denmark, nor the Zoll Yerein, which
represents most of the States of Germany, nor
Switzerland, nor Spain, nor Portugal. Several of
them have reduced their duties on imported mer-
chandise, but none of them have flilly embraced
free-trade principles.
The advocates of free-trade principles in Eng-
land affect to sneer at the narrow policy of Prance
in adhering to her restrictive system; and they
point especially to the high rates of duty; imposed
upon foreign iron. How absurd the idea that
France could allow her iron manufactures to go
down under the cheaper supplies from England !
Where would she be as a military Power without
that most essential materiel of war? But France
has evinced the superiority of her wisdom in other
respect besides the costly protection of her iron
interest. Conforming to the first maxim, or what
ought to be the first maxim of political economy,
which is, that it is the paramount duty of every
State or nation that would secure its independence
against all contingencies, so to moldits commercial
policy as to insure the production, within itself,
of all the essential articles of military supply, and,
as far as practicable, of such articles of subsist-
ence as are of prime necessity, or such as are by
habit so necessary to the comfort of' the people,
as that discontent would follow the want of them,
France, by her persistent efforts and proper pro-
tection, has brought the manufacture of sugar from
the beet-root to such perfection as to meet the
foreign product upon equal terms in the domestic
market, and to furnish a large proportion of the
amount consumed by her population.
The considerations connected with military
defenses and national independence will always
prevent the general adoption of those principles
of free trade which the Secretary of the Treasury
dreams of seeing incorporated into the code of
international law. As long as Great Britain main-
tains her superiority as a naval Power, France
dare not relax her commercial system. To do so
would reduce her forthwith to the rank of a second-
rate, or rather to the condition of a dependent
Power. Great Britain alone, of all the nations of
the earth, could, at this time, without danger or
permanent injury to any of her interests, conform
her commercial policy to the principle of free
trade: for, as to whatever essential supplies she
may want, she can command them by the thun-
der of her naval batteries.
Those who would follow the example of Great
Britain in adopting the principles of free trade 111
this country, would do well to give some atten-
tion to the " vantage ground" she would occupy
in entering upon a free competition for the trade
of the world; and that is the question at last. All
freely admit that the manufactures of Great Brit-
ain are the principal foundation and support of
her immense commerce. She exports no raw
products; her manufactures now supply annually
an average of .£100,000,000 of exports, equivalent
to $500,000,000; and this they do after supplying
the home consumption to an equal amount, as
estimated by her ablest economists; thus making
the whole annual product of her manufacturing in-
dustry =£200,000,000, equivalent to §1,000,000,000.
It was this exhausiless mine of wealth that car-
ried England through the terrible and expensive
■wars of the French revolution triumphantly; and
it would enable her again to subsidize half the
world in any great war in which they may hap-
pen to be engaged.
If it should be inquired how England has been
enabled to surpass all the world in manufacturing
industry, the free-trade advocate will tell you that
this great success arose from several causes: the
character of her population; their hardihood and
enterprising spirit; the natural advantages of the
country; its minerals of greatest utility in the arts;
its treasures of iron and coal; the abundance of
capital, the accumulation of centuries; but none
of them are ever heard to allude to another and
most potential cause of the wonderful progress of
manufacturing skill and enterprise in Great Brit-
ain. I allude, of course, to the encouragement and
protection extended by the Government to the
manufacturing interests, by duties and imposts
upon the products of other countries, when
brought to be vended in the English markets.
When the attention of the champions of free trade
is called to this point, their utterance is suddenly
choked up, or they boldly deny that the protec-
tive policy has had anything to do in building up
that great British interest.
They dispose of the famous navigation acts in
the same way—acts so long and so justly regarded
by Englishmen as among the most politic meas-
ures of the English Government, and the origin
of their maritime ascendency. By those acts, the
importation of foreign merchandise was restricted
to English bottoms, or to the ships of the nation
or country of which the merchandise were the
growth or manufacture; and they also provided
that the master and three fourths of the crews of
all English vessels should be British subjects At
the period of the passage of these acts Holland
aspired to be mistress of the sea. Her fleet became
so formidable while under the command of Van
Tromp and De Ruyter, that atone time during a
war with England, an English ship could hardly
venture out to sea. Van Tromp audaciouly sailed
down the English channel, with a broomstick at
the mast-head of his ship, and once entered the
Thames and spread consternation among the in-
habitants of London itself. The navigation acts
were dictated by jealousy and the fear of these
bold rivals, and their effect was, in a compara-
tively short time, to humble the naval power of
the Dutch, and to acquire a superiority on the
ocean which she maintains to this day; yet those
celebrated enactments are now derided as having
been dictated by ignorance and a false conception
■of the true principles of trade and navigation. All
that remains of them now is the monopoly of the
coasting trade, which is still secured to British ves-
sels. Some of our leading advocates of the free-
trade school in this country have proposed to throw
open the coasting trade of the United States to
British enterprise. In that event, Great Britain
would be nothing loath to take advantage of that
new opening to her commerce; and before a great
while, her trading vessels would be found not only
in all the bays, inlets, and rivers on our exten-
sive sea-coasts, but also upon all the lakes and
rivers in the interior, peddling Biitish wares at
every landing; for the principle would lead to that.
It would be free trade, and as for the revenue
which it may be supposed would sutler by this
license, that is already proposed to be raised by
direct taxes.
But I am digressing from the train of my argu-
ment. I was enumerating the circumstances m
the condition of Great Britain which gave her
great advantages in the contest for the trade of the
world in winch she is embarked, and in which
she invites all nations to contend with her upon
principles of free trade, and the causes of her un-
paralleled success in manufactuimg industry. I
alluded to the abundance of British capital as one
gieat element of her success; but I did not notice
one advantage derived from that source, and that
is, that it enables the more wealthy class of man-
ufacturers occasionally to submit to great sacri-
fices in the sale of their manufactures, as it is
known they often do, to strangle rival interests
springing up in other countries. That combina-
tions for this purpose are often entered into by
British manufacturers, I presume will not be dis-
puted.
Nor have I treated, as fully as I should do, of
the truly wonderful progress which has been
made in Great Britain in substituting mechanical
for human power. An able and approved econ-
omist of the free-trade school computes that, by
this substitution, an available force equal to the
combined energies of six hundred millions, or two
thirds of the population of the globe, have been
crowded into a country not exceeding in extent
some of the separate States of this Union, and the
entire population of which does not exceed thirty
million. What proportion of this vast power or
force is employed in the various branches of in-
dustry connected directly or indirectly with man-
ufactures, I have no means of estimating, but it
must be very large. All agree that what we call
manufactures, would be more properly described
as the product of machinery than of the hands—
the bone and sinew of mau. The mechanics,
properly so called, make the machines, and the
machines convert the raw material into artificial
forms and textures. It has been estimated that
the whole number of mechanics and operators,
men, women, and children, employed in the pro-
duction of British manufactures, does not exceed
one million and a half, though many millions more
are dependent upon them for their support.
It is upon this vast accumulation of mechanical
forces, it is upon this general superiority over
other nations in the mechanic arts, that the free-
trade advocates base their belief that Great Brit-
ain will enjoy a virtual monopoly in supplying
the world with certain descriptions of manufac-
tured articles. It is upon these broad and truly
wonderful foundations—the creations of British
invention, skill, and energy, aided by a wise pol-
icy on the part of the Government—that those
advocates predict still greater triumphs of British
art, claiming that" British cotton and linen goods,
British iron and hardware, will become a kind of
current money throughout the globe;" that Brit-
ish commerce will be so extended that Britain
will become the factor for the world—" its vast
capital rendering it an industrial agency for dif-
fusing and equalizing the collected affluence of
mankind." These are the calculations — the
dreams, perhaps—of enthusiasts; but when we
reflect upon the past success of that great people
in all that constitutes the glory of nations, we
should not be surprised at any future triumph
they may achieve. How proudly erect she now
stands amid difficulties that might well appal the
most powerful nation I Not altogether fiee fiom
apprehension of the hostile designs of the first
miliiary Power of the world, yet with cool de-
termination subduing India, with its one hundred
and fifty million inhabitants, to a more perfect
obedience to her rule; and at the same time, dic-
tating to the sovereign of three hundred million
subjects on the eastern verge of Asia, the terms
upon which he may be permitted to occupy his
throne m secuiity; and, what is scarcely less ad-
mirable in her bearing at such a time, her appar-
ent indifference whether or not she gives offense
to this country—no despicable antagonist, if she
had no other. But what is most wonderful, not
to say mysterious, in the cool and unshaken at-
titude assumed by Great Britain at this time, is
the enormous financial burdens under which she
still moves onward in her course—the immense
amount of taxes levied upon the mdustiy and re-
sources of her people for the support of her vast
public establishments, and to pay tile interest
upon her public debt of =£800,000,000, equivalent
to $4,000,000,000. I see by the returns made to
Parliament, that the net revenue collected and
paid into the exchequer in 1857, was d£72,218,988,
equivalent to $360,000,000. Though there ia
something truly wonderful in all this, yet there
is no mystery in it. The port and majesty with
which Great Britain moves among the nations
are justified by her inexhaustible natural sources
of wealth which she early discovered, and had
the wisdom to cherish and develop. If it were
fit and just that any one country should make all
others tributary to it, the small group of British
isles, the seat of British power, with their com-
parative diminutive population, by raising them-
selves to their present preeminence, have won the
right to make the world tributary to them; and
now, having attained the full measure of the ben-
efits which a protective policy could bestow, well
may that great people challenge au exchange of
their products for the commodities of other na-
tions on free-trade principles. It remains to be
seen whether the challenge will be accepted. This
country already takes from Great Britain within
a fraction of $100,000,000 worth of her manufac-
tures in exchange for its raw produce, that being
one fifth of the whole amount of British exports
to all the world, and one third of her entire ex-
ports, exclusive of the amount exported to her
own possessions and dependencies. But what is
more remarkable still in the policy of this coun-
try is, that far the largest portion of all the pro-
ducts of British industry biought to this country
could, in a comparatively short time, be supplied
by native industry and resources.
Mr. President, a desire to close my remarks in-
