1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xm&
Mr. GOODE. Therefore I wish to take it from
him.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly, sir; but to give it
to the President is as bad as to leave it with the
Mayor.
Mr. GOODE. The President cannot get votes
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. STANTON. T understand the influence
and political control of the District of Columbia
as well as the gentleman from Virginia does. He
knows very well that the General Government
spendsagood deal of money and works pretty hard
and requires its employes to make contributions
for the use of the Democratic party of the Dis-
trict. It is the central point from which the pol-
itics of the country are disseminated. I think,
myself, that this bill ought to be so modified as to
make the police board elective in the mimner pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dodd.] Place the whole police force under the
control of that botrd. Let a portion of the ex-
penses be defrayed by the city treasury and a por-
tion by the national Treasury, and let us, as far
as we can, get rid of the idea that no man is enti-
tled to any post of honor or profit or emolument
under the Government, except as a reward for po-
litical service. If a man were recognized as hav-
ing some claim on account of his intrinsic merits,
his integrity, his capacity for the station, with-
out having to square his opinions precisely with
those of the gentleman who occupics the house at
the other end of the avenue, we would get on a
thousand times better. That is the great diffi-
culty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is known to us
all, Mr. Chairman, and therefore, perhaps, it is
unnecessary to be referred to, that this District of
Columbia was created by the Federal convention
in order to give exclusive jurisdiction to the Gov-
ernment to be located here. With that exclusive
jurisdiction was, of course, imposed the impera-
tive duty of preserving the public peace within
these limits. With a view to facilitate that object,
and for no other purpose, as a town grewupnere
a city government was created, and certain classes
of power were delegated to it affecting the local
interests of the people located here. I hold that
it is perfectly clear that there is an •absolute and
unqualified power in this Government to modify
the authority thus conferred, at any time, and un- j
der any circumstances. Independently of this, \
we propose here, by the bill in question, to pro- .
vide for the execution of the power conferred on ^
us by the Constitution. And why? Because the
government created heretofore is not sufficient to [
accomplish the purposes required from it, to wit:
to preserve the peace and order of the District of
Columbia. I shall not, however, dwell upon these
views, but will proceed now to other views in con- '
nection with them.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bliss] made a
very slight objection, and I have an amendment
here, prepared for the purpose of obviating that,
for that objection struck me in common with him.
There will be no difficulty, I presume, in introdu-
cing an amendment that will reconcile us both,
peihaps, to some bill.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman who last spoke
[Mr. Stanton] has traced the disorders of this
city to what is certainly a most remarkable source. 1
He says that they are entirely attributable to the
great doctrine for which both parties, it seems, |
are responsible—that to the victors belong the j
spoils. i
Sir, the object of creating this District gov- I
ernment was to give a jurisdiction to the Federal
Government from which party was to be excluded.
It was expected that here, at least, there would
be a power exclusive in its character, and which
would effectually preserve the Administration and
the Federal authorities from the influence and dan-
gers of party strife. I say here to the gentleman
that it is a most refined and metaphysical ref-
erence to the disorder of this city; and that I
presume it is utterly impossible for him to show
a single case of an individual being a party to any
proceedings of violence in this city who has an
application for appointment in the hands of the
Federal authorities. I say here, and at this time,
that of all the disorders that have disturbed the
repose of this city, and rendered unsafe its streets
and avenues, there is not a single instance where
such disorder has come from any person in pur-
suit of a Federal appointment. 1 have not heard
of a single case, and I do not believe that appli-
cants for office are the persons who come here to
disturb the public peace. Sir, every gentleman
who is an applicant for office is presumed to have
a representative here, and he can tell if there are
any such cases. I defy proof, and until there is
proof exhibited, it is to be presumed there is no
such case. v
Mr. KILGORE. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia if the person who made an
assault upon the Secretary of the Interior the other
day was not an applicant for office?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. He is not one of the
persons connected with those scenes to which we
are now having particular reference. That is one
of those cases which might have sprung up in any
condition of society. He was nota midnight mur-
derer. He was not a midnight plunderer. He
•was a man who had been in office, who had been
turned out of office, and who complained that in-
justice had been done him. And I am told that
he was atnan of unsound mind.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I wish to know if there
was not a clerk in the post office in this city who
rifled letters to the amount of several thousand
dollars, and who never was brought to justice?
and I desire to know if the Government is not
aware that of the valuable documents sent out by
members through the mails, not one fourth of
them ever reach their destination?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am unable to an-
swer questions of this sort. If the gentleman
knows of such a case, why does not he institute
a prosecution against the offender? If he knows
of such a case, why does he not promulgate it,
and not do as gentlemen are in the habit of doing,
come here with insinuations and questions? I
hold that it is highly improper for gentlemen to
use their official place here to make charges upon
persons in high official position, which they do
not substantiate by a single fact.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I will give the gentleman
authority in this ease. I will refer him to the post-
master of this city.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. For what?
Mr. BURROUGHS. The charges I have just
made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know what
the charge is.
Mr. BURROUGHS. That a clerk in the post
office in this city robbed letters to the amount of
several thousand dollars, and was never brought
to justice.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have heard of a
case, and suppose l! is the one to which the gen-
tleman refers. He was Ik Id to bail to answer the
charge at a proper day. If the gentleman lives in
a country where better can be done than that, 1
desire specially to commend the favorable condi-
tion of his section of the country to the notice of
the country at large.
But, Mr. Chairman, let me come to the point.
Should this auxiliary guard be authorized ? And
if so, who is to appoint them J Not th'1 Mayor;
for he is a party man. Shall it be the President
of the United States ' No, not he. High as his
position is, he, too, is a party man. Who, then,
shall it be? They propose to organize a no-party
board, if such an anomaly can be found in these
days of political agitation. And to arrive at such
a result they propose to have elected a board,
composed of two Democrats and two Know
Nothings. I am told that the Black Republicans
are not to have even a representation.
Mr. CURTIS. We do not ask for any.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Perhaps the gentle-
man knows his men; of that I do not know; but
how long is this board to continue in office.1' Per-
haps its members may alter their political optn-
.ions, and the equilibrium ot this high court may
be disturbed. How is the evil to be corrected ?
You can only remove the members of this board by
law. Will gentlemen, then, come here with the
grave charge that such a member of the board of
commissioners is no longer a Democrat or an
American, and he must therefore be removed.
But how, then, will they act when they are or-
ganized, and the question of appointments comes
up? One may say the appointee shall be a Dem-
ocrat, and another that he shall be an Ameucan.
They are equally divided, and they can make no
appointments whatever.
But the gentleman from Ohio who last spoke
[Mr. Stanton] do«S not want the appointing
power to be vested in: the" President; the highest
functionary" of the Governmeilt—-one who has
passed before the whole nation, who hasrecfeived
a heavy majority of the .electoral vote,-arid who
is no longer a candidate Kir reelection;* who-'ia
closing his career, and who could have hopossible
personal motive for any other than- upright and
proper conduct/ But the gentleman is not wiiliag
to take such a man; and he gives us reasons. He
says he has appointed to office mufderers and rob-
bers of his fellow-citizens in the far-away Terri-
tory of Kansas. And he gives the case of Mr.
Emory, who, under indictment, as I suppose,for.
murder in Kansas, was appointed to a land office
there by the President of the United States. Is
that a crime ? Is indictment by the Black Repub-
licans any evidence of the guilt of the party in-
dicted ? [Laughter.] Would such an indictment
in that wild section of the Union create even a
suspicion against-the party indicted?
Mr. MAYNARD. I was about to make a
question.of order upon the gentleman from Ohio,
but I prefer to make it upon my friend from Vir-
ginia, as I know he will notmisinterpret the rea-
son of my doing so. It is this, that reference to
Kansas and Kansas affairs in this debate is not
in order, not being germane to the subject under
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
question of order is well taken; that the special
order being under consideration, debate shoald.be
confined to the subject
Mr. SMITH, of Virg'inia. Allow me to sub-
mit this remark; I do not desire, of course, to
raise any question with the Chair; but here in
this bill is raised the question who shall be the
appointing power of this auxiliary guard ? The
gentleman from Ohio argues against vesting it in
the President for the reason he has stated. I am
arguing in fuvor of it for the reasons I was pro-
ceeding to state; and itdoesseem tome thatsuch
remarks should not be ruled out of order, be-
cause it would be depriving me of some argu-
ments bearing directly and necessarily upon the
question.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] if
I remember rightly, voted for the admission of
Kansas into the Federal Union under theTopeka
constitution. That, 1 suppose, he will admit; and
he rejoices in the fullness of his delight in having
done so. I shall not advert to'the fact that the
Topeka constitution is among the things that
were; and that another inauguration has taken
place ofa new and highly delightful character, and
which will bring more joy to him than upon the
former occasion; and he will have a chance, per-
haps, to vote for a constitution in which free
negro suffrage is recognized as a proper voting
power. Let that pass, however.
The gentleman voted Cor the admission of Kan-
sas under theTopeka constitution. In doing that
he knew perfectly well that a certain Mr. Rob-
inson would be the Governor of that State. Does
the gentleman know who he was voting for to
make Governor? I know. He was a gentleman
who was in California; a gentleman who resisted
the civil authorities there; a gentleman who raised
the squatters against the recognized authorities
of the city of Sacramento, and with murderous
hands slew the sheriff in the lawful exercise of his
authority. Does the gentleman know that ulti-
mately this same new Governor of Kansas, or who
he wasdesirous ofmakingsuch,wasindicted,and
imprisoned in the prison brig in the Sacramento
river; that he was elected by the squatters to a
seat in the Legislature; that he was released on
giving bonds that he would return to answer the
indictment; but that, after serving through the
Legislature, he forgot his bonds, and fled to the
Atlantic States, and was next heard of in Kansas
doing works of mischief? That is the sort of a
man he wants to make Governor of Kansas, when
he will not trust the President with the appoint-
ment of an auxiliary guard for the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. STANTON. I would state that I voted
for the admission of Kansas upon the pure prin-
ciple of squatter sovereignty—the principle that
the people shall elect their own officers. I did not
know Governor Robinson at all. He suited them,
and thev suited mo.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You knew what
soitofa man suited therp.aftd you voted for him.
But that is not ftll. In giving that vote, the gen-
