538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
duces me to pass over many points I should like
to notice; but there are a few, out of which so
much capital has -been made in this country by
the champions of fiee trade, that 1 am not willing
to slur by silence. They expatiate largely upon
the. success of free-trade principles in England,
and, by this means, they have succceded in im-
posing on the credulity of large numbers of the
people of this country. After all, what does the
free trade of England amount to? She still im-
poses duties on her imports to the extent of
•£20,000,000 on an average. Last year they
amounted to .£22,000,000; and how much of the
^17,000,000 raised by excise duties is imposed
upon the same commodities before they are con-
sumed I cannot state. What do you think, sir,
of the free-trade principles, or rather practice, of
England, when she imposes a duty of seventy-
two cents upon every pound of tobacco imported
into the kingdom, and five per cent, upon the value
in addition? What do you think of an annual
revenue of from six to seven million pounds,
equivalent to thirty or thirty-five million dollars,
derived from tobacco alone, the largest portion of
which is exported from the United States? How
does this consist with the idea of free trade? That,
however, is the character of the free trade of Eng-
land! But even here, we may learn something
from the wisdom of English statesmen. Why do
they impose such large duties on this article ? Be-
cause tobacco is an article which enters into what
is called unproductive consumption. Though it
has become an article necessary to the comfort of
the toiling million, yet it is taxed to the maxi-
mum that it will bear, because it perishes with
the use; because it cannot be spun into yarn or
made into cloth. British policyis to import noth-
ing but raw products which can be converted into
a product of ten times their original value by the
agency of her wonder-working machinery, and
such other commodities as contribute to the sub-
sistence and comfort of the operative mechanics
and laborers who make and direct the machinery.
Again, we have heard a great deal of the repeal
of the corn laws of England, as a great act of
justice to the toiling millions, extorted from the
Government by the principles of free trade. Sir,
1 should be pleased to see the Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] in his seat; the Senator who
spoke so pathetically of the imposilions and op-
pressions that were practiced upon the toiling mil-
lions by the protective policy of this country, by
the unjust taxes imposed on them for the improve-
mentof riversand harbors. He spoke of the hun-
dreds of thousands of poor people—I believe he
said there were four hundred thousand in the sin-
gle city of New York of untaxed inhabitants—
scarcely able to eke out a living; many of them
notable to do that; and yet Congress was asked
still further to distress and oppress them by in-
creased expenditures and the imposition of higher
duties—thus raising the price of the goods with
which they are to be clothed.
What was the repeal of the corn laws of Eng-
land intended to effect? The corn laws were that
part of the general protective policy of Great Brit-
ain which was intended to encourage agriculture,
and to insure, as far as practicable, that sufficient
supply of food within itself, for the subsistence
of its inhabitants, necessary to its independence;
but when, from increased population and the lim-
ited quantity of lands fit for cultivation, the prod-
ucts of the soil often fell short, as they wore almost
sure to do in unfavorable seasons, of a sufficient
supply for the whole population, the prices in
such seasons, as was inevitable, rose so high
that the laboring classes, depending upon their
daily or weekly wages for the subsistence of their
families, and especially those who could get no
regular employment, were often not able to buy
bread enough to support life; and great num-
bers, under these circumstances, but for the re-
lief extended under her poor laws in years of
scarcity, would have perished. Under these cir-
cumstances a cry of" repeal" was raised against
her corn laws by the suffering and toiling millions.
It was heard and responded to by the Govern-
ment, and the corn laws were repealed. They
ought to have been repealed as soon as popula-
tion began to tiead upon the heels of subsistence.
Protection of agriculture had gone as far as it
could safely go without a sauifice of other great
interests, and it was withdrawn without the sac-
rifice of the agricultural interest. One fourth of
the population of Great Britain is still engaged in
agricultural pursuits. Agriculture still flourishes,
and all the wheat and other grains, and the flour
made from them, imported from other countries,
constitute but a fraction of what is consumed. It
is estimated that all the ships of the merchant
service of the world would not be sufficient to
transport breadstuffs and provisions enough to
supply the United Kingdom, if their entire crop
should at any time fail. The sentiment of the
invocation of Thomson,
"Ye Britons, venerate tlie plow,"
is still the sediment of the English people, as it
is of every intelligent people. Agriculture is the
foundation of all prosperity, and without its suc-
cessful development civilization would retrograde.
But all history teaches that a people addicted to
agriculture only have invariably become either the
dependents or the victims of the Powers addicted
to trade, war, and spoliation.
But upon what pretext can it be claimed that
the repeal of the corn laws of England was a
triumph of free-trade principles? Here we have
no question about the protection of agricultural
industry; it is about the protection of mechanical
and manufacturing industry. As to these interests,
the repeal of the corn laws was a triumph of the
protective policy—of ihe manufacturing interests
of Great Britain—and was so expressly claimed
to be by the Anti-Corn Law League and the ad-
vocates of free trade. The repeal of the corn laws
cheapened breadstuffs and provisions, brought
them more within the means of the operatives and
laborers in the machine-shops and founderies, in
the mines and in the factories, which enabled them
to do more work with the same or less wages, and
to consume more of the products of manufacturing
industry, encouraging new investments of capi-
tal, the building of new factories, and thus regu-
lar employment was found for thousands who
otherwise might have been still doomed to the
pitlance of subsistence doled out by the poor-rate
charity. The repeal of the corn laws brought
relief to the toiling millions, but unhappily it could
bring no relief to the unemployed poor, except to
the extent and in the way I have just explained;
for though the market was thrown open to the
wheat of the Baltic, of the Black sea, and of the
United States, still the poor man out of employ-
ment had no means to buy it; and as for him and
his starving family, it might as well have remained
in the country where it was grown.
How does iny friend from Georgia, and those
who concur with him in the policy of free trade,
expect to advance the interests or relieve the
wants of the toiling millions about whose dis-
tresses and oppressions under the protective policy
they so eloquently declaim? How do they pro-
pose to benefit the four hundred thousand desti-
tute poor in the city of New York, referred toby
the Senator from Georgia, by their free-trade pol-
icy? When you take off all the duties on foreign
merchandise, and thereby, if it should so happen,
reduce the prices of them, does that relieve their
distresses or promote their comfort? Unfortu-
nately, their condition would remain precisely the
same; for they have no means to buy clothing at
any price, nor will they ever be able to improve
their condition until they shall find employment
by which they can first put money in their pockets.
Nor is this the doom of the poor and idle about
the large cities alone, but of the thousands dis-
persed over the country, who, either from taste or
habit, prefer the excitements and the associations
of the town and village, or of mechanical labor, to
the solitary employments of the farm or the coun-
try. But a wise protective policy looks beyond
the supply of such employments as will raise the
condition of the laboring man above want; it as-
pires to give him the option of employments at
such wages as will enable him to build a house,
to educate his children, and to clothe his wife and
daughters in a manner conformable to the natural
and becoming pride of an American freeman.
That is the true way to relieve the wants and to
elevate the condition of the toiling millions, and
there is no other way.
But, sir, a wise and statesmanlike policy for this
country must embrace other classes of our pop-
ulation besides the poor and unemployed. Three
fourths of our population are now engaged in
agricultural employments, leaving but one fourth
for all others. The cotton and tobacco growers
may be sure of a good market under all circum-
stances; but when the free-trade policy of those
who now have control in our public councils shall
be carried out; when all the most important man-
ufacturing employments and enterprises shall
cease or be broken down, except the building of
ships, and steamboats, and locomotives, to carry
off our bulky raw products, what will be the fate
of the labor and capital employed in the broad
expanse of our agricultural domain outside of the
; cotton and tobacco-growing States and districts?
| When, in addition to an area already under cul-
i tivation and ample enough to supply breadstuffs
and animal provisions for halt' the Christian
world, ten millions of acres of land are annually
brought under culture; and when the population
of all the countries where we sometimes find a
market for our agricultural products, but seldom
fall short of a sufficient supply derived from their
own soil; and when those who sometimes fail in
this can most commonly supply all deficiencies
from thegraneries of their neighbors^heaper than
from ours—I repeat, under the circumstances I
have enumerated, what is to be the condition of
the agricultural population, the farmers and la-
borers of this country? Where are they to find
a market for their still increasing products ? What
encouragement will they have to improve the pro-
ductiveness of their lands, build good farm-houses
and barns? It is true that the wheat growers on
the Atlantic slope may find a good market in the
large cities built up by foreign commerce; but
when you cast your eye over the vast valleys and
plains of the States west and northwest, teeming
with the great agricultural staples, corn and wheat,
hogs and cattle, horses and mules, you may well
ask yourselves, where on this globe are we to look
for a demand, an outlet for them at remunerating
prices ? After the horses and the mules required
i shall be driven to the cotton States; after the de-
| ficiency in their supplies of corn and bacon shall
I be furnished them; after the few populous cities
| shall have received their supplies of beef-cattle
; and pork and flour, where else, I repeat, can the
| farmer look for a profitable market for the vast
i surplus of his products which he will still find
on his hands? Nowhere, but to the uncertain,
fluctuating, and limited markets in foreign coun-
tries. In years of famine or short crops in Eu-
rope—which, by-the-by, we are liable to have at
home as well as abroad—a market may be found
for a portion of our large surplus; but the hopes
and calculations excited by such occasional de-
mands will prove delusive and short lived. A
few years ago, when there happened to be a good
market for breadstuffs in some of the States of
Europe, and when some now railway connections
between the West and the East had recently been
finished, the farmers of Tennessee and Kentucky
imagined that they had found a new mine of wealth
in the wheat-producing qualities of their soil and
climate. They obtained near their own doors
some ninety cents or a dollar a bushel for then-
wheat; but as soon as Providence smiled upon
their transatlantic customers, their newly-excited
hopes and expectations vanished.
In the last five years, which, as we know, were
years of inflation in everything, the average value
of provisions and breadstuffs exported annually
to foreign markets was only, m round numbers,
$57,000^000; in the preceding five years, the aver-
age did not exceed $30,000,000; but under the
new state of things which we may expect to fol-
low the triumph of what is called free trade, unless
there should spring up a demand abroad justify-
ing an increased exportation of breadstuffs and
provisions to the amount of at least fifty million
dollars in each successive year, the farm-house
would soon decay, and the plow stand still in the
furrow throughout more than half the extent of
our present agricultural and cultivated surface.
Everybody knows that the prices of agricultural
products at home are regulated by the foreign de-
mand. If there is no demand abroad, of course
prices come down to a figure regulated by the
relations subsisting between the supply and de-
mand in the home maiket; and prices will be very
U low, as such supplies in this country must, in an
!! average of yeais. jargely fxceed the demand,
