490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. BOYCE. The gentleman from Missouri
speaks of some of these plates having been exe-
cuted in Paris. I wish to ask him whether they
could not have been as well executed in this
country ?
Mr PHEXiPS. I suppose thoy could; but it
is probable, m consequence of the large amount
of engraving m the process of being executed by
the engravers in our country, it was impossible
to have the work executed as soon as requited,
and. therefore, engravers in other countries were
employed.
Some conversation here occurred between Mr.
Peyton and Mr. Phelps, entirely inaudible to the
reporter, when the hommer fell, the hour for
closing debate having expired.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to strike out all
after the tenth line, and to insert the following:
To pay for paper, $'1114,000.
To pay lor tile printing oidared l v tbf Seriate and House
of Representatives dninnj the Thirty-Thud and Tlnity-
Fouith CongK^se°, $-17,619 94.
To pnv lor 111« binding, hthonraphin?, and engrnvmir. or-
dered by tlie Senate dining the Tinny-Thud and Thirty-
Fontlli t'ongie^seh. $164,.109 Gt.
Sec. 9 .8ml he it furLhtu enacted, That the Public Piinter
is hneby instiueted and lerjonecl not to pimt any further
"report- of the ie-,ult of the Tinted States naval astronom-
ical < xpedmon to the toutiieni lu'mi>phore," nor k-ot' the
eApiorution-. and <uivey.> to a^oeuiitn the most praeiieahle
loute loi a railroad Iroin the AIi:-M&Hppi nvei to the Pacific
ocun," nor 01 ihe United bi.ites tonnm-^ion to mii vcy a
Ixuiudaty hue between the United Stales and the Republic
ot Mexico,''other than <-ueh leport-of each as may be now
wutren and in Ins hands tor publication.
Mr. Chairman, as the hou r debate has been term-
inated, 1 have not the time to discuss these ques-
tions as I would like. I will speak of some others
than those I shall now address myself to, as the
debate progresses.
1 om in favor of paying for the work that has
been done. I only propose to cut off everything
that has not been done. I find, that 111 reply to
an interrogatory from the Committee of Ways
and Means, the'Superintendent of Public Printing
has declared the amount due and required to pay
for the paper for the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fourth Congresses to be $104,000. That is due,
and we ought to pay it. lie says in his report
that he answers this question, although he was
not i eqnested to do so; yet other questions which
were propounded to him he does not answer. 1
propose to pay for this paper, and to cut off the
r<-Kt. Tins will save the Government $65,000.
i piopose to pay also for the printing ordered by
the Seimie and Rouse of Repiesentatives during
the '1 hirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses.
The amount ix §47,G19 94. We owe that much,
according to the report of the Superintendent ot
Public Punting, aiuj we ought to pay it. I pro-
pose to pay also for the binding, lithographing,
and engraving, ordered by the Sc-nute during the
Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses.
The amount is §lG4,5tfJ 44. That is due, and
ought to be paid. The whole amount which 1
propose to cut down is §474,000.
We were called upon, in the deficiency bill m
185G, to supply the sum of $40t>,000 as deficien-
cies in hthogiaphing and engraving. Congress
did vote that amount for the put pose specified;
and we were called upon in 1857 to vote the round
sum of $xJ50,000, tosupply deficiencies in the same
chtiructcrot appropriation*.. We are called upon
now to vote an additional appropriation of $790,0U0
—making, in round numbers, m all, ,440,64.'}—
to supply deficiencies {or printing, binding, &c.,
of books: some of which, it is stated, are not yet
written, while others aie m the process of prep-
niation. in regard to Uiliiss's repoi t, we arc in-
formed by the Superintendent of Public Printing
tiiat he has no information when that work will
be finished—to what number of volumes the re-
sults of the astionomical surveys in the southern
hemisphere will run. I propose to stop these
wotks, ali or" them, just where they are; I pro-
pose to cut down this bill to <*311),000, which is
the amount the Government owes, and ought to
pay. I would rather pay the damages we will
subject ourselves to, than to run up a deficiency
bill to $1,000,000 at each session ot Congiess.
> The Superintendent of Public Printing tells us,
sir, that he has no information, 1 will lepeat, as
to the peiiod at which the completion of Mr.
Gilliss's report is probable*,and if we are to con-
tinue in this line, there is no telling the amount of
money that will be required to supply deficiencies
before the work is printed. I understand the
author has been relieved fiom his position in the
Navy, and that he has nothing to do now but to
write out his report of his surveys, &c., in South
America. Are we m a condition to afford this?
With a necessity existing, calling for extraordi-
nary means to get money into the Treasury, and
while war threatens with Utah, are we to extrav-
agantly lavish hundreds of thousands of dollars
upon this book? These are pertinent questions.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am sorry for it. Others
have obtained the floor to discuss Kansas affairs
and other questions, when I have failed to get it
with a view to discuss the bill before the commit-
tee.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Is further amendment in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia, if
the gentleman wishes to do so. The gentleman
can only speak to the amendment to the* amend-
ment.
Mr. NICHOLS. With the gentleman *s per-
mission I will make some remarks in opposition
to the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
If 1 understand the amendment,it proposes to dis-
pense with any work necessary to complete the
woiks now m progress. It may be very proper
for the House to mauifest its sense of what has
been done in reference to some of these works.
To that I have no objection. I believe, sir, that
the pruning knife might be applied even to this
bill, and amendments made to it, which will work
good. But I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Georgia, and for this reason:
Take one single work—there is the Commercial
Relations of the United States with all nations; you
have the first, third, and fourth volumes punted.
I presume there is no question in the mind of any
gentleman as to the value of that work. The
amendment of the gentleman would stop the pub-
lication of the only volume necessary to complete
the series, the second volume.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman misun-
derstands my amendment. There is nothing in
it about the report on commercial relations.
Mr. NICHOLS. As I understand the proviso
of the gentleman from Georgia, it cuts down all
that is not now printed. That is what I oppose.
1 want this report on Commercial Relations com-
pleted. 1 want also the Pacific railroad surveys
completed, liave gentlemen who served in the
last ilouse of Representatives forgotten tluit, upon
a distinct question made in reference to that work
after prolonged discussion and fieicu contioveisy,
the mont'y was placed withm the control of the
Secretary of War for the express purpose of pre-
paring the maps, engravings, and illustrations,
which gentlemen are now talking so much about?
I say that, if the work is costing money, it is
the fault, not of the House, but of the officers who
are preparing it, and the tiousc which heretofore
authorized this publication, and placed the means
111 the hands of these officers of swelling the ex-
penditures m reference to it. For this reason,
and believing, too, that the work itself is a work
of great utility, I wish to see it complekd.
iiut, Mr. Chairman, 1 do not believe that it is
necessary to complete that work, or the work of
Emory, in the style and manner that they are
estimated for here. Why, sir, I find m these
estimates forwarded to the Committee of Ways
and Means, a sum set down here for colored en-
gravings. Let any gentleman take the second vol-
ume ot the Japan Expedition, and look through
it, and he will find that the views of scenery are
not colored; but when you come to a picture of a I
little fish, you find it spotted with a color or two, '
and the increased cost is in consequence of this
change in the ordinary mode of illustrating these
works. Scnke down all these profuse illustra-
tions; put a limitation upon the appropriation
which shall restrain the contracts to that end, but
that which is useful of itself—of practical utility
—i ask ihe House to retain.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order now
to offer an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is not. The amendment to the amend-
ment must first be disposed of.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the com-
mittee that I will withdraw my amendment in the
shape in which it now is, and present it as a sub-
stitute for all after the tenth line of the bill.
Mr. GROW. 1 object to its being withdrawn
for that purpose.
Mr. CRA WFORD. I will withdraw the amend-
ment, if there is no objection.
Mr. GROW. I object. Let us have a vote
upon it.
Mr HOUSTON". I understand that the gen-
tleman from Georgia proposes to withdraw his
amendment as he has presented it, and submit his
amendment by way of a substitute for the entire
bill, or for two thirds of it.
The CHAIRMAN. There is objection to the
withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. There can be none.
Mr. GROW. I object.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Geor-
gia lias a right to withdraw his amendment, and
then submit another.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
he has no such right.
Mr. EUSTIS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] a question.
[Cries of k< Older!" and i{ Glucstion !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. GROW. Is it in order now to move to
strike out the fourteenth and fifteenth lines ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
The question before the committee is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EUSTIS. I desire to ascertain—and I ask
the Chair if it is not in order for me to ask the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford]—•
whether the amount of §104,000, which the gen-
tleman from Georgia proposes to substitute for
the amount reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means to pay for the paper of the Thirty-
Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, includes
the amount which will be required to pay for the
paper of the second volume of the Commercial
Relations, or is that excluded?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly it is excluded.
Mr. EUSTIS. The third and fourth volumes
have ahcady been published, and we oushtsurely
to appropriate the money to pay for the paper of
the second volume.
[Cries of k* Order ! Order !?}]
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana is not in order.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] as 1 understand it, is to strike out all
after the enacting clause. The motion of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] is to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky. Now, it is in order to amend any por-
tion of u bill proposed to be stricken out; and,
therefore, it will be in order to move to strike out
lines fourteen and fifteen of the bill; because, sir,
if you cannot amend before the motion to strike
out is earned, you cannot perfect the original
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know the state of
the question.
Mr. GROW. I ask the Chair to decide my
point of order winch is, that any portion of the
bill proposed to be stricken out is open to amend-
ment before the vote is taken on striking out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not in
this stage of the proceedings, and overrules the
question of order.
Mr. GROW. I would like to know, then, how
you can perfect the original bill?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know what is the
precise state of the question?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending, and also an amendment to the amend-
ment which will be reported.
The Clerk road the amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the'amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Craw-
ford] is intended as a substitute for the bill. It
is competent for the committee to perfect the ori-
ginal bill before the vote be taken between it and
the substitute; and it is also competent to amend
the substitute, offered by the gentleman from
Georgia before the vote be taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not, and
