1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
tlemanknewit would be the introduction into the
Senate of the United States of a man who was a
leader in all the mischief, disorder, burnings, and
murders in Kansas for the last two years, and
who was driven from the Senate of the United
States by a distinguished and eminent Senator,
[Mr. Douglas,] who denounced him as guilty of
the crimes of forgery and perjury.
Mr. STANTON. I presume the gentleman
means Sheriff Jones. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was speaking of
one who would be a Senator of theUnitedStat.es.
He knew I was speaking of James H. Lane.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will stop here to
please the gentleman from New York.
The question recurs, who shall be the appoint-
ing power? I beg leave to read to the gentleman
frotn Ohio, who is generally a very dispassionate
man, and who is in the habit of dealing in facts,
an extract from the opinion of the Supreme Court
in a celebrated case arising out of the Dorr rebel-
lion. But before reading it, I will remark that
the gentleman from Ohio, in speaking of parties,
said he would not give the appointing power to
on£ party or the other, because either party would
act upon the principle that to the victoTs belong
the spoils. Bat the country is divided into polit-
ical parties, and the appointing power must be
lodged somewhere.
But upon this question I will not enlarge. I
read from the seventh volume of Howaid's Re-
ports some remarks of Judge Nelson, in the Dorr
case, made when the Federal court was in the full
enjoyment of the highest confidence of the entire
country. He said: '
" It is said that tins powor'in the 1'resuliint i* (Ulcerous
to liberty, find may be
That was the great power recognizing the sov-
ereign authority of a State. It was not a little,
petty matter like this, but the power of deciding
which of the parties of a State was the tiue pop-
ular sovereignty of the State, lie says:
" II is said tti.it thi> povvt'i in the Pr* Mdent i.-* d.insreiou^
to hbeity, and mav he abiwd All powei mav be abused
if placed ut unworthy hands But it would hi- (tiilieult. wo
think, to point oitl any oilier irauds in winch tIin powot
would bo moie sale, and ai the -.me.' tuu-j equ.illv efu-ennl
When citizens of the same State are in aim?- against eaeh
other, urn! the constituted atnhonnes unable to execute the
laws, the interposition ot the United States iruw tic piomju,
Or it is ofl title value. The omIih.ii v course of proceeding
in courts of justice would he ulteily unlit foi the cums. And
tile elevated otfiee o! the President, chosen a^ he is by the
people of the United States, and the Umh re.-pon-ibihtv he
could not fail to feel when acting in a ease of so much mo-
ment, appeal to ("urni-h a-; stiong stfifegiiiiuW against a will-
ful abuse ot power a< human piudenee and iore-i ht could
well provide At all events it w eouieired upon hnn by
the Constitution and laws of the United States, and must
therefore be le&peeted and enloicod in us judicial tubu-
naR 
Such, sir, was the language of tho Supreme
Court, in reference to n great matter; and shall
that argument not be regarded as having; ell'oct
and value, in reference to a little matter of tins
description ? It does seem to im- most remarkable
that here, in a District within our exclusive juris-
diction; here in a District where the population is
fleeting and unsettled, and where, consequently,
the people cannot couiiibute to the full extent le-
quisite for an efficient police, we, the Represent-
atives of die people, interested for our own per-
sonal safety, and for the safety of those whom
our presence brings here on business, are unwill-
ing to create a proper and sufficient police for the
purpose of keeping down the rowdies and others
who come from adjoining cities for the advantage
of the harvest which they expect to reap here
from the concentration of Federal authority on
this point. 1 ask, gentlemen, if it be possible that
we can pause or hesitate to do what may secuie
that safety to which we are entitled, because a
partisan has to make the appointments? In whom
can the power rest with so much safety as in the
hands of one who has been elevated to the highest
position in the world by the voices of his country-
men, and who has^now nothing to-seek but their
affection and regard ?
Mr. jVIAYNaRD obtained the floor,but yield-
ed it to
Mr. WRIG-HT, of Georgia, who moved that
the committee use.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;andthe Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. .Tones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the special order, being
Senate bill " to establish an auxiliary guard for
the protection of public and private property in
the city of Washington, and repealing all acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject;" and
had come to- no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT*
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States;
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives a memorial
addressed to myself by a committee appointed by the citi-
izens of that portion of the Territory of Utah which is sit-
uated west of Goose Creek range of mountains, commonly
known as Carson Valley, in favor of the establishment of*
a territorial government over them, and containing the re-
quest that I should communicate it to Congress I have
received but one copy of this memorial, which I transmit
to the House upon the suggestion of James M. Crane, Esq.,
Delegate elect from the people composing the new Terri-
tory, for the reason, as lie alleges, that the subject is now
underconsideiation before the Committee on Territories of
that body. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, April 13tk, 1858.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
LIGHT-HOUSES IN THE NORTHWEST.
The SPEAKER. also laid before the House a
report from the Treasury Department in answer
to the resolution of the House in regard to light-
house expenses on the nmthwestern lakes, in the
tenth and eleventh district*.
On motion of Mr. CQMUSTS, the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and* ordered to be printed.
PENITENTIARY IN KANSAS.
The SPE\IvER also laid before the House tho
memorial of the Legislative of Kansas, asking an
appropriation for a penitentiary in that Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
ATLANTIC STEAM FERRY COMPANY.
Mr. GARNETT asked the unanimous consent
of the L-Iou.se (o offer the following resolution:
(-v/.TIi.tf i lie Committee on Commerce be instructed
to-nqnirr' into the expediency ot authonzmg the Atlantic
Steam I'Vny Complin, ineorpoiated by the General As-
sembly of Yugmia. on the l.">tb Maieh, 1S">6, to build, or
piuchase. in anv foieign eountiy, such voxels said com
pany may i< quae, Mini ve->-e!~ to he entitled to all the priv-
ilege^ ot navigation andotheiwij-e, to which vessels builtm
the United Suites are, or-.lull be entitled.
Mr. CAMPBELL objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. JOHN" COCH-
RAN E, (at thirteen nunutes after four o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 14, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal nf yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Eliphalet
Lyman, ptaying to be allowed bounty land fo*
his services as surgeon to a company of drafted
militia in the war of which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of citizens of
Boston, remonstrating against the repeal of the
act establishing the Light-House Board; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. fcSEWARD presented the petition of J.
Hosford Smith, praying; for an additional allow-
ance during" the time he was United States consul
at Ben ut in Syi ia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. TOOMBS piesenfed two petitions of citi-
zens of the city of New York, praying for the
enactment of a general relief law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Edson
Fossenden, praying for the renewal of his patent
for a power-weaving loom; winch was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. KING presented the petition of James
Smith j praying to be allowed a pension for an in-
jury teceived while a soldier m the Airny; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of owners
of property in squares Nos.$87 and 688, situated
north and south of the East Pctrk of the Capitol,
praying Congress to come to some decision in re-
gard to the enlargement of the Capitol grounds,
during the present session; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
RESOLUTIONS FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BRODERICK presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California in favor of an act of Con-
gress granting to that State five per cent, of'the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands in, Cali-
fornia for school purposes; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a communication from An-
drew J. Moulder, superintendent of public in-
struction in.California, relative to the sale of public
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, relative to land- titles in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, in favor of a weekly mail
route in certain counties in that State, and the lo-
cation of certain post offices therein; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of a weekly mail from
Weaversville, via the mouth of Canon Creek, to
Canon City, in that State: which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GWfN. I am requested to present joint
resolutions of the Legislature of California, rel-
ative to the admission of Kansas into the Union
as a State under the Lecompton constitution. I
ask that they be read; and as the subject has been
disposed of by the Senate, I move that they be
printed, and laid on the table.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Concuuent icsoluuon relative to the admission of Kansas.
Whereas. The people of the Terutory of Kansas did, on
the 1th day ot'November, 1857, by a convention assembled
ioi that pui poso, loi ui lor themselves a constitution and
rftate, government, winch constitution and State govern-
ment m) foi med is republican ; and whereas, the said con-
stitution has been submitted to the Congress of the United
States, with thQ view ot' the admission of Kansas into the
Union as an mdppendent State : Therefore,
Resolved by the Jl*,seinbly, (the Senate concurring,) That
our Senators he instructed, and our Representatives le-
quested, to vote for the immediate admission of the Terri-
tory of Kansas into the Union, on an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatever.
Resolved. That the Governor be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to transmit copies of these resolutions to our Sena-
tois and Representatives in Congress.
N. E. YV1HTESIDES,
Spenkci of the JJ^cmhly,
JOSEPH VVALKUP,
President of the Senate.
Ofi iof of Sfcretary of State,
Sa.ckamk.mo, California, March ID, 1858.
I, Ferns Foi man, Seeietary of State of the State of Cal-
ifornia, do hereby certify that the annexed is a tiue and cor-
leet copy of a concurrent resolution. relative to the admis-
sion of Kansas now on (He m tlm* otfiee.
Witness my hand, and the great seal of State, at the. of-
r ol fiee'in Sacramento, California, the 19th day of
1>S,J March, A. D. ISott.
FERRIS FORMAN,
Secretary of State.
Mr. RRODEIMCK. The resolutions intro-
duced by my colleague, from the Legislature of
California, will have no influence upon my action
here, now or in the future. I am satisfied that
these resolutions do not exptess the opinions of
the people of California upon the question to
which they lefer. I am satisfied, sir, that four
fifths of the people of California repudiate the
i Lecompton fuvad. 1 shall respect the wishes of
: the people, and pay no respect to the resolutions
j passed by a Legislature not representing the opin-
! ions of the people of California. I merely say this
; now for the purpose of placing myself right on the
record.
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to discuss this
: question, as it has passed from the consideiafion
of the Senate. I take issue with the Senator in
his statement as to the public sentiment m Cali-
fornia on this subject, arid accept the tribunal he
invokes—the people. Before that great tribunal
I am willing to be present myself, and abide its
decision, having no doubt or fear of the result.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the printing of the resolutions.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to the
printing.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
