1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MEMORIAL FROM UTAH.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
received a memorial from a number of persons
representing themselves to be a committee on be-
half of the citizens of Great Salt Lake City, accom-
panied by a preamble and resolutions adopted by
a meeting of the citizens of that city.
Mr. BIGLER. The paper which the President
has just presented from Utah, I learn is a memo-
rial, accompanied by a preamble and resolutions,
which embody a very significant expression of
the views and purposes of that peculiar set of
people. I think, sir, it would be highly proper
► to have the preamble and resolutions read. They
are especially interesting at this time, as the Sen-
ate, probably, in a few hours will be considering
the deficiency bill, on which we shall have to de-
bate the policy of this expedition.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolutions
accompanying the memorial of the inhabitants of
Great Salt Lake City to the President and Con-
gress of the United States, as follows:
Whereas, in the year 1833, the military of the county of
Jackson. State of Missouri, under the command of the Lieu-
tenant Governor thereolj did expel our people from their
liomes, many of whom were murdered by them, their prop-
city destioyed, and their families driven ami scattered;
others weie whipped, tarred and feathered, and o herwise
oarbaroujily treated by and under the immediate dneetion of
the military and civil authorities; .ind vvheieas, in the >ear
1838, the Executive of Missouri did order out an overwhelm-
in!; military foice, march them into our settlements and
butcher many, without le^rard to eilhei age, sex, or condi-
tion ; jobbed us of out propeiry, impiisoiiod many ot our
brethren without process, ravished oui wives and daugh-
ters, and drove us off, undei a brutal oider of extermination,
trom land wo had purchasedfiom the Geneiul Government;
and whereas, the Evecuuvo of the s-oveieign Stale or' Illi-
nois, in violation of all law, did match a military foice mlo
oui ncighboihood, and under the mo&t solemn pledge of pto-
tection and legal justice, compel our leading men todehver
themselves :nto his hand-*, he himself acknowledging that
they were not guilty of any crime, leaving them m the power
of assa&sms, who did treacherously and inhumanly butcher
them ; and whereas, the State_of Illinois,in 1845,did require
our people, under pain of exteumnation by an mfunated
mob. to leave the State, pledging themselves to piotcet us
in doing so. vet suffeied oui people to be murdered and our
iiou&ep burned with impunity; and wheieas, we did petition
the Chief Cxccutivcot our nation, and theGoveruoi oi each
State and Territoiy in the Onion, lor an asylum fiomuur
persecutors, where we could eujov our H'ligion unmolested,
which only met with insult and cold nealect; and whcn-ai,
wiien u o we! o tleemg into the wildej ucs-. a tall wa-, made
by the Geneial Government on u« for five bundled ol out-
most etlicictit men, who wrne leodilv fisrm.-hed, and who
went in the service of oui eountiv, which wa- then engaged
iii a war with the Hepublic of Alexteo ; and wheieas, a  soon
as oui iniht eliieiciit mm had left m the service of our coun-
try, th<> Stare of inarched a formidable nun.', to JVau-
voo, wheie many of the intirm and aired lather, mother-,
biother-i, and tasters ot tho&e veiy men engaged in the war
with Mexico, wore killed and wounded, lowing the families
that weie left destitute to the deflate pi an ic.-, a ptey to hit n
gp \ cold, and dt>case; and whereas, on our journey here we
weie compelled to make a temporalv location Jor winter
quaitor-son the we^t hank of the Mis^ouii rivei, neai (Coun-
cil JihiO's, to winch the Government of the United Stares
sent then officer, and not died Us to vactae out hou^e- not-
withstanding many of tho^e who occupied them weie the
laimbesot those very men engaged in the set vice of the Unl
ted Staler m the war with Mexico, and who themselves
were discharged two thousand miles from their families, in
an enemycountry, without the mean ^ of returning home ;
and whereas, we have wandered under the pioteetion of the
Almighty, and the wise counsel ot our woithy Govemoi,
Bugtiam Young, fourteen hundred miles into the deceit,
nuking our own roads, and leaving our per>ecutois to the
enjounont of our hard earned labor*: and whereas, not a
.sohtaiy individual who ha* participated m any of the mur-
der*, robberies, rape*-, and other enormities inflicted upon
us within the United States, has ever been biought to jus-
tice; and whereas, our lepeated petitions for rediess to those
in authority have been an«wcred by adding insult to injury ;
and whereas, the people of tins Territory have been peace-
ful and law abiding, living m the strict obsei vance of the
laws of the United States applicable in our Temtory ; mid
wheica^, the Government of the United States', a-s is re-
ported. has sent a formidable armv into our Teuitorv:
Resolved, That we regard the movements of the piesent
Adumustiaiion, m sending their aimed legion* into oui
midst, a> a i enewal ot tiie persecution, butchenej-. and hoi-
nd scenes of destruction with which their eyes were gloated
while we were in their undst.
Resoh-ed. That we highly approve of the constitutional,
pamotic, and humane couise pursued by 111s? Excellency
Governor Biigham Young, in taking efficient measures to
mteieep* the ptugreyi of the e unwelcome, unasked, and
eonuptmg intruders.
Resolved. That we fullv approve ot the lesoiutions pfi^sed
m the Legislative Assetnblv, tndor>mg and approving the
act^ of the Governor in lelation to the invading army, and
we heartily concur in the spirit and sentiments expressed
in the memorial adopted by the Legislative Assembly, Jan-
uary t , 1 *">?.
iiaolreth That no officer appointed by the Administration
shall exercise any dominion ovei us while tilth aunie-j ale
menacing our tetntoiy
Rcnohaly That wc would bo tecreant to eveiv punciple
of honor, patriot isin.vinue, integrity. self respect, and com-
mon decency, should we tamely submit, like the menial
serls of Xtu,ssia, to be uiled by the bayonet.
Revolved, That we tender to his Excellency Governor
Young our utmost exertions, our lives, and our fortunes, for
the'defense of our rights; that we regard no sacrifice too
great, and are ready, if necessary, to sacrifice our homes,
but we will not see them inherited by our enemies.
Resolved^ That we request the Government of the United
States to withdraw their armed menials and cease to pros-
titute the executive power of a great nation to subserve the
ends of cruelty, religious oppression, and injustice.
Resolved, That as, m all our persecutions and sufferings,
heretofore, we have been deceived by promises of protection
and pretexts of enforcing the law, we will not suffer our-
selves to be again deceived by such shallow pretenses, and
that if the authorities of the United States wisli to convince
us of their lawful, humane, and just intentions to us as a
people, they must pay us our damages, redress our wrongs,
punish our murderers, plunderers, and ravishers, or we shall
continue to believe that they have not reformed.
Resolved, That we appeal to the native justice of the peo-
ple of the United States, our brothers, our kindred, whose
fathers fought side by side with ours the battles of our coun-
try's independence, and whose blood mingled together, a
sacrifice to purchase civil and religious hbeity; wc have
been reared at the same firesides, educated at the same
schools, colleges, and universities, and we are entitled to
all the privileges of religious liberty, purchased by the com
mon suffering of our fathers; to you we appeal to stretch
forth the hand and save these principles fiom the vile at-
tempt of unprincipled demagogues to ciush and submeige
them in the blood of your fellow countrymen.
Resolved, That we depiecate and deeply deplore the
causeless, but ovet whelming prejudice which denied even
the piesentation of our constitution and application for ad-
mission into the Unionasa State; andalso,the subsequent
attempts of the Government to crush the people of this Ter-
ritory by depriving them of every vestige of constitutional
right and liberty. *
Resolved* That our religion inculcates morality, a strict
obicivaucc of s-oeiai ties, a lasting interest m the welfare
of all good men, and respect to the rights of otheis in the
same degree as we would have our own icspeeted.
Resolved, That bv the help of Almighty God, we will main
tain our constitutional lights and libeities, our religion, our
wives and children, and our hard earned firesides and
homes, and we invite the down tioddcn and oppressed of
all natioiw, fcindi eds, lon<me>, and people, of whatever laith
thev may be, togethei, to the.se vallev^, where they can wor-
ship God according to the dictates of their own consciences.
W. YV. Jones, E, Smith,
Robert L Campbell, Lewis Robinson,
Robert T Burton, John Van Cott,
William Eddmgton, Edwin U. Woulley.
Levi Jackman,
Committee on behalf of the citizens of Ctreat Salt Lake City,
Salt Lake county^ Utah Territoiy,
Great Salt Lake City, January 16, 1838.
Mr. POLK. I feci it due, sir, to the State which
I in part lepresent, not to allow the paper which
has just been read to pass unchallenged in regard
to the statements it makes as to the conduct of
the Mtscounans towards thai people while they
were in that State. I shall briefly say, only, (hat
those charges I consider slanderous and false.
They were allowed to remain in Missouri just so
long as they could be tolerated iti a civilized com-
munity governed by law and regulated by proper
moral'sentimpfit. So long" as life and property
could be held safe to such an extent that anything
like a sure tenure of either could be relied on by
the population, that people were allowed fo re-
main there. They were ultimately driven off,
and driven off because the execution of the law
required that they should leave the communities
in which they were placed. When they were
finally expelled from the State, I undertake to say,
for I have had a representation of the facts from
a gentleman who is now a distinguished member
of the other House of Congress, who commanded
the forces of Missouri at the time, that there was
no cruelty practiced upon that people. They were
compelled to surrender; and when they did sur-
i render, the offenders against whom legal process
had been issued, and was in the hands of public
1 officers, but which could not be served before be-
: cause the parties were shielded from arrest by
! the illegal combinations of that people, were de-
livered into the hands of justice, to be disposed
of by the civil tribunals. They had a fair timl,
and no rights of theirs, either of person or of
property, I believe, were wantonly or unjustly
invaded or trampled upon by Missouri as a ^rate,
or by Missourians as individuals. They left Mis-
souri and went 1.0 Illinois. Illinois received them
at first with open arms; but after being there a
while, they became intolerable, so that they could
be borne there no longer; and ultimately, I believe,
they were compelled to leave that State The se-
curity of the citizens of that State required that
they should depart. They have departed; and
now that they are in rebellion, as I considerit, at
Great Salt Lake, they are adding insult to the
treachery and treason which they are at this very
moment exhibiting hy then* conduct against the
United States: insult to Missouri and to Illinois,
and to the whole United "States,,of WHiqB those
two States are constituents•
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was riot in; fheVOHaihfeer
when that paper was laid befo?e!the
heard only the conclusion of it. ' E.do nol feet tay|
self under the same obligation^ that the Senator
from Missouri did, to enter any
their statements. I have no apprehension that
any statements of Brigham Young, Or of that com-
munity at Salt Lake, will disparage the character
of the State of Illinois, or of the State of Mis-
souri, or of any other State in the Union. * His-
tory will do justice to our two States—Missouri
ana Illinois. It has done it, in fact, already.; The
public sentiment of those States, of the TTmori, and
of the world, has vindicated them. If any further
vindication was necessary, it would be found in
the action of these people at Salt Lake, in the tone
of the concluding part of that memorial, or pro-
test, or whatever it may be called. It is in terms
and in spirit a declaration of war, appealing to all
mankind against the American Government and
the American people; showing themselves to be
alien enemies, not entitled to the protection of the
United States. The very character of that paper
carries with it a sufficient shield^ protect the II-
linoisians and the Missourians, or the citizens of
any other State they may slander, from the de-
nunciations and charges they make. Sir, I have
no defense to make of my State. She nee'ds none.
Missouri can rest upon her history; Illinois upon
hers; and let the future dispose of these people at
Salt Lake.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dispo-
sition will the Senate make of the communication
which has been laid before it?
Mr, GWIN. I move that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it will be re-
ferred. I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
hiotion.
Mr. GWIN". I withdraw my motion, if the
gentleman wishes it; and move to refer this com-
munication to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a word to say on that.
1 think it is showing too much respect to a papfer
of that description to refer it, for the purpose of
having a report; and I think the original motion
of tin? Senator from California was the proper
one, to lay it on the table. The subject-matter,
in proper, respectful terms,is before the committee
now; and I think it is showing too much respect
to a paper of that description to refer it to the
committee. It is a war measure, if anything, and
should go to the Committee on Military Affairs;
but 1 would not propose its reference anywhere.
Mr. GWIN. I renew my motion to lay the
paper on the tahla.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish the honorable Senator
from Illinois would reconsider that subject for a
moment. These people, I think, are entitled to
very little respect, and to no sympathy. But let
us reflect. We are informed by the President of
the United States that all civil authority, all the
functions of the Federal Government, in Utah, are
suspended, overthrown by the action of this peo-
ple. We know that there is an armed force on its
way to compel them to submit and to acknowl-
edge the authority of the United States. The
paper which they have sent here, of which I have
heard butasmall portion, I suppose was intended
to have the character of a petition, or, at least, of
a protest; and it must *be expected that a people
with whom such relations are existing, or such
want of relations as is existing between them and
the United States, would not be very careful or
very guarded in their language, and that they
would not express themselves with the respect
and consideration for the feelings of the Govern-
ment oft he United States, or those connected with
it, that might be expected if they stood in differ-
ent relations.
We arc striking these people, as I understand
it; and I think it but just and generous and wise
to hear them. To lay their petition upon the table
would be construed by them into contempt. It does
not become us to piactice contempt of the weak,
especially if they are subjects of our own juris-
diction. But it seems to me, that, waiving alljpb-
jtictions to the character and temper of thepa]3er,
it would be wi.se to give it a reference; and, ot all
the references, that which is most appropriate is
to the Committee on Territories. I see an allusion
in it—a complaint—that their application to be
