1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
even though no change should take place for the :
worse in our present commercial policy; and thus \
the producers of breadstuffs and provisions, the ;
largest portion of our whole population, may be i
said to be already reduced to a state of absolute
dependence upon foreign markets for any remu-
nerative return for their industry and capital.
But what, especially, will be the condition and
prospects of the new States of the West and
Northwest, springing up on the Upper Missis-
sippi and Missouri, in which wheat is the great,
and in some the only staple production, if the |
policy foreshadowed, or the one even now exist-
ing, should be adopted or perpetuated? Pro- i
ducers of wheat and consumers of the flour made !
from it will they be all the days of their lives'
not a mouth to help them to consume, except the !
merchant and Indian trader, who supply them
with such foreign merchandise as the modicum of
price they getfortheirwheatand Indian annuities
payfor. Before the tariff ofl824,the highestprice 1
wheat commanded in Illinois was thirty-seven and j
a half cents per bushel. When wheat commands >
one dollar per bushel in New York, the farmer
in the fer West, at this day, may expect to get
twenty-five cents per bushel for his surplus, and
that will be the maximum in an average of years. \
What condition could be more forlorn and hope- i
less? The poor man who has laid up all his j
small earnings to gratify his pride in becoming a i
landowner, and now finds himself in the pos- '
session of one hundred and sixty acres, will in a
short time find it to his interest to sell his land;
and if he cannot find a purchaser at any price,
to run away from it, and go where he can do
better for his family in some other locality or
employment. The only exception to this inev-
itable condition of the far West will be found on
the great lines of travel and emigration to Cali-
fornia and Frazer's river in pursuit of gold, for
it will soon come to pass that no gold can be got
in this part of the continent. The emigration to
those points will greatly increase, and the emi-
grants will consume a portion of the products of
the farmer immediately on the routes they pursue.
What is the true policy of this country ? To
encourage and protect by all constitutional and
justrneans its internal trade and industry; to pro-
mote the division of labor and the diversity of
industrial pursuits; to provide congenial and prof-
itable employment, as far as practicable, for the
whole population. Let all the arts of production
and civilization be cherished by a discriminating
patronage. Let the flame and smoke of the smelt-
ing furnace be seen rising from every hill and
mountain side, and from every valley where na-
ture has stored her mineral wealth. Let beautiful ;
villages spring up along the line of all our rail- j
ways, great and small, and dot over all the in- j
tenor; and in or around all of them let the stately |
factory appear, with its busy hum of looms and i
spindles; and hard by, the great workshops be I
found in which that sort of machines are made j
that produce the wealth of England. Let the !
draught stacksofthefounderydiversifythescene, |
and the stroke of the big forge-hammer, reducing j
the crude metal to the desired forms, be heard; j
nor let the decent school-housc be forgotten, and !
first, and above all, let the tall church spire ascend j
—pointing to heaven. In a word, let domestic I
industry and the manufacturing arts be encour-
aged and sustained, so that agriculture may find
its surest market at home, and be relieved of the
foreign dependence and fluctuations to which it is
now subjected.
Thus the producers and the consumers of agri-
cultural products will be brought together. The
producers of the raw material, and the manufac-
turer who fashions it into a thousand forms, for
use or ornament, will be placed side by side. So
Jefferson, with all his original prejudices, at last
advised. Washington and Hamilton and the
Adamses also favored this policy: so did Madi-
son and Monroe; and so did Lowndes and Cal-
houn, in 1816, both of them advocating and voting
for the tariff of that year, which was strongly
protective in all of its features. Even General
Jackson, with all his wild notions about credit
and commerce, was still too practical a statesman
not to see and acknowledge that all such manu-
factures as are necessary to make a nation inde-
pendent of foreign supplies in time of war ought
to be encouraged. In fact, all those who in their
day have rendered their names illustrious in the
annals of this country, by their civil or military
services, have, at some period of their lives, fa-
vored this policy. The illustrious names of Clay
and Websterwill occur toevery one,withoutany
mention from me, us champions of this great
American policy.
But, sir, I cannot pursue this subject—I cannot
do more than break the shell of it—according to
my conception of its magnitude. I will only con-
sume a few moments more in adverting to some
of the more prominent objections urged against
the protective policy, by the advocates of free-
trade, and such as have been addressed rather to
the ignorance and prejudice of the people than to
their enlightened and impartial judgment. It is
said that it is a system of robbery and plunder;
taking money out of the pockets of one class of
the people and putting it into those of another
class; oppressing the laboring poor, for the benefit
of the rich capitalist—in other words, making the
rich richer and the poor poorer. I will answer
the robbery and oppression of the poor argument,
when I shall have ascertained how the fact is as
to the more plausible charge that the capitalist
alone is benefited by this policy. I should like
to hear what the average profits have been on cap-
ital heretofore invented in manufacturing enter-
prises, from such gentlemen as the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island, on the other side of
the Chamber, [Mr. Ali.en,] who has been long
and extensively engaged in the business, and who
is the political friend and associate of the leading
champions of free trade in the Senate, and from
his colleague, who sits on this side of the Cham-
ber, [Mr. Simmons,] who has also been exten-
sively engaged in manufacturing. What have
been the average profits of the capital invested in
manufacturing, even m its most prosperous peri-
ods, in cottons and woolens, and whatever other
manufacturing interests they have a knowledge
of? Have they ever exceeded, in any term of
years, say five or ten, an average of six percent.?
If the policy of the Government had been stable
and reliable for any longer period, it is quite likely
that from ten to twelve per cent, might have been
realized—not too great a profit on such invest-
ments, considering all the risks connected with
them.
I should like to hear from the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] whether his
investigations have not satisfied him that the aver-
age profits of manufacturing in this country have
never exceeded, for any number of successive
years, a reasonable rate of compensation, or such
as does not exceeed the ordinary rate of profit
derived from investments 111 trade or enterprises
of any other description. Sometimes, owing to
particular circumstances and contingencies, they
may have risen to twelve per cent., and m ex-
traordinary cases even fifteen or twenty percent.
When a broken-down establishment is bought
under tho hammer, the purchaser, getting the
property for, say, $20,000, which cost $100,000,
may well estimate his profits at thirty per cent.,
though, if he had bought at cost, lie might not
have realized more than six per cent.; but, upon
an average, I suppose that the profits of manufac-
turing in this country have never exceeded the
ordinary rate of profit in trade.
Mr. COLLAMER. If you deduct their losses,
they have not made anything.
Mr. BELL. Instead of being robbers and plun-
derers, the manufacturers have then,in fact, been
robbed and plundered by the Government by its
frequent changes of policy; but I shall not dwell
on that now. The question I should like the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia to answer me is,
whether, according to the laws which regulate
trade, business enterprises of all kinds, produc-
tion, and prices, it is possible that the capital in-
vested in any one industrial employment would
ever bring more, in any long term of years, tiian
a fair average amount of profit, when compared
with investments in other employments; and for
the reason that whenever the profits in any busi-
ness rise above that rate, other capitalists embai k
in similar enterprises, until the profits are brought
down to the ordinary standard ? English capital
would find its way quickly to this country, if any
rate of profit exceeding ten per cent., or even less
than that rate, could be looked to with dfhy assur-
ance that it would be permanent. To be sure,
capital invested in slaves and the rich lands of the
Southwest, is supposed to yield a greater rate of
profit than I have stated; but then it is subject to
great contingencies, great chances. For a few
years the seasons are favorable, the yield of cot-
ton large, the prices high; but with the rise of
the price of cotton, the prices of slaves and lands
rise, and then come years of overflow, droughts,
destruction by insects, epidemics,low prices, and
declining values; so that, taking it as a whole, I
do not consider the profits of planting above the
ordinary standard of profits on investments in
other industrial pursuits. I care not what em-
ployments you adduce to show the contrary.
They all find the level of the average profits of
business, unless, indeed, it be capital invested in
other agricultural pursuits, the products of which
often find no paying market. It is the certainty
with which the cotton planter can cash his pro-
ducts, at a remunerative price, that gives it the
advantage over other agricultural pursuits.
If the views I have presented on the question
as to what has been the average profit on capital
invested in manufacturing be welt founded, tnere
can be no truth in the charge that the effect of the
protective policy is to benefit the rich, the cap-
italist, at the expense of the consumer.
It is said that the effect of a protective duty on
foreign goods is always to raise the price of them.
That is, indeed, the natural tendency, and for a
short time such may be the effect; but it is, and has
been, the invariable result in the end that where
the article protected is one which can be success-
fully manufactured in this country, we having the
raw material and the ^competent skill, to reduce
prices. That was the case, we all know, in re-
gard to cotton goods after the tariff of 1828. I
know, from personal experience, that the price of
charcoal-refined iron manufactured in the South-
west fell two cents on the pound the year follow-
ing the tariff act of 1842. This is the natural re-
sult of the home competition; but the competition
of the foreign article, in most cases, cooperates
with that between the home producers in bring-
ing about this reduction. The protective duty
may be so high as to injure the nome manufac-
turer; it may be so high as to stimulate invest-
ments of capital to an extent which will lead to
over-production of the protected article; and it was
for this reason that some of the most judicious
friends of the protective policy in Congress voted
against the act of 1828, and, among others, the
late John Davis, of Massachusetts.
But the objection to the protective policy is still
urged, that the price of the protected article is
always increased by the amount of duty imposed
on the foreign ai tide, and that the consumer pays
it, and hence a duty imposed for protection is
denounced as a tax upon the consumer. This is
the objection I have just answered, brought for-
ward in a different form. Experience has amply
shown, that even for the short period of the in-
creased price which sometimes follows the laying
on of a protective duty, the foreign producer pays,
or rather loses, a portion of the duty. It is not
the amount of the duty that regulates the price of
the protected article, so much as it is the relation
between the supply and the demand. If the sup-
ply exceeds the demand, the price falls; and in
case the excess of supply over the demand bo
great, the price of the article will often fall below
the costof production. It is clear from this, that
as a general rule, as long as the duty is not pro-
hibitory in its character, the amount of the duty
will have very little to do with the price of the
article when it reaches the consumer.
The theory of the late Mr. McDuffie was, that
the exporter of the domestic product, cotton for
example, paid the whole amount of the duty im-
posed on the merchandise received in exchange
for it in the foreign market. He contended that
n. planter who shipped a hundred bales of cotton
to Liverpool, which were there sold, and the pro-
ceeds invested in merchandise which had to pay
a duty of forty per cent, when imported into the
United States, lost forty bales of his cotton—
robbed of it by the protective policy of his conn-
