540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
35xh" Cong.... 1st Sess.
Increase of the Navy—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
try. This theory was long prevalentin the South,
but it wa^too absurd to be held by any but the
most jaundiced and intemperate partisans of a
local interest. But another doctrine, almost if
not quite as preposterous, now prevails to some
extent in the South; and 1 am sorry to say that
an American Secretary of the Treasury has com-
mitted himself to it before the world in his finan-
cial report at the opening of the session. Our
accomplished minister of finance has discovered
that we cannot expect foreign nations to buy our
cotton, rice, breadstuff's, and tobacco, unless we
continue to take their productions in return; but
he does not appear to have learned that the larger
and more diversified the products of internal trade
and industry of any nation, the greater will be
the amount and value of its foreign trade. Nor
does he appear to have given any thought to the
consideration that if the people of the United
Slates, by a favorable change in their policy,
should, in a few years, by their own machinery
and skill, manufacture one half or two thirds the
quantity of the $130,000,000 worth of the cotton,
woolen, silken, and linen fabrics, and their com-
pounds, and of iron and iron manufactures, now
imported from foreign countries, one consequence
would be that more of our cotton, rice, bread-
stuffs, and tobacco would be consumed at home,
and a less proportion of them dependent on a for-
eign market; and that another and equally im-
portant consequence would be that the people of
this country would import a far greater quantity
of foreign products adapted to their wants and
tastes than they do ndw, and that at the same
time the flow of the precious metals would be re-
versed, and thus enable us, if we would, to im-
part to our currency a universal credit and a uni-
form value.
The cotton of the South is a great interest—the
most important product, by fur, of this or any
other country, and no wise or patriotic statesman
in this country will favor a policy which tends to
impair its value. But it is most unfortunate, I
think, that its public guardians are so sensitive to
every movement connected with it, in any form
or degree. The proposition to remedy the frauds
on the revenue, arising chiefly from the mode of
collecting duties on tlie foreign value of the im-
ported merchandise, and to give to domestic man-
ufactures the degiee of protection intended by the
act of 1846, is ro sooner made than it is denounced
as a blow aimed at the South.
In 185G Great Rritain imported, in round num-
bers, seven hundred and eighty million pounds
of cotton from the United States, for which the
planters were paid $74,000,000. This amount of
American raw cotton, except a small portion ex-
ported to the continent, was by British skill and
industry converted into fabrics of various kinds
and qualities of the value of {>302,000,000, the
one half of which, it is estimated, was consumed
at home, and the other half exported to foreign
countries. Of the $30,000,000 of cotton goods
imported into the United States in 1856, it may
be assumed that $25,000,000 were of British man-
ufacture, representing only one twelfth part of
the raw cotton exported to Great Britain in that
year. Yet many of the representatives of south-
ern interests think it of vital importance to keep
up this sort of interchange of commodities, so
discreditable to the policy of this country. Great
Britain already receives one fifth of her supplies
of raw cotton from countries other than the Uni-
ted States, and every tcira incognita of the globe
is being explored to find some cotton-growing
regionto rival that of the United States. India,
the native land of the cotton-plant, is being pen-
etrated by railways with the same object; and all
know how galling it is to British pride to be de-
pendent upon this or any other couutry for any
part of her essential supplies. Yet the cotton-
growers take no interest in building up a home
market for their great product; and still regard
with jealousy and suspicion every proposed
change of our commercial policy looking to that,
among other objects—fearing some injury to
southern interests, orsome advantage to the North
at the expense of the South.
I wish, sir, it were so, that upon such questions
we could know no North, n o South, but only our
whole country.
INCREASE OP THE NAVY.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY WILSON,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
In the Senate, June 7, 1858.
[written out by himself.*]
The amendment offered by Mr. Mallory, to make an
appropriation for ten steam sloops-of-war, being under con-
sideration—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. President: This proposition to increase
the naval force of the Republic by the addition of
ten sloops-of-war is a measure, not of war, but
of peace. In December last, when not a speck of
war darkened the horizon, the Secretary of the
Navy, with the sanction of the President, asked
Congress to increase the naval power of the coun-
try by the addition of ten small sloops-of-war. In
,response to the demands of the Executive, the
Committee on Naval Affairs have reported the
proposition now pending, to build ten war sloops.
This is therefore a measure of peace, not of war,
and 1 give it my vote as a measure of peace, not
of war. The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] himself a member of ilw Naval Committee,
proposed to amend the proposition, by building
five sloops, and by fitting for service the steamer
Franklin. I have followed the lead of the Sen-
ator, who is ever watchful of the appropriations
for the naval and military service, and given my
vote for his amendment. But that amendment
has failed to receive the sanction of the Senate,
and I am now summoned to give a yea or nay
vote upon the proposition to build ten sloops-of-
war. I shall vote, Mr. President, for this increase
of the naval force of the country, although 1 do
so now with some little reluctance, in the present
condition of the Treasury.
Our commercial marine equals, if it does not
surpass in tonnage, the commercial marine of
England. Freighted with the precious cargoes of
a lawful commerce, our merchant ships are float-
ing upon the waves of every sea in every quarter
of the globe. The interests and honor of the
country alike demand that we should give our
lawful commerce, in every clime and on every sea,
the protection of our own cannon. Believing that
we ought to increase our naval force by annually
building a few ships, adapted to the actual wants
of our country, I am prepared to sustain the prop-
osition of the committee to build ten sloops-of-
war.
But the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Cungman,] filled with apprehension and alarm,
or with patriotic indignation, at the action of the
naval forces of England in the waters of the south-
ern Gulf, proposes to increase the naval power of
the country by building twenty gun-boats. The
Senator has, 1 am sure, astonished the Senate by
his speech in support of his proposition as a war
measure. The Senator's proposition to build
twenty little gun-boats is, he tells us, a war meas-
ure ! A war measure ! A proposition to build
twenty little cock-boats, hardly large enough to
venture out of the waters within the headlands of
our own coasts, a war measure! This absolutely
insignificant proposition is made and supported in
the Senate of the United States as a war measure!
The Senator from North Carolina will pardon me
for saying that his proposition and his speech will
tend to excite emotions of ridicule and contempt to-
wards us abroad. Sir, wherever this proposition
shall go, wherever his speech in support of it shall
be read, they will bring upon the country the smile
of derision for our folly and con tempt for our weak-
ness. The commanders of the war ships of Eng-
land—the great naval Power of the world—com-
mit belligerent acts upon our merchant ships almost
within cannon shot of our own shores, and a prop-
osition is seriously made, and gravely supported
in the Senate of the United States, to meet these
acts of aggression by the first naval Power of the
globe, by building twenty little gun-boats! If
Senators wish to resort to war measures; if they
wish now to meet the acts of Great Britain by
preparations for the stern conflict of arms, let them
make propositions for the increase of our naval
* For the oiigitial report, see page 2743 Cong. Globe.
force on a scale worthy of ourselves and of our
great antagonist. Let not Senators resort to a
proposition so utterly inadequate, so insignificant,
so absolutely contemptible, as this twenty-gun-
boat scheme—this twenty-gun-boat war measure!
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will'the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Most certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood the Senator to
be in favor of taking and bringing into our ports
vessels which have offended against us. Does he
believe we have force enough to do that now ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly I do. I believe we
have force to bring into our ports, or to send to
the bottom of the ocean, the little war ships that
have committed these hostile, and I believe unau-
thorized acts.
The honorable chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee tells us, Mr. President, that these sloops are
admirably adapted to the work of cruising for
ships engaged in the slave traffic. If these war
sloops are adapted to the work of enforcing our
treaty obligations, if they are adapted to the work
of vindicating the honor of the country, now
tarnished, by putting down piracy, which seeks
shelter under the folds of the American flag, let
us hasten to build them; let us man them, and
send them to the shores of Africa, to the waters
of the southern Gulf, to the seas where our flag
is now prostituted to cover an accursed and in-
human traffic in the bodies of our fellow-men.
Mr. Webster said in his speech in this Chamber,
fifteen years ago, in vindication of the treaty of
Washington, in which his name is forever asso-
ciated, that " the immunity of flags is, with the
French people, a deep principle, a sentiment, a
passion."
Sir, I trust we are as passionately devoted to
the honor of the stars and stripes, as the people
of France ever were to the immunity of the flag
of the lilies or the flag of the tri-color. 1 trust
we are ready to vindicate the honor of the flag of
the Republic, whether it be assailed by the ag-
gressive policy of England, or prostituted by
pirates in pursuitofaproscribed and hateful traffic.
My vote will be given now for these sloops, to
redeem the now prostituted and dishonored flag
of the nation from the deep stain of covering the
damning crime of the slave trade. Deeply as I
feel the acts of the commanders of the war ships
of Great Britain in the waters of the Gulf, I con-
fess I feel_ more keenly the prostitution of our flag
by men engaged in the polluted and loathsome
traffic in the bodies of the children of Africa. I
tell Senators that until we exert our power to fulfill
our treaty stipulations, until we exert our power
to prevent and punish the prostitution of our flag
by men engaged in the slave trade, our very sen-
sitiveness at the aggressive acts of the command-
ers of the English war ships, will bring not honor,
but dishonor, upon us before the Christian and
civilized world. If wc allow our flag to be pros-
tituted with impunity by pirates to cover a traffic
abhorred by mankind, "the world will regard our
efforts to vindicate the immunity of our flag upon
the high seas as evidences of oursympathy with,
if not our complicity with, the men engaged in the
crime of the slave trade. Vote I shall to-day, to
build these sloops-of-war, to fulfill our obliga-
tions, to redeem our tarnished name, and to cause
our flag to be hereafter saved from dishonor.
When the moans are granted to build ships
adapted to the work, I shall hold the Administra-
tion responsible; I shall demand, and I trust the
country will demand, that the sincerity of the na-
tion shall be vindicated; that we shall no longer
be reproached by the world with allowing our flag
to cover the traffic in the bodies of our fellow-men.
1 go as far as he who goes furthest, in maintain-
ing the immunity of our flag, in denying to any
Power on earth the right to molest, stop, visit, or
search our ships, upon the highway of nations;
but I cannot but feel shame and mortification when
I hear, in response to our complaints, that our flag
is the chosen flag under which pirates cover their
cargoes of human beings, torn by their accursed
traffic from their native Africa, to wear out their
lives in perpetual bondage. Surely it is fit that
while we say to England that we will not allow
her cruisers, either on the shores of Africa, or m
the waters of the southern Gulf, to visitor search
