402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Belain Posey, in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Michigan, praying that a donation of land
may be made for the use of the Michigan Agri-
cultural College; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a resolution of the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, recom-
mending that a suitable steam cutter be stationed
at the mouth of the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying for
an appropriation of money or lands to aid in the
support of the public schools in the District; which
was referred to the Committee on the Distx*ict of
Columbia.
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of A. M.
Winn, praying for the payment of expenses in-
curred in relieving the sick, and in burying the
dead in California, some of whom were emigrants
from every State in the Union; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the trustees of
the Odd Fellows'and Masonic hospital, at Sacra-
mento City, California, praying for the payment
of the amount expended in relieving the sick in
California; which was referred to the Committee
on Clai 111s.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying that the public lands
may be laid out in farms or lots, and granted free
of cost to actual settlers not possessed of other
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of E.
P. Smith, of iho firm of Smith, Perkins & Co.,
of Rochester, New York, praying that a penalty
paid by that firm for forfeiture of a debenture
bond, may bo refunded; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLLAiMER presented the petition of
Anna Addison, widow of William II. Addison,
a captain of Sea Fencibles, praying that her pen-
sion may be continued; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. 1VERSON presented the petition of Isaac
W. Brown, representing that ho has invented a
new and useful fire-aim, which invention, as he
alleges, is used in the United States service, and
pruying for an investigation thereof; which was
referred (o the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. I present a memorial
from the General Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama, for the erection of an arsenal of construc-
tion in the coal region of that State. The me-
morial sets forth that there are inexhaustible fields
of bituminous coal in that State, which has been
proved, by actual experiment, to be equal to any
in the United Stales, for fuel, the generating of
steam, the manufacture of iron, and. for other pur-
poses. In the same region are found inexhaust-
ible quantifies of lime rock and iron ore which is
unsurpassed for its yield and the fineness of the
iron produced from it. That region of country is
one of the most healthy of the State of Alabama,
and it is in the midst of a virgin forest, through
which there has recently been constructed a rail-
road, by which the lime, the iron, and the coal
which are found there aie brought within, per-
haps, four hours' run of the Alabama river, and
within, perhaps, eighteen or twenty hours' run of
the bay of Mohjlo and the Gulf of Mexico. The
memoHo! represents, also, that the whole Gulf
coast, and all the Gulf States, have heretofore
been deprived of the benefits of an institution of
this kind, the nearest being that at Springfield.
They ask for an arsenal now with the more con-
fidence, because there is in process of construc-
tion what is called the Northwestern and South-
eastern road, connecting witli the railroads to the
West, and there will soon be in process of con-
struction a railroad from Pensacola to Montgom-
ery,and one from thence to that rich mineral coun-
try,through which facilities of transit will thus be
supplied. The General Assembly has elaborated
all these facts in this memorial, and they ask Con-
gress at least to order an examination or survey
ot that country preparatory to the establishment ;
of an arsenal of construction. I beg leave to sub- i
mit this memorial, and move that it'be referred to i
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Nancy King, 011 the files of
the Senate, be refeircd to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition* of J. Hosford Smith, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Reiauons.
On motion of Mr. BRODERICK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. S. Wiight.on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John T. Wiight, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
106) for the relief of Elijah F. Smith, Gilman H.
Peikins, and Charles F. Smith; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Mrs. Jane TurnbuII; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also submitted a paper on the subject; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
Ill) to alter the times of holding the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the district
of Vermont; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
STATISTICS OP MINES AND MANUFACTURES.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution ( S. No. 16 ) in relation to the statistics of
of mines and manufactures of the United States;
which was read twice bv its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What reference of
the resolution does the Senator propose?
Mr. BIGLER. I ask that the Senate proceed to
consider it now.
Mr. STUART. That resolution had better be
referred to some committee. I move to refer it to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BIGLER. It does not relate to foreign af-
fairs; it treats of domestic subjects.
Mr. MASON. It should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BIGLER. If Senators will permit me, I
will make a very brief explanation of the purpose
of the resolution. It does not involve a dollar of
expenditure. When the last census was taken,
the statistics of mines and manufactures weie
taken under the law, and they are now m the
Department of State, scattered in loose sheets.
This resolution simply directs the Secretary of
State to cause the digest to be completed, and
these statistics to be included. He says it can be
done without any additional clerkships, for the
force in the Department is sufficient. It is only
intended to give lnm authority to put the papers j
in proper order for reference and use hereafter. 1
This is the census up to the close of the middle of
this century; and it seems to me that it is a very
important matter to have these papers in conve-
nient form, but the Secretary has no power now to
do the work. The resolution involves no expend-
iture, and no question of printing.
Mr. GWIN. 1 suppose the resolution goes over
under the rule.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no objection to its refer-
ence to any committee.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BIGLER. Very well; I move its reference
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported from the
Court of Claims on the 27th of June, 1856, for the
relief of Moses Noble, with the opinion of the
court on the claim, reported the bill'(S No. 109)
for the relief of Moses Noble, without amendment;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. PQLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Ephraim Hunt,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
107) for the relief of Ephraim Hunt. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill from the Court of Claims, re-
ported on the 2d of February, 1857, for the relief
of O.H. Berryman, with the opinion of the court
on the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 108) with-
out amendTment, and submitted an adverse report
on the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Gsetano Carusi, submitted a report,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved. That the case of the heirs and representatives of
Gartano Carusi, now pending before the Senate, be referred
to the Court of Claims.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 53)
for the relief of John McVey, reported it without
amendment; and submitted an adverse report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 76) to incorporate Gonzaga college, in the
city of Washington and District of Columbia, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the biM (S. No. 97) to incorporate the
Benevolent Christian Association of Washington
city, reported it without amendment.
PAY OF PENSION AGENTS,
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the necessity of increasing the compensation
now allowed by law to pension agents.
Mr. SLIDELL also submitted a paper on the
subject of the resolution; which was preferred t,o
the Committee on Pensions.
COST OF LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasmy be directed
to communicate to the Senate the annual expense of erect-
ing light-houses and supporting the light-house system, since
the creation of theLight-IIousu Board ; and also the expense
for the same number of years piecedmg the establishment
of said board.
HOUSE BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that it had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 63) to supply an omis-
sion in the enrollment of a certain act therein men-
tioned.
Thu bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
increase the military establishment of the United
Slates, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Toombs to strike out the first section.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, not being
prepared to support this bill, I think it proper to
offer a very few remarks on the subject this morn-
ing. I believe it is a piinciple in ourGovernment
not to encourage the raising and maintenance of
large standing armies in time of peace. This prin-
ciple should not be departed from. The dispo-
sition of the present military force of the country
is doubtless correct; and if I could perceive any
advantage to result to the country from the adop-
tion of this proposition, or if the presentexigency
was such as to require an additional force, I should
with much cheerfulness render my support to the
measure. I trust, sir, that this subject is pre-
sented in such a way thatopposition to it will not
be construed into opposition to the Administra-
tion or the general measures of the Government;
but that, viewed upon principle, the right of every
member of this body to form his conclusions in
relation to its policy will be accorded to those
who may be opposed to it. I have every dispo-
sition to render an earnest and cordial support to
the Executive in those measures he may propose,
