1858.
MJS CONGRESSIONAL" GLG&E.
ms
ordered before we adjourn; that we shall then take
the vote to-morrow at twelve o'clock, but that no
other business shall be done to-night.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. As one mercjberof
that committee, I cannot consent to the proposi-
tion of the sentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Before the
proposition of my colleague [Mr. Burnett] is
acceded to, I wish to make a single suggestion.
If it is the intention, by this arrangement, to cut
off all propositions to amend, I shall object. I
think the resolutions of the committee ought to
be modified or amended, and I cannot consent to
any arrangement which will prevent amendments
from being offered.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection myself
to any amendment whatever being offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that only one amendment can now be offered.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the gen- |
tleman from Kentucky if there is any reason why, '
if the vote is not to be taken until some time to-
morrow, the discussion shall not go on until the
time agreed on ?
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection at all
to that; I have no feeling in the matter.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] objected to the adop- j
tion of the proposition of the gentleman from |
Kentucky, unless debate is to be closed to-night. I
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentlemen from ,
Illinois will not insist upon his objection. I think !
it is unreasonable to ask us to vote upon this mass j
of testimony with only three or four hours' dis- j
cussion. I would propose that the time for tak- I
ing the vote be postponed till two o'clock to-mor-
row, and that in the mean tmie the debate go on.
Mr. BURNETT. I will make this proposition
to the House: that we take the vote to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, with the understanding that
this debate is continued up to that time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I cannot consent
to that arrangement: and I will state my reasons
why. Another special committee was raised to
examine into the puichase of the Willett's Point
property. I understand that the report of that
committee will be made to-morrow morning. I
understand, too, that these two transactions, of
Port Snelling and the Willett's Point property,
are somewhat connected together. The same
parties, it appear, who purchased Fort Snelling,
a few days before had sold to the Government
the Willett's Point property.
Mr. DAWES. Does this come out of my time?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say fur- !
ther that I want to have the privilege of seeing 1
that report before I cast my vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
hardly in order to discuss a report not yet sub- ,
mitted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am a member of that
Willett's Point committee; and if the gentleman
knows that the report will be submitted to-mor- '
row, he knows more than I do.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I was so informed
by the chairman of that committee. j
Mr. DAWES. I only yield if I can have my
time afterwards. .
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. :
Several Members objected.
Mr. GROW. Has there been any arrangement
in reference to the time when the vote shall be
taken? .
The SPEAKER. There is none, objection
having been made. . .
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I give notice,
that to-morrow, or to-ni^ht, when the discussion
is closed, I will call for the previous question.
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 ask tno gentle-
man from Massachusetts to give way to me for a
moment, that I may present a report from the
Committee of Elections, in order that it may be
ordered to be printed. It will only take a mo-
ment, and it will save a day m acting on the
qUMr°DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it is very evident
that i cannot have my allotted time while this
discussion goes on, and therefore am con-
buained to claim the floor I was about saving,
when I was interrupted, that having reat. the le-
ooi-ts and the evidence in this case, and being
called upon to take my share of responsibility in
the vote we shall take on this matter, I have
made haste to get the floor, to offer, at this time,
what little I may desire to say, that the debate
upon this important question might close with
the views of abler and more experienced gentle-
men who might participate in the diseussion.
Mr. Speaker, I have read those Reports, and am
prepared to vote for the resolution submitted by
the majority of that committee. In coming to this
conclusion, I do not affcct an-absence of party
bias. I am conscious, perhaps, of as much party
bias in the consideration of subjects here, as any
member upon this floor; but I trust that in weigh-
ing a question of this kind, I have honesty enough
toehold the scales of justice even, and to give the
evidence submitted, and the circumstances which
hang around this case, all the weight they ought
to have. In the discussion of a question whether
fraud may exist in a transaction of this nature, it
ought not to be so much whether it may be found
on one side or the other, as whether, when found,
it shall be so concealed and defended. It is the
concealment or the defense of fraud that justly
brings odium upon any party. When fraud or
corruption shall come to be a party question;
when one side or the other shall attempt to cover
up the tracks of the guilty in its ranks, then it is
that odium commences to attach itself, and that
party only suffers that undertakes to conceal, or
omits to lay bare and probe the sore. That there
may be on the one side and the other, accusations
made without foundation, I doubt not; but it is
only when we fail to weigh, as a judicial tribunal,
all evidence of fraud or corruption that shall be
brought to our notice—it is only when we feci
called upon by party ties and party restraints to
cover up and palliate a wrong, that we are bring-
ing down upon ourselves, as a party, that odium
which will weigh us to the ground. ;
Sir, I believe that the sale of Fort Snelling, in
the manner, for the piice, to the person, and at i
the time it was sold, was the consummation of a :
scheme laid in the past Administration, and car- ,
ried out in the present one, before the eyes of the |
Secretary of War, in such a manner that blind- 1
ness to it is the gravest official fault. I have not
dertaken, in the evidence that is presented, to
not be ta'ken away by- some other person, and
applied to his own use.' He says himself, and
that is the testimony of the other .-witnesses,
that he had calculated from the lyegifi mg"tft-be-
come the owner of-that property. More-than a
year before, he tried to purchase it, and made a
written offer to the Government for it, at fifteen
dollars an acre, cash down but the then Secre-
tary of War was against the sale. A year passed
over. That Administration went out of power
audanewonecamein. With it, came in aprovis-
ion of law—inserted by the direct influence of the
very man who carried hi#first proposition to Sec-
retary Davis to purchase—authorizing the sale.
On the 7th of April, afterwards, this same man
made a new application, for Mr. Steele, to the
new Secretary of War, for the purchase of this
property. That application was referred to Gen-
eral Jesup, and came back with an unfavorable
report. These facts were known to the Secretary
of War; and yet, in a short time, a man is sent
out there to survey that property, preparatory to
its sale. Mr. Steele is residing there. Nobody
else is there. He sits by quietly, without any
apprehension as to any other person becoming the
purchaser of the property. He occasionally re-
marks to the surveyor that " it might be better to
sell this at private sale. It would be dangerous
to tiust it at auction." Beyond that, not a word
was said. He was the only mortal man who knew
that Major Eastman was there surveying the prop-
erty for the purpose of its sale, and he was at
perfect ease as to the person who was ultimately
to be the purchaser. Would any man, having
$30,000 involved, who had not, from some source
or other, ascertained that, in the fullness of time,
he would be permitted to purchase on his own
terms, have sat down so quietly as did Mr. Steele ?
It is pietended that there had been no communi-
cation between him and the Government as to
what this all meant. No question had been, for-
sooth, put by him to mortal man as to whether
the Government contemplated driving him from
his home, or exposing him to the chances of a
sale to some other person who would drive with
him such a bargain as he pleased, or none at all,
as might best suit his cupidity. Sir, his acts from
the beginning, all through, are open to but one
search after the direct testimony of anybody that j, — ~~B -a, - ... . _ ,
these men who engaged m this scheme proclaimed jj construction, and tell but the one story. No othei
their coimcctiu n with it from the housetops. My story is consistent with the action and course of
little observation of the world has taught me that, !} that man. tie knew, befoie Major Lastman
when men do thus undertake such a scheme as h reached Fort Snelling, who was to be itsi pur-
this, they never proclaim it to the world; and until . chaser, and what forms were to bt gone throug
someone of them turns State's evidence—the big- with before the sale was to be consummated, an
est rascal of them all, usually—it is only then that i his knowledge did not mislead or fail him.
vou find from the lips of any of them a confession n This mail had been there a sufficient length of
y? -j ' ' I tjme surveying, but before ho iiad ascertained
° But sir there are circumstances overand above !] how many acres there were there to sell, before
the testm-iony of the witnesses which carry eon- ;l he had uttered to mortal man Ins purpose of sur-
viction to my mind, and constrain me to believe j| veymg it, except to this Air. S eele t!here^jons
i .•  c .i,„ ~ 11 him a new commission''}*, IVir. rloibkeil, who is
that the resolutions of the majority of the com
mittee are sustained by the facts which existed
in the case. What aie the circumstances of the
case? This Fort Snelling reservation is a large
tract of country, situated at (he confluence of the
Mississippi and Minnesota rivers. The cjuati- .
tity of land has never been made certain. It is
variously estimated, even at this late day of the in-
vestigation, at five thousand, six thousand, seven
thousand five hundred, eight thousand, and eleven
thousand acres. The Lord knows best how much
there is in it. It is the most beautiful tiact of
country, I am told, that there is on the face of the
earth. On this territory was situated the dwell-
ing and the property of one man, and only one,
besides the property of the Government. Mr.
Steele had built his house and had erected prop-
erty on the soil of the Government, without any
right, as he confesses, to the amount of $30,000,
according to the report of the commissioners. He
had lived there twenty years, and had made an
immense fortune while living theie. Seven chil-
dren had been born to him there. There he had
settled down to live. This was the position of
Mr. Steele. He had in his eye ail along, he tes-
tifies, the lime when ihe land should be brought
into market, and that he himself would secure it.
It was geneially understood all about there, that
he was celcu'atinir, by seme means or other, to
become ihe pes-.es-'f.r and owner of this soil.
Otn-rwise, all his propel ty was none. lie had no
hold, ill law, on Ins improvements. Unless he
became the possessor and owner of this soil, he
had no security that all his investment there would
authorized, jointly with him, to sell this property.
! Now, Mr Speaker, I should like to know how
: ;I)is ls to be construed as an ordinary business
| transaction ' Not an anxious look, not an anx-
| ions inquiry, followed the announcement oi the
' object of this commission Indeed, no announce-
ment at all of that object, was made, save m the
ear of Mr. Steele. No step was taken by him
that would indicate the least anxiety on his part
as to the roison why, or the person to whom, this
propel ty was to be sold. Pile next diy afici
Hei-keil came there he came to Mr. Steele with
\ an oiler to sell to him. There was no mamfesta-
■ tion of surprise on his pait. It. was m accoid-
anee well his belief. It was in aecotdance with
his undeistanding. For, if he had not that un-
derstanding, there was no reason in his conduct
and in his management of his atiaiis. it was the
fulfillment of promise or pinphecy. .
, . Now, sir, in corroboration of tins is the waole
1 course of conduct on the part. )fiheeommissioners
'■ themselves. Major Eastman, who first went out
i there as a surveyor, preparatory, as he says, to
the sale, understood, when he went there, that he
was to survey that property, and ascertain how
much there was of it, and get it m leaumess tor
the sale when the man should come tneie svno
- was authorized to sell it; and y< t, sir, be kept that
5 fact a secret. He went out -here wuhout the
1 - -!  the. duty for
itistru-
ts to dwlini
necessaiy implements -
which he was sent. He had to borrow hie
ments he needed from an ofneer of the Army who
was upon the spot, but he kept secret from him
