542
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
American Piracy—Mr. Giddings
Ho. op Reps
employed in that work every convenient aid and
facility; and had a suspected ship bearing the Brit-
ish flag refused to make her true character known,
her commander would have justly incurred the
odium of aiding and encouraging piracy; or had
the British Government denied our right to ascer-
tain the character of suspected ships bearing the
flag of that nation, we should have charged them
with sympathizing with the pirates.
In these remarks I h$ve described not merely
our practice on that occasion, but on every occa-
sion. I have described, not merely the' practice
of our own Government, but that of every civil-
ized nation. From the 4th of July, 1776, to this
day, our practice, and the practice of Christian
Governments, has been uniform, when operating
against pirates, excepting that class, more tech-
nically called "American pirates," who, under
the flag of the United States, are engaged in the
African slave trade. These were formerly treat-
ed differently. They were not regarded as at war
with mankind. They bore the flags of various
nations, and pursued their nefarious vocations un-
molested. But as Christianity extended, and its
principles were better understood, this traffic in
human flesh was seen to be a revolting crime, and
most Christian nations pronounced it piracy, and
treated those who pursued it as " outlaws," wor-
th vof death.
Participating in this general view, the United
States .by express statute, prepared with great
labor, examined and deliberated upon with great
solemnity, and passed by the Senate and by this
House, 1 think without a dissenting voice, pro-
nounced the African stave trade to be piracy, and
those who followed that vocation to be pirates,
worthy of death, The act was duly approved by
the Executive, published and announced to the
civilized world.
At this point of my remarks, I lay down an-
other proposition which, I think, will not be
doubted or denied: By this important step, ive
 s a nation became obligated, bound injustice and
propriety, to treat those engaged in the African
slave trade as pirates. That, aa a Government,
we are bound to aid and assist in eradicating this
piracy from the earth. That it is the duty of our
statesman and citizens to lend all convenient as-
sistance to tho ships of Britain and of all other
nations engaged in suppressing this piracy. That
it is the obvious duty of the commander, officers,
and crew, of every suspected ship, whether it bear
American, French, Spanish, British, or Russian
colors, cheerfully to give satisfactory evidence of
her nationality, when called on for that purpose
by ships actually engaged in the humane work of
suppressing this traffic in slaves. If any officer
refuso to give such information, the refusal con-
stitutes evidence of guilt. In short, I lay down
the comprehensive proposition, that so far as this
Government is concerned, so far as our statesmen,
our people, our merchants, our ship-owners, the
commanders and crews of our merchant vessels,
are concerned, we hold the same relation to the
African slave trade which we hold to other pira-
cies—bound by all the duties incident to piracy
of any other character.
Now, sir, hkeall other propositions based upon
clear and obvious justice, I think these will not be
denied. No statesman will take issue upon any
one of them. They will deny none of them. The
only objection that can be raised against them is
that which our Ministers at London have repeated
a thousand times. They insist that British offi-
cers, in visiting our ships to ascertain their nation-
ality, may abuse their power. I grant it; and no
power was ever held by man, that was not liable
to abuse. They also urge that British officers have
committed wrongs upon our ships, when visiting
them for the avowed purpose of learning their
character, and I add that, m every such case, the
British Government is responsible, and has in every
instance promptly granted indemnity.
I do not believe that a single instance of such
abuse has occurred, at any recent period, in the
Gulf of Mexico. If any has taken- place, I have
no apprehension whatever that hostilities will fol-
low; for X am confident that the British Ministry
will, as in past times, explain, apologize, or in-
demnify those who shall be shown to have sus-
tained loss.
Here I might, with much apparent propriety,
leave the subject. But our Government is now
openly engaged in efforts to overthrow the doc-
trines I have laid down—doctrines which com-
mend themselves to the conscience and judgment
of all reflecting men and of all civilized nations.
The absurd position now occuppied by this Gov-
ernment, in regard to the slave trade, has been
reached by slow degrees. We have taken one
step after another in this downward course, until
we now stand before the nations of the earth in
the attitude of supporting this piracy. Historic
facts will place this whole matter in a more con-
spicuous light than argument or refined logic.
Long before our Revolution, the people of these
colonies complained to the parent Government of
the existence of the slave trade as a grievance. In
the Congress of 1774, the members formed an as-
sociation for the purpose of discouraging the slave
trade; and the author of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, in 1776, set forth in his draft of that
instrument, "that the British King had kept open
markets where men were bodght and sold," and
assigned this as one of the reasons why the colo-
nies should separate from the mother country.
In the convention which framed the Constitution,
language equally denunciatory of this traffic was
used, and Mr. Madison informs us that he him-
self declared, in convention, that it would be
wrong to admit in the Constitution that men can
hold property in their fellow-men.
Some of the States, however, felt desirous of
continuing the slave trade for a time; but so strong
was the sentiment of the people against that bar-
barous commerce, that it was deemed neccssary
to provide, by express stipulation, that Congress
should not prohibit it prior to the year 1808. Be-
fore that day arrived, Congress passed a law for
the total abolition of the African slave trade—the
act to take effect on the 1st day of January of that
year.
Unfortunately, by the same law, Congress pro-
vided that persons might carry slaves from one
port of the United States to another, under certain
regulations. This coastwise transportation of
slaves was then supposed necessary for families
who emigrated from one slave State to another,
for at that day no such commerce was known as
the inter-State slave trade. But this provision in
the act of 1807 has for many years been prosti-
tuted to the protection of an increasing commerce
in human flesh.
At the close of the war in 1814, both England
and the United States felt the inconsistency which
had characterized theiraction m the recent contest,
by authorizing their people to butcher each other
on the battle-field; and, having been regarded as
two leading nations in the Christian world, they
felt the propriety of abolishing this execrable com-
merce. Lord Gambier and his associates, acting
for Great Britain, were distinguished men, and
Albert Gallatin, John Q.uiticy Adams, Henry
Clay, James A. Bayard, and James Russell, Com-
missioners on the part of the United States, were
conscious of the odium which rested upon our
people by reason of their supporting this slave
trade. By mutual agreement, they inserted in the
treaty of Ghent the tenth article, which reads as
follows;
" Whereas the traffic in slaves is irreconcilable with the
principles of humanity and justice; and whereas both his
Majesiy and the United States are desirous of continuing
their efforts to promote its entire abolition, it is hereby
agreed that both contracting parties shall use their best en-
deavors to accomplish so desirable an object."
I desire the committee to mark the language
of this solemn treaty. The two Governments
mutually bound themselves to " use their best en-
deavors to entirely abolish the traffic in
slaves." Tins treaty stipulation had no more
reference to the Jlfrican than to the American slave
trade. Under British laws, there was a commerce
carried on between their West India Islands in
the bodies of men; and we had authorized a sim-
ilar commerce on the American coast, and the
sages who formed this treaty had no conception
that it was more criminal to buy and sell God's
image in Africa, than in America. They intend-
ed this solemn stipulation to apply to the cri7ne,
and not to the place of committing it. If any man
doubts this intention, I invite him to examine the
remarks of Mr. Adams, made on that subject in
this body, I think in 1842. Congress proceeded
to carry out this stipulation, g# far as the African
trade was concerned. It passed a law declaring
that commerce to be <£ piracyand we assumed
upon ourselves all the duties incident to that view
of it. But during forty-four years we have main-
tained the American slave trade, in violation of
that treaty, in violation of justice and of human-
ity. Neither the treaty, nor the laws declaring
the slave trade to be " piracy," changed or mod*
ified any principle or existing element in our
moral obligations; these had been established by
the law of nature and of nature's God; but our
treaty and acts of Congress constitute an ac-
knowledgment of the duties then resting upon
our nation, and mark our subsequent recreancy
to principle.
Having avowed these sentiments, our Govern-
ment appeared to rest satisfied, without even an
effort to abolish our coastwise traffic. That crimc
greatly increased, and produced large profits to
those engaged in it. It soon became popular with
slaveholders; and respectable men, who had
surplus slaves, sold them to those who dealt in
mankind, and they were transported to the barra-
coons of more southern cities, where open mar-
kets were keptfor buying and selling men. Slave-
holders then understood that every owner of
slaves was directly or remotely involved in the
moral guilt of the slave trade; that every purchas-
er of slaves encourages and sanctions their im-
portation. Every man who sells a slave thereby
encourages the slave trade; and no reflecting mind
can regard the coastwise slave trade less criminal
than that which is carried on upon the shores of
Africa. In truth, it was born of the African trade,
and in its effects it is more atrocious, as its
victims are more intelligent. IHs thus that the
African slave trade, the coastwise slave trade, the
inter-State slave trade, the holding of slaves, the
breeding nf slaves, the selling and buying of slaves,
are all connected and interwoven in one general
network of moral turpitude, constituting an ex-
crescence, a cancer, upon the body-politic of our
nation. The African slave trade constitutes the
germ, the root, from which our American slave
trade, and all the various relations of that institu-
tion in this country, have sprung. If the tree be
piracy, it is clear that its fruit can be nothing else
than piracy; and when the nation stamped that
commerce as piratical, it proclaimed the guilt of
every man who voluntarily connects himself with
slavery.
Men who aspired to moral, political, and so-
cial position, could not submit to this ostracism.
They were constrained to emancipate theirslaves,
or render slaveholding honorable. To effect this
latter object, the wheels of progress must be
stopped; religion, civilization, and Christianity,
must cease their onward march; slaves must be
disrobed of their humanity, and transformed into
chattels; and the Federal Government must be-
come a patron of the slave trade, instead of using
our best endeavors to " entirely abolish the traffic
in slavesand Congress was called on to sustain
and encourage it—to violate our plighted faith
before the nations of the earth.
In 1834, two slave ships, the Comet and Enco-
mium, one from Alexandria, and the other, I
believe, from Norfolk, Virginia, bound to New
Orleans, were shipwrecked upon British islands
in the Gulf. The slaves of course became free
by landing on British soil. They were suddenly
transformed from chattels into immortal beings,
destined to an eternity of happiness or misery.
The slave merchants returned to this city, cha-
grined and mortified. The people of the West
Indies looked upon these wretches with con-
tempt, our countrymen regarded them with hor-
ror, felt they were worthy of the gallows, rather
than Executive favor. But the President, him-
self a slaveholder, involved in all the moral turpi-
tude of these hucksterers in our common human-
ity, at once espoused their cause, and directed
our Minister at the Court of St. James to demand
compensation from the people of England for
permitting their African brethren thus to enjoy
their God-given prerogatives. A more arrogant
and insulting demand was never put forth by one
nation upon another. All understood that the
laws of England knew no distinction between
these masters and the slaves whom they claimed
as property. Neither the people, nor the officers
of the British Government, nor the King himself,
