4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
it is an elegant farce to see it done. Sometimes
they are so awkward that, really, they have to be
tied on the horses in order that they may not fall
off. After some experience in that way they are
untied, not knowing how to brace themselves, or
make taut the rein, or apply the spur, or handle
the sword ; and a stand is made of bais, for the
purpose of practicing leaping, and in jumping three
feet high on a horse. They either, in alighting,
go heels over head, or, at the first rising to leap, :
they go head over tail. [Laughter.] These are '
the men who constitute youreavalry! Theseare
the men that are to puisue Indians! These are
the men that are to take care of their horses! They
know nothing about it. On the frontier it requires
an accomplished equestrian, a man who is quali-
fied to take care of his animal; who understands
liis disposition, knows how to regard lam, and
continue his usefulness, or make him more use-
ful. These men do not know how to take care of
theirhorses, What is the consequence? Thecav-
airy stock of the United States must die off; a new
supply must be brought; fine animals purchased.
One of these men cannot hobble his horse, that he
may graze for food, or stake him out to the end
of his tether, where he may range and be re-
freshed m the morn mg. He has knowledge enough
to induce him to tie him up to a tree at night, that
he may be safe m the morning, and if he can lux-
uriate on the bark of the tiee, very good; if not,
he may starve. These aie the men whom you
enlist for cavalry; who know nothing about the
exercise or disposition of theanimal, orabouthis
duty. Such men have to learn everything. It is
a new existence to them. They enter on a new
theater. After having habituated himself to a dif-
ferent life, such a man is to be transformed into a
new animal himself.
This mode of producing an army will never do.
"Who are they generally that would enlist now?
Are they men of enterprise? Are they men of
activity? Can they render efficient service, or
will they be mere counters in the Army ? "Will
they count one, two, throe? They are that de-
scription of persons; and moreover, not intending
the slightest reflection on their mechanic arts,
or upon their origin, or upon the circumstances
which surround them, I would venture to say,
they are that description of men who are unqual-
ified for these pursuits, and are thrown out of
employment, or they arc men who have been
thrown on our shores from distantcountries, alien
in feelings to the United States, having no identity
with us, who are not naturalized, and who go into
the servicc as a resource; not from choice or mo-
tives of patriotism. These are the men that con-
stitute our reouhir Army, and doubtless one third
or one fourth of the men now in the service are
not men who are " to the manner born " Are we
to rely on these men for defensive purposes, or
for other useful purposes to the country ? No,
sir. We have a resource m our count] y to winch
wo can always have recourse.
There is another impediment to respectability
in the rank and file of the Army. To make the
rd.nk and file of the Army respectable, you must
hold out to a man some inducement beyond the
mere receiptof eight dollars a month, or whatever
the pay may be, clothes for the time being, and
rations. To a man of any pride of feeling, or ex-
pectation, or of hope, you must hold out some
inducement beyond the mere waste of human ex-
istence in the routine of military service. You
must say to the gallant non-comrmssioned officer
or p' ivate, to the man who m civil life would have
expeeituion, if he had not exchanged it for the
military profession: "Sir, upon your trial and
your conduct depends the circumstance of your
promotion to an office, an enshrncy, a lieutenancy,
or even u cadets-hip.'5 By doing that, you hold
out to him an inducement to enlist in the Army
of the United States. But when you limit a man
to the mere routine of a sold'er's duty, to what
he consideis n degradation, and reduce him below
the quality of men generally in society, and place
linn m a position wi; "re he is looked upon as a
different cIjss of being, you can never fill your
ranks with respectable men, whoj-'c hearts are
stimulated by high and holy motives of patriot-
ism. Pride ;3 as necessary to a soldier as arc his
rations to his physical existence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks for a moment. The hour of
one o'clock has arrived, which was assigned for
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. The
Chair, after a good deal of consideration and ref-
erence to the rules, has felt it to be hK duty to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that he
feels himself bound, when the hour arrives for
which a subject has been assigned as a special
order, to bringthe matter to the notice of the Sen-
ate. It will be for the Senate to say whether they
will proceed with ting question or take up the
special order.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Gwin] desires to take up the Pacific rail-
road bill, I wish now to send to the Chair an
amendment to this bill, as a substitute for it, for
the purpose of bavins: it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At present, the
Senate have not determined what will be the order
of business.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will progress
with the bill \yhich we have under discussion to
a conclusion. I think it must be generally ad-
mitted that there will be great loss of time, and
loss of a just understanding of the subject, if we
now take up a new bill, discuss that, and return
to this, discuss this in its turn, and so changing
from one subject to another, divide the attention
of Senators, and surely delay the time for the
completion of the bill, it cannot be expected that
the railroad bill will be settled in any shoitperiod.
I have been greatly disappointed in the time con-
sumed in the discussion of this bill. I did inno-
cently— ignorantlv, if you please—believe, when
it was taken up, that the half hour assigned to it
would suffice. The debate has widened, and I
see no prospect of its ever bemo; narrowed down
to the subject under consideration, except by con-
fining the, attention of the body to it. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will postpone the special
order fixed tor to-day at one o'clock, and proceed
with the discussion of the bill now under con-
sideration.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to interrupt the
consideration of this bill, because I believe the
right way to progiebs with business is to take
up one subject and dispose of it. I agree with
the Senator from Mississippi in that respect; but
I understand that the Senator from Massachu-
setts intends to oiFer an amendment to this bill,
and it may be that it would be bettor for it to go
over, in order that the amendment maybe printed,
and be before the Senate when the bill shall be
finally decided. I do not intend to intenupt this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, we can never progress
if the debate is to be arrested, and the subject post-
poned by the introduction ofanamendmem. After
it is read, we can have the amendment printed if
necessary: or if the debate continues, we shall see
the amendment m to-morrow morning's paper.
The debate of to-day wiU not depend on the
amendment.
Mr. G WIN. I suppose, if this discussion goes
on, that the special order fixed for one o'clock will
not lose !H place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By postponing it
until to-morrow, it will be continued as a special
order.
Mr. IVERSON. I suggest to my friend from
California that there is no special order afW to-
morrow until next Monday. There is a special
order for to-morrow, February the 2d—the bill
repealing all laws or parts of laws allowing boun-
ties to fishing vessels; but there is no special order
for Wednesday,Thursday, or Friday. We can
have until next Monday for the consideration of
his Pacific rmlroad bill, by making it the special
order for the day after to-morrow.
Mr. GWiN. There is a special order for to-
morrow.
Mr. 1VERS0N. That bill will hardly inter-
fere with tins one.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to have the Pacific
railroad bill passed over until to-moirow. 1 do
not know whether or not the Chair has decided
that the bill now under considerjtion has pr^ter-
I ence. I should kke to have that point settled,
j Mr. STUART. I think this is a very proper
i occasion to detcnfnne the consnurtion of the
j juies which govern us, and I beg leave to submit
' a few suggestions on that .subject. The ]5ih rule
of the Senate provides that—
" The uufmisaed im-on^ss in which the Sonata was en-
gaged at the last pieceding adjournment, '-hall havo til©
preference in the spccial oidersof the day.?>
The bill now under consideration was the un-
finished business at the last adjournment, and
therefore it has priority over all other special or-
ders under the express terms of the 15th rule. I
think there is no want of harmony between the
15th and 31st rules. Take the case now in hand.
The Pacific railroad bill is a special order for to-day
at one o'clock, and was made so on the 19 th of Jan-
uary. The unfinished business of the last adjourn-
ment stands precisely as if it had been made an
older special order by an express vote of the Sen-
ate; and the 31st rule provides that the priority
of special orders shall be decided according to the
timeat which they were made special orders. Now
1 apply these two rules thus harmonized to this
case: the unfinished business of yesterday, legis-
latively speaking, has a preference over all other
special orders, and has a precedence over this one,
so that it is the duty of the Chair, on the arrival of
; one o'clock, to call itup. Tf called up, by theex-
I press terms of the 15th rule, the unfinished busi-
| ness has priority. I think it very important that
| the Senate should decide, through the Chair, these
| subjects correctly; fori think there is no difficulty
! m tlie two rules, and no dirficulty m the construc-
! tion of the 31st rule. I do not believe that human
i language can make it plainer. Here is an order,
I special order made on the 11th January—"the
! motion by Mr. Douglas to refer so much of the
i President's message as relates to Kansas to Die
; Committee on Territories." That is a special
i order having priority over the Pacific railroad bill
j by the express terms of the 31st rule,
j Mr. HOUSTON. I believe, according to the
opinion of the gentleman, I may be permitted to
go on with my remarks.
Mr. STUART. Certainly; I insist that the
Senator from Texas has a right to proceed; that
the unfinished business of the preceding day has
preference overall special ordcis, no matter when
made, and we shall produce anything but har-
mony if we resort to any other construction.
Mr. GWIN. U that the decision of the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to give his opinion. The 15th rule is, as
suggested by the Senator from Michigan, that the
unfinished business has preference among the spe-
cial orders. This bill was unfinished business.
The Chair considers it much the same as if the
Senate had been in continuous session considering
this question up to this time; in which event, when
the hour arrived for the consideration of an order
fixed by a vote of the Senate, the Chair would
deem it his duty to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to that fact. No inconvenience can arise,
because the Senate may postpone either one or
the other. The Chair calls up the special order
under this portion of the 31st rule:
" When the hour shall have anived for the consideration
of a special order, it shall Uf the duty of the Chairto take
up >urh special older, and the Senate sliali pioeeed to eon-
j &ider it, unions it be postponed by vote of tne Senate "
| Under this rule the Chair deemed it his duty to
] call the attention of the Senate to the fact that,
some weeks ago, by special vote, it assigned this
day, at one o'clock, for the consideration of the ~
! Pacific railroad bill. It is in the power of the
i Senate to consider the present question by post-
! potting that bill.
! Mr. SEWARD. I hope that, all around, by
- unanimous consent, we shall defer any action on
j this question, and suffer the Senator fromTexas,
, who has the floor, to proceed with his speech,
' and when he has got through, then will he the
I proper time to settle this question. It is very un-
J pleasant to a Senator, who is in the midst of a
! speech, to be interrupted and broken off. 1 move
j that tiie honorable Senator from Texas be allowed
, to proceed by unanimous consent.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
; sent, the special order is postponed,and the Sen-
| ator from Texas will pioceed.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt of the pro-
1 prioty of the course adopted by the Chair, m
calhng for the order of the day; and I think it was
perfectly riirht and peifectly a matter of cour.sc
that the* orders of the day he postponed, and the
! unfinished business proceeded with.
i As i was remarking, it is impossible to con-
! stiti'to a good regular army, unless you furnish
i inducements beyond the nitre pay the soldier
! receives. You must hold outsome honorable m-
j ducement, some reward for meritorious services,
i orjrou never will constitute a regular army that
