1S80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
draw liis amendment at present, and let us com-
mence at the beginning, because it may not meet
with the favorable consideration of the Senate
when first presented.' After we have examined
that paper, perhaps there will be no objection to
it. Let us go through the bill section by section,
and when we get to this section, it is more than
probable that the communication which has been
read, which will be published in the Globe, will
remove all objection to this amendment. At pres-
ent there are Senators on this side who are not
prepared to vote for it.
Mr. FOSTER. I withdraw my amendment,
upon the suggestion of the Senator from Califor-
nia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest, as he has already done, that it is more
regular to proceed section by section, beginning
with the first section, and if no amendment be
offered to it, then to take up the second section,
and so on. The Chair will entertain propositions
to amend the first or second section, in preference
to one for an amendment of other sections.
Mr. GREEN". I wish to move an amendment
to the first section.
Mr. COLLAMER. I prefer that the course
suggested by the Chair should be taken. Lot the
bill be read section by section, and then let any
gentleman offer any amendment.
The Clerk read the first section of the bill, as
follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to enter into a contract for the trans-
portation of the mails, troop-s, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Government service,
by railroad, from a p.ant on the Misriouii river between the
mouths of the Uig Sioux and Ka s.as rivers, to San Fian-
cisoo, 111 the State of Caliloniia,oii the eligible route,
reference being had to feasibility, shortness, and economy.
Mr. GREEN. T move to amend the first sec-
tion by striking out, commencing in the seventh
line, and ending in the eighth , the following words:
" a point on the Missouri river between the
mouths of the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers," and
inserting " the mouth of the Kansas river." The
object of making the motion is to fix the point
definitely by act of Congress rather than to leave it
uncertain, depending either upon the contractors
or upon the executive department. I prefer that
the responsibility should be taken by Congress
itself. I believe it to be the duty of Congress to
take that responsibility, not to transfer it to the
executive department, nor even to leave it to the
opti<5n of the contracting parties. I name the
mouth of the Kansas river because it is central to
the whole Union; it gives no advantage to the
South or to the North, and while it is, as I am free
to admit, a benefit to the State of Missouri, yet
it results from the peculiar location of Missouii.
I am also free to admit that I feci the more anx-
iety upon that subject because Missouri is my
own State. These partialities and prejudices in
favor of our own are natural; but while they in-
fluence me to that extent, I think disinterested
men, looking at this subject with reference to its
bearing on the whole Union, will see that if we
are to have but one road, this is the only fair point
at which it should start on the Missouri liver. If
"you go higher north itis prejudicial to the South;
if you go further south it is prejudicial to the
North. To fix it at this point is fair, is equal, is
just; and when the return trade from the rich
shores of the Pacific reaches the mouth of Kansas
river, it will radiate to all parts of the Union.
Whereverthe inducements are best and greatest,
there the trade will center. I need not amplify
and enlarge upon this proposition. It is plain and
simple. The geography of the country is under-
stood by all Senators. Itsadaptation to the wants
of all sections must strike every one at the first
glance; hence I leave it for the consideration of the
Senate.-
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that I am constrained
to dissent from the proposition of my friend from
Missouri. The mouth of the Plarte river was
originally designated by the committee as the
starting point of this road; bat inasmuch as there
was a diversity of opinion as to whether it should
be the mouth of the Platte, or a little above, or
a iittfe below; and inasmuch as there were many
railroads a,ready in progress across Iowa and
f across Missouri, which, by a little convergence,
would reach the mam line, it was thought best,
and it was done on my own motion, to strike out
"the mouth of the Platte," and insert, "a point
between the mouths of the Big Sioux and Kansas
rivers." I do not think it would be right now to
limit it to the mouth of the Kansas. If we were
to limit it to any one point, I should say the
mouth of the Platte, which is about half way be-
tween these two rivers. But I am willingto leave
it as the bill leaves it—the starting point on the
Missouri river to be between the mouths of the
Big Sioux and the Kansas, and to be selected by
the contractors. I am not willing to say that the
line shall start from the particular point indicated
by the Senator from Missouri. I think we had
better leave it as it stands in the bill. I believe it
is safer. All these considerations were taken into
view by the committee when we agreed upon the
language in the bill as it now stands.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to say a few words
in accordance with what the Senator from Illinois
has said in support of his views. I think, sir, it
would be a great injustice to the State which I
have the honor in part to represent here, and a
still greater one to the State of Minnesota and the
new Territory which is soon to be formed, I hope,
west of Minnesota, to confine the starting point
of the road to the mouth of the Kansas river. As
the Senator ftom Illinois has said, if any point
were designated in the bill, perhaps it ought to be
the mouth of the Platte, though my opinions are
decidedly that the mouth of the Big Sioux is the
proper point, if any is to be designated, which is
the northern boundary of the State of Iowa. The
mouth of the Big Sioux is on the same parallel of
latitude with the South Pass. We m the North
believe that the road which shall go to the Pacific
ocean should run through the South Pass. It is
on about the same parallel with Chicago, Cleve-
land, Buffalo, Albany, and Boston. The great
commerce of the North is upon that lino, and al-
ways will bo, in my opinion; and for that reason
I think the road ought not to commence south of
the line of the State of Iowa. It ou*:ht not to be
confined to the State of Missouri. The mouth of
the Kansas is within the State of Missouri; the
mouth of (he Big Sioux is m the Territory of Ne-
braska. I sincerely hope that the Senate will not
adopt the motion of my friend from Missouri. If
it does, in my opinion it will be fatal to the bill;
at all events it will be injurious to it in a great de-
gree. I do not believe in legislating for localities.
I believe in allowing the engineers of the United
States and the contractors to have the say as to
where this road shall commence and where it shall
run.
Mr. BROWN. I believe I shall vote for this
amendment, because I am willing to do a clover
thing for my friend from Missouri; and I might
as well say now what I intend to say on this whole
•proposition. Under no possible conceivable cir-
cumstances am I going to vote for the bill; and
vet, sir, I am in favor of a Pacific railroad bill.
That is, I am in favor of building a Pacific rail-
road; and whenever any company shall present
itself m any organized position affording sufficient
guarantees to justify it, then I am willing to bring
tiie Government up to the aid of that company.
If A, 13, and C, with their associates, were to come
here to-morrow showing that they had organized
for the purpose of building a railroad to the Pa-
cific; if, then, D, E, and F, came and showed that
they were organized for the same purpose; and
still a third company, all showing that they were
organized for that purpose, and holding out a rea-
sonable prospect of success—a prospect which
satisfied me that they could succeed, with the aid
of the Government, then I should be willing to
extend that aid. But I am not willing to vote for
a bill which is to call these companies into exist-
ence, who are to come here on the mere adver-
tisement of the President and put in their proposi-
tion, leaving it to his judgment, and not to yours,
sir, or to mine, to determine whether they have
the capacity to build the road; leaving the Presi-
dent of the United States to enter into contracts,
which must finally result in the expenditure of
hundreds of millions of the public money, and
by possibility, at the end of the expenditure, have
no road.
I congratulate our friends on the other side.
Some of them, but a few days ago, and their
friends m the other House, within the last twen-
ty-four hours,as we see fiom the official reports,
have expressed great distrust of the ability and
capacity of the President to appoint a chief of the
auxiliary guard in Washington. It is dangerous
to trust this immense power in his hands ! He
is to bring around him a pretorian guard which
threatens the very safety of the people and the
liberties of the Republic! Now, we have a prop-
osition here to allow the same President to enter
into contracts involving the expenditure of tens
and'hundreds of millions of public money. My
friend from Connecticut thinks the powers are
not quite large enough, and he brings in a prop-
osition to make them larger. I congratulate our
friends; I congratulate the President. It seems
that gentlemen of the Opposition believe that a
little matter of appointing a chief of the auxiliary
guard is below the dignity of the President, below
his great mind; .but, when it comes to intrusting
to him extraordinary discretion, great powers,
then they admit the maximum of his intellect,
aud they are willing to intrust the power.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will give me a moment, I will say that he
cannbt certainly mean m6 by his remark. He
alludes to me as one having changed my purpose
or views in regard to the question. I voted for the
bill introduced by him in regard to an auxiliary
guard.
Mr. BROWN. I did not mean that. The Sen-
ator thought that the powers in this bill conferred
on the President not large enough, and he wanted
to enlarge them.
Mr. FOSTER. But at the same time, the Sen-
ator alluded to a wonderful change having come
over the minds of Senators in regard to the bill
for the auxiliary guard for which I voted.
Mr. BROWN. I did not mean that, of course,
for the Senator from Connecticut voted for it.
Now, I must say, that I am not willing, high as
my admiration for the President is, and as much
discretion as I should be willing to intrust to him,
to give him all that is conceded by this bill. I
would not give if to anybody. I can see very
clearly that the passage of this bill must drag after
it, at a future time, the expenditure of vast treas-
ures. You make this a Government work. You
get yourselves so mingled up with it that you
cannot separate yourselves from it. And what
is to be the consequence? Thus tied on to this
work, it will, in the end, absorb the whole poli-
tics of the United States; it will be more fruitful
of party dissensions and party discords than the
Bank of the United States ever was. Presiden-
tial elections will turn on it; your State elections,
your county elections, all your elections, will have
reference to tins great railroad scheme, if you get
yourselves mixed up with it, in the manner pre-
scribed by this bill.
I say again, sir, that I am in favor of the con-
struction of a railroad—one, two, or three—to the
Pacific, and of giving aid, by grants of land, and
liberal contracts for tianspoiting the mails; but I
want to enter into these contracts with actual ex-
isting companies, who have shown an ability to
construct their roads. It is thus that you have
made grants of land to all roads for which grants
have been made heretofore. You had an actual
company in existence; you simply gave your
assistance; you had no stock in the road; you
issued no Government bonds, and had no connec-
tion with it, except to give the aid which you give
clear to an organized company—one already in
existence. There is no such company here. You
propose to call a company into existence, through
the agency of an advertisement by the President.
He is to enter into contracts with them, and to
issue Government bonds. Tho result, in my opin-
ion, will be such as I have indicated. I have no
speech to make on this question; I simply desired
to indicate the position which 1 occupy in refer-
ence to it, and with that I am content. I shall
record my vote against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The pioneer bill of all the
great land grants was the Illinois central railroad
bill. I refused to bring in the bill for that grant
until the existing company surrendered its char-
ter, and went out of existence. We then made
the grant to the State of Illinois, and she granted
the land to a company subsequently created and
organized, of which subsequent company no man
of the original company was a member. It has
been the great policy in all these instances to keep
clear of all companies, ai\d to make the grants to
the State as a sovereignty, with entire power in
her to do as she pleased when a grant was made
for a State work.
