496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
hearing on earth to say that an , Indian deceives.
The white man teaches him deception, and byway
of'retaliation he may deceive him. The white
man, thinking all will stop with his own decep-
tion, concludes that the Indian has no right of re-
taliation; hut the Indian retaliates faithfully. Put
confidence in him, and he is as constant as the
northern star that has no fellow. He is truthful
and accustomed to risk his life for his friends, or
die m seeking revenge 011 his adversary. Do him
wrong, and it is unforgiven, The idea of punish-
ing the Indians and pursuing them with your reg-
ular troops is preposterous.
I recollect the time I determined here, some
years since, never again to vole for an increase of
the regular Army unless m time of war, and im-
minent necessity, which could not be supplied
from volunteers or the militia. That determina-
tion is as unshaken as my life. It is a purpose
that I will cherish, and I hope to leave my preju-
dice against an inordinate increase of the Army
as a heritage to my children. If I leave them
nothing else, it will be a pledge that I love my
country.
When four regiments were raised a few years
ago, it was announced that for years the Depart-
ment had been calling for an increase of the reg-
ular Army; successive Secretaries of AVar had
called for it; and reports had been made. That
is very true. I 110 not deny the fact that reports
were made in favor of it. The four regiments
were raised, and I presume if you would calculate
the net expenses of raising and supporting them
up to the present time from the time the law
passed, you would find it just about equal to the
deficit of $20,000,000 in the Treasury.
That is the advantage which has resulted to
the country from that action. Now, what have
these isgiments done? What are the glories that
they have won? What deficiency m the public
defense have they supplied ? They have had a
war -with the Indians, under the lead of a gallant
man, I admit, and report said they killed one hun-
dred and fifty, of whom one hundred and thirty
\vera women and children. That is the way these
regular troops act. They may surround women
and children; they may attack the warriors 011 the
prairies, when they are attended by their women
and children; moving, perhaps, to winter quarters,
or, perchance, coming to hold a treaty, and seek-
ing amity with the United States. They are sur-
rounded i'lom the consideration that some achieve-
ment ought to take place to show that the regular
force has not been idle, and that there was some
excuse for having raised them. I saw that 111 olden
times 011 the frontier of Texas. A company was
raised for a certain time, and just before it expired
they would have a difficulty with the Indians to
protiact. their services.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Texas
allow mo to ask him to what case he refers, m
which one hundred and fifty women and children
were killed?
Mr. HOUSTON. I said one hundred and
thirty.
Mr. DAVIS. What was the case?
Mr. HOUSTON. Thi' rase where General
Harney attacked them 011 the Platte.
Mr. DAVIS. The Blue Water ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; I believe that was it;
and it was done at the very time when they wished
to confer. The onset, it was said, was made un-
advised ly. The onset was made while the Indians
were attempting to escape. Why were they not
let go' Why were not tile women and children
allowed to pass unscathed? If you cannot attack
the warnois, for mercy's sake let the little ones
tlee. But that is not all. There was an other fin iouw
Sioux war, where a lieutenant went out. and made
an outrageous attack on the Indian camp; and
when the matter was investigated, it. was proved
conclusively that it was an indiscretion 011 his
part, a madness that had seized upon him from
some influence or other, which brought 011 that
war. it may be said that the Indians went to the
trading houses exasperated, and took things that
were there. The fact was that the white people
had not paid thein their annuities as they had j
promised to do; and the Indians, feeling that
wrongsand aggressions, without provocation, had j
been inflicted upon them, could only regard the 1
•whites as enemies. I
But, sir, I say here that if you will treat the !
Indians justly, kindly, truthfully, let them come !
and open useful commerce with the whites on the
frontier; the Indian will become useful to the
white people; he will preserve peace, and the
chiefs of the various bands, when brought thus
in contact with the citizens or officers of the Uni-
ted States, will chastise any of their fugitive war-
riors who may commit aggressions. They would
punish them, because it would be to their interest
to do so. If they obtained from the United States
fair treatment, they would not allow individual
members of the trihe to act to the detriment of the
tribe; but the Indian is not thought of; he is not
cared for; as I have observed before, he has 110 po-
litical influence; he has been an object of rapacity
and robbery ever since our first intercourse with
him. More than one hundred millions of money
have been paid to the Indians, and what have they
benefited by it? Against all the malign influences
the white man has interposed to their civilization,
many tribes have risen up into respectability,
civilized, enlightened, and christianized. Those
tribes have overcome all the difficulties, have dis-
pelled all the clouds of ignorance and heathenism
that surrounded them, and now have the bright
light of science and the immortal light of religion
shed around their heads and in their pathway to
direct and guide them.
The Indians, Mr. President, have amongst them
men who have overcome these difficulties; for
within my recollection there was nothing of the
artisan in a whole nation now so civilized and en-
lightened—the Cherokees. Fifty years ago they
were in darkness; they were wild, rude, and sav-
age; but in half a century they have become cul-
tivated, civilized, enlightened, and christianized.
They were surrounded by whites, and sympathy
resulting from that acquaintance on the borders
gave them, in most instances, that protection
which left them to themselves to imitate the arts
of the white man; and as their ambition arose and
civilization shed its benign influence upon them,
education took the place of ignorance and light of
darkness, until they have now become illumined
by the full radiance of literature and science. Why
cannot other Indians do the same ? Because they
are not objects of sympathy; they have 110 po-
litical influence; they have no vote to give; they
can reciprocate nothing that is done for them;
are objects of cupidity, of rapacity, and of rapine.
Whenever you undertake to exercise an influence,
such us a Chiistian,an enlightened, anuagloiious
nation us this ought to do, you will reclaim the
Indian from his wild pursuits, convert him into
the agriculturist, the grazier, the artisan;you will
make him a man of social and domestic habits,
and all the blessings of civilization will recom-
pense him for his efforts in that direction. This
can bo done. Let it be commenced and followed
up with an earnest and honest determination oh
the part of this Government, and you can dispense
with your frontier army; you will not have the
Indians to war against; you will not be required
to annihilate them; they will not be objects of
rapacity; they will not feel indignantatyou; they
will not find it necessary to make reclamation
for wrongs done to them or property taken from
them; they will be able to explain their grievances
if they have any; and the attitude which they may
occupy before this nation will not depend 011 the
statements of interested parties. When this shall
be your policy 111 regard to the Indians, you will
need 110 standing army among them.
It has been said 111 the course of the debate that
volunteers aie moie cruel than the regulars. Sir,
I do not know from what facts that conclusion is
drawn; but I may say, that I have never known
of any acts of atrocity within the last half cen-
tury 011 the port of volunteers that would not find
a parallel in the action of regulars. I am not aware
of any greater inducements they have to cruelty
or butchery than the regular soldiers. I would
much sooner trust them than I would trust men
who know nothing about the Indians, who have
no sympathies with them, who have been reared
where oceans rolled between them and the Indian,
and who have only heard of them as of beasts for
slaughter. The volunteers generally have some
sympathy, though they may be exasperated at ag-
gressions committed by lawless Indians, and by
lawless parties Irom dihnrent bands. V/e often
find that some lawless individuals will congregate
and depredate on the settlements while the coun-
cilors and the mass of the Indians know nothing
of their purposes. The depredators flee. A com-
pany immediately pursues their trail, which lies
in the direction of a village. They escape their
pursuers by a by-way, but the pursuers come on
and attack the village whose people are harmless.
Whilst the murderers escape, thoinnocentare the
sufferers. That is the kind of warfare which is lia-
ble to be pursued by the regulars, if they over pur-,
sued anybody successfully, as well as by the vol-
unteers; but I have not heard of their overtaking
any Indians that committed depredations. It will
be recollected that those on the Blue Water were
not pursued; but they were met accidentally, with
all the incumbrances of camp equipage and pro-
visions for the season, and they were attacked at
a time when they were in a fit condition to nego-
tiate, but not to fight.
I prefer a volunteer force because I believe it
to be more efficient, more useful, and certainly
equally as cheap as, if not cheaper than, a regular
force. When volunteers are out of service, they
return to their homes to support themselves. If
emergency calls for them, they are on the spot in
a few days; and when they perform the service
for which they are needed, they return to their
homes, and mingle again with their fellow-citi-
zens; they contribute by their industry to the gen-
eral mass of the national wealth; while a regular
army is acontinued incubus on the nation,utterly
unproductive, a drain on the country's resources,
who never add aught to its revenues. I am not
prepared, therefore, to support this bill; and I
have come to this conclusion, with all deference
to the recommendation of the President and the;
Secretary of War. I oppose the bill without any'
enmity to its origin. Neither of those gentlemen
has given his attention to the national defense as
a matter of peculiar consideration and investiga-
tion. They are dependent on military men for the
suggestions which are made as to the necessity of
an increase of the regular Army; and how are they
prompted ? Promotion is a desirable thing in the
Army. It is only denied to worthy non-commis-
sioned officers and privates; but promotion is a
great thing for all commissioned officers, and the
more you increase the Army the more rapid pro-
motions are. Though you may say this bill
does not open the door to high promotions, as it
only adds two companies to each regiment, yet you
will find that it opens the door to a batch of cadets
that are to come in, and in a very short time it
will be found that the companies are not as effi-
cient as they would be if they had smaller num-
bers, and then they will be reduced; and thus
regiments will be multiplied, brigades increased,
and then will come a request for brigade generals.
I recollect that when the four new regiments were
raised some years ago, it was supposed that an
honorable member of this body would be appoint-
ed a brigadier general in the Army. I have 110
doubt that idea inclined many minds kindly to the
measure. It was understood that various individ-
uals were applicants for colonelcies, and they op-
erated on their friends in Congress. The measure
received countenance and support from consider-
ations of that kind. Finally it was passed; but
none of the gentlemen that I knew of, who were
expectants for high office, received the appoint-
ments, from some circumstance of misunderstand-
ing,! presume, in their own expectations.
I am not disposed to incumber the country with
additional expense at this time. If volunteers
cannot defend us, cannot reach Salt Lake, if ne-
cessary, in half the time that regulars can be raised
and do it, it is of 110 use to attempt the war. If
they can be assembledand reach there in one half
or one fourth the time regulars could reach there,
they are the most efficient force, because efficiency
often is increased by expedition. If the Mormons
are preparing, the less prepared they are when our
troops meet them the more easy it will be to re-
duce them to order.
Before taking my seat, sir, I must allude to a
remark which was made by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] and I must express,
with great deference to his intelligence, my dissent
from one position which he assumed. He con-
tended, as I understood him, that the President
had 110 right to order the troops into a Territory
for the purpose of suppressing insurrection or re-
bellion. My own opinion on that point is very
different. 1 think the power of the President in
that respect cannot be questioned, though the ex-
pediency of its exercise in any particular case
may be a question for investigation., in aTerri-
