1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State. The benefits of the operation are ramified
and incalculable.
Wlule, therefore, the power clearly exists, the
expediency and propriety of making these grants
cannot, in my opinion, be for a moment doubted.
I believe that is expedient, proper, wise, and ne-
cessary that the power should be exercised in the
present case, and I am willing to vote a donation .
of lands to the extent indicated in the bill, pro-I
vided the other provisions of the bill shall be so :
molded as to suit my views of what is necessary
and proper to be done.
The other mode of giving governmental aid to
the great object proposed by the bill before us, is
to make a contract with the company that under-
takes to build the road, to carry the XJnited States ;
mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, &c., for :
a period of years, and at a certain rate per mile
per annum; and to advance to the contractor equal
portions of the aggregate sum, as each scction of
twenty-five miles of the road is completed; the
sum thus advanced, with interest, to be repaid to
the Government in service performed under the
contract. It is scarcely necessary or proper to
assert or argue that the power to do this is within
the constitutional competency of Congress. The
power to establish post offices and post roads is
especially granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion. The power to cause the mails to be carried
on these roads, and to and from these offices, is
not only a proper but necessary incident to the
specific grant. Congress, in it's discretion, in-
stead of employing its own carriages or wagons
and horses, hiring; its own drivers and agents, has
considered it more economical, and in all respects
wiser, to contract with individuals for carrying
the mails, under such rules and regulations as are
established by law. Government can establish a
Pacific railroad as a post road; it may establish
post offices on the route to be supplied with mails,
it has already post offices on the Atlantic and on
the Pacific side of the Union to be supplied with
mail service. Congress may, therefore, make or
authorize to be made a contract for the transpor-
tation of the mails upon the road or roads to be
consti ucted across the continent; may stipulate
the price and other terms; may make a contract
for one or more years; and may pay at stated
periods, after the performance of the service, or m
advance of it if it shall consider that to be the best
for the Government and the people. It is for Con-,
gress to decide upon, and to instruct the execution j
by law, the terms and conditions upon which this
public service is to be performed, and which, m
its judgment, will best promote the public inter-
ests. The power is unlimited,except by the obli-
gation of good faith, in providing for the protec-
tion and promotion of the public interests, by as
speedy, cheap, and safe transportation of the
mails, and other Government property, as pos-
sible.
With the power clearly existing in Congress,
who can doubt the propriety, expediency, and
wisdom, of making a contract for carrying the
mails, &c., and advancing reasonable amounts to
the company from time to time, which,with other
April 14,
necessity for a railroad or roads across the conti-
nent, either for the transportation of the mail, or
the Government troops, military stores, and mu-
nitions of war, as would justify Congress, under
the Constitution, in expending many millions of
the public money, and undertaking the construc-
tion of such a road by its own agents and its own
means. The mails may be carried, as they are
now carried, either by the isthmus routes or over-
land in wagons and carriages. Troops, seamen,
stores, and munitions may be transported by the
same routes. It is true, that the process is so
slow, hazardous, and expensive as almost to make
the construction of a railroad a necenity; but still
not of such pressing and obligatory character as
to draw therefrom the right, under the Constitu-
tion, to build it at Government cost; and, even if
the Government had the power, under the Consti-
tution, to construct the road at its own expense ,
and under its own supervision, it would, m my i
opinion, be highly injudicious and inexpedient to !
do so. The reasons against such an undertaking j
by the Government are too numerous and too ob- !
vious to require mention here. The most ardent |
friends and wildest enthusiasts in favor of a Pa- j
cific railroad do not propose or press its construc- j
tion by the Government. Such a scheme docs !
not deserve to be considered; it is utterly out of '
the question. Any road or roads which may be
demanded by the great interests of the country, !
must be constructed by private enterprise and i
managed by individual capacity. j
The Government should only lend its aid in
such form and manner as the Constitution justifies !
and the national convenience and ability may per- !
Possessing, as I think it does, the rightful 1
power and the pecuniary ability to give its aid in
the mannerand form, and to the extent proposed
by this hill, I am willing to adopt the general
principle of governmental aid in securing the ac-
complishment of the great national object of a
railroad communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, within the territory of the United
States.
But, sir, although I am in favor of the general
principles of the lull under consideration, ! am
opposed to the bill itself as it now stands, and
cannot give it the sanction of my vote, without
material alteiations. The bill, as it now stands,
provides only for one road, and circumstances
which must necessaiily arise will control its loca-
tion. The bill itself prescribes that its eastern
terminus shall not be south of the mouth of the
Kansas river, whilst its western termination is to
be San Fra. Cisco. Where els^ can the road be
located, with these termini, than along one of the
northern routes which have been surveyed ' Nor
does it require any great degree of sagacity to
understand that its location along one of these
northern routes will be controlled by the great
and all-powerful interests of the wide-spread net- ,
work of northern railroads which cover the sur- j
face of the earth between New York and the pro- 1
I posed eastern terminus of this Pacific road. A
i combination of the various and vast interests con- ;
nected with the roads starting from New York, i
Government aid and their own private resources, !; as a base, and running through the States of New
would enabje them to prosecute and complete a j j York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, lllmios
work of such vast and paramount importance ?
Entertaining no doubt, myself, I cannot hesi- |j
tate to authorize such a contract, with necessary ji
and proper conditions and restrictions, as will, m 'j
my judgment,go further to promote the great ob- ;l
ject in view than any other step which Congress ^
could constitutionally adopt. jl
It may be asked, if Congress can aid in the con- i:
struction ot a road by a donation of public lands, j i
and by advancing money upon a m ul contract, j'
why may not Congress build the road, on the •!
Government behalf, byan appropriation of money ! t
direct fiom the national Treasury? I answer that ji
the power to dispose of the public lands is specif- j,
ically granted in the Constitution; the power to !i
provide for mail service and other public trans- j!
portation is necessary and proper to carry specific i!
grants into effect. But there is no power granted ]\
in the Constitution to Congress to build railroads, ',
construct canals, improve rivers, or appropriate li
monty tor these objects. Congress cannot appro- n
prune money for the construction of any work of !
internal improvement which is not absolutely ne- i
cessary for the Government use, or to execute j
some other specific constitutional grant of power. !
r do not consider that there is such an aOs'oiute j! rams tff money to bfe appropriated in"aid of Chi
Iowa, or Wisconsin, will beat and bear down all 1
opposing rivalry, and force the location of the j
Pacific road on such route as their mtetests shall j
dictate. That route must be one at least as far ■
north as the thirty-eighth degree of north latitude, '
and very probably will be suil higher up. The '
railroad, therefore, provided for by this bill will
be a northern road, having its location on a north- -
ern route—making connections with a northern
system of roads, pouring all its Pacific travel and
trade into the northern States, and emptying all t
its rich fruits into the lap of noi them cupidity *
and capital. The southern States of this Union '
will have little interest in such a road. Like a :
large and flourishing tree, covered with ripe and 1
rich fruit, it will be surrounded by a dense throng j
of eager northern gatherers, who will clutch all \
its choice productions, leaving only a few decayed  
and worthless morsels to their southern friends,
who stand afar off, on the very outside of the circle
of greedy expectants.
Sir, ti\e public lands which will be given to this
road were purchased by the money and blood of
the South as well as of the North. They belong-
as much to the South as to the North. The large
road are to be taken from a common Treasury, to
which the South contributes her full share. The
South is entitled to a full participation in all the
benefits which are to be derived by the aid ofnhe
Government from the proposed pathway across
the continent to the Pacific ocean. The amend-
ments which I propose to offer to this bill look
to this object, and are intended, and I think cal-
culated, to secure it. Whilst they concede the
aid of the Government to the fullest extent, m the
shape of public lands, to a northern route, they
also contribute the same amount of moneyed as-
sistance, in the form of a contract for carrying the
mails and other property of the United States, to
a southern route.
There is another serious objection, to my mind,
to this one-road project of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia. The circumstances and causes to which I
have alluded, and which will inevitably control
the northern location of the road, will throw the
lands to be granted, and the money to be advanced,
into the hands of a northern company of jobbing
speculators. What guarantee is there that the road
will ever be carried to the Pacific? They com-
mence the road at some point on the Missouri
rivei; they locate it through Kansas, Nebraska,
or other habitable territory of the United States,
and construct it as far out west as the country
is worth anything and will afford remunerating
travel and trade; they get the lands donated by
Congress—twenty sections for every mile of road
finished; they receive the advance of $12,500 per
mile for mail service; and they complete two or
three hundred miles of road,getfrom two to three
million acres of valuable land, receive in hand a
like sum of money, and then cease its further con-
struction! Sir, I entertain very grave doubts
whether, with all the proposed aid in lands and
mon«'y, any company will ever be found to carry
out the great loading object of the bill—a railroad
connection with the Pacific coast—over any of the
northern routes. The distance from the Missouri
river to San Francisco cannot be less than two
thousand miles: the road cannot be constructed
over any of the l outes heretofore surveyed, or that
can be selected, at a cost of less than fifty thou-
sand dollars a mile, or one hundred million dollars.
Tiieaverage costof railroads in the northern States
of the Union is not less than forty thousand dol-
lars a mile. How much, then, will the road cost,
traversing desert plains and crossing lofty mount-
ains, covered with snow for a great part of the
year, and through regions inhabited only by sav-
ages and wild beasts?
If it should cost only a hundred milh ins,would
it overpay? would the stock ever draw a di\ idend ?
What shrewd, intelligent Yankee will ever invest
his money, his labor, or his time, in such an un-
dertaking.' • I do not say, sir, that a northern
road is impracticable. Money can overcome all
obstacles. A road may be buiit even on the most
northern route, but at such an enormous expense
as would render the stock utterly worthless. I
do not believe that such a road as the bill con-
templates, and must inevitably produce, will ever
reach the Pacific ocean.
But, sir, whether this be so or not, whether a
road will ever be built on a northern route with
the proposed aid of the Government, I think jus-
tice demands that equal provision should be made
for a connection over a southern route. I feel
very confident that, with the Government aid pro-
posed by this bill, a road located either upon the
thirty-second or thirty-fifth parallel would be cer-
tainly and speedily constructed. I am not pre-
pared to institute an extended comparison of these
two routes.^ I believe a first-claws railroad might
be builton either of them, with the assistance from
theGovernment which is suggested in my amend-
ments. The route on the thirty-second parallel
would have the advantage of being much shorter
in distance; for I consider the completion of the
road now under progress through Texas, from
the neighborho d of Shreveport, in Louisiana, to
£1 Paso, on the Rio Grande, a distance of seven
hundred miles, as a fixed fact. The munificent
giant made by the State of Texas to that road, of
twenty sections of land and $6,000 in money to
each mile, will insure its rapid construction and
early completion. From the Rio Grande to the
Pacific, a distance of seven hundred and fifty
miles, is the only portion which would have to be
provided for and constructed by the pacific Rail-
rffsd Company, which w&ulti contract with ths
