1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
President for its construction, and the transpor-
tation of the mails and other Government prop-
erty. No road on any other route can be accom-
plished short of two thousand miles. On the
thirty-fifth parallel, the road must begin at Mem-
phis, or some other point equally distant. It
would have to be constructed through the entire
State of Arkansas, thence up the Canadian river
and on to the Rio Grande at Albuquerque, and
"thence across to the Pacific. Nevertheless, I am
much inclined to believe that, with even this dis-
parity of distance, over which the road would
have to be built, the upper route on the thirty-
fifth parallel is the cheapest, safest, and best route.
The whole route from the Mississippi to the Col-
orado traverses a comparatively level country and
elevated and healthy region, abounding with
wood and water, and containing a large quantity
of valuable lands both for agricultural and mining
purposes. But whichever of these routes is best,
or whichever may be selected^ it is certain that
either is practicable, and at a cost far below that
of any northern route.
I feel assured that the donation of public lands,
and the mail contract proposed by my amend-
ment, will secure the construction and completion
of a road over one or the other of those routes,
and within the time limited by the bill.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to vote the large
amount of aid in land and money contemplated
by this bill on any single road, unless the locality
be fixed beforehand, and a practicable, certain,
and just one selected. I am willing to provide for
the construction of two roads—a northern and
southern road. I am willing to make the same
grant of lands to each. I am willing to authorize
the President to,enter into a contract with both
for the transportation of the mails, troops, muni-
tions of war, and other public services—-one to
take the mails and other transportation of its sec-
tion; the other to carry them within itsown limits.
Let the North take her lands, her contract, and
her route, and build her road, if she can. The
South will-be content to take the same advantages,
and,l trust, would make a manly effort to ac-
complish this, the greatest enterprise of the age.
If she fail, the fault and the loss will be hers.
I proceed now, Mr. President, to read the
amendments which I intend to offer to this bill;
and I suggest to the Senatorfrom Missouri [Mr.
Green] whether it would not be better for him to
withdraw his amendment at present until the sense
of the Senate is taken on the propositions which
I shall submit. The proposition which I shall
submit, as I have already stated, looks to the
formation of two roads, one north of latitude 36°,
and the other south of that parallel. My propo-
sition is that the contractors, or the company, or
whoever may undertake to construct these roads,
shall select both the eastern and western termini,
and shall select the route over which the roads
shall be constructed. Doubtless the contractors,
whoever they are, will he controlled by their own
interest, and will seek the best practicable route.
So far as carrying the mails and other public trans-
portation is concerned, I propose that each of these
roads shall have its share of the public business.
I propose that all the mail and other public trans-
portation lying most contiguous to the northern
route shall be by contract sent over that route,
and all lying most contiguous to the southern
route shall be, by the contract to be entered into,
transported over that route, on such terms as the
President in the contract shall designate under
the restrictions and limitations contained in the
bill. . ,
I move to strike out the first section of this bill,
and insert this as the first section:
Be it enacted, Sic., That the President ofthe United States
shall, as soon after the passage of this act as may be con-
venient, cause advertisements to be inserted in two news-
papers in paeh Slate and Territory, and in the District of
Columbia, for a period of not less than three nor more than
six months, inviting sealed proposals lor the construction of
a northern Pacific railroad, to he located within the United
Slates, and north ofthe thirty-sixth degree of north latitude,
the termini and route thereof to be selected and determined
upon bv the contractors: Provuted, The eastern terminus
shall not be east of the Missouri river; winch said propo-
sals shall stipulate for the construction of said railroad and
for tile performance of the public service herein required,
, as follows.
Then I take article one of the bill as it is, as to
the tune in which it is proposed to«construct and
finish the entire road, and leave the second con-
ditiSn the Efamet and then, instfeatl Of tile thirH
article as contained in the bill, I propose to insert
as follows:
At what rate per mile per annum, not exceeding $250,
it is proposed to transport over said road the United States
mails for ail that portion of the United Slates more con-
tiguous and convenient to said road than to the southern
Pacific railroad provided for by this act; the same to be
carried both ways under the direction of the Post Office
Deparment for the period of twenty years.
And then X adopt the terms and language of the
bill as already reported. I propose to add another
section to come m at the end of the bill, after the
northern road is provided for, and all the other
provisions of the bill are adopted by the Senate as
reported by the committee.
Jinil be it farther enacHdt That in the advertisements
provided for by the first section of this act, the President
shall also invite proposals for the construction of a southern
Pacific railroad to be located within the United States, and
south ofthe thirty-sixth parallel of north latitude, the'termini
and route thereofto be selected and determined upon by the
contractors: Provided, The eastern terminus shall not be east
of the Mississippi uver. and that the Presidentshall enter into
a like contract for the construciion of said-road under the
same provisions, conditions, limitations and reductions,
and with the same advantages as hereinbefore recited ana
made applicable to the said northern Pacific railroad, for the
transportation of the United States mails, troops, seamen,
stores, munitions of war, and all other public service for all
that portion ofthe United States more contiguous and con-
venient to said southern road than to the northern Pacific
railroad provided for by this act.
It will be perceived, Mr. President, that I pro-
pose to provide for two routes, and to make a
donation of public land to the extent of twenty
sections per mile—ten sections on each side of the
road; and also to make a contract with each com-
pany for the transportation of the mails and other
public property of the United States, under the
same restrictions and limitations as to prices that
are already prescribed in the bill under considera-
tion. But, instead of advancing $25,000,000 to
the road that is provided for by this bill, 1 pro-
pose to make a contract, and agree to make an
advance of $12,500,000 to each road_, so that the
aggregate sum will be the same, $25,000,000, as
proposed by the bill; that is to say, I give to the
northern road the donation of public lands, the
whole which is provided form this bill; I give t©
the northern road a con tract for carrying the mails,
munitions of war, troops,&c., of the United States
to the extent of $12,500,000; and propose to ad-
vance to it, in United States bonds, as each sec-
tion of twenty-live miles is completed, $6,250 a
mile, instead of $12,500, as provided by the bill.
The contract is to specify that, when the road is
j completed for twenty-five miles or more, or final-
I ly, the company shall he entitled to the transport-
ation of the mails at a rate not exceeding two
hundred and fifty dollais a mile
It will be perceived that the bill itself, which
provides for only one road, agrees to give to the
company the contract for the mails at a price not
exceeding five hundred dollars per mile per an-
num. I propose to divide this mail contract and
to give not more than two hundred and fifty dol-
lars a mile. I think that is ample. I believe that
is the maximum sum that is given on any railroad
in the United States for mail service even of a
more important character than is intended to be
supplied by these roads. 1 think the Government
does not pay more than two hundred and fifty dol-
lars a mile upon any railroad in the United States
for mail service. If it does, it is under extraor-
dinary circumstances, and it is not of a general
character. Then I propose to let these roads take
the business which appertains to the particular
section in which each is constructed. My opin-
ion is that with th is aid from the Government and
with a contract of this sort, whatever may be the
fate of the northern road, which I consider ex-
ceedingly doubtful, notwithstanding all the power
of the Government, and all the aid which may be
brought to boar, I believe at least, that the south-
ern road can be and will be constructed; and I be-
lieve that the southern routes, either the thirty-
second or thirty-fifth parallel, are the only routes
across the continent that ever will be used for; a
Pacific railroad. Still, however, I am not unwill-
ing to give to the North the opportunity of con-
structing their road and the same advantages and
the same privileges and the same gifts which 1
propose to the southern route. _
On the thirty-second degree of north latitude,
let us see the feasibility and probability of the
construction of the road. There is already a rail-
road now in process oi construction, and more
than half c'rimfJletfed, from Vibksb'urg, in Missis-
sippi, to Shreveport, and thence to the Texas line
of Louisiana. The means are already provided
for the completion of that road. That i.1? a link
from the Mississippi river. That road then ro_n~
nects with the great Texas road, a branebof the
Pacific railroad, which is now in process o ^con-
struction, and to which the State of Texas,aa. I
have said, has granted a donation pf tv^ettty^sec-
tions ofland and $6,000 per mile in money.This,.
I think, will secure the construction of thatroad.
I understand from good authority that the com*
pany have already constructed a sufficient amount
of road to secure this valuable grant. ' '
The construction of that link of seven hundred
miles by private enterprise, I consider settled be-
yond all dispute. The only part, then, which
will have to be constructed by the new company
—a Pacific Railroad Company—will b'e from the
Rio Grande, at El Paso-, (where the Texas road
intersects that river,) to some point on the Pacific
ocean—San Diego, Kan Pedro, or San Francisco,
as the interests of the company may. hereafter dic-
tate. If that route be adopted, tie amount which
will be called for from the public Treasury, under
the operations of my amendment, will he far less
than upon any other route. If the route on the
thirty-fifth parallel be adopted, the road must be
commenced at the Mississippi river, for, although
there are roads chartered in the State of Arkansas,
and one from Memphis, by way of Little Rock,
to Fort Smith, which will be the route this toad
must necessarily take, if that parallel be adopted;
and although work is now actually in progress
on them, and a road is being built from opposite
Memphis, on the Mississippi river, to Little Rock,-
contemplating to go higher up, to the extreme
confines of the western part of Arkansas, at Port
Smith, yet still I do not believe that company,
with the aid in public lands which has been given
to it, will be able, for many years to come, to con-
struct that road through the State of Arkansas.
If my amendment passes, the probability is,
that the companies which are interested in the
work through theState of Arkansas will joinany
Pacific Railroad Company which may bfe formed
for the construction of this great work, and the
interests ofthe two companies will be combined.
That road, under the,provisions of this amend-
ment, will be commenced at Memphis, will ran
through the State ofArkansas, thence up the Ark-
ansas riveruntil it meets the Canadian, and thence
on to the Pacific. This is the most eligible route,
in my opinion, and probably it is the cheapest
.route which can be found between the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans. 1 am satisfied that if either
of the two southern routes be selected, a road
over them must necessarily, and will at no dis-
tant day be constructed.
I believe, sir, that it is just, and due to the
southern people, that we should have the aid of
the Government, if Government aid is to be given
at all for the construction of our own road. It is
certain that if this bill passes in the form reported
by the Senator from California, the South will
never have any interest in the road which is to b6
constructed under it; and it is unfair, it is unjust,
it is ungenerous that the public Treasury and the
public lands, which belong as much to the south-
ern as the northern people, should all be taken to
promote the interests of the North. Sir, already
complaints are uttered, and justly uttered, against
the vast disparity of public expenditures in the
two sections. From the formation of the Gov-
ernment to the present time, where one dollar of
the public money has been appropriated to be ex-
pended in the southern States, at least five dollars
have been expended in the northern and western
States of this Union. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clay] says ten; I said five, to be within the
bounds of reason. It is very probable that at least
ten to one have been expended in the northern
States; and now it is proposed to build this great
thoroughfare across the continent, which is to
pour such an immense amount of riches into the
lap of the country which it taps, at the partial ex-
pense, at least, of the General Government and of
the public Treasury. Sir, I object to the proposi-
tion; I tlunk it is unjust and unfair to the south-
! ern portion of this Union that the benefits of this
' Government shall be conferred exclusively upon
the other section. I am willing to adopt the prin-
ciple of the bill, and to give public lands, and a
contract for mail transportation and other public
' service tb tv;o roads, and let eliiEh see*itm then
