THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
nm
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Concuess, 1st Session,
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1858.
New Series.....No. 3£,
tory there is no government of a sovereign com-
munity, such as theie is in a State, to demand the
aid of tiie United States forces to suppress insur-
rection or rebellion, is such a state of affairs, if
it exists, to go on unchecked ? or is it not the duty
of the President, ex officio^ a Territory being an
appendage of the Federal Government, to use all
the power he tan to suppress insurrection? Has
he not the power to do it, at any rate? I do not
say that insurrection has existed; but I ask, if it
does exist in a Territory, has not the President the
power to use the troops in order to put it down?
Suppose that in the District of Columbia the Mayor
of this city were to head an insurrection or rebel-
lion against the Federal Government—were to re-
fuse us authorities the exercise oftheirappropriete
functions—would not the President have the right
to put it down without waiting for a call from "the
Governor of a State ? If he can do it in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which I presume no one will
■question, he can in a Territory; because a Terri-
tory is as much under Federal tutelage and gov-
ernment, until it becomes a sovereign State, or
assumes some organic form, as the District of
Columbia. Therefore, 1 think it is perfectly within
his competency to use the Federal Army when-
ever it is necessary, m his opinion, within the lim-
its of any Territory or the District of Columbia.
The propriety of such a measure is the only point
to be investigated; the right, I think, is undoubted.
I was very sorry, Mr. President, to hear the
honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr. I\erson]
allude to what might have occurred in Kansas in
certain contingencies. I shall pass over all ques-
tions relative to Kansas, for the reason that t am
not informed in relation to everything connected
"with it; and I do not feel that I am competent to
shed any light on that subject, or even to express
an enlightened opinion of my own. I was sorry
to hear the honoiable Senator from Georgia allude
to what might have occurred, if certain events had
not taken place; and he said it might have led to
a general agitation throughout the country that
would have resulted in the disunion of these States,
i heard this with pain; because he seemed to en-
tertain no regrets m anticipation of such an event.
Sir, I have never heard disunion suggested, I have
never heard allusion made to it, without inflict-
ing the deepest wound on my heait, and casting a
cloud over my hopes of the future. I was born
and reared in that school which looked upon the
Union ua the palladium of liberty upon which was
built the proud supersuueture of oui Government;
too Imly to be touched by unhallowed hands—
never to be approached but with reverence and
respect. I came into active being in eaily man-
hood, having received as apupil that doctrine. I
have maintained it inviolate through life; i have
contributed, by my life and example, all the evi-
dences that any man could give in favor of the
, Union; I will never secede Irom that hallowed
docirine; i will never be a heretic to the Union
and a belief in its conservative necessity. Dis-
union cannot be thought of with pleasure by any
individual who is descended from the proud an-
cestral loins of the men of high intellectual pow-
ers, whose rich and generous blood flowed in the
achievements that led to the Union. I was struck
the other day with a speech by an enlightened
Indian, who met me, and taking me apait, said,
in a whisper, " General, will you tell me what all
this talk means aboutdisunion r 1 hearitall around
about the streets." tin asked me, tremblingly,
what it meant? He thought there was a rotten- '
ness in Denmark. What will disunion profit us ?
It will give us ruin in exchange for happiness; it
will give us slavery in place of freedom; it will
give us infamy in place ot glory. Destruction will |
be the consequence of disunion. But, sir, when i
disunion comes, the stufe is not to begin on your ;
borders; but the first blood that flows will be the \
blood of traitors; and it will be shed here, or in J
the other Hall, where it may originate. Sir, we 1
ought to beware how we talk; for I tell you that j
a man who has bled for the Union, for freedom, •
and for nationality, will always be satisfied with '
the Constitution of the country, and will be ready !
32
j to vindicate it with his life. I have never heard
the word " disunion" with pleasure; I n$ver shall
lifear it with delight. Wild as the vagaries may
be in relation to it, there is a soberness among the
people, who have no motive but love of country,
and a desire to see the nation happy, independent,
and prosperous. Go to your mountain-tops; go
to your valleys; go to your dales; go to the gorges
of the mountains; speak to the people of the Union;
and they will tell you it is worth preserving. Go
to speculators and agitatois, and they may tell
you it is not worth preserving. I say it is. The
man knows little of the value justly attaching
to it, if he has ever periled his life in defense of
the liberties of his country, that would not freely
peril existence again to protect and secure this
Union to posterity.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair a prop-
osition which I propose to move as a substitute
for the bill now under consideration. I move that
it bo printed, and that the subject be postponed
until to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts moves that the substitute which
he sends to the Chair be printed, and that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject be postponed
until half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the substi-
tute read, as it will probably not be printed in
time for us to see it to-morrow morning.
The Secretary road the proposed substitute.
The motion is to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert the following:
That the President, foi the ptiipo&cofenibicing thel.uvs
of the United Smte^, of maintaining peace with the Indian
tube?., and ot pioteunig the citizens on the routes of emi-
gration in the Terntoiy 01 Utah, and 10 he empiojed only
in said Territory, be, and he is hereby, authonzed to cull
tor and accept the services of any number ot volunteers,
not exceeding in all rive thousand, olHcei  and men, who
may ofier their services as infantry, to serve for twelve
months, unless they be sooner dis,chai<?cd, after they shall
have anived at the place of rendezvous, or been mustered
into the servrce of the United States ; and that the sum of
$ be, and the same is heiehy, appropriated, out of any
money in the Tiea^urv not otherwi>e appropnatod, for the
purpose ol can-jiii" the provisions ot tl <actinto effect.
Sec. 2. Jhidhc it further enacted, That said volunteers?,
when mustered into the sei vice, shall be armed and equipped
ai the e"\puisc of the United States, and, until discharged
therefrom, he subject to the rules and arlieles of war; and
shall be ovarii/,ed in the same manner, and shall receive
the same pay and allowances, a  the infantry aim of the
Army of'the United States.
Sj-.c .2nd he it fHither enacted, That the volunteer- so
ollerins; then sei vices shall be accepted by the President in
ei'inpaines, battalions, or regiment-, and that each company
shall eon-Nt of the ^ame number of olfieer* and men as now
piescnbed by law for the mlautry aim of the Army. The
captain and lieutenants ot the sard companies shall be
cloctcd by the company, and comnn—loned by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the President shall nppoition
the staft'and field othecrs anions the State- and Terntoiies
from winch the volunteers shall tender their s>oi vices, a-5 he
may deem pioper.
See. 4. And be it further enaded, Th.it the volunteers
who may be received into the feemce of the United States
bv virtue of this act, and who ?hall be wounded or other-
wise disabled m the service, Miall be entitled to ail tSie ben- j
etlts which may be conferred upon the peisoiis wounded or <
disabled m the'service of the United States. !
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA. j
Mr. GYVJN. I now move that the special order j
be taken up.
Ths VICE PRESIDENT. That is the busi-
ness now brfore the Senate.
Mr, DOUG-LAS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of Minnesota info the Union.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order,
being the Pacific railroad bill, is before the Senate;
but the Senator may move to postpone it.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I am a friend of the Pacific
railroad m any proper manner, and think well of
the bill which the Senator from California has re- i
ported; but I think that the question of allowing i
two Senators who are here in attendance to take
their seats is one that ought to take precedence of
all others. They are deeply interested in the Pa-
cific railroad, and I think the proposition for their
admission ought to take precedence. I move,
therefore, to postpone all prior orders, and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Minnesota bill.'
Mr. GWIJST. Iam in favor of the proposition
to admit Minnesota as a State, and shall vote for
it. I have no objection to it at all; but it strikes
me that the Pacific railroad bill having been set
apart as the special order for this day, it is due to
the friends of that measure that it should come
up for consideration. * As to the Senators who
may take their seats from Minnesota, I have an
abiding conviction that they will not be admitted
before this bill passes. After the Minnesota bill
passes here it must go to the other House, and
maybe debated there for a long time. The benefit
I to arise from the passage of the bill admitting
| Minnesota as a State may be delayed until after
: this bill passes. I must insist on the considera-
1 tion of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. GREEN. I do not see that the bill for the
admission of Minnesota would expedite that meas-
ure at all by being now taken up, and displacing
the bill for the construction of the Pacific railroad.
There are considerations that must necessarily be
brought to bear when the Minnesota bill is taken
up. It affects the representation in the other
House, and it depends on questions of fact not
yet decided—the returns of the census from-that
Territory. They are not yet all received; and to
take up the bill thus prematurely, I think would
! prejudice the measure itself. I do not expect to
see any formidable opposition made to the admis-
sion of Minnesota; but I do see a good reason
why the consideration of it should not be hur-
riedty thrust upon us. As we have a special order,
as there are good reasons why the Minnesota bill
should not now be considered, I hope the special
order will be sustained, and that the other bill will
not be brought up to its prejudice.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, it would seem to me
that the first object should be to complete this
body by the admission of all those who are en-
titled to seats in it; and I really think that con-
siderations of respect for the State and for the
gentlemen who are in attendance here, and have
been for ten days or a fortnight, enjoin it on us
I as a primary duty to take into consideration the
1 bill to admit the State of Minnesota, and to admit
them to their seats. If this is a great question
which is made the special order—the construction
of a railroad to California—they have a right to
a judgment; they have a right to a decision on
that very question; and the more important it is,
the more important is the privilege and right to
them to decide with us on it. Courtesy and every
consideration of respect for the State and the gen-
tlemen here in attendance to represent her, seem
to mark out this measure ha one entitled to par-
ticular precedence and particular favor, and 1 hope
it will take precedence of all other matters.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope the honorable Senator
from California, as chairman of the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad, will not insist on
taking up that bill now. It is necessary for me,
though I have a very deep solicitude for the suc-
cess of that measure, to vote asroinst giving it pri-
ority over the Minnesota bill. I entirely agree
with the remarks of the honorable Senator fiom
Kentucky. It seems to me thata State which has
been invited into the Union, which has organized
itself, and which has come here m compliance
with that invitation, presents an appeal of a priv-
ileged case, and that it is due to the magnitude
of that subject, and to the interests of the commu-
nity who are to be brought in as a State, that they
should be brought in at the earliest day consistent
with a compliance with all the necessary forms for
their admission.
I will say also to my honorable friends on tho
other side of the House, that we are doing very
well with the Pacific railroad bill. We did very
well the other day, and made a decided step for-
ward in favor of it when we defeated the bill for
increasing the regular Army of the United States
bythe addition of five regiments;forthere are but
two systems of governing the Territories of the
United States: one is peaceful, and for that pur-
pose the Pacific railroad is the engine; and the
other is by a standing army. I think that in
reaching the solution of that problem, in rejecting
