TMM, :C0N&RBSS10NAL GLOBE.
June 1.
ret.ary of War miglit himself have been person-
ally interested in the purchase.
I know there is no charge of- that kind openly
made, but my translation of the report is, " al-
though we do not charge the Secretary of War
■with being personally interested in the sale, yet
circumstances look very suspicious." I say, sir,
that a bold charge.of this kind, based upon no evi-
dence, whatever, is a. gross outrage; an outrage
upon the Secretary of War—an outrage upon the
dignity of this House. Bat I will not dwell upon
this, point of the case further. The question as to
whether the commissioners were qualified to per-
form the duties devolved upon them by their ap-
pointment, can best be determined by the result.
The committee state in their fourth resolution
that provisions for and management of the sale
were so negligently, carelessly, and injudiciously
made as to induce successful combination against
the .Government, exclude all competition, and
bring loss on the Government. Now, is that
charge true-? For if it is not, the charge of incom-
petency on the part of the commissioners, falls to
the ground. If the reservation sold for all it was
worth, the commissioners did their duty, and
tfeeir whole duty. If they had sold it for more
than U was worth, somebody would have been
cheated, and the Government would have been a
swindler. The evidence in regard to this point
of the case however seems to be very conflicting,
but the report of the committee shows that tlie
weight of evidence is very decidedly and conclu-
sively to sustain the position that the Govern-
ment received for the property every cent that it
was worth.
1 know that some gentlemen have testified that
they would have given much more for it; but it
must be remembered that all these magnificent
offers were made after the sale, when it was well
known that they could not possibly be entertained.
It is a very easy thing for a man to make a large
offer for a piece of property when he knows I hat
his proposition cannot possibly be accepted, for he
is entirely safe in making the offer, whether he has
the means to pay or not. Why, sir, 1 have pur-
chased property myself which had been exposed
to public sale for years at a given price, without
finding a purchaser; and yet just as soon as I had
purchased it at that very puce, the seller would
be besieged with inquiries," why did you sell that
property so low ? 1 would have given you fifty
per eent. more for it;" others would offer one
hundred per cent, advance; but I take it the
offers of men, under such circumstances, would
be entitled to little weight in establishing the true
value of the property.
There are men residing in my own town, men
of intelligence, wealth, aiid influence, men inter-
ested in, anil well acquainted with, the value of
western lands, who have examined this Foit
Snelling reservation, and have given it to me as
their united opinion, that the Government real-
ized for this property nil that it was worth, and
that they would not be willing to take it from the
purchasers at the price paid. I have as much
■confidence in the judgment of these men as I have
ifi the judgment of any land speculators in the
* western country.
The idea of this reservation being the site of a
large and flourishing city, situated as it is within
a few miles of St. Paul and St. Anthony, cities
already established, is too ridiculous to deserve
a moment's consideration. It is too far of£ ever
to become a part of either of these cities, and yet
too near to both of them to become even a vil-
lage.
I know that a speculative fever may bo gotten
up, and town lots sold, and that large prices may
be realized; but somebody will be sure to be
cheated, and Fort Snelling will only be a tolera-
bly decent farm after all. In my judgment, the
Government obtained for this property all that it
was worth; and it had no business to take any
more, even if it could get it. It is no part of the
business of the Government to be speculating in
lands, or to seek to make money by deceiving peo-
ple; and, whatever may be said of this Fort Snell-
ing reservation, you never can convince the peo-
ple of this country that ordinary farming land in
a new State, two thousand miles away from the
sea-coast, is worth more than ten or-twclve dol-
lars per acre. If, then, this property sold for all
it was worth, the commissioners did their duty,
and are not liable to the charge of being incompe-
tent or unqualified 'to perform theduties of their
office.
But, sir, 1 do not care to dwell longer upon this
case. I think I have said enough to satisfy our
friends on this side -of the House, that the Gov-
ernment realized for this land every cent that it
was really worth. I think I have said enough to
satisfy them that their report is nothing but a
miserable electioneering political document, in-
tended to disgrace, in the eyes of the people of
the country, one of the chief executive officers of
the Government, and, as such , should receive the
condemnation ofevery honest man.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that it is very easy to
raise the cry of bribery and corruption, and to
start the idea that there is great iniquity in the
administration of the Government; but it will re-
quire something more than such a party report as
this to satisfy the minds of the people. From the
commencement of this Congress down to the pres-
ent hour, scarcely a day has passed that the Ad-
ministration has not been assailed by gentlemen
upon the other side of the House. The President
has been accused of buying up members with
promises of offices to their relations and friends.
The Secretary of War has been accused of buy-
ing them up with promises of contractsfor horses
and mules. All the chief officers of the Govern-
ment have been assailed—some in one way, and
some in another. The language of the Opposition
has been, " there is none of you that doethgood;
no, not one."
I think, Mr. Speaker, it is high time that this
kind of argument should be abandoned, and that
we, the Representatives of the people, should be
willing to accord, by courtesy, to the highest of-
ficers of the greatest nation upon earth, at least
as much as is accorded by law to the meanest
criminals at the bar—the right of being consid-
ered innocent until they are proved guilty.
And now, sir, when the Republicans on the
other side of the House get control of this Govern-
ment, which disaster I pray Heaven to avert, if,
during their brief reign, they will only give us as
honest and as faithful officers as we have given ]
them during almost the entire period of ourcoun- j
try's history, I, for one, shall rest content, and
shall console myself with the reflection that the
country will be safe, even though such a party
may be in power.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, in the short time
I shall trespass upon the patience of the House,
I shall not stop to notice the panegyrics pro-
nounced upon the Secretary of W ar by his friends.
The course of the gentlemen who have spoken in
his defense reminds one of what is often seen in j
criminal courts, when the advocate, throwing ;
aside his brief, appeals to the jury in behalf of
his client because of his former virtues and noble i
character asa man. Itisthe official conduct of the j
Secretnry of War, and not his private character or
past life, that is now passing under scrutiny.
When the facts of delinquency of conduct stand
upon the record, the criminal at the bar cannot
plead against those facts that he has before lived
an irreproncRablelife. If the facts be proven in the
record, then the condemnation of the jury passes,
and private character or past life cannot be plead
lii bar of judgment. Arnold himself, up to the
night of his arrest by Paulding, Van Wert, and
W illiams, could have referred to some of the most
brilliant achievements upon the bloodiest battle-
fields of the Revolution in proof of his valor and
heroism, as one of the noblest patriots of his coun-
try.
What are the facts in this case, and how do they
affect the Secretary of War? is the only question
involved. It is the mode and manner of this sale
that we complain of; and I agree with the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Bisnor] that it is a
minor consideration what was the amount re-
ceived for the property. That is not the import-
ant consideration. It is to be considered in de-
termining whether the transaction was conducted
fairly or not; and goes only to the integrity of
the motive for it. Whenever an executive officer
of this Government shall so conduct the affairs of
his office, as by collusion, or in any other way,
secretly, to give one citizen an advantage over
another, in their dealings with the Government, it
is a maladministration of his office. That is this :
case. It is not necessary that there should be an j
advantage accruing to himself; nor is it necessary, j
in order to justly deserve the condemnation of the >
people, that h'e should personally receive filthy
lucre. It is not necessary that he should receive
any personal advantage in order to piake him
amenable-to an outraged public sentiment. If
he so manages the affairs of the Government in-
trusted to him, as knowingly to give undue and
unfair advantage to one citizen over another, he
is then subject to the condemnation of the people.
What are the facts in this case ? During the pend-
ency of the Army bill in the Senate, last session,
the following amendment was proposed by Mr.
Weller:
" That the provisions of the act approved March 3,1819,
entitled kAn act authorizing the sale of ceriain railitaiy
sites,' be, and they are hereby, extended to military sites,
or to sucli parts thereof, which are or may become useless
for military purposes."
When this amendment was offered Mr. Bright
said:
" 1 should like to inquire if there is any provision for a
public sale ?
" Mr. Wcm-er. Those sold under the act of 1819 were
sold at auction; but it has been decided that that act was
retrospective, and did not apply to any military sites estab-
lished after the passage of the law. Since that time, of
course, many military posts have become wholly useless to
the Government; and this amendment is to sell them.
"Mr. Bright. At public, or private sale ?
" Mr. Weller. At public sale.
" The amendmentwas agreed to."—Congressional Globe,
vol. 34, page 1046.
That is the whole record of the proceedings in
both Houses on that amendment attached to one
of the regular appropriation bills in almost the
last hours of the session. It was the understand-
ing of those who put the provision into the bill,
that there was to be a public sale. Was not the
Secretary of War bound to take notice of this in-
tention of the law-making power? The gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Bishop] says that
the law clothed the Secretary with power to sell
in any way he pleased, either at public or private
sale. Grant that it did. Would that give him the
right to sell at secret sale ? This sale waa neither
a public nor a private one. It comes under the
designation of neither. A private sale is where
property is sold oil offers of purchasers, accepting
such oiler as the seller thinks best, but with knowl-
edge to purchasers that the property is for sale.
But when no one m a whole community knows
that a piece of property is to be sold, and it is
sold, that is not a private but a secret sale; and
that was this sale. It is for this that the Secretary
of War is arraigned. Instead of allowing all cit-
izens who desired to purchase the property, to
compete for it, it was sold without any knowledge
m the community that there was to be a sale.
What was the law revived by this amendment
to the Army bill at the last session? The law of
3d March, 1819, thus revived, is in these words:
'■ That the Seeietary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, undei the dueetioit of the Piesident of the United
Slates, to eau3e to be sold such military sites belonging to
the Unili'd ai.nes tis may have been found to bccome useless
for military purposes ; and the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized, on the payment ot the consideration agieed tor
into the Tteasiiry ol the United States, to make, execute,
and deliver ail needful instrument.-!, conveying and trans-
ferring the same in tee; and the jurisdiction, which had
been specially ceded for military purposes to the United
States by a state over such site or sites, shall theicafter
cease."—Statutes at Large, vol. 3, page j:K).
The sales which were made under that law were,
as Mr. Weller stated in answer to the question of
Mr. Bright, public sales. The law revived by
the amendment of the last session provided for the
sale of—what? Suck military sites as had become use-
less for mil'tary purposes. Under the construction of
this law,given by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Bishop,] the Secretary could sell any of your
military reservations anywhere that he deemed
useless. The gentleman thought the Secretary
somewhat of asecond Jackson, because of his in-
domitable will, that would receive no counsel or
advice from any quarter, and because he disposes
of the public property at his own caprice, even
against the advice and written report of General
Jesup, indorsed by General Scott. I take it that
these generals have a slight knowledge of the mili-
tary wants of the country, although they may not
be as competent, peiliaps, to judge of the useless-
ness of military reserves as the gentleman from
Connecticut, who devoted much of Ins time to an
effort to prove that this military reservation was
no longer needed by the Government.
I Under the law, the Secretary could not sell any
| reservation except such as had become useless for
i military purposes; but by the doctrine laid down
