THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.
0.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 1858.
New Series No
164.
on the other side, he could, and can now, sell
any reservation anywhere that he deems useless,
no matter what might be the opinion of the most
competent military judges as to their importance
for national protection or defense. Even if the
Secretary of War is made the judge of whether
any reservation could be dispensed with, he is re-
sponsible for the exercise of a sound judgment,
and if he sells to the prejudice of the public ser-
vice it is a plain and palpable violation of the spirit
of the law. But the same censure would not, of
course, be visited on an error of judgment as for
a willful neglect of duty.
Now, was the reserve at Port Snelling neces-
sary for the Government? If so, the Secretary
had no right to sell it. On the 15th of April, 1857,
a proposition was submitted to the Secretary of
.War, by Mr. Rice of Minnesota, for the purchase
of Fort Snelling. That was three months before
the sale. The Secretary of War submitted the
proposition to General Jesup. In his report to
the Secretary of War, on this proposition, page
155 of the committee's report, he says:
"If this policy is to be adopted, and it is certainly the
true policy, not a foot of the site of Fort Snelling can be
spared without weakening the defense of the frontier."
Here is an officer who has served the country
almost the allotted period of man's life, in high
military positions, the officer who had this depait-
ment of our military service under his inspection,
reports officially to the Secretary of War that not one
foot of this reset valion cuuld be spared without weak- 1
ening the defense of the frontier. This was on the |
15th of April, 1857; and yet, immediately follow-,
ing this, the Secretary of War sends Major East-
man to make a survey of that reservation. For
what purpose? To make a survey, as Major East-
man supposed at the time, to ascertain the quality
of the land, its value, &c , m order to fix the price
at which it should be sold. But before any report
on this subject is made, and before the Secretary
of Wareverhearsfrom the surveyor, he dispatches
another agent, named Heiskcll, who meets East-
man in Minnesota. They meet together, and the
last agent says he has authority to sell the res-
ervation in any way he pleases, public or pi ivate.
These two agents agree to make the sale—and
how ? They agree to sell it under the instructions
of the Secretary of War, notwithstanding the re-
portfrom the&uartermasterGeneral, that not one
foot of the reservation could be spared without weak-
ening the defense of the frontier—an opinion in which
he was sustained by Colonel Thomas, by General
Churchill, and by other officers—concurred in by
General Scott, the first military name of the age.
Colonel Thomas, senior officer of General Scott's
staff, and acting as inspector general, when he
visited Fort Sneihng says,in his testimony, page
135:
Question 460. You say you see no teason to changeyotir
view* as expressed to the general-m-cnier as to the pio-
ptiery of retaining Fort Sneihmj a« a place of nnluar} mijT-
ply. Do you mean bv that that it would he deniable lor the
Government to repossess itr-elf of Fori rfnelhng?
" Amv er. I think t-o.
" Question 461 How much do you think the Government
could afford to pay for it to icpostess itself of the piopoity r
"Answer. It i« only valuable as a station for troops to
send out upon an cuiercency, and at- a supply for posts at a
distance. It w impoitant, as you have theie all the sup
plies and the means ot tian^ponation." ^
i( Question 452. Would it be of more value to the Gov-
ernment than the Government received foi n?
**Ansucr. I think to.
"Question 404. Do you think the Government could, with
propriety, and as> a matter of economy, puicha^o back Mich
portions of the pioperty as you have specified as being
necessary, for the amount paid for all, if they could not bru-
it for less ?
"Answer. Yes; I think so.''
General Churchill, in his testimony, page 282,
_says:
"Question 1753. Were you. or any of the officers con-
neeted with youi department, consulted as to the piopnety
of selling that reserve f
iiAnswer. I was not.
" Question ]7,";6. Had you been consulted, would you have
advi.-ed a disposal of it?
"Answer. I would not."
Major J. G. Mai tin, assistant quartermaster
general in the Army, and who had been stationed
164
at Fort Snelling for two years, in his testimony,
page 355,says:
"Question 2358, (by Mr. Burnett, resuming.) Would
you give it a«? your opinion that Fort Snelling ought to have
been retained as a military depot?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Perhaps the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Bishop] would say that these men thus connectcd
with the Army did not know what the wants of
the country were in a military point of view. The
Secretary of War ascertained from no human
being that this was a useless reservation before he '
ordered it to be sold; buton the contrary, he sold ■
it in direct opposition to the opinion of some of j
the most experienced officers in the Army. That ;
is our first complaint. It was his duty to ascer- j
tain from the commandant of the position, or some |
other competent person, whether the reservation I
could be spared from the military defenses of the |
country. This he did not do. This is the first :
act for which we atiaign him. Next, for order- j
ing a sale in express opposition to the opinions ;
of those who had the subject m charge, and who ;j
would be supposed to know most about it. And jj
thirdly, we arraign him because after he had de- 'j
termmed to sell, instead of giving all citizens an .!
opportunity to buy this property which belonged •
to the General Government, and in the sale of ;j
which every one had a right to be a competitor, !
he sold it at secret sale to one man, and he the !
first to whom it was offered, and at the fiist m-
teiview; and the community knew nothing of the ,
sale until after its completion, and wore unable !
to obtain any information as to the sale previous |
to its taking place, though they applied to the ;
Secretary for it. The honorable member from j
Illinois [Mr. Smith] had wntten to the Secretary j
of War two months before this sale, inquiring if i
this reservation was to be sold, and an ex-mem- ;
ber of Congress from Veimont (Mr. Dillingham) j
had also written to make ctsirnilai inquiry. But ,
the Secietaiy of War was so busy that they, like :
i every one else, save these favored parties, could !
i get no answer till after the sale was completed. 1
j That is the evidence as testified to by Mr. Smith
; and Mr. Dillingham.
| Now, I ask my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
' Bishop,] and his side of the House, if there is not j
! good reason for scrutiny by the Representatives ,
1 of the people into such acts of the executive of-
ficers of the Government? Under our form of j
government, it is the first and highestdutyincum- |
« bent on the Representatives of thepeople to watch, i
with jealous care, the conduct of the executive
i officers of the Government. It was one of the
! maxims of the sage of Monticello, thatthe pr;ce
j of liberty is eternal vigilance;" and it is not for the
J representatives of popular liberty to defend or :
| vindicate an executive officer m the clear and fla- ■
i grant violation of the laws of the country, be- ,
1 cause, perchance, he may have maintained a noble >.
■ character in the history of the past. I have noth- '
' ing to do with the private character of the Socre-'|
j tary of War, or his past history. His conduct
1 in this transaction, and that alone, is on tuai; ]
! and, if wrong, it is not to be screened by any of 1
! the elements of character which his friends may
! imagine he possesses kindred to those of Andrew
Jackson.
\ Now, I need not take up the time of the House,
or weary their patience by any farther references
, to this testimony as to the importance of this post
, as a military reservation. All the military men
' examined by the committee sustain the one idea
that Fort Snelling is important to the country,
' and could not be abandoned as a military post at
present without detriment to the defense of the
frontier. Yet the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
; Faulkner] told us that a military commission,
sent by the Secretary of War, reports that this
reserve is not needed. When was that commis-
sion organized ? After the committee had made
its investigation, and reported. The Secretary of
; War, it seems, unwilling to risk his case on the
■ evidenco taken by the committee, at his own in-
stance orders a military commission to visit Fort
Sne'ling, and report as to its utility as a military
post. A superior officer commands his subalterns
to make a report in a caso affecting his own rep-
utation, and the character of thejservice; and they
go and perform his bidding, ancfthere I leave their
report. They were sent after this evidence was
taken, and the report made. If the Secretary of
War deemed it necessary to have the opinion of
military men as to whether this reservation was
important to the military defense of the country,
why did he not get their opinion before he or-
dered the sale? Why did he wait till an investi-
gating committee of Congress took testimony and
made its report to Congiess? Was it to ascertain
the facts as to whether this reserve was useless in
order to govern his action in ordering the sale ? or
was it for his defense against the testimony im-
peaching his conduct? Why have a commission
to determine whether the reservation was useless
after the same was sold ?
But, sir, how was the sale made? Major East-
man, one of the agents who sold it, says, in his
testimony before the committee, page 89:
" Question 1 Please to state all tbo fact* and eirrum
stances withm your knowledge touching the recent &aie of
the mihtaiy uservation at Foit duelling.
v-Antiver. In Apul Ja-t I icceived verbal instructions
from the Societaiy of War to proceed to Foit Snelling and
make a suivey ot the place." * * * * •' lie
suited thai alter 1 had finished the *utvey lie would^end au
auent out ilioie to soil it 1 proceeded to the place, and
went to woik immediately. Alter t had the --urvej, nearly
completed, an agent at i ived and lepoited to mo, and, at the
'•aim, time, I leccivod the appointment lejent lnyt-ulf to
act vuth him."' * * * * The inductions
weie to >e!1 it *_t public '•ale o: private -ale, as i lie agents
thought bet-l lor the publicmtei e?t, eit ici in Miiall lots ur as
a whole. Alter we had consulted on the matter, we came
to the conclusion that n would be better toi the Govern-
ment to bell u at pnvate !*ale *' v + * * "We
determined to sell it at p.ivate fab;, that bemrr tbo best lor
the Government, and be tore doing it we dotei untied to make
an estimate of what we thought to be a Kur pi ice or a good
puce. We fixed the pin.v at Alter we had gone
J that fai ; tin* question aio?e an to whom we should tu^toffer
i it to, and we deteimmed to offei it to Mi. Steele, lot these
: rea-ons : he had lived there lor about t . ent.v years, he had
I built him <  hou <*. and. I believe, had po.— Cb&ion ot all the
J pi ivate ptopcity tneie. * ' * * "We
, thought u no moie than ju?tie< that we Mionld tnve him the
1 refusal ol it. We u*d so ; but lie thought the p.ice w< had
i fived wa^ t >o hiL'h. and oflried a les-s >*11111 We told him
| that we could not take le^> than that amount. lie then ac-
' cepted u, and made a.1 agieement u uh us, winch was to
! give $1)0 (300, £30.030 of which \v;i- to be paid on the 10th
j of July, I think, >'30,CO ) on the JOili of July following, and'
j £30,000 on the I0ih of the July next succeeding." * *
i '• Question 37, (by Mt Mokiu& ) Li'vou had been the
I pnvate owner or ihat piopprtyand had desned to M'll it,
j would you have mentioned it to but one individual, and have
j sold it tohim upon your lii-t interview with imn?
' ''Answer. No, «ir; it ithad been tuy own pi ivate prop-
el ty I should have managed it entnely difieiently."
<5 What are the reasons given for selling at pri-
vate sale, or rather at secret sale ? For if there is
any significance in words between " secret" and
" private," the foimor applies to this case. Now,
what is the reason given by these agents why they
sold at secret sale, instead of giving notice to the
community? They say there would have been
a combination to pievent the land from soiling for
I as much as they could get at a secret sale.
; When askerl who told them there would be a
| combination, Me^kell says Major Eastman told
'■ him, and Major Eastman says Hei&kell told him;
'' and when you find out from both who told them,
; it is Dr. Graham who mixed with the people as
■! they say. Dr. Graham, by his own account,
I went to the Secretary of War in this city, stated
' he was going to Minnesota to make some mvest-
j ments, and asked if the Secretary had anything
i for him to do; and the Secretary says " nothing,
unless it be the selling of Fort Snelling.,} But the
i Doctor preferred to be a purchaser, rather than
'! a commissioner for the selling of the reserve.
Before he leaves the city he forms a company
■ with Mather to buy Fort Snelhng, and it is this
! company, thus foimed, composed of Giaham,
; Mather, and Schell; and when they go to Mmne-
II sola they take in Frank Steele, that makes the
'I purchase. How did Dr. Graham know that this
,i reservation was to be sold thus privately '
' | There is no positive evidence that shows that
he did know it. But the evidence shows that they
make this arrangement for its purchase herein
I: Washington, and Mather gets appointed a com-
