2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
wissioner to go to Fort Ripley, and draws the con-
tract for the agents to sell to Steele, and then
returns to Washington to see that the sale is con-
firmed. Dr. Graham says he was going to Minne-
sota to make investments, and that is the reason
he asked the Secretary of War the question he
did. The evidence shows that he had no money*
to put into this company, or, at least, that he did
not put in any, but that Mather and Schell ad-
vanced ail the mopey,and that Dr. Graham's in-
terest in it was to be repaid to them in salary, and
for his services, although they paid nobody else
anysalary.or for any services. Well, what was
done ? As soon as it is determined by the agents
to sell at secret sale, or private sale, as they call
it, they offer the property to Frank Steele before
letting any one else know that it is for sale; and
the only reason given for this course is, because
he lived there, and had an interest fn the reserve,
by reason of living on it. He had no legal rights
there, of course, for he was on the reserve only
by the sufferance of the Government. It is true
that Steele had a house on the reserve, and was
living there; but so had McKenzie. McICcnzie's
property was worth fifteen or twenty thousand
dollars, while Steele's was not worth more tlian
ten thousand dollars, at the highest estimate, and
part of the witnesses put it at six or eight thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. McKenzie was
living in St. Louis. He lived there then, and does
now.
Mr. GROW. I speak from the testimony. I
cannot take the word of any member, however
good it maybe. The evidence is that McKenzie
was living on the reserve, and had a store, a hotel, ,
and other property there. j:
Mr. BURNETT. I am satisfied that the gen- '
tleman from Pennsylvania does not intend to do_!
injustice; and 1 will say to him, that the proof i
shows that McKenzie lived in St. Louis, was not j
on the ground, and that Henry M. Rice was his '
agent. . '
Mr. GROW. Do you say lie had not an mtei-
est there ? :
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Justice to my-
self requires that 1 should make a statement, as I i
interrupted the gentleman when he was alluding i
to Mr. McKenzie. Kenneth McKenzie resides i
in St. Louis, and has done so for many years.
Ho was interested in property on that reserve. :
Mr. GROW. U.w.lly.
Mr. PIIUH'S, ot Missouu. Hut before thin
sale took plane, Mr. .Steele had acquired the whole
interest of MeKenzie.
Mr. GROW. 1 am not arguing on technicali-
ties. It is claimed that this oiler was miule to
Steele, because he had a greater interest ill the |
reserve than any one else, and it will not do (or
iho gentleman to raise the technicality that IVlc- ,
ICenzie was not there in person. 1 believe that j
is true, and that the statement of the gentleineu I
from Missouri [Mr. Piili.fsJ and from Ken- !
tucky, [Mr. Burnett,] as to the whereabouts of j
his person, is correct. I do not cure where he j
was in person. The point is, what was his inter- i
est in this reserve. The evidence is, that Steele j
agreed to pay McKenzie $15,000 for his interest !
there, which is almost twice as much as Steele's Ij
interest alone.
Now, why was this one man selected, and the ,j
sale made to him, when no other citizen knew j
that the property was for sale, or could find out |
anything about it from the Secretary ofWar, even j
on formal application, until the sale was com-
pleted? It is for this conduct that we arraign the I
Secretary of War. It is for the mode and manner I
of the sale. So far as this point is concerned, we j
care not whether the Government got the lull value |
of the property or not. A wrong was done to
other citizens, who wished, or might have been ,
disposed, to purchase the property, by the course
of the Secretary of War and his agents, in select- I
ing this one man, and permitting him to buy it, i
without the knowledge of any one else except his ,
confederates. !
As to McKenzie's interest, a friend calls ray
attention to a portion of the testimony, which I
will read. This is a part of an agreement signed
by Franklin Steele, Archibald Graham, and John
C. Mather, on page 456 of the report of the tes-
timony:
" The said Steele is also further authorized to arrange
with Kenneth McKenzie for his claun; and, if he requires
tine hundred and sixty acres of land, (and in no case is it to
exceed that amount,) he is to be confined to what is known
as the Baker claim; and should the said Steele deem it ad-
visable, he is authorized, instead of deeding him the land
aforesaid, to pay lain, for the relinquishment of his entire
claim, a sum not exceeding $15,000."
This was after the sale. The agents, in their
negotiation with Steele, stipulated with him to
pay McKenzie; and it was understood by them
that Steele was to purchase McKenzie's interest.
Here is further testimony on the subject, which
I read from page 91:
" Question 10, (by Mr. Faulkner.) Did you afford any
opportunity for competition at private sale ?
iiJlnswer. No, sir. Aftor we hail determined to sell it at
private sale, we thought it best, for the reasons! have given,
to offer it to this gentleman. It he had refused, we t-hould
probably then have gone to the next man who owned prop-
erty on the reserve, who was a Mr. MeKenzie. He owned
a hotel there, &C."
That is the testimony of Major Eastman, one
of the commissioners. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Bishop] wished that gentlemen
would have a little common sense. I call his at-
tention to this point, and let us see what he con-
siders common sense. Would the gentleman sell
property of his own by giving notice to but one
person that he wanted to sell it, and sell it to him
nf iho intni'vinvv nml unnil tlw> first ollGF?
at the first interview and upon the first offer?
This witness says that Steele offered $75,000, but
they wanted $15,000 more, and he agreed to give
it, and they sold it to him. Now, where was the
common sense in this transaction ? The facts of
the case stand thus: The Secretary of War has
authority to sell only such reservations as are
useless for military purposes. That is all the au-
thoiity which the Jaw gives him. Without taking
the opinion of military men as to whether the re-
serve is needed or not, he orders its sale, and he
orders its sale in such a manner that but one man
and his associates in the purchase, knows of it,
and ho purchases the property at the first offer.
The House can draw its own deductions from
these facts. It is not my purpose to draw the in-
ffiences legitimately dcducible from the facts dis-
closed in this testimony. Each m<*mbercan draw
them for himself. The citizens of the country, ;
pursuing a lawful business, have been wronged
by the mode and manner of this sale It is of !
that that we complain, and for that that blame i
rests upon the Secretary of War. Whether he ,
did it corruptly or not, is of no consequence ex- i
cept as to the amount of reprobation which the i
act deserves. He violated the law of Congress
i in selling public piopeity needed for public use. j
i He trampled down the lights of the citizens of
: the country, and that, too, under the sanction of j
the President of the United States, by depriving !
them of equal opportunities 111 a fair business
transaction. I
The gentleman from Connecticut complains I
that this side of the House has before, during this j
session, anaiirned the President and executive
officers. Sir, when the time comes that the Rep-
resentatives of the people hcsi' tte to arraign any
executive officer of the Government for a perver-
sion of hia powers under the Constitution, wc
shall be at the verge of the downfall of the Repub-
lic. When the Executive demands of the Repre-
sentative of the people allegiance to him instead
of to the constituency which elected him, and
brings party power and Administration patronage
to overcome his scruples or to convince his judg-
ment, it is time that a warning voice was heard
from the tribunal of the people. It is the duty of
the Representative who is true and loyal to those
who sent him here, and to the convictions of his
heart, to arraign any Executive who demands of
the Representative, as has been done by the pres-
ent Executive, allegiance to himself, instead of
the people whom he ought to represent.
There is but one other point, Mr. Speaker, to
which I desire to refer, and that is as to the value
of the land; though, in my view of this case,
that is of but little consequence, except so far as
it goes to show whether this transaction was an
underhanded and fraudulent one or not. If the
property sold for much less than its value, the sale
being thus secret, it would be still more open to
the suspicion that there was improper collusion
between the power which ordered the sale and the
men who purchased the property. It is in that
view alone, that the amount received for the prop-
erty, compared with its real value, becomes of
great consequence. It is important, so far as it is
a circumstance to fix the character of the trans-
action, whether it was fair and manly, or whether
there was collusion for improper purposes.
Now, as to the value of the property, I shall
cite but few witnesses, and those from both mil-
itary and civil life, in order that we may have the
opinions of each. I read first from the testimony
of Captain James H. Simpson, (page 387,) who
is a captain of the corps of topographical engi-
neers, in the United States Army, and had been
in charge of the Government roads, in Minnesota,
from 1851 to 1856, and was stationed at St. Paul,
a few miles from the fort. I read a part of his
testimony, as to the value of this reservation:*
" Question 2597. Had you any inteiview with either of
the commissioners who'were sent there for the purpose of
selling that reservation?
" Ans-ier. Not previous to the sale,for I was not up at
the fort; hut subsequent to the sale I saw Major Eastman
and had some conversation about it.
" Ques£io/i2598, What was it?
« Answer. lie admitted that tiie sale had taken place,
and he thought the Government had received A fair price
for the land. I told him he could not talk in that way to
me, a person who iiad lived five year3 in Minnesota, and
who knew more about the value of land there than he did.
" Question2602. What, in *our opinion, was the value
of that tiact of land by the acre, taking'it as a whole, in
June, 1837? •
" Answer. If it had been put up in small parcels. I think
some portions of it would have brought $31)0 per acre, and
the lowest price realized for any of it would have been, I
think, about twenty dollars an acre."
To this same point I read from the testimony
of Mr. M. C. Smith, who has resided at Minne-
apolis, a few miles up the river from the fort, for
the past three years, and whose business is deal-
ing in land; page 238, is the following testimony:
" Question 13-11. Are you acquainted with this reserva-
tion, the character of its soil, the number of acres it con-
tain-, and so forth?
u Answer. Yes, sir; pretty definitely, I think. I do not
think the exact number of acres n known. 1 have heard
il more geneially estimated at eight thousand acres. Many
think it will overrun ten thousand.
" Question 1342. Taking into consideration the charac-
ter ot the soil, its location, and everything, what was the
reservation worth per acre for agricultuial purposes at the
tune of the sale?
" Answer. Considered exclusively for agricultural pur-
poses, I thould think it would aveiage about twenty-five
dollars per arte."
Page 239:
u Question 13-19. Do you regard the site of Fort Snelling
as an eligible point tor the location of a city or town ?
. iiAnswe). 1 do.
" Question 1330. What would you say that tract of land
was woith, taking into consideration its advantages as a
town site at that time ?
" Answer. I bhould not put it under four hundred thou-
; sand dollars. I think it was. woitti not fai fiom that."
I This witness seems to be an intelligent man and
well acquainted with the value of property in the
neighborhood.
I now read from the testimony of Hon. Robert
Smith, a member of this House, who speaks from
personal acquaintance of the value of the prop-
erty. I read from page 14G of the report:
Question 319. Did you make an examination in June
for the puipOM} of purchasing the property in the whole or
mpait?
" Ansver. Since 1848 I had been from one to four times
a year in that region. I had, from the fact of my living m
the West, and having rather a mama for land, examined that
reservation always when I was up there. I know thecoun-
tiy there almost <i% well as I do from my dwelling hou^e to
the post office m my town. When I wrote the Secretary
of War, I wrote after having maturely reflected on the sub-
ject, and I say there what I believe. I would have been
willing to have gone to the extent of the money T could
Mi*e in buying that propcity at the price which F stated m
my letter. I \vould have sold property at cash prices, to be
appraised by disinterested persons, to have raised the money
to have pmchased the pioperty at fout times the rate at
which it was sold; that is, at four times eleven dollars per
aeie, tor which 1 have been informed u sold; for I will pay
to the committee that I do not know to-day the price the
piopertv was sold for.
<• Question 320. The property sold for $90,000. Do you
m**an that you would have been willing to have paid four
time* that amount?
"Ansioeu Ye^,sh; I would have gone to the 1 extent
of my pile,' to ut-e a western phrase, to have purchased it
at fout time? $90,000. If it not traveling out of the record,
I will say to the committee, as sincerely as I ever made a
remark m my life, that I think I could have sold that prop-
city last spring, if, when the aei passed la<*t March, I had
been commissioned, with one or two other good, discreet,
sensible men ; we could have cut up the property, and so.d
it tot halfamilhon dollars, making the last payment within
the time 1 am informed the las,t payment is to be made by .
the present purchasers."
He repeats the statement in a subsequent por-
tion of his testimony, that he would have sold
property in Illinois, at cash prices, to be appraised
by three disinterested persons, and have pur-
chased the reservation at four limes the price for
which it was sold.
So far, then, as the value of this prop'erty.is
