LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES,
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-FIFTH CONGRESS
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and holden at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on Mon-
day, the 1th day of December, 1857, and ended Monday, the 14 th day of June, 1858.
James Buchanan, President. John C. Breckinridge, Vice President, and President of the Senate. Benjamin Fitz-
patrick was appointed President of the Senate, pro tempore, March 29, 1858. Jamks L. Orr, Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
Chapter I.—An Act to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
is hereby authorized to cause Treasury notes for
such sum or sums as the exigencies of the public
service may require, but not to exceed, at any
time, the amount of twenty millions of dollars, and
of denominations not less than one hundred dol-
lars for any such note, to be prepared, signed,
and issued in the manner hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That such
Treasury notes shall be paid and redeemed by the
United States, at the Treasury thereof, after the
expiration of one year from the dates of said notes,
from which dates, until they shall be respectively
paid and redeemed, they shall bear such rate of
interest as shall be expressed in said notes, which
rate of interest, upon the first issue,which shall not
exceed six millions of dollars of such notes, shall
be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury, with
the approbation of the President, but shall in no
case exceed the rate of six per centum perannum.
The residue shall be issued, in whole or m part,
after public advertisement of not less than thirty
days, as the Secretary of the Treasury may di-
rect, by exchanging them at their par value for
specie to the bidder or bidders who shall agree to
make such exchange at the lowest rate of inter-
est, not exceeding six per centum, upon the said
notes: Provided, That, after the maturity of any
of said notes, interest thereon shall cease at the
expiration of sixty days'notice of readiness to
pay and redeem the same, which may at any time
or times be given by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in one or more newspapers published at the
seat of Government. The payment or redemp-
tion of said notes herein provided shall be made
to the lawful holders thereof, respectively, upon
presentment at the Treasury, and shall include
the principal of each note and the interest which
shall be due thereon. And for such payment and
redemption, at the time or times herein specified,
the faith of the United States is hereby solemnly
pledged.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That such
Treasury notes shall be prepared under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, and shall
be signed in behalf of the United States by the
Treasurer thereof, and countersigned by the Re-
gister of the Treasury. Each of these officers
shall keep, in a book or books provided for that
549
purpose, separate, full, and accurate accounts,
showing the number, date, amount, and rate of
interest of each Treasury note signed and coun-
tersigned by them, respectively; and also similar
accounts, showing all such notes as may be paid,
redeemed, and canceled, as the same may be re-
turned, all which accounts shall be carefully pre-
served m the Treasury Department. And the
Treasurer shall account quarterly for all such
Treasury notes as shall have been countersigned
by the Register and delivered to the Treasurer
for issue.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, with
the approbation of the President, to cause such
portion of said Treasury notes as may be deemed
expedient to be issued by the Treasurer in pay-
ment of warrants m favor of public creditors or
other persons lawfully entitled to such payment,
who may choose to receive such notes in payment
at par. And the Secretary of the Treasury is fur-
ther authorized, with the approbation of the Pres-
ident, to borrow, from time to time, such sums of
money upon the credit of such notes as the Pres-
ident may deem expedient: Provided, That no
Treasury notes shall be pledged, hypothecated,
sold, or disposed of, in any way, for any purpose
whatever, either directly or indirectly, for any
sum less than the amount of such notes, includ-
ing the principal and interest thereof.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said
Treasury notes shall be transferable, by assign-
ment indorsed thereon, by the person to whose
order the same shall be made payable, accompa-
nied together with the delivery of the notes so
assigned.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said
Treasury notes shall be received by the proper
officers in payment of all duties and taxes laid by
the authority of the United States, of all public
lands sold by said authority, and ol' all debts to
the United States of any character whatever, which
may be due and payable at the time when said
Treasury notes may be offered in payment there-
of; and upon every such payment credit shall be
given for the amount of principal and interest due
on the note or notes received in payment on the
day when the same shall have been received by
such officer.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That every
collector of the customs, receiver of public moneys,
or other officer or agent of the United States,
who shall receive any Treasuty note or notes in
payment on account of the United States, shall
take from the holder of such note or notes a re
ceipt, upon the back of each, stating distinctly
the date of such payment and the amount allowed
upon such note; and every such officer or agent
shall keep regular and specific entries of all Treas-
ury notes received in payment, showing the per-
son from whom received, the number, date, and
amount of principal and interest allowed on each
and every Treasury note received in payment;
which entries shall be delivered to the Treasury,
with the Treasury note or notes mentioned there-
in, and, if found correct, such officer or agent shall
receive credit for the amount, as provided in the
last section of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, au-
thorized to make and issue, from time to time,
such instructions, rules, and regulations to the
several collectors, receivers, depositaries, and all
others who may be required to receive such Treas-
ury notes in behalf of, and as agents in any capa-
city for, the United States, as to the custody, dis-
posal, canceling, and return of any such notes as
may be paid to and received by them, respective-
ly, and as to the accounts and returns to be made
to the Treasury Department of such receipts as
he shall deem best calculated to promote the pub-
lic convenience and security, and to protect the
United States as well as individuals from fraud
and loss.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, au-
thorized and directed to cause to be paid the prin-
cipal and interest of such Treasury notes as may
be issued under this act at the time and times
when, according to its provisions, the same should
be paid. And the said Secretary is further au-
thorized to purchase said notes at par for the
amount of principal and interest due at the time
of the purchase on such notes. And so much of
any unappropriated money in the Treasury as
may be necessary for the purpose is hereby ap-
propriated to the payment of the principal and
interest of said notes.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, in
place of such Treasury notes as may have been
paid and redeemed, other Treasury notes to the
same amount may be issued: Provided, That the
aggregate sum outstanding, under the authority
of this act, shall at no time exceed twenty mil-
lions of dollars: And provided further, That the
power to issue and reissue Treasury notes, con-
