!858«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
giounds thuii those on which I placed my oppo- ■
suion Lst yeai. I tniiik, when the proper nine
(.oiv.ctf, 1 s all be able to demonstrate that no such
act j« necessary. The Senator from Illinois, how-
< ver, takes a different ground. He says the act
necessary. Then, I say, admitting his prom-
ises, there is a necessity fot obeying the act.
Vvrhal! an enabling act totally disregaided and
defects cured afterwards by a popular vote, and
Gil tv.ii the State; and in the next breath tell us that
Kansas cannot come in'because there is no ena-
bling net for her! if (here be such power in the
juopl"of Minnesota, that they may not only make
a constitution without an enabling- act, but in vio-
lation and total disregard to it, I shall want to
know, at the proper time, why the same rule does
unt apply to Kansas?
Hot the Senato"* fiom Massachusetts tells us, as
an argument why we ought to act at oncc on this
subject, that the Legislature has gone on, and that
tin* Governor chosen under this constitution not
yet acted on by Congress, has been signing laws,
and that a Secretary, whose existence under the
constitution has not been ieco nized, lias been
cuun'ersigning them. I should like to inquire of
the Senator if these laws are put in force there.
Are i ho laws thus signed by a Governor unknown
to Congress, and unknown to the President in a
Tei ntory, enforced in Minnesota?
Mr. WILSON. 1 cannot tell whether those
laws are enforced or not. I have heard of laws,
some dozen or twenty, I think, passed, not by
the Tern to i ial Legislature, but by the Lc^isla'ni e
elected under the constitut ion, and signed by ihe
Secrctat v of the TVnitory as acting Governor.
Mr. DOUGLAS, lie n< acting Goveruoi in the
absence of the Governor of the Territory. They
aie ^i^ned by bnn as acting Governor.
Mr. JJROW'N. I did not piecisely understand
it. i supposed the Governor elected under the
new constitution imd signed the laws.
Mi. DOUGLAS. No, sir; but the Secretary
of the Territory, as acting Governor.
Mr. DROWN. I did not know but that you
were getting back to the days of Topeka, and that
sonic such man as Governor Robinson was sign-
ing laws there. AH I desire to add is in refer-
once to a remark uttered by the Senator from
New Hampshire. If Kansas is to bo excluded,
under the circumstances mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, he expressed the hope that
the number of States never would exceed thirty-
one. A m { mistaken ? j
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mi. DROWN. Will the Senator repeat what i
he did say? j
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. I said , that if the Sen- !
ator from Virginia was correctm announcing that ;
that was to be a test, that the admission of Kan- i
sas, under all the objections which exist to her, i
was to l-e made the price of t be admission of any i
State from any quarter, it would be a great while j
before our numeueal number of State's would ex-
ceed thnty-one. That is what I said, exactly.
Mi. BROWN. Thai varies it a little, but 1
think' not a great deal. I can say, however, to ,
the Senator from New Hampshire, that, if one i
rule is ■ o be applied to Kansas, she ask ng ad m is-
sion as a slave Stale, and she js to be excluded on j
that i u'e, and then, when th" same rule applies to ;
Minnesota, she is admitted not withstanding (lie
rule, the nimiijer of States neuer w ill exceed thit fy-
oue. Ii you admit Minnesota and exclude Kan- '
sas, standing on the s one prim iple, the spit it of j
out revolutioikuy fatiiets is utterly exunetif the
Govei inu'jnt can ia.-.t for one shoit twelvemonth, j
1 am sure you will not do it; X entertain no seii- I
ous a;>pudien^inn that you are about to do it; but .
i do not until island this impatience, this exceed- i
inic anxiety to force Minnesota into the Union. J
"When we know that Kansas will be asking for ■
admission, as the Senator from Virginia has al-
ready announced, certainly this week,and pussi- ;
bly to-morrow, why this exceeding haste to put j
Minnesota ahead r Do Republican Senators hope !
to have two moi e Senators oil tins floor to aid them |
in the. exclusion of Kansas? is that what they i
are driving at? If it be, I trust there is a firm- j
nrss and decision on this side of the House that 1
will resist to the bitter end the consummation of [
any such design. I know nothing of the views i
of the two honorable gentlemen asking admission j
on tins lloor as Senators fiom Minnesota. I know ;
not upou which side of this question they will I
vote. I know them to be honorable men, as a}\
of us know them to be. But when 1 find such
exct edmg anxiety on the other side of the Cham-
ber to bi nig them in, I expect that gentleman look
for some aid and comfort from that quarter. They
would haidly manifest such exceeding zeal in get-
ting in two addition.il Senators, if they behoved
they would vote against them, when they came
in, on the vital question of the session. I do not
know that they will vote against us; I do not state
that they will; because, on that question, I know
nothing; but I would rather try this question be-
fore the old Senate, without the addu>on of any
new mateiial. Whether we can carry it is an-
other proposition. What will result to the coun-
try jf we fail, 1 pretend not to say. 1 hope I may
not he misunderstood on that point. What I say
is, that if you admit Minnesota, and Kansas ap-
plies substantially on the same grounds, you must
not exclude her. If Kansas be excluded on ac-
count of irregularities in the formation of her con-
stitution, then let Minnesota be excluded for the
same reason, and there will be peacc all over the
country. Nobody in my section wilt complain,
for an instant, that you apply the same rule to the
one that you apply to the other Our point is,
that you shall not apply one rule for the admis-
sion of a free State,and then exclude a State ask-
ing admission as a slave State on the same prin-
Air. CRITTENDEN". Mr. President, I did
not intend, nor did 1 expect, to say another word
on the subject; but allusions arc made to this side
of the Chamber. Perhaps they are not always in-
tended to tin lude me; but 1 am included in the lan-
guage which gentlemen use. i am on this side
of the Chamber, i sit where I sat twenty years
ago, and i stand where 1 stood twenty years ago,
so inr as principles are concerned.
Air. BROWN. Allow me to interrupt my hon-
orable filend from Kentucky?
Mr. CI!IT r^N DJSN. Certainly.
Mr. IjjtO WN. i suppose the remark of the
Sena'or may by possibility be meant for me. I
am not unawaic of the fact that my fnends fiom
Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] South Carolina,
[Mr. Evans,] and Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] in
common with the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, all southern Senators, sit on the other side
of the Chamber; but when I speak of the other
side, I mean to be understood as speaking of the
Republican members of the Senate, and nobody
else.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not take it in any
sense personal or offensive. I sit where I sat;
and J endeavor to act as 1 always have done, so
as toil) what I think is ri^ht When I suggested
some time ago,in a vei y few remaiks, the propri-
ety that called on us to act on this measure, 1 did
not know that there was any opposition to it
whatever; and though I have heard the remarks
of many gentlemen, I do not yet perceive that
they have any objection to the proceedings that
h ive taken place in Minnesota. Ail has been
regular, to my undeistanding substantially so.
The committee have so reported, and have rec-
ommended the admission of the State on the or-
dinaty terms. I regaided it sum-what in this
stage of the business us a mere fot mal proceeding
on the part of the Senate; and I thought it due
to the b.ate itself, who now, by regular oouise of
law, has arrived at its present condition, and is
eniitkd by lav/ to admission bene if she presents
a rt publican constiiution, and all the conditions .
have been complied with oil her pail, and that we
weie unjustly delaying the admission of her lep- .
recitatives on this floor. 1 thought it due to :
ourselves and to the Constitution or' the United
States; I t bought it due to the State of Minnesota
and to the gentlemen who are her Senaiois, for
sucii they vntjaily are, wiio are in attendance
from that Stat14, that this formality, as I consider
it, shouid begone through witii without delay,
i yet regaid it as such.
i have heaid my honorable friend from Virginia;
I have hiard the honoiable gentleman from Mis- i
SiStiippi, and others; and what do their objections j
amount to? Have they made an objection to the ]
course by which the constitution of Minnesota j
was forme d, or by which it is authenticated? I |
have heard none. It lias been intimated that p?r- I
haps there were some irregularities; hut gentle-1
men do not state that those irregularities would j
control their judgment ou the subject; and yet we i
! are to uelay it. Why, sir, if there are questions
to be settled, they are entitled to a speedy settle-
; men?,; and let us proceed at once to the business,
j Gentlemen suggest that Minnesota is not to be
admitted until Kansas is prepared. In the name
of God, when will that be? She has been pre-
paring now many years for admission here. She
has been the subject of long controversies here.
Why shall we delay the admission of Minnesota
because of the controversies that exist in relation
to Kansas? I can see no reason. Are we not to
proceed in the case of Minnesota, which involves
no question, which involves no objection, until
we can settle a disputable question in respect to
another State that asks foradmission? why are
we to throw into the bottomless sea of troubles
that is around Kansas, this question of the ad-
mission of Minnesota? If that is to be the case,
we shall not now proceed to the consideration of
this subject, and no gentleman can tell me when
we shall be brought to consider it.
Is it just to the State of Minnesota? Is it just
that she, who has approached us in an unques-
tionable shape—in obedience to law—m conform-
ity to the Constitution, and has presented to you
a State constitution sanctioned by a convention,
and sanctioned by an almost unanimous vote of
the people, shall be rejected orstopped at our door,
compelled to wait until somebody else is prepared
foradmission? I see no justice in it; I see no ar-
gument in it; and yet sucfi considerations as these
are supposed by gentlemen that I would, under
ordinary circumstances, say are much more com-
petent to judge than I am, to justify them in with-
holding themselves from acting on this subject,
until another doubtful and questionable event, in
then apprehension, is decided upon.
With' all these arguments and views, and in
almost every argument and controversy that I
now witness on this floor, are mingled, to give
them strength and point, either prognostics of the
overthrow of this Government, or threats against
its existence. This is the common strengthening
means now thrown into every argument here.
While we prize the Union, while we would, I am
sure, and the very gentlemen who use this lan-
guage would do all they could to preserve and
perpetuate the Constitution and the Union, there
is not a day that we are not doomed to listen here,
over and over again, to threats of its overthrow;
predictions made, little prophecies thrown out,
that to-day, or to-morrow, or at some day near
at hand, this Government is to be no more. Sir,
this is the most unfortunate and ominous sign
that exists in the whole country, in my judg-
ment. If such language can be familiarly used, and
thrown into every argument as a make-weight—
as a dust in the balance—if these threats can be
made here against the existence of the Union, and
if they call have any effect upon the people of this
country, then, indeed, sir, we may well apprehend
that it cannot hist long. I hope it will last for-
ever; and if nobody threatened it until I did, it
would last forever. [Applause in the galleries.]
Yes, sir, and it will last much longer than gentle-
men bete, by continual repetition and reflection,
and meditation, believe to be so near at hand;
and it would last much longer, perhaps, but for
these meditations. They prize it so highly that
the remotest danger affects them; and they forth-
with beicin to prophecy that its end is near at
hand; or they are provoked at something which
is clone which they think is adverse to the inter-
ests of the Republic and the Union, and then they
threaten; but all this is promoting the very pur-
pose and the very end against which I know, in
their heai t, they aie opposed, and with their hands
would oppose.
We should do well, I think, to throw out of all
our ordinary course of argument these threats
and these prophecies. I believe the Union is to
jive, not because I wish it, or you wish it, sir, but
it is to live forages; I believe it is enshrined in
the hearts of the people, and they will be us sus-
(ainersand maintainors even if we should be rec-
reant to the part we aie to act, and desire its over-
throw. It is not m our power—thank God it is
not in the power of the Senate, or of the Congress
of the United States to overthrow this Govern-
ment; and I rejoice in it. [Applause in the gal-
leries.]
Mr. MASON. 1 trust the order of the Senate
will be preserved. This is not the first occasion
since I have been here, by many, when the order
