1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
508
ation according to the population she might have
under the ratio of 1850, cannot now be determ-
ined; it is not returned. No Senator here pres-
ent can say what her representation ought to be.
The pledge, the promise, the guarantee, cannot
be cariied out, because you have not the facts;
the census returns have not come in. 1 desire
delay, so that we may be prepared to do justice
to that Territory, and to execute the pledge which
we made in the passage of the Minnesota en-
abling act, as it has been latterly called; and this
was the ground of my opposition—not because I
wanted to threaten the Union; and here let me
say, this Union cannot be sustained by singing
songs to its praise. If we find the car of the Re-
public sunk in the mire, and get down on our
knees and sing praises to it, and call on the gods
to aid us, and put not our own shoulders to the
wheel, it will never be extricated from the diffi-
culty. We must go to work, and when difficul-
ties beset us we must meet them and ward them
off, and protect it, in imitation of our fathers who
have gone before us. This is the only method
of preserving this glorious Union.
Minnesota has not complied with the enabling
act. 1 present that, not as an objection to her ad-
mission when the facts are brought before us,
which will enable us to act'definitely as statesmen
in the premises. There is not one Senator present
who can say how many Representatives she shall
have—not one.
I never authorized the report that has been
made. The honorable Senator from Illinois, I
suppose, felt himself authorized to make it; but I
believe a majority of the committee to-day dissent
from him In opinion. He was authorized to con-
sult the absent members of the committee, and
if they agreed to it, to make the report. That
assent was given in the manner which he has ex-
plained. It was because the Senator frnn Ala-
bama had not the physical ability to make the
requisite examination, and permitted the report
to be made under the promise that he should still
have an opportunity to examine it. Now, when
that honorable Senator says he has not been able,
from physical debility, to make the'examination,
and is not prepared this day to vote for or against
the bill, and. when the report was made under the
sanction which the Senator from Illinois was just-
ified in assuming, surely to press the bill under
such circumstances is doing injustice to the Sen-
ator from Alabama.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Missouri if every member of the committee
was not present when we agreed on all the prop-
ositions in the report, and what the form of the
bill should be, and that the facts should be set out
in the report?
Mr. GREEN. I will answer, as soon as you
are through, by a brief narrative.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that question because
my understanding of the facts is that every mem-
ber of the committee was present, and they all
agreed that a bill should be reported. They dif-
fered on the second section, as to how many
members were to be allowed. 1 understood each
member, except the Senator from Missouri, to in-
struct me to putin that second section, he dissent-
ing alone, according to my understanding, out of
seven members; six one way, and one the other.
Then we adjourned to another meeting, when I
was to read the report. When the report was
read, perhaps two members were absent, the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] and the Sen-
tor from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick;] each
person present agreed that the report was as it
was instructed to be drawn, the Senator from
Missouri still reserving his objection as to the
question of the census; but every other member
agreed that the report had been drawn as it was
agreed at the previous meeting it should be, when
the vote stood slx to one. That is the fact.
Mr. GREEN. I dislike any question of fact
or differences of opinion existing in regard to
facts, to be raised m the Senate at any time. I
shall give what did occur in as few words as pos-
sible, and about which I suppose there will be no
difference of opinion. When the committee was
in session, it was agreed that a report should be
drawn in a certain manner. It was also agreed
by a majority that a bill should be prepared in a
certain manner; and a subsequent meeting was to
have the submission of the bill and the report of
facts made to them. At this subsequent meeting
there were but four members present—the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] the Senator from Atkansas, [Mr.
Sebastian,] and myself. The Senator from Ar-
kansas and myself agreed that our opposition to
the bill could not be overcome without a report of
facts from the Secretary of the Interior showing
the census. We did not concur in the bill, but
we all agreed that the honorable Senator from
Illinois had drawn his report in accordance with
the facts, as we understood them. We objected
to the reporting of a bill, because we did not be-
lieve it was justice, or in conformity with the en-
abling act authorizing the people of Minnesota to
form their constitution and State government. It
however was agreed that the Senator should sub-
mit it to the absent members of the committee,
and that, if they concurred in the bill thus framed,
it might be reported. Whether they did or not is
for them to say, and not for me. One of them has
spoken, and explained the circumstances under
which he permitted it to be reported. While I
refer to that with no view of censuring the Sena-
tor from Illinois, I state it as a reason why this
matter should not be pressed with unnecessary
haste on the consideration of that Senator who,
from sickness, has been unable to turn his atten-
tion to it up to the present period of time, and
because another Senator on the same committee,
the Senator from Arkansas, coinciding w-ith me,
is now sick, and has sent me word this day that
he is not able to come to the Senate.
Here is a grave question as to the representa-
tion, as to the proportion of influence which this
inchoate State is to exercise in the councils of the
nation, to your detriment, to my detiimcnt, to the
lessening of the equality of the States now in the
Union; and when a great question like that is to
be considered, surely those specially charged with
its investigation oughtto have the small privilege,
when they are kept away by sickness, of having
it deferred until they can have an opportunity to
be present.
I will state that the returns are not complete,
and I was unwilling to report any bill until they
were complete, or until the opportunity to com-
plete them was closed, and we resorted to other
evidence to ascertain what the population of Min-
nesota was. I am not willing to trust the repre-
sentation to which Minnesota may be entitled, to
the other wing of this Capitol. I hold it to be the
duty of Congress to say, when they admit Min-
nesota, what the number of her Representatives
shall be; whether one, two, or three. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois is mistaken when he
says he reported this bill in accordance with the
bill of 1850, leaving it to the House of Representa-
tives to determine how many members she should
have. That was not the bill of 1850 The bill
of J 850 that fixed the apportionment, required the
Secretary of the Interior to determine the number
of members each State should have.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My meaning was this: leav-
ing it a matter of addition of figures, as it was
under the act of 1850, instead of specifying the
number in the law.
Mr. GREEN. Very well. I am not willing to
do even that. New States may be admitted; and
cach State shall have at least one Representative.
These are provisions of the Constitution; and Con-
gress,at the time of the admission, must say how
many Representatives each shall have. Each State
must have two Senators, as fixed by the Constitu-
tion. The number of representatives is to be fixed
by the act of admission, according to the ratio, and
that ratio depending on the previous ratio estab-
lished for the Representatives of the old States.
Look at the advantage which will be given to Min-
nesota if you admit them now, and let them go on
taking the census for twelve months to come. Is
that the way, or to what period will you fix it?
At what point of time will you limit it? Every
State in this Republic had her ratio fixed accord-
ing to the population of 1850. Since that time the
honorable Senator's State has increased more than
half a million, without a single additional Repre-
sentative, without any voice m the councils of the
nation? Since that time, my State has increased
more than three hundred thousand without any
additional Representative, without any additional
voice in the councils of the nation. Now, when
we propose to admit Minnesota, we must fix the j
period of time. It must come up to the time of i
admission, and we must fix the degree of influ-
ence which she is to exert on the councils of the
nation at that time, and not leave the door open
for an unlimited space of time. If they are to go
on, the population may increase fourfold before
they close the census; and they may bring in five,
or eight, or ten Representatives at the other end
of the Capitol. It is not right. It is not right for
us to close the census before we admit the State,
and give them a fair opportunity to bring them in.
As there remain, I think, but seven counties, as
we have reason to believe that those returns will
come in within a very short period of time, and
as we can then discharge our constitutional duty,
and as we cannot discharge that constitutional
duty in the absence of this information, I have
asked for this postponement. I have objected to
the displacement of the great bill for the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad, and I am sorry to find
the great advocate of that road acquiescing in the
taking up of this bill. Though the eastern end
dodges Missouri, and though the western end
terminates where it cannot benefit us acent; though
we are cut off as exiles and orphans in this Gov-
ernment, still I had hoped to bring it up for con-
sideration, and not to see its peculiar friend and
advocate disposed to let this bill take its place and
be pushed forward with so much facility. I hope
this bill will not be taken up.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator allude tome?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. He is mightily mistaken. Iam
not going to give it up.
Mr. GREEN. I hope not.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. When I had the hon-
or of addressing the Senate this morning 
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask my friend from Alabama
to yield to allow me to make an explanation to
my friend from Illinois. In a few remarks sub-
mitted by me in the earlier part of the debate, I
assumed that the Senator from Illinois had taken
the ground that an enabling act was necessary to
a Territory in the formation of a State constitu-
tion. I based that declaration on his opening
speech in the debate, in which I thought I was not
mistaken; and upon recurring to the-spccch I find
that I was right. I do not know that the Sena-
tor expressed himself in the precise language in
which his maturer judgment would require him
to express an opinion; but in that speech beyond
all question he did take the ground that an ena-
bling act was necessary. That speech is the
one upon which I based my remarfc, and I was
not aware that he had qualified it in such broad
terms as he states to-day that he has done in the
debates which followed. I have in my hand a
copy of that speech. Said the Senator:
" A Territorial Legislature possesses whatever power its
organic act gives it, and no more. The organic act of Ar-
kansas provided that the legislative "power should be vested
m The Territorial Legislating the same as the organic act
of Kansas provides that the legislative power and authority
shall be vested m the Legislature. Bat what is the extent
of that legislative power? It is to legislate for that Terri-
tory under the organic act, and in obedience to it. It does
not include any power to subvert the organic act under
which it was brought into existence. It has the power to
protect it, the power to execute it, the power to carry it into
effect; but it has no power to subvert, none to destroy : and
hence that power can only be obtained by applying to Con-
gress, the sanu authority which created the Territory it-
self."
Now, sir, according to the Senator, when the
Territorial Legislature provides for forming a con-
stitution, that is an actof subversion. It is asub-
version of the organic act, because it proposes
the substitution of altogether a different form of
government; and I understood the Senator to say
distinctly in that speech that that could not be
done (for that was the point in controversy) with-
out applying directly to Congress for the power
to do it; in other words, that when the Territo-
rial government was to give way and a State
government to be substituted, that could be done
by the authority of Congress and in no other
manner. Upon another page of the same speech,
the Senator, after speaking of Arkansas again,
used this language:
''If you apply these principles to the Kansas convention,
I you find that it had no power to do any act as a convention
fowling a government; you find that the act calling it was
null and void from the beginning; you find that the Legis-
lature could conferno power whatever on the convention."
Why? Because it had not been authorized by
Congress; there was no enabling act. The actof
the Legislature calling a convention, said the Sen-
ator, was absolutely null and void from the be-
ginning. It could be null and void but for one
