1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2613
unfounded then, and I pronounce it unfounded
now. i t had its origin in party malice, for a party
purpose, which it failed to accomplish.
Sir, the people of Minnesota have given the lie
to this contemptible falsehood, by elevating Mr.
Sibley to the gubernatorial chair of that State.
Mr. GROW. The evidence shows that he was
connected with it.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I say that the evidence
shows no such thing;.
Mr. GROW. The evidence shows that he was
to have thirty acres of the reservation at the price
paid for it by the purchasers.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. He was to have thirty
acres of the land at the same price, because he
agreed with the parties interested, after the pur-
chase from Government had been consummated,
to sustain a ferry from Fort Snelling to the south
side of the Minnesota river. Rut, sir, I was go-
ing on to speak of the effect of this Fort Snelling
" swindle " on the politics of that State. I have
seen a paper—and I presume some gentleman in
this Hall now has it—dated the 25th May, I think,
published at St. Paul, that claims to be the lead-
ing organ of the Republican party of the State of
Minnesota—a lying, vituperative, and venal press
—which for the past year has been constantly en-
gaged in vilifying the character of every promi-
nent Democrat in the State, and every respecta-
ble Republican, too, who. has had the manliness
and independence to speak and act for himself. I
say I have read, in such a paper, a letter addressed
to the editor from a distinguished member of Con-
gress, in which he states that the committee on
the Fort Snclhng swindle would report in a few
days, and that he would send him a copy of the
testimony. For what purpose, sir? For no other
purpose than that for which it was used in the
canvass last fall—to make political capital of, as a
great political machine for the purpose of carry-
ing the State against the Democratic party.
Now, a word about the reservation. I know
Fort-Snelling from one end to the other; I have
been all over it, all around it. Gentlemen have
complamcd here, and have undertaken to censure
the Secretary of War because this reservation
was sold secretly. Now, sir, what has been the
history of all the public sales of military reser-
vations? I would like to ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin how much they got for Fort Winne-
bago, which was sold a few years ago at public
auction, and which was nearly as valuable as Fort
Sneihng? It was sold for f,5 40 per acre. I ask,
again, how much did Fort Jesup, which was sold
a few years ago, bring the Government? it was
sold at public auction for $3 8S per acre. And I
go further: after the sale of Fort Snelling, the
Fort Ripley reservation, up the Mississippi river,
in Minnesota, containing several thousand acres
of valuable land, was sold at public auction, and
brought from half a cent to ten cents per acre.
Mr. GROW. That sale was set aside.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. It was set aside because
of the inadequacy of the price which it brought
at public auction.
Mr. DAWES. Who sold that reservation?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Major Eastman.
Mr. DAWES. Y%s, it was sold by Major
Eastman as a back-fire on the sale of Fort Snell-
ing.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman say
that Major Eastman and Mr. Heiskell sold the
Fort Rtpley reservation?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir. Those gentlemen
sold the Fort Snelling reservation at secret sale.
Major Eastman afterwards sold Fort Ripley at
"public auction, or at least went through the form
of a sale, which was set aside in order to show that
the sale of Fort Snelling was more successful.
Mr. LETCHER. Why was it set aside ? Was
it not on account of inadequacy of price, growing
out of the mode of sale adopted ?
Mr. DAWES. 1 have no doubt in the world
it was sold just as Major Eastman intended it
should be bold, to accomplish the purpose I have
stated. ,
Mr. LETCIIER. I would like to know by what
authority the gentleman undertakes to charge that
Major Eastman has been guilty of that species of
corruption in the sale of Fort Ripley? Is there
a particle of evidence going to justify the charge ?
Is there one solitary, isolated fact stamped upon
the record to sustain the charge?
Mr. DAWES. That is the inference which I
draw from the testimony. The gentleman is at 1
liberty to draw such inferences as he chooses. ;
Mr. LETCPIER. I do not ask for inferences; j
I ask for facts. * Here is a charge impeaching the I
character of Major Eastman, and I want the facts
upon which it is based.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is at liberty,
and is bound, to draw just such inferences from
the facts presented here as his own judgment shall
require. I, sir, have the same liberty, and am
responsible only for the honest exercise of that
judgment. I state my own opinions, founded
upon the evidence in this case.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman if there
is one particle of evidence which implicates Major
Eastman, or which complicates Major Eastman,
or which involves his character or conduct in the
sale of Fort Ripley, in anyway? If there is, I
should be very glad if the gentleman would refer
to it.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I believe I shall have to
stop this side discussion.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow the gentleman from Massachusetts to re-
spond.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. I have to repeat that the testi-
mony, taken as a whole, brings the conviction
upon my nund as I have stated it here. I have
no doubt that the pressing necessity growing out
of the circumstances of this case, which has led
the Secretary to fortify himself, even after this re-
port had been made here in this House, by a board
of Army officers, also led to the sale of Fort j
Ripley in the manner m which it was sold, which, ,
after the form had been gone through with, was i
set aside for the purpose of satisfying the clamor !
of the public, as the only possible way of con- j
cealing the impropriety of the secret sale of Fort j
Snelling made to political favorites. j
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from j
Massachusetts to state, for the information of the \
House, whether this back-fire of which he speaks i
was so managed as to exclude any person from j
bidding at the sale of Fort Ripley; and whether j
there was not a* combination formed which pre- !
vented the land from selling at any higher price ?
Mr. DAWES. I must refer the gentleman to
his own Secretary of War for an answer to his
question. It was very easy to have taken such
; precautions as would have prevented a combina-
tion being formed to defeat a fair sale.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. The Republican candidate
for Speaker of the next House of Representatives
desires the rules to be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment; for I am satisfied that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will
take back what he has said when he understands
the facts. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
o-entleman from Pennsylvania to object.
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman is in favor
of getting at the truth, I hope that he will not ob-
ject.
Mr. GROW. I will say, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 object to the Republican
candidate for Speaker, making any speech out of
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I consider the remark
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts as
entirely gratuitous. I do not believe that he has
the slightest foundation for making it. I know
there is nothing in the record upon which to base
it. If the Secretary of War gets a fair price for
a piece of land, whether at public or private sale,
of course it will not suit the Republicans, and they
must impute fraud in the transaction. They con-
stantly cry " fraud ! fraud!" Perhaps it may bo
that we shall forget the corruption exposed on the
part of the other side at the last session.
Here was the Fort Ripley reservation. That
! was sold at public auction after due advertisement
I in the public papers, and it sold from a half cent
1 un to ten cents per acre. Neither sale, however,
land neither position, satisfies these gentlemen,
, who seem not to b'e wilting to be satisfied. Do
they want a public sale? As I have said, they
have had it at Fort Ripley. Do they want a pri- *
vate and secret sale? They have had it at FWt
Snelling. The honorable Mr. Becker, who was
elected a member and entitled toa seat on the floor
of this House, from the State of Minnesota, in a
remark before the committee, embraces the whole
thing in a nutshell. He says that " there is an
unwritten history of the West in these land spec-
ulations.5' I attended a public sale of land in
Iowa. I did not own an acre there, and I did not
buy any. I sew farming land run up to $190 75
per acre. Why ? For the purpose of plastering
it over next morning with land warrants bought
in the city of New York at eighty cents per acre.
Gentlemen from the West know of these combi-
nations, and I say that no officer, even though he
be as pure as an archangel, can avoid and destroy
these combinations in any other way than by
withdrawing the whole parcel of land from sale,
which he has no authority to do.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker ■
Mr. GROW. I object to any interruption.
Mr. HUGHES. I only got up to draw the fire
of the Republican candidate for Speaker.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] made some allusions
this morning to the people of Minnesota, and
especially to the people of St. Paul. I will tell
him that I live one hundred and fifteen miles from
St. Paul, and have no interest in the growth or
prosppnty of that city, save a pride that every
man should feel m the welfare of every portion
of h's State. He said that the people there sup-
posed that was " the great hub round which the
world revolved." He sneered at. them. I will
toll him that there is more hie and energy and
progress m that one city of the State of Mirme-
i sota than there is m the entire fossil State lie
j represents upon this floor. Look back at St.
I Paul ten years ago ! Then it was a mere trading
1 station, surrounded with thousands of vagabond
and savage Indians, and with here and there a
birch canoe, a "dug-out," or a stray steamer
: upon the river's side. Now it is a city of fifteen
i thousand inhabitants, compactly and elegantly
i built. There,sir,religion has erected her altars;
< there, too, have art, science and literature their
i votaries; education, refinement, and all the best
1 characteristics of the oldei cities of the Union are
■ to be found theie.
Commerce, too, with its busy and ever active
i hands and energy, has buil.t its temples upon the
' banks of that mighty nvt-r, which, nineteen hun-
i died miles below, empties Us waters into the At-
! lantic. Is there nothing in all this, sir, of which
: the people of St. Paul may not feel justly proud?
1 Only ten miies above are the twin sisters, Min-
neapolis and St. Anthony, joined together by a
■ work of artthatthc gentleman cannotfmd an equal
; for in his own State. Those cities have ten thou-
; sand inhabitants. He will find there, too, the
i finest water power upon God's broao earth, which,
j by the energv of Minneso'ians, has been made
| useful in mechanical industry in driving the busy
I wheels of the mills, shops, and factories at the
i falls of fSf. Authony.
You will find theie, ^Ist, the University of Min-
nesota, a sypeistructuro of which even the State
■ of Vermont might feel justly proud.
"We are a laboiing, a living people there, and
wc believe we are just as good as are to be found
: elsewheic m the Union. Improvements and en-
terprise and progress are not confined to the places
I have mentioned. On the Mississippi, up the
valley of the Minnesota, in the interior, north and
south, are thuving cities, towns, and villages;
splendid farms, eulnvated fields—all the evidences
of a prosperous, happy, and intelligent people.
' And all this, sir, has been accomplished in eight
or nine yeais. _
,: The i-entleman says that we believe the State
: of Minnesota to be the greatest in the Union.
' Even were this true, I should not look upon it as
pi very seri'ius crime. The gentleman's remarks
■ ' only show the feelings of the older and fossilized
' Stales ogamstthoyoungandgrowing West. The
youn*, the enterprising, the cncrgetic, the men
l: with 'living blood m their veins, are the founders
!j of new States. And therefore I do not wonder
J j at the jealousy manifested by the East, for it feels
|j that the scepter is departing from Judah." Sir,
!• we may well feel proud of the progress of Mirt-
neSota. In 1849, her entire population was four
