552
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ident and directors of Georgetown College be,
and they are hereby, authorized and empowered
to convey to the said president and directors of
Gonzaga College and their successors forever,
who are hereby authorised and empowered to re-
ceive the same, such lands and property., and such
estate, real, personal, or mixed, as the said pres-
ident and directors of Georgetown College may
receive, or may have received, for the use or
benefit of said president and directors of Gon-
zaga College.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
this said corporation to issue any note, token,
device, scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be
used as a currency.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each of
the corporaters in said corporation shall be held
liable, in his individual capacity, for all the debts
and liabilities of said corporation, however con-
tracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit, as
other debts or liabilities, before any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Sec. 6. Andbeitfurther enacted.That Congress
may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
the foregoing act.
Approved, May 4, 1858.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to incorporate the Benev-
olent Christian Association of Washington
City.
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That each of the Christian churches
in the city of Washington, without distinction of
sect or creed, be, and they are hereby, authorized,
on or before the last day of August of each and
every year, to appoint one person, and that the
person so appointed, and their successors be, and
they are hereby, made a body-politic and cor-
porate, under the name and style of " The Be-
nevolent Christian Association of Washington
City," and, as such, may purchase, have, hold,
use, and acquire, by donation or any lawful moans,
estate, real and personal, not exceeding two hun-
dred thousand dollars in value, and the same may
lease, let, sell, transfer, and convey, and other-
wise dispose of; and may sue and be sued, and
plead and be impleaded; and may have-a common
seal, and the same may change at pleasure; and
may make by-laws, rub s, and regulations for the
management of their affairs
Sbc. 2. And he it further enacted, That the pur-
pose of the said association shall be to relieve the
wants of the destitute poor of Washington city;
nnd that the persons named as aforesaid by the
several Christian churches, shall he directors of
thi- said association, and continue in office until
the first day of October in each year, and until
their successors be appointed, and as such shall
have power to appoint appropriate olficeis, and
to employ and compensate such agents as they
deem expedient, and to appropriate the funds
and property of the association to such use ns in
their discretion they deem best suited to promote
the purpose of their incorporation,and with this
view they may associate with them as auxiliaries,
under such rules and regulations as they may
prf-scnbe, any other and all such benevolent as-
sociations or societies as now exist, or may
hereafter be organized in the city of Washing-
ton for the purpose of aiding or contributing to
the relief of the poor and destitute persons in
said city.
3. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the saul coiporation to issue any note, token,
device, sctip, or any other evidence of debt, to
be used as a currency.
^uc. And be it further enacted, That each of
the eoiporators in said corporation shall be held
liable, in his individual capacity, for all the debts
m.a labilities of said corporation, however con-
tru:t<d incurred, to be recovered by suit, as
othe: deVb ot liabilities,before any court of cum-
pttf nt iiu'isdiction.
JSm.. f>. Andhe it farther enacted, ThatCongrcss
may at .my time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
tho for^g< mg act.
Approi i n, May 4, 1858
Chap. XXV.—An Act to supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, to supply^ defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-eight, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
namely:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary,
in the service of the House of Representatives,
viz: Six messengers, by resolution of the House
of Representatives twenty-third December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, three thousand nine
hundred and thirteen dollars.
For folding documents, including pay of fold-
ers, wrapping paper, twine, and paste, twenty
thousand dollars.
For furniture for Speaker's room, and commit-
tee rooms, Clerk's offices, Sergeant-at-Arms' of-
fice, Doorkeeper's room, and carpenters work,
thirty thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand dollars.
For laborers, by resolution of the House of
Representatives, twenty-third December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, two thousand dol-
lars.
For stationery, four thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle horses, one
thousand five hundred dollars. ~
To enable John C. Rives to pay to thifreporters
of the House for reporting the debates of the
present session of Congress, the usual additional
compensation of eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand-dollars.
Army.—for the regular supplies of the quarter-
master's department, consisting of fuel for the
officers, enlisted men, guard, hospitals, store-
houses, and offices; forage in kind forthe horses,
mules, and oxen of the quartermaster's depart-
ment at the several posts and stations, and with
the armies in the field; for the horses of the two
regiments of dragoons, the two regiments of cav-
alry, the regiment of mounted riflemen, the com-
panies of light artillery, and such companies of
infantry as may be mounted,and for the author-
ized number of officers' horses when serving in
the field and at the outposts; of straw, for soldiers'
bedding, and of stationery, including company
and other blank books for the Army, certificates
for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay
and quartermaster's departments; and for the
printing of division and department orders, Army
regulations, and reports, seven hundred and sev-
enty-eight thousand dollars.
For the purchase of horses for the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the two regiments of cavahy,
the icginient of mounted riflemen, the companies
of light aitillery, and such infantry as it may be
found necessary to mount at the frontier posts,
two hundred and fifty-two thousand dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quarter-
master's department, consisting of postage on let-
ters and packages received and sent by officers of
the Army on public service, expenses of courts-
martial and courts of inquiry, including the ad-
ditional compensation to judge advocates, record-
ers, members, and witnesses, while on that ser-
vice, under the act of March sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and two; extra pay to soldiers employed
under the direction of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in the erection of barracks, quarters, store-
houses, and hospitals; the construction of roads,
and other constant labor, for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second,
, eighteen bundled and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including those
1 employed as clerks at division and department
headquarters; expenses of expresses to and from
the frontier posts and armies in the field; of es-
corts to paymasters, other disbursing officers, and
trains, when military escorts cannot be furnished;
expenses of the interment of non-commissioned
officers and soldiers; authorized office furniture;
hire of laborers m the quartermaster's depart-
ment, including hire of interpreters, spies, and
guides for the Army; compensation of elerk[s]
to officers of the quartermaster's department; com-
pensation of forage and wagon masters, author-
ized by the act of July fifth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight; for the apprehension of deserters,
and the expenses incident to their pursuit; the
following expenditures required for the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry,
the regiment of mounted riflemen, and such com-
panies of infantry as may be mounted, viz: the
purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and
shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and nails,
iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary sur-
geons, medicines for horses and mules, picket
ropes, and shoeing the horses of those corps, one
hundred and ninety thousand dollars.
For constructing barracks and other buildings
at posts which-it may be necessary to occupy
during the year; and for repairing, altering, and
enlarging buildings at the established posts, in-
cluding hire or commutation of quarters for offi-
cers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops,
of storehouses for the safe-keeping of military
stores, and of grounds for summer cantonments;
for encampments and temporary frontier stations,
eighty thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving either by land
or water; of clothing, camp, and garrison equip-
age from the depot at Philadelphia to the several
posts and Army depots; horse equipments, and
of subsistence from the places of purchase and
from the places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may re-
quire it to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores,
and small arms, from the founderies and armories
to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and
Army depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and fer-
riages; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules,
and oxen, and the purchase and repair of wagons,
carts, drays, ships, and other sea-going vessels
and boats'for the transportation of supplies and
for garrison purposes; for drayage and cartage at
the several posts; hire of teamsters; transporta-
tion of funds for the pay and other disbursing
departments; the expense of sailing public trans-
ports on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico,
and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for procuring
water at such posts as from their situation re-
quire that it be brought from a distance; and for
clearing roads and removing obstructions from
roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent which
may be required for the actual operations of the
troops on the frontier, five million four hundred
thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind, one million two hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, geograph-
ical explorations and reconnoissances for military
purposes, five thousand dollars.
Miscellaneous.—For contingent expenses of the
northeast Executive building, viz: for fuel, light,
and repairs, one thousand dollars.
For the erection of stables and conservatory at
the President's House to replace those about to
! bo taken down to make room for the extension
! of the Treasury building, three thousand nine
!| hundred and five dollars.
11 For surveying the public lands and private land
jj claims m California, including office expenses in-
11 cident to the survey of claims, and to be disbursed
at the rates prescribed bylaw for the different
il kinds of work, being the amount of surveying
;j liabilities incurred by the surveyor general during
'j the fiscal year ending thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, over and above that au-
ii thorized under the appropriation of fifty thousand
'! dollars for that period, two hundred and twenty
'i thousand dollars.
; For payment to clerks temporarily employed
j m the Post Office Department on account of the
I extraordinary labors connected with the lettmgs
'< of new contracts for the term commencing on the
.! first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and
,, the increase of business m the inspection and
j depredation office of said Department, five thou-
', sand two hundred and eighteen dollars and eighty-
i nine cents.
:i For lighting the President's House and Cap-
i itol, the public grounds around them, and around
