2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J ufie 1,
. thousand nine hundred and forty. Now it is nearly
or quite two hundred thousand bouIs. In soil,
climate, natural resources, and all the elements
that go to make up a great and prosperous State,
we are not inferior to the most favored portion of
this broad Union. Again, I say, we have a right
to be proud. We have wrested this country, as
it were, from the very clutch of the savage. We
have made it to bloom and blossom as the rose.
All the substantial institutions of the older States
we have in our midst, but we may lack those
higher ones that wealth cannot buy. We have
every means and facility for the purposes of ed-
ucation and the growth of the arts and sciences.
We have there all the appliances of civilization
and growthth'cy have in any other State. This
much I felt bound to say in reply to the gentle-
man from Vermont.
One word more about this Fort SneUtng prop-
erty, and I have done. I would like somegentleman
upon the other side to state how long ago it was
when the last attack was made upon the white
settlements near Fort Snelling? Standing at the
commandant's door, the eye can scan a circle of
forty miles, and look down upon a population of
thirty thousand souls.
Go a little further. Of what use was this Fort
Snelling at the time of the massacre last March ?
Why, it was more than one hundred and fifty
miles from the scene of slaughter. Would you
send troops in March up the valley of the Min-
nesota, to stop the forays of the Indians? No,
sir; but if Fort Snelling had been dismantled long
ago, and if the Army had been sent to Fort Ridge-
ly, where it properly belonged, these murders
and atrocities would not have been perpetrated.
Look again, to August last, when five thousand
Indians bid defiante to Major Sherman and his
battery. Why did not Major Sherman fight them
then? Because he had to send one hundred and
twenty-five miles to Fort Snelling, to bring up
the men who were lying there idle for months.
1 know the facts, because I accompanied the
troops myself from Fort Snelling up to the south
bend of the Minnesota river. Fort Snelling is a
very elegant appanage to very elegant gentlemen,
who have a very elegant place for parade and
show.
But some gentlemen say that the land is good
for farming business. It lias been just stated
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phei.ps,]
that over two thousand acres of this land arc ut-
terly worthless, and yet they say it is good for
agricultural purposes. It is,as the gentleman from !
Massachusetts says, a level, beautiful spot; one
of the must magnificent spots on the earth Hut.
the gentleman from Vermont says that the land
ought not to have been disposed of because it is
wanted as a military post for the protection of the
frontier of Minnesota. Now, for the last eight or
ten years the people of Minnesota have not called
on the United States Governmcntto protect them
in anything. They are abundantly able to pro-
tect themselves. It is absurd to say that Fort
Snelling is to keep the Winnebagoes in subjec-
tion. Seventeen hundred of these Indians reside
in the valley of the Minnesota, ninety-five miles
above Fort Snelling, wher<?thcy are quietly pass-
ing their time on their reservation.
Were it not, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of
being used as an electioneering document, this re-
port would never havo been made. And I say
further, that I believe this committee would never
have been created, had it not been for a feeling of
disappointment which certain gentlemen enter-
tained because they did not have a slice of this
reservation.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I desire to ask the
gentleman, as it has been charged in hireling!
presses that my course was dictated by dis.ip- !
pointment in not becoming the purchaser of this j
reservation, whether he alludes to me in that con-
nection ?
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to object. j
Mr. GROW. I only object when there is a ,
want of courtesy.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, I object out of cour-
tesy to the gentleman frOm Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAvANAUGH. I am only now speaking
as to the course of some of the leaders of the Re-
publican party in my own State.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois rose to a personal explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I understand the i
gentleman from Minnesota to say that his remark
applied to persons in his own State. Is that so ?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Yes; and to gentlemen
who have spoken here. After the sale was made,
distinguished and leading members of the Repub-
lican party in that State used it as a cat's-paw to
pull their hot political chestnuts out of the ashes.
Now, so far as Minnesota is concerned, and her
people, this is a transaction between the Secretary
of War and one of Minnesota's most respectable
citizens.
I will say, in conclusion, as I said in the be-
ginning, that the gentlemen whose names have
been dragged into this controversy by the gentle-
man from Vermont and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, are the peers of either of those gen-
tlemen, and the peers of any gentleman on this
floor.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to occupy much of the time of the House in
this discussion. I confess I was a little pained to
hear the gentleman from Minnesota in a maiden
speech, take upon himself to say that he believed
that this l-eport made by the majority of thecom-
mittee appointed by you, sir, was made for the
purpose of accomplishing partisan objects and
for no other purpose. I trust that when he has
a little more experience, he will be satisfied that
whatever may be his private opinion about the ac-
tion of any of the committees of this House, or
about any member of the House, he will learn
that it is not consistent with decorum in debate,
for him to impute improper motives of this kind
to any committee or any member.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go into any
details of the evidence in this case, but I desire to
present what I regard as the controlling points and
considerations which ought to govern this House
in the decision of the case. I agree with the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] in his
very able speech of this morning, (if it had only
been applicable to the question before the House,)
that the amount for which this Fort Snelling
reservation was sold is a matter of comparatively
secondary importance. I agree, too, that the only
thing that is essentially worthy of the considera-
tion of the House, and worthy the attention of
the country, is the integrity of the functionaries
in the administration of the laws. I regard this
question as very important for that reason, and
really I do not regard it as of importance for any
other reason.
1 will say, at the outset, that I do not believe
that the evidence ill this case shows that the Sec-
retary of War, in person, has been guilty of any
overt act of fraud in the sale of the Fort Snelling
reservation. I will say, however, to the gentle-
man from Virginia, in answer to his complaint
that the committee have not exonerated the Sec-
retary of War expressly from blame, that I do
regard the associations with which he is sur-
rounded, and the circumstances connected with
the sale, as throwing such a suspicion over the
whole transaction that I cannot say that I am sat-
isfied that he is free from all complicity with it.
As a juror in the box, I would return the Scotch
verdict of " not proven."
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other parties besides
the Secretary of War connected with it. All per-
sons who are intrusted by the Government with
the execution of its laws, with places of trust and
power, are responsible to the constituted author-
ities of the countiy, and to the people, for the in-
tegrity with which they discharge their several
duties.
Now, I do believe that the proofs presented to
this House by this committee are sufficient to sat-
isfy the mind of any reasonable man that there
was a fraudulent combination between the agents
of the Government and the purchaser of the Fort
Snelling reservation.
Nov/, Mr. Speaker, this transaction cannot be
examined fairly, the conduct of these parties can-
not bo investigated intelligently, without looking
back a little, and seeing the springs and motives
of human action, and the action of political par-
ties.
Sir, you know, and this House knows, that for
thirty years past this Government has been admin-
istered upon the principle that " to the victors be-
long the spoils," and that all the offices and emolu-
! mentsof the Government are to be distributed as
, rewards for party services. You will view this
transaction, then, from that stand-point. You wilt
start there, and see what this transaction means.
What follows ? Having started out upon that
maxim, as I said on a former occasion, you are all
the time under an increasing necessity to increase
your expenditures, and to multiply jobs, in order
to enhance the value of the rewards that are to be
dispensed for partisan s. rvices. I say that that is
the natural and inevitable result of the principle
upon which the Government is administered.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is this case? The
Government was the owner of some eight thoij>-
sand acres of land at the junction of the Missis-
sippi and Minnesota rivers; as beautiful a spot,
according to the evidence of all the witnesses, as
the sun ever shone upon, and the best site in the
whole Northwest for a great commercial metrop-
olis of that growing region. They do say, it is
true, in that connection, that perhaps it will not
occupy this position in the future, because other
cities have got the start of it. But that is its nat-
ural position; that is what its natural position
would entitle it to claim. Well, sir, the question
is as to the sale of this reservation, amounting, it
is said, to some eight thousand acres; and it is
marvelous that we do not know how much there
is. As the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says, the Secretary of War sent an agent
to Fort Snelling to survey the land and subdivide
it, and yet that surveyor who went there does
not know the number of acres. One would have
supposed that the first thing he would do would
be to run the exterior lines, and ascertain how
much land there was there. But he came back;
and we are now here discussing, as a controverted
question of fact, the number of acres, and we
differ to the extent of two thousand acres as to
the actual number of acres contained in that res-
ervation. That is a marvelous circumstance.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I understand
Major Eastman to say that ho had run the exte-
rior boundaries, and there are about seven thou-
sand five hundred acres.
Mr. STANTON". He says distinctly that he
does not know the number.
Mr. FAULKNER. Ho says expressly that
after the survey, he found there were seven thou-
sand five hundred acres there, and the one thou-
sand acres was irreclaimable swamp.
Mr. STANTON. He does not ascertain that
by calculations. That is what I complain of. He
makes his survey; and instead of making an esti-
mate from that survey, he makes a guess, and
comes, perhaps, within five hundred or one thou-
sand acres of the whole amount.
[Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled the following bills;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1859;
An act to vest the title to a certain warrant for
land, in George N. Gordon; and
An act to provide for the location of certain con-
firmed private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes.]
Mr. STANTON. It is not strange that as
settlement advanced beyoffd the locality of Fort
Snelling, and it became probable that the Govern-
ment would abandon it in a few years, persons in
the neighborhood should have been looking to the
time when it would be brought into market, and
when they would have an opportunity to make
investments in it; and accordingly you see that
in the year 1856, Mr. Rice, in behalfofMr. Steele,
the present purchaser, applied to the Secretary of
War to know whether it would be brought into
market or not. The then Secretary of War, Mr.
Davis, applied to his Quartermaster General, and
took the advice of his subordinate, and in con-
formity with that advice, informed Mr. Rice that
the reservation was notfor sale. Acting upon the
supposition that it was to be retained for some
years, the Government spent about ten thousand
| dollars upon it, during the year 1856, for the pur-
| pose of repairs and of keeping it in a proper con-
I ditionto be used for military purposes.
I Well, sir, on the 4th of March, 1857, this pro-
! vision authorizing the sale was put into a general
! appropriation bill. It then became the duty of
the Secretary of War to manage and control the
sales, to prescribe the mode of the sale, and to ap-
point the agents by whom it was to be conducted.
Now, sir, my ciwn judgment, lbokin'g to the
