1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
haws of the United States.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
and Bridge and High streets,"in Georgetown, five
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Utah Territory, from first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, to thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
^ For purchase of the " Masonic Temple'Mn the
city of Boston, for the accommodation of the Uni-
ted States courts, upon the terms agreed on by
the Secretary of the Interior and the proprietors
thereof, in addition to the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars appropriated by the act of third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for the
erection of a building for said purpose, five thou-
sand dollars;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of one million four hundred and sixty-nine thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-three dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated,to supply deficiencies in the revenue
of the Post Office Department for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to allow credit to the Clerk of the House
of Representatives for such payments out of its
contingent fund as have been or may be made
under allowances authorized by the House of
Representatives daring the last Congress: Pro-
vided, That said allowances shall have been duly
approved by the Committee of Accounts: And be
it further provided, That the said allowances be
paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, when-
ever hereafter contracts shall be made by the Sec-
retary of War or the Secretary of the Navy by
virtue of the sixth section of the act approved the
first of May, eighteen hundred and twenty, en-
titled "An act in addition to the several acts for
the establishment and regulation of the Treasury,
War, and Navy Departments," he shall, if Con-
gress be m session at the time, promptly report to
both Houses thereof the reasons for making such
contract, stating fully all the facts and circum-
stances which, in his judgment, rendered such
contract necessary; if Congress be not in session
at the time of making such contract, he shall, at
the commencement of their next session, make
such report to both Houses; and no such contracts
shall be made hereafter, cxccpt in cases of press-
ing exigency.
Approved, May 4, 1858.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union.
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas
did, by a convention of delegates assembled at
Lecompton on the seventh day of November, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, for that
purpose, form for themselves a constitution and
State government, which constitution is republi-
can; and whereas, at thesametime and place,said
convention did adopt an ordinance, which said
ordinance asserts that Kansas, when admitted as
a State, will have an undoubted right tQ tax the
lands within her limits belonging to the United
States, and proposes to relinquish said asserted
right if certain conditions set forth in said ordi-
nance be accepted and agreed to by the Congress
of the United States; and whereas, the said con-
stitution and ordinance have been presented to
Congress by order of said convention, and admis-
sion of said Territory into the Union thereon as
a State requested; and whereas, said ordinance is
not acceptable to Congress, and it is desirable to
ascertain whether the people of Kansas concur in
the changes in said ordinance, hereinafter stated,
and desire admission into the Union as a State as
herein proposed: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the State of Kansas be, and is
hereby,admitted into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States, in all respects what-
ever, but upon this fundamental condition prece-
dent, namely: that the question of admission with
the following proposition, in lieu of the ordinance
framed at Lecompton, be submitted to a vote of
the people of Kansas, and assented to by them,
or a majority of the voters voting at an election
to be held for that purpose, namely: that the fol-
lowing propositions be, and the same are hereby,
offered to the people of Kansas for acceptance or
rejection, which, ifaccepted, shall be obligatory on
the United States and upon the said State of Kan-
sas, to wit: First. That sections number sixteen
and thirty-six in'every township of public lands in
said State, or where either of said sections or any
part thereof has been sold or otherwise disposed
of, other lands equivalent thereto and as contigu-
ous as may be, shall be granted to said State for
the use of schools. Second. That seventy-two
sections of land shall be set apart and reserved for
the support of a State University, to be selected
by the Governor of said State, subject to the ap-
proval of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and to be appropriated and applied in such
manner as the Legislature of said State may pre-
scribe for the purpose aforesaid, but for no other
purpose. Third. That ten entire sections ofland,
to be selected by the Governor of said State, in
legal subdivisions, shall be granted to said State
for the purpose of completing the public buildings,
or for the erection of others at the seat of govern-
ment, under the direction of the Legislature
thereof. Fourth. That all saltsprings within said
State, not exceeding twelve in number, with six
sections of land adjoining, or as contiguous as
may be to each, shall be granted to said State for
its use, the same to be selected by the Governor
thereof, within one year after the admission of
said State; and, when so selected, to be used or
disposed of on such terms, conditions, and regu-
lations as the Legislature may direct; Provided,
That no salt spring or land the right whereof is
now vested in any individual or individuals, or
which may hereafter be confirmed or adjudged to
any individual or individuals, shall by this article
be granted to said State. Fifth. That five per
centum of the net proceeds of sales of all public
lands lying within said State which shall be sold
by Congress after the admission of said State into
the Union, after deducting all the expenses inci-
dent to the same, shall be paid to said State for
the purpose of making public roads and internal
improvements, as the Legislature shall direct:
Provided, The foregoing propositions herein of-
fered are on the condition that said State of Kan-
sas shall never interfere with the primary disposal
of the lands of the United States, or with any reg-
ulations which Congress may find necessary for
securing the title in said soil \obonafide purchasers
thereof, and that no tax shall he imposed on lands
belonging to the United States,and that in no case
shall non-resident proprietors be taxed higher than
residents. Sixth. And that said State shall never tax
the lands or property of the United States in that
State. At the said election the voting shall be by
ballot, and by indorsing on his ballot, as each
voter may be pleased, " Proposition acceptcd,"or
" Proposition rejected." Should a majority of the
votes cast be for "Proposition accepted," the
President of the United States, as soon as the fact
is duly made known to him, shall announce the i
same by proclamation-; and thereafter, and with-
out any further proceedings on the part of Con-
gress, the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union upon an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatever, shall be complete
and absolute; and said State shall be entitled to
one member in the House of Representatives in
the Congress of the United States until the noxt
census be taken by the Federal Government. But i
should a majority of the votes cast be for " Prop- |
osition rejected," it shall be deemed and held that
the people of Kansas do not desire admission into ,
the Union with said constitution under the con-'
ditions set forth in said proposition; and in that
event the people of said Territory are hereby
authorized and empowered to form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, by
the name of the State of Kansas, according to the
Federal Constitution, and may elect delegates for
that purpose whenever, and not before, it is ascer-
tained by a census duly and legally taken that the
population of said Territory equals or exceeds the
ratio of representation required for a member of
the House of Representatives of the Congress of
the United States; and whenever thereafter such
delegates shall assemble in convention, they shall
first determine by a vote whether it is the wish of
the people of the proposed State to be admitted
into the Union at that time; and, if so, shall pro-
ceed to forma constitution, and take all necessary
steps for the establishment of a State government,
in conformity with the Federal Constitution, sub-
ject to such limitations and restrictions as to the
mode and manner of its approval or ratification
by the people of the proposed State as they may
have prescribed by law, and shall be entitled to
admission into the Union as a State under such
constitution, thus fairly and legally made, with
or without slavery, as said constitution may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of insuring, as far as possible, that the
elections authorized by this act may be fair and
free, the Governor, United States District Attor-
ney, and secretary of the Territory of Kansas, and
the presiding officers of the two branches of its
Legislature, namely, the Presidentof the Council
and Speaker of the House of Representatives, are
hereby constituted a board of commissioners to
carry into effect the provisions of this act, and to
use all the means necessary and proper to that end.
And three of them shall constitute a board; and
the board shall have power and authority to des-
ignate and establish precincts for voting, or to
adopt those already established; to cause polls to
be opened at such places as it may deem proper
in the respective counties and election precincts
of said Territory; to appoint as judges of elec-
tion, at each of the several places of voting, three
discreet and respectable persons, any two of
whom shall be competent to act; to require the
sheriffs of the several counties, by themselves or
deputies, to attend the judges at each of the places
of voting for the purpose of preserving peace and
good order; or the said board may-, instead of said
sheriffs and their deputies, appoint at their dis-
cretion, and in such instances as they may choose,
other fit persons for the same purpose. The elec-
tion hereby authorized shall continue one day
only, and shall not be continued later than sun-
down on that day. The said board shall appoint
the day for holding said election, and the said
Governor shall announce the same by proclama-
tion; and the day shall be as early a one as is
consistent with due notice thereof to the people
of said Territory, subject to the provisions of this
act. The said board shall have full power to pre-
scribe the time, manner, and places of said elec-
tion, and to direct the time [within] which returns
shall be made to the said board, whose duty it
shall be to announce the result by proclamation,
and the said Governor shall certify the same to
the President of the United States, without delay.
Sec. 3. And be it fwiher enacted, That in the
election hereby authorized, all white male inhab-
itants of said Territory, over the age of twenty-
one years, who possess the qualifications which
were required by the laws of said Territory for a
legal voter, at the last general election for the
members of the Territorial Legislature, and none
others, shall be allowed to vote; and this shall be
the only qualification required to entitle the voter
to the right of suffrage in said election. And if
any person not so qualified shall vote or offer to
vote, or if any person shall vote more than once
at said election, or shall make or cause to be made
any false, fictitious, or fraudulent returns, or shall
alter or change any returns of said election, such
person shall, upon conviction thereof before any
court of competent jurisdiction, be kept at hard
labor not less than six months and not more than
three years.
Sec.4. Andbeit farther enacted, That the mem-
bers of the aforesaid board of commissioners, and
all persons appointed by them to carry into effect
the provisions of this act, shall, before entering
upon theii duties, take an oath to perform faith-
fully the duties of their respective offices; and, on
failure thereof, they shall be liable and subject to
the same charges and penalties as are provided in
like cases under the territorial laws.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers mentioned in the preceding section shall re-
ceive for their services the same compensation as
is given for hke services under the territorial laws.
ArpROVED, May 4, 1858.
