1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
Mr. STANTON. I supposed it was an inde-
pendent proposition.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would inquire
whether the gentleman from Indiana moved his
proposition as an amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so stated at the
time, in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would like
to know how the words in the original proposition
remain to be voted on?
The SPEAKER. It has been all disposed of
exccpt the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
to reconsider and lay on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. In order to allow our friend
from Kentucky to ascertain how it is, I move that
the Mouse do now adjourn.
Mr. GOODE. I ask my colleague to withdraw
that motion for one moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw it.
CORRECTION.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman peimit
me to make a single correction ? In the report of
my remarks nude yesterday I am reported as
saying that a peison was appointed on the auxil-
iary guard, after an attempt by him to commit
murder, and before his arrest. I did not intend
to say that he had been appointed after the com-
mission of the crime. It was a misapprehension
entirely.
WASHINGTON AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. GOODE. I move the following1 resolu-
tion:
Resolred} That the debate m the Committee of the Whole
onifie si ate ofihe ITmon on the foil of the t-Vimte, No.y.'fc>,
e-stablu-huiynu auMhai\ gu;iKi,<hatl cea-e at the next ii-aug
of the commuter—the ehauman of the Committee foi the
District of Columbia havinu: the pnvile^e to elo-e the de-
bate at the next Mtimg ot tho committee ; and the commit-
tee shall then pioceed to vote on mi eh amciulmeut* a> m.iv
he pending or ottered to the same, and shall repo. I if to the
House u (til such aiueudtm nt> a-< may have hi en agreed to
by the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I under-
stand the resolution, it provides that the gentle-
man from Virginia shall have the privilege of
closing the debate. He has that right already,
under the rule.
Mr. GOODE. If that be the understanding, I
am willing to modify the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it is a Senate bill, not reported by the gentleman
from Virginia, and therefore he would not have
that right under the rule.
Mr. STANTON. Is the debate to be closed
after we shall again go into committee?
Mr. GOODE. Yes.
Mr. STANTON. If the House adjourn now,
I have no objection; but if the debate is to close
to-day, I think that that is not allowing time
enough.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to hear that part of the
resolution read again which pertains to amend-
ments. I do not understand whether amendments
are cut off by it or not.
The SPEAKER. No amendments can be cut
off by a resolution of this sort in the House. This
is the usual language in which resolutions to close
debate are clothed.
Air. MORSE, of Maine. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. GOODE. I accept the modification of the
resolution to close debate when the committee
rises to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot mod-
ify his resolution pending a motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. What do I under-
stand to be the modification?
Mr. GOODE. To terminate debate at the
rising of the committee to-morrow.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. Then I withdraw
my motion to iay on the table.
The question wastakcn;and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. RUSSELL. I ask leave to introduce, for
reference, a bill to divide the State of New York
into three judicial districts.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill to establish an
AUXILIARY GUARD
for the city of Washington; on which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HUGHES (in the noise and confusion of
the House) was understood to say: I wish to
speak to the question before the committee as a
practical question now before us for legislative
action. There are four propositions before us.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the committee rise.
There is too much confusion to proceed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mi. HUGHES, (resuming.) I was saying there
were four propositions before the coitimittee: one
is the bill of the Senate; the second is an amend-
ment proposed to that bill by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Dom>;] the third is the bill in-
troduced by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
"Goode,] the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia; and the fourth a pioposition
from tiie gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leitf.r.]
The general features of all these different prop-
ositions are nearly alike, differing in one particu-
lar only, and that is, in reference to the manner
in which the proposed police foice shall be ap-
pointed. The Senate bill proposes that the chief
of police shall be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, I
lay some emphasis upon the last part of that prop-
osition, because it appears to have been wholly
overlooked in this debate, up to the present time,
that the Senate were to have any voice in that
matter. The captain, the lieutenants, and the
men, according to the Senate bill, are to be ap-
pointed by the chief, with the appioval of the
Secretary of the Interior; and they may be re-
moved by the chief at his pleasute, or upon the
order of said Secretary.
Now, sir, the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd,] and which
appears to find favor at least with some of the i
leaders upon the other side of the House, pro- '
poses to vest the power of appointing this police
in aboard composed of four commissioners, to be
elected in such a manner as to secure to the two
political parties a balance of power in the board;
and to keep up that arrangement from tune to time
at each ensuing election. The bill reported by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goode,] the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, is almost the same as the Senate bill.
The most important difference is this: the bill of
the gentleman from Virginia confers upon the
chicfof police the power of holding a court, which
is not in the Senate bill. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lkiter] proposes to
vest the appointment of this police force in three
commissioners named in the amendment, who are
to be appointed from time to time by joint reso-
lution of Congress.
Mr. Chairman, the great expenditure of the
public money in the city of Washington, in the
erection of public buildings, in the embellishment
of the city, and for other purposes, has created in
the city, I believe, a disposition to fasten upon
the national Treasury all the burdens incident to
the management of its municipal affairs. This is
to be guarded against; and I confess that when it
was first proposed to go further than we have
heretofore gone, and to establish, at the expense
of the national Treasury, a sort of municipal gov-
ernment for this city, in addition to that already
established, the proposition struck me unfavor-
ably. But, sir, upon further examination, I am
disposed to think that it is the duty of Congress
to pass a law of the character of one of the bills
now under consideration. I desne that some one
of these bills shall pass; and it is for the purpose
of urging upon the committee such considerations
as have presented themselves to my mind, why
such a law should pass, that I now speak.
I find, upon examination, that the policy here
proposed in reference to the establishment of an
auxiliary police force for this city, is not a new
policy. That policy has already been adopted.
Congress has heretofore provided for such an es- '
tablishment, and is now maintaining one at the
public expense. The Senate bill comes to us
commended by the vote of the Senate, only nine'
members of that body having recorded their votes
against it. And, as it seems to me it has been
attempted in the progress of this discussion, to
give a party character to this measure, it may not
be improper for me to say that this was not a
party measure in the Senate, there being only nine
votes against it. There was no party vote. I
may say, also, that the Senate bill—because it is
almost identical with the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goode,] the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia—comes to us with the sanction of the unani-
mous adoption of it by the House Committee for
the District of Columbia.
M r. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow me, as one of the members of that
committee, to explain my position?
Mr. HUGHES. Certainly.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I was not
present in the committee when it committed itself
to that bill, and I am opposed to the bill in the
shape in winch it was reported by the committee.
1 have an amendment to offer to it.
Mr. GOODE. I will say to the gentleman from
Indiana, that the bill was concurred in by all the
members of that committee who were present.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania was not pres-
ent.
Mr. HUGHES. It appears, then, that the
House bill comes here sanctioned by every mem-
ber of the committee who was present, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania not being there. Upon
that committee I observe the name of the gentle-
man from New York, who offers an amendment
to the Senate bill;and it strikes me as worthy of
remark that an amendment of that character should
be offered, radically differing in the mode of ap-
pointing this police, by a gentleman who had
already given his full sanction to the measure
which the chairman of the committee reported.
The bill comes from that committee without any
Executive recommendation. It is not sent here
by the Piesident, nor recommended by him. I
say, then, that the Senate bill, or the bill of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, comes to
us as no party measure; but comes to us com-
mended by the overwhelming consent of-all par-
ties in the Senate, and by the representatives of
all parties of the committee of the House.
Sir, let me inquire—because it becomes neces-
sary to advert to the partisan views which have
been brought to bear in the discussion of this sub-
ject—how was this bill received in this House?
Why, sir, I believe when the chairman of the
committee first brought it to the attention of the
House, my colleague from Indiana [Mr. Colfax]
who sits on the other side of the House, sug-
gested that there might be a difficulty upon the
subject unless some guarantee could be given by
the chairman of the committee that this would not
be made " a partisan police;" and immediately
after, the senior member from the State of Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] declared that he could not give
his consent to any measure of this kind, because
this body of police would be used to catch negroes
who were out late at night, or would in other ways
interfere with the colored population of this Dis-
trict. Well, this was the first indication in the
House of opposition to this measure. Gentlemen
had doubts at first, but the gentleman from Ohio
stepped out boldly and led off in a paity oppo-
sition to the measure; and it is useless to deny
the fact that when he leads, and where he leads,
others follow. Directly, in the progress of this
debate, after hearing that from the gentleman from
Ohio, we hear a sort of philosophical disquisition
upon the causes of the demoralization in the state
of society existing at the capital from his col-
league, f^Ir. Stanton.] He traces all the evils to
the practical application of the maxim " to the
victors belong the spoils." He bases his oppo-
sition to the Senate bill, and to the bill of the com-
mittee,exclusively upon theground that they vest
the appointing power in the President of the Uni-
ted States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. And, finally, he gave us his idea of
a measure for the establishment of a police here
independent of party feeling, and that is the sub-
stitute proposed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Dodd.]
Sir, it is very much to be regretted, because it
may affect the vote on this question, that any dis-
cussion of a party character should have sprung-
