1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2615
whole matter, is, that the Secretary of War has
entirely misjudged the capacity and qualifications
of the agents that he appointed to sell this prop-
erty; and he has done so for the reason that he
has acted upon the principle that these, as well
as all the other offices of the Government, were
mere spoils, to be distributed for the benefit of
political partisans; and hence he called up his old
quondam friend, Mr. Heiskell, from the State of
Yu^inia, to go into Minnesota to make this sale.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what were the evident con-
siderations that operated upon the mind of the
Secretary to induce him to make this selection?
Yon know, sir, and every gentleman here knows,
that it was not because he regarded him as the
best qualified by a knowledge of the value of
lands in that locality, by experience in busi-
ness of this description, or by his general intelli-
gence upon matters of this character. It was not
for that reason that he was selected. Bu«.you
find, fro in the testimony of Mr. Ilciskell himself,
that he was selected becausc he had gone through
a political campaign with the Secretary of War;
they had fought that campaign together; they had
been ancient cronies in Virginia; and, according
to Mr. Heiskell's own statement, he was expect-
ing, at the hands of the Secretary, on the first op-
portunity, as a reward for his partisan services,
some office—and no trifling one at that—which he
regarded as due from the Secretary for personal
and political considerations. " I do not want,"
said he, "any twopenny office; I do not want
any small sixpenny office; I want something that
will pay about four or five thousand dollars."
Well, the Secretary writes to him that he has not
got anything of that magnitude justat the present
writing; but in the course of a little time the Sec-
retary writes to him that ho has these forts for
sale, and that he can have that job.
Now, do not you see, Mr. Speaker—does not
every member here see—that the Secretaiy has
started fi om a wiong stand-point in the selection
of an agent to make this sale? He consulted his
personal friendships, his political relations, and
all the influences which personal and political
associations bring to bear upon htm, instead of
having only regard to the qualifications of the
man selected by him for this important trust.
Is not that so?
There are some other extraordinary circum-
stances about tins matter, but I do not propose
to go into any details. I find that Dr. Graham
of Virginia, an intimate acquaintance of the Sec-
retary of War, calls on him and proposes to go
Wrut to make investments.
As has already been said, T do not know what
he had to invest*. It seems that he did not invest
anything except his personal services to manage
property. But, sir, at the same time the Secre-
tary was appointing Mr. Heiskell as agent of the
Government to sell the Fort Snelling reserva-
tion, he was appointing John C. Mather, of New
York, as agent to sell Foit Ripley—a very pru-
dent and economical arrangement upon the part
of Mr. Mather, while he was going West to pur-
chase this property, to get the appointment to
sell another reservation, and, with his eight dol-
lars per day and mileage, to pay expenses. But
you will bear in mind that the gentleman who
conducted that sale was a political friend of the
President, and a political and personal friend of
the Secretary of War; and when the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] undertakes to
charge us with being influenced with party con-
siderations in this matter, I do not allude to it for
the purpose of awakening party prejudice, but as
a circumstance from which you may infer that
there has been some other motive than a single
eye to the public good. Sir, I claim, at the
hands of this House, credit for sincerity when 1
say that I shall endeavor to discharge my duty,
as far as I can, without being influenced by party
considerations. Gentlemen will remember that
in the last Congress I did not allow party con-
siderations to govern my conduct when my own
political friends were arraigned before this House;
and they will remember that, during the present
session I have not, in the discharge of my duty as a
member of a somewhat similar committee, sought
to protect my political friends from exposure or
condemnation. Itherefore claim the right to speak
when I believe that political opponents have been
guilty of frauds upon the Government; to speak
out fairly and fully, without having an imputa-
tion cast upon my sincerity. I admit that I am
subject to party influences and party prejudices
which operate upon other men.
But, Mr. Speaker, here are Mather, Schell, and
Dr. Graham; two of them go out there substan-
tially and practically in company with Mr. Heis-
kell. One may have gone a day before, or a week
before, the other; but, for all practical purposes,
they went out together. They went there about
the same time; they were together there, and con-
versed about these matters. They remained there
about the same length of time.
Now, sir, I pray you, what sort of service did
Dr. Graham render for this $5,000 a year? Mr.
Steele lived there, and understood the manage-
ment of such property certainly much better than
Dr. Graham. And what sort of service could Dr.
Graham bring to bear to earn this $5,000 a year?
It passes my comprehension entirely, if this whole
transaction was fair and aboveboard.
Well, sir, these parties met there. Fort Snell-
ing was to be sold m such manner as the commis-
sioners should prescribe, at public sale or at pri-
vate sale. If they intended to make a private sale,
they ought to have had one of two objects in
view: either to secure the largest amount of pur-
chase-money to the Government, or to sell it in
such a manner as would aid the largest number
of people who might desire to be engaged in the
purchase.
Now, sir, I hold that the first thing to be con-
sidered in such a sale is, the settlement of the
public domain; and that, if the Government has
a fixed price for it, the largest number of people
who will cultivate it with their own hands should
be permitted to become purchasers. I would not
sell eight or ten thousand acres to any man, for
him to cut up and make a speculation on. If there
was a speculation m it, I would extend it to as
many hardy sons of toil as possible, and give each
one his share in the speculation, if they gave the
Government price for it. I say these commis-
sioners should have disposed of it at public sale,
and distributed it among actual setters, or they
should have sold it to the man who would give
the most money for it, and they should have taken
the means to ascertain who would give the most
for it. 1 say, therefore, that, as shrewd and saga-
cious agents of the Government, if the object had
been to effect the sale on the best terms, the com-
missions s would not have withheld all knowl-
edge of the fact that the property was for sale
from every one except Franklin Steele. That is
a circumstance to my mind totally incapable of
explanation. There is no sane man, there is no
man out of a lunatic asylum, in this Union, who
would manage the sale of property in that way.
If my friend from Virginia wanted to sell his farm,
he would notgo to his neighbor, and immediately
tell him," Iwill take so much for my farm," with-
out inquiring whether he could not get §1,000
more from somebody else.
Now, sir, I pray you, why was it not given
out in speech, if the gentleman could not publish
it in the newspapers ? Why was it concealed
from everybody at Fort Snelling and St. Paul I
and in ail that neighborhood, that these gentle- I
men had the Fort Snelling reseivation for sale, I
either in subdivisions or in the aggregate to who- i
ever would give the highest amount of purchase '
money? Why was not that done? I tell you the \
fact that that question cannot be answered stamps j
the transaction as fraudulent. There is no help i
for it; there is no escape from it; there is no an-
swer for it, consistent with common honesty. '
Theie is no man who has read this evidence who j
does not know what the real reason was. John '
C. Mather, a citizen of New York, now occu- [
pying a position as Senator of that State and had 1
before held an official position in the State; Rich-
ard Schell, a brother of the collector of New ]
York, a man of great political influence, and in [
the possession of large funds: and another gen- 1
tleman, a prominent politician, residing at Lex- |
ington, Virginia—these were to be favored, and |
that is why, sir, I say the testimony makes that j
impression upon the mind of every man. Now, j
sir, that in my judgment, is enough to condemn 1
this sale. It ought to be set aside for collusion j
between the agents of the Government and the j
purchasers. Sir, it is a pretext—I do not mean |
it in any offensive sense—but I say it is a mere j
pretext that Franklin Steele was entitled to pur- j
chase this property, because he lived upon it. I
As the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] has said, Mr.lVIcKenzie had a larger in-
terest m that reservation than Mr. Steele had. If
that was the consideration, then there were others
who had claims upon them for preference. You
cannot get rid of that by saying that Mr. Steele
had said that he had made an arrangement to buy '
that interest. Look at the testimony of Mr. Heis-
kell. Look at the testimony of Mr. Rice. What
do they say about it? That Mr. Heiskell, Mr.
Steele, Mr. Rice, as agents of Mr. McKenzie,
discussed the question of the tatter's interest.
They met for the purpose of discussing it, and
they quarreled over it. They called each other
hard names. The dispute waxed warm. There-
upon Mr. Rice and Mr. Steele retired apart, where
they had a private conversation about how this
thing should be fixed up. Mr. Steele then agreed
to give Mr. McKenzie $15,000 for his interest or
improvements.
There is another thing. If these commission-
ers intended to act up to the spirit and letter of
the preemption law in this case, Mr. Steele had
no right to have more than one hundred and sixty
acres. They gave him the exclusive right to
purchase some eight thousand acres. There was
no reason forgivingthis preference to Mr. SteeTe.
I do not care, for the purposes of my argument,
whether Mr. Steele gave full value for the prop-
erty or not. The-only view in which the value
of it is essentially important is, that it is a cir-
cumstance to show the fraud; that is all. But,
sir, the real question here is, whether, in the ad-
ministration of the Government, you will justify
public functionaries, in using the trust reposed in
them by the people, to exclude those who differ
from them in political opinion from any of the ben-
efits of the public laud ? I should be glad to know
if some Black Republican, as the gentleman from
Minnesota gracefully styles the members upon
this side, who was willing to give $100,000 for
that land, was not entitled to it? Why should not
Mr. Heiskell and Mr. Eastman sell it to a Black
Republican for $100,000? That was not a part
of the programme. Let it be agreed, for the pur-
poses of the argument, that it is admissible; that
you may make a secret sale; that sellers and pur-
chasers may combine for the purpose of throw-
ing immense speculations into the hands of polit-
ical partisans: I would be glad to know if the
gentlemen on the Democratic side of the House
will be content to acquiesce in personal discrimin-
ations made among themselves; and that a few
favored specimens of Democracy, such as Mr.
Mather, Mr. Steele, and Dr. Graham, shall have
the pick of speculations of this sort to the exclu-
sion of the Democracy of the Northwest? Is not
that thing worth thinking about?
There is a fact which has been adverted to,
which bears harder upon the Secretary of War
than any other, perhaps, in the case, and it ought
not to be omitted. That is, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Smith] and an ex-member of Con-
gress from Vermont, early in April, wrote to the
Secretary of War to know whether Fort Snell-
ing was for sale, and if so, when and how ? No
answer was received to any one of these letters.
Mr. FAULKNER. Where docs the gentle-
man get that fact? According to the Secretary of
War, the answers were sent.
Mr. STANTON. But they were never received,
and no copies of them seem to be kept in the War
Department. I understand it to be one of the fixed
rules of the Departments of Government, that a
copy of every official letter shall be preserved. But
there is no such thing in the War Departmentas
copies of these answers.
Mr. FAULKNER. Permit me to state a fact.
The answer was directed by the Secretary of War
to be made by his chief clerk, and upou all those
original letters, there is an indorsement, in the
hand-wri ting of the clerk, that they were answered.
Now, we have no complaint from any source, and.
the gentleman is without any authority in stating
that answers were not received by all the parties,
except the honorable member from Illinois, [Mr.
Smith.] He did not receive his answer. Why
it was, we do not know. But there is no proof,
no allegation, that the answers were not received
by the other parties to whom letters were sent.
Mr. STANTON. I accept the gentleman's
statement, and it is with something to the Secre-
let-
er
aitueuitn-l l) iU 'V ..... OW.IlMUl.lJj
t.iry of War in this view, that he banded the lei
ters to his chief clerk and directed him to answe
