1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
v/i'hout first having obtained our assent. We ,j
have a ri'iht to insist that the boundaries shall be l|
p-opcr; we have a right to insist that there is suf- j
lici'.M't population; we have a right to insist that /
the Utile hay come when they are a settled, homo- |j
g«i i'0us people, entitled to admission into tiiej
Union. Congress is to decide that question. I j|
repeat, it is more regular to decide it first, before :
the application, than aftei wards. I repeat, that j
a Tei ritory ought not to take the steps to make a ■
constitution, until she has applied to Congress :
and obtained that permission. T repeat, that if
she doos take the step and make the constitution \
without our permission, it is merely a petition to i
Congress, which we may accept or reject at pleas-!
ure, as we rejected the application from New
Mexico several years ago.
[ awe, that if we conclude to waive the irreg-
ularity and accept it, that cures the evil, and it
may become a State in the Union without an en-
abling act, or without submission to the people; :
but I say you never ouuht to admit them without j
submission to the people, if there be any serious '
doubt as to whether their constitution is the em- i
bodnncnt of the popular will. If there is no
doubt about it, you may waive the#vote, just as
you waive a vote in the Senate, on the passage of a
till, when it passes by common consent; but if
there is doubt, the President of the United States
lias told you, in his message, the proper mode of i
removing the doubt is to lefer it to the people for
a fair vote for or against the constitution.
Mr. President, I am sorry to have been put on ,
the defensive m these discuss-ons, and to have oc- j
copied time, but I felt it due to myself to say thus j
much. 1 ha\e lopeated th"Se explanations two I
or three times. 1 hop" i shall not be under the I
necessity of repeating them any further. j
Mr. CLAY. I move :hnt the Senate adjourn. I
Mr. FlTZPATillOK. I trust my colleague .
will indulge me in a few \v oi ds. I have not muoh ,
to say. _ j
Mr. CLA"Y . Will you renew the motion ?
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAY. I believe my colleague is entitled
to the floor if he designs to go on.
Mr. FITZPATRiCK. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a few minutes, as I have been alluded to.
Mr. GYVIN. 1 rise to a question of order. I
should like to know what the question before the
Senate is. Is it not the leport of the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad ?
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the motion to postpone the spe-
cial order with a view to take up the bill for the
admission of Minnesota.
Mr. GWIN. This discussion seems to me to
be entirely out of order. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator from Alabama, but really 1 think
the discussion is all out of order and has been.
"Wo are going into the merits of a question which
the Senate has not yet concluded to take up. I
hope the question will be decided whether it is in
order to go into a discussion of the Kansas bill on
a morion to take up one bill and set aside another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair knows
of no authority that he possesses to limit debate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 1 am aware that the
question is on the motion to postpone the spe-
cial order for the purpose of taking up the bill to
admit Minnesota into the Union. At the sugges-
tion of many Senators, I give way to my colleague.
Mr. CLAY. I believe it is the general wish that
we should adjourn. It is evident that we cannot
get through this discussion this evening. { move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, February 1, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. S. P. Hill, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sentof the House to offer thefollowing resolution:
Whereas, J D. Williamson, ofthecity ofNew Yoik, wa<,
Oil the, 27th day ol J;inuus>, A. I). 1«j8, duly summoned io
appear and testily b-\ore a committee ol sins iloiw np-
po.ni.'U to mve-tiirUe ceitasu chaise; giownnout of tti:;
alleged expetuhu'to oi money h\ Lawrence, fcnone &. Co.,
Of BoatOil, 1U tilO fclilw 01 Zvid^aeilU^etUj to uiiiuoixco the
pas<a<jp of the tariff of J857, and has failed and refused to
appear before said committee pursuant to said summons:
Therefore,
That the Speaker i*sue hh warrant directed to
the Seipeant-at Ann*, commanding him to take into Ins
custody the body of &aid .f. I). Williamson, whenever to be
found, ami to have the same foithvvith before the bar of this
IioiiiC, to answer for contempt of the, authority of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire if that is the
report of the select committee.
Mr. STANTON". Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I hope the gentleman
will demand the previous question and let us pass
the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I ask first that the papers
which I send to the Clerk's desk may be read.
The Clerk read the papers as follows;
By autlionty ot the Hou>e of Uepiesentatives of the Con-
of the United Stales of America :
To Jl. J. Olo^hrcnner, Serzeant-ut-Jiims :
You aie heiehj commanded to summon Captain J. D.
Williamson (of the fhm ot Willmm-on, O'Reilly & Co.,
Trunty Building, New York,) to ho and appear before the
select committee of the [louse of Repiesentatives of the
United State.-, appointed to investigate the chaiges pic-
tured d^aitk-l uiemhei* and officers of the last Congiess,
giow 1112 mit or the di'bmsement of any sum of money by
Lawience. Stone &. Co, oi Boston, or other persons, to
bung will) inm any papers ?n Ins possession connected with
or ittfomm? to the expenditure of money to procure the pas-
sage of the law modifying th° tariff, forthwith m theirelinm-
bei at the Capitol in the city of Washington, then and there
to testify touching the inattei of mquiiy committed to s.anl
ccnunnteo; and he is not to depart without the leave of
haul committee. JAMES L, OKR, Speaker.
Attest: J. C. Ai.lfn, Clerk.
Indorsed as follows:
Washington, January 25, 18o3.
I heieby depute J. W. Jone* for me and m mj ^tead to
execute the within orciei of the Speaker.
A. .1. C LOSS BRENNER,
Scr«e«nt-at-*tlrms Howe oj fit^irc<cnlalivcs, L'ltded States.
I herein eeitilv that I seived a eopv of the witlnn Mini-
mote- upon J. !>. Williamson, .it the < itv of New Yoik. on
the 27ih da\ of Januaiy, 1S">S. hy d'-hvenng <ai«l copy to Inm
P''!-on;ill\. and I know the pei&on served to he the petvon
named m >aid niinmioiia. J. W. JONliS.
The following letter was also read:
My rfar Sin- I must le.-peetluliy decline attending
bejore the committee of the Ilou<e ot Representatives, at
Washington, m lelation to the Allan* of Lawrence. Stone
& Co., deeoidmjx to a copy of a .summons T received hom
you m om office oji the ^Ttli instant, for i ea^ons which my
attorney advices men sufficient to pieventme from leaving
tlie city oi New york.
Respectfully, yoms, J. D. WILLIAMSON.
A. .f. Glossbken'nku, Ser«oant-at-Jlrm$ of the House of
Representatives of the United States.
Mr. STANTON. I will simply state that this
resolution follows strictly the precedent set in the
case of Colonel Chester in the last Congress, and
is abundantly sustained by authorities. I ask the
previous question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oulercd; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
THE NATIONAL ARMORIES.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now ask for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER.. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill (No. 63) to sup-
ply an omission in the enrollment of a certain act
therein named, which was postponed,to this day.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, 1 should
scarcely have dee'med it necessary to say a word
in explanation of this bill, but for the remark
made by the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] the other day, that I need not expect
this bill to pass without discussion. I shall, there-
fore, submit a brief explanation of the object of
the bill.
In accordancc with the settled policy of the
Government, extending back as far as 1794, the
Secretary of War, at the commencement of the
last session of Congress, recommended the usual
annual appropriation for the support of the na-
tional armories. The sum recommended was
$300,000. It was a sum which, by the invariable
usage of this Government, has been divided equal-
ly between the two national armories—the one
situated at Springfield, in the North, and the other
at Harper's Ferry, m the South. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means reported this appropri-
ation. It passed through the Committee of the
Whole on the state of tKe Union without any ob-
jection. It received the unanimous approval of
the Senate and of the House of Representatives;
and it was lost in transcribing the item from the
engrossed to the enrolled bill.
The object, therefore, of this bill is simply to
correct that omission of the Cierkj to do that
which Congress intended to do, and which, I may
say, Congress had, in fact, done, but for the in-
advertence and omission of a ministerial agent of
this House. The first week of the present ses-
sion, a special communication was transmitted to
this body from the Secretary of War, in which
he calls the attention«of Congress to that clerics!
omission, and urged the importance of immediate
action to supply that omission. That communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It was considered by that Committee,
and this bill i-sthe result of the action of -the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Now, with this brief statement of the facts of
this case, I should be justified in demanding the
immediate passage of this law: and even, under
ordinary circumstances, in calling the previous
question. But I promised my colleagues on the
Committee on Military Affairs that I would afford
them an opportunity of making any objection
which they might think proper to the passage of
this bill. Therefore I will not call the previous
question until they shall have had the opportunity
of making any objections that may occur to them
I against the passage of this bill.
I will make one additional explanation before
I take my seat. It has been asked, and will, no
doubt, be asked again, what has become of the
national armories since the 1st of July, 1857, the
expiration of the last fiscal year? How have
they been sustained?—by what authority, and
under what law? I will answer these inquiries.
Shortly after the adjournment of last Congress,
and as soon as this omission was discovered, the
attention of the President of the United States
was called to that state of facts. It was repre-
sented to him, and represented to him truly, that
unless some arrangement, in strict conformity ti>
law, could be devised by which the omission
could be corrected, the manufacture of arms at
those armories must cease after the first day of
July following; these national establishments
must be suspended, and corps of the most skill-
ful and enterprising mechanics, selected with a
great deal of care from various portions of the
country, must be scattered, with the probability
that many of them would never return. The
President was fully advised of what was the will
of Congress,as indicated in theproceedings which
I have before recited. And the only question with
him was, whether there existed, under his con-
trol and in conformity to law, any remedy for this
state of things. He had a consultation with the
Attorney General, and that distinguished jaw offi-
cer of the Government, by a written opinion filed
in his Department, advised, that under the pro-
visions and language of the act of 1808, it was
competent for the Piesident to direct that the ap-
propiiation of $200,000 for arming and equipping
the militia of the States might be used for the pur-
poses of the national armories.
I have a copy of that opinion in my possession.
I have examined it, and I concur fully in the con-
clusion of the Attorney General. For, in truth,
the act of 1808, making the standing appropria-
tion of $^U0,UU0 for the arming and equipping of
the militia of the States is, in fact, a power vested
in the ordnance department, by which it may be
applied either to the manufacture of arms or to
supplying, by purchase, those arms to the militia.
Acting on this opinion of the Attorney General,
the President of the United States directed a tem-
porary use of that fund—a temporary loan of it,
I may say—to the national armories. So that,
since the 1st of July, 1857, that fund has been
thus temporarily applied to this purpose, m the ex-
pectation that Congress would, at the very earliest
moment, correct this error made in the closing
hour of the last session of Congress. If this law
now passes, that fund will bo replaced toits proper
. head of appropriation for arming and equipping
| the militia; and the legislation of this body will
stand precisely as it would have stood if this error
had not been committed by the enrolling clerk.
Now, if Congress had, by any act, indicated
a purpose to discontinue the appropriations to
the national armories, this .course of proceeding
would never have been resorted to. But in the
face of the fact that Congress has indicated its
clear purpose to make an Appropriation; in face
of the fact that the policy of sustaining these na-
tional workshops was cherished by the legisla-
tive branch of the Government with perfect una-
nimity, it became the absolute duty of the Pros-
