1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
up upon this bill. I merely allude to these things
to show that, if the discussion of this* measure
takes that direction, the responsibility does not
rest with those who are advocating it. This is
the capital of the nation, over which, by express
provision of the Constitution, Congress has ex-
clusive jurisdiction—exclusive power; and where
the power is, there is the responsibility also. The
responsibility follows the power, and is as insep-
arable from it as the shadow from the substance.
Congress, then, is responsible for wholesome le-
gislation for the District of Columbia.
What is the object of government? It is to
protect the people in their personal liberty, their
personal security, and their rights of private prop-
erty. Until this is done, Congress has failed to
do its duty. ^.This city being under the immedi-
ate supervision of Congress, the national capital,
visited by representatives from every foreign
Power with which we have diplomatic relations,
ought to be the model of a weli-governed city.
There ought to be perfect security for life and
property here. It ought to be so orderly; that not
only could strong men, capable of self-defense,
pass through the streets in the day time and in
the night time without fear of molestation, but
that women and children could go about without
apprehension.
What is the actual condition of this city? Why,
it is an admitted fact that murder stalks abroad,
and goes unwhiptof justice. Assassination after
assassination is committed — robbery after rob-
bery. There is no security for life or property.
Anil these admitted evils appeal to the national
Legislature for a proper remedy. It seems to me
that, except as to such differences of opinion as
will spring up about the details of a measure,
there ought to be no controversy at all about the
propriety and expediency of passing the proposed
law. Yet it is obvious that it meets with serious
opposition. 1 propose now to notice some of the
objections which are made to it.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] who, it is said, is an able lawyer, made
an abb speech against it. He is an able lawyer.
He talks like a lawyer. He talked like a lawyer
upon tbis bill. lie talked like a criminal lawyer
—like one who is in the habit of defending crim-
inals. I have seen a great many able criminal
lawyers, and I tell you now that the legislation
of this country will attest the fact that they are
very poor legislators for the prevention of crime;
they are the. most unreliable men on the face of
earth to pass laws for the prevention of crime.
The gentleman asked, k' Why interfere with the
Mayor r" Did the gentleman know, when he made
that objection, that the very measure now before
us, which the Senate has passed, was suggerst^d
and mapped out in a letter from the Mayor of the
city, winch was published in the proceedings of
the Senate on this bill, and in suggestions from
the chief of the small police force now employed ?
" Why," he asked,i4 interfere with the Mayor?
June is coming, when a new election will take
place, and perhaps the people may elect a better
man.'* June is coming! Sir, there are those
now moklering in the earth, and perhaps there
will be more, if Congress fails to afford protection
to this District, to whom June never will come-
Will the people of this city, in the June election,
elect a Mayor who will call back the dead; who
will restore to life the murdered citizens of the ,
Republic, who failed to receive that protee'i' n to >
which they were entitled? Will they elect a!
Mayor who will overtake the malefactors, and j
bring them to justice ? The gentleman from Ohio '
[Mr. Leiter] said, the other day, that there were |
only two murders a day on an average, or per-
haps one and a half a day, and he thought we ;
could stand that for a few days, till the House '
could proceed to the consideiation of this bill as
a special order. Can we stand it until June ? Can ,
the people stand it until June? Will this House !
do its duty, if it permits the existing state of !
things to continue until June?
Now, sir, in regard to the guarantee that this -
will not be a party police, I have to say upon that |
subject, if any guarantee is needed, if anyone has |
a right to demand such a guarantee—a right which •
I do not admit—that if gentlemen will refer to the '
published debates of the Senate upon this bill, tlicy j
will find that the chairman of the Committee on 1
the District of Columbia in that body made the !
statement, that if the bill passed it was his under-;
standing and that of his colleagues, that they
would wait upon the President and inform him
that any nomination of a partisan character for
chief of police that might be sent to the Senate,
would not be confirmed by that body if they could
prevent it. That is going a great way. That is
giving a guarantee beyond what any man has a
right to demand. The distinguished leader of the
Republican party, the Senator fiom New York,
[Mr. Seward,] the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] and other Senators who voted for
the bill, saw nothing in it going to establish a. pre-
torian guard or to subvert the Constitution. But
here, in this House, we are met with the cry of
party. Nothing can be done for fear that party
favorites will be rewarded. There is a great dif-
ference between a pretorian guard—a standing
army with power to put up the Republic at auc-
tion,like the pretorianguard of Rome—and a civic
police consisting of one hundred men. Some gen-
tlemen say th&t the number is too large; but this
is the number fixed upon as necessary by the
Mayor, in the letter to which I have referred.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
At this point the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate by Mr. Hickey, us
chief clerk, informing the House that the Senate
had agreed to the resolution of the House, that
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House of Representatives declare their respective
Houses adjourned sine die on the first Monday in
June next, at one o'clock, p. m.
[Cries of " Good !" Good !"]
The committee then resumed its session.
WASHINGTON POLICE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. HUGHES. The announcement just made
ad rnonishes me to be brief, and 1 will endeavor to
be so.
Now, sir, I wish to say a word or two upon
the mam point in this discussion—the power of
appointment—to show the reasons why, in my
opinion, the appointing power had better be vested
where this bill vestsit, ni the Pn-sidentand Senate,
than in commissioners in the manner proposed by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd,] or in
the mminer proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Leiter.] The President is the represent-
ative of this whole nation, the head of the Fed-
eral Government, chosen by the people; and the
presumption is that he would be the proper per-
son to appoint these officers, because they ought
to be appointed by some power capable of unity
of will and speedy action. The Senate has a
propei check upon him. Do gentlemen mean se-
riously to tell the House, when the President and
tho Senate have the appointment of all the judicial
officers under the Federal Government, of all the
ministers to foreign nations, and of all the im-
portant Federal officers of the country, that it
would be dangerous to trust them with the ap-
pointment of a chief of police for the city of Wash-
ington? Is that the idea—that it would corrupt
them to trust them with this power? If that be
true, the Government has certainly fallen very low
indeed; and it is a reflection not only upon Presi-
dentsand Senates, pre>$cn t and to come, but upon
the people of the whole United States, who have
recently expressed their choice of a President, the
remonstrances and arguments of most of the gen-
tlemen who oppose this bill for this reason, to the
contrary, notwithstanding.
Now, sir, I think I could demonstrate that the
amendment of the g. ntlcman from New York
[Mr. Dodd] !-* incapable of being put in practice,
and that its provis'ons would defeat us object,
because it lecogmzos two parties only, and two
sets of candidates to bo voted for, when the peo-
ple of this District may divide into any number
of parties. Hut admitting that it will accomplish
the object which its friends propose: I say that it
establishes and recognizes upon its face a vicious
principle of legislation, and one which no Con-
gress ought to recognize or embody m the forms of
law. It recognizes that this country is to be con-
trolled by parties. It proposes solemnly to pass
a law which shall recognize the existence of two
parties, and give them power each to select two of
a board of commissioners, tinee of whom are re-
quired to perform any act. What would be the
consequence ? Why, sir, the boaid would gen-
erally be tied when they came to a vote. If it be
tru§, as the amendment assumes, that the people
and public functionaries will recognize a.duty
higher than the duty they owe to protcct life and
property, and. preserve "the peace, how will this
board act? Let us suppose a case. An election
is approaching, in which these two parties recog-
nized in the amendment are contending. It is
important that the police should be so regulated
as to act fairly and impartially towards ali parties.
These police commissioners, representing the two
parties, come together. At the very moment,
perhaps, when they ought to act in union and
harmony, they differ, and, as a cons^qucnce, no
action is taken by the board; the public peace is
unprovided for, and the lives of citizens are un-
protected. .What is the object of that amendment?
Why, it is palpable upon us face that, so far from
preventing the appointment of a partisan police,
its object is to make one. The gentlemen are
opposed to allowing the President to appoint the
police, because he will make it a partisan police;
but if you will give them the power to put men
of their own party on the board, it will be all
right.
Now, sir, I am opposed to a purely partisan
police. I do not propose to recognize any party
in any law which I shall vote for, or to divide
between parties the public patronage. I would
rather depend upon the President and the Senate
of the United States to appoint these function-
aries, than upon any such board as that proposed,
even if it could work harmoniously and expedi-
tiously. And whencverthe time comes when the
President and Senate—I care not to what party
they belong—become so coi rupt that they cannot
provide by appointment for the police of this city,
it will be useless to look further for honest men
and honest functionaries within the limits of this
Republic.
A great deal has been said about corruption
during the present session. It seems as though
no billcanbeintroduced but discussion takes that
direction. In regard to that, I concur in what
has been said by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.] If all this corruption exists
in the departments of the Government, certainly
some specific case can be painted out. Heie is
the grand inquest for the presentation of the
charge; and a member of this House, knowing
of the truth of such a charge, who docs not bring
it before this House, and propose articles of im-
peachment, is himself derelict, and the corruption
is with him. Sir, self-respect, respect for our own
Government and our own people ought to forbid
tins continual stream of offensive charges based
upon common rumor, and sometimes not even
upon that, but upon the evil imaginations of bad
men.
I say that it occurs to me that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dodd]
will totally fail to provide an efficient police for
this city. As to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leiter,] I think that it
is amuch fairer proposition; and if we must com-
promise amongst these different propositions in
order to pass some law to afford protection to the
people of this city, as we have compromised about
many other things, I should infinitely prefer that
proposition to the other. The difficulty about it
is this: the commissioners are named in the bill;
and unless members have a personal knowledge
of these men they must take them on the faith of
what others represent. If Congress is to appoint
men by name, they should be elected and the ti-ld
should be open to all. Another objection is thi**:
they are to be appointed every two years byjoint
resolution. Now, sir, it may be a long time be-
fore tne Senate and the House could concur m a
joint resolution oil the same three men; and that
defect in the law may defeat its operation alto-
gether.
What is the history of this matter? This city
once had an efficient and a valuable police, the
chief of which was appointed by the President.
This was many years ago. While that system
lasted there were security and order in the city.
When it was broken down, and the appointing
power was taken from the President and given
to the Mayor of the city, where it is at piesent
vested, then tho disorders began, and they have
never ceased since.
It is naid that the right of self-government is
denied to the people of this Di^tuct by the Sen-
ate bill. I deny it. Congress is the constitutional
