554
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4j
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States,
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to provide for the Issu-
ing, Service, and Return of original and final
Process in the Circuit and District Courts of
the United States in certain Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That all suits, not of a local nature,
hereafter to be brought in the circuit and district
courts of the United States, in a district in any
State containing more than one district, against a
single defendant, shall be brought in the district
in which the defendant resides*, but if there be two
or more defendants, residing in different districts
in the same State, the plaintiff may sue in either
district and issue a duplicate writ against the de-
fendants, directed to the marshal of any otherdis-
trict within the State in which any of the defend-
ants reside, on which duplicate writ the clerk
issuing the same shall indorse that it is a true copy
of a writ sued out of the court of the proper dis-
trict, and such original and duplicate writs, so
issued, shall, when executed and returned into
the office from which they issued, constitute one
suit and be proceeded on accordingly, and upon
any judgment rendered in a suit so brought, pro-
cess of execution may be issued, directed to the
marshal of any district in the same State. And
in suits of a local nature, where the defendant
resides in a different district in the same State than
the one in which the suit is brought, the plaintiff
may have original and final process against such
defendant, directed to the marshal of the district
in which he resides.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in all
cases of a local nature at law or in equity, where
the land or other subject-matter of a fixed char-
acter lies partly in one district and partly in an-
other district, within the same State, the plaintiff
may bring his action or suit in the circuit or dis-
trict court of either district, and the court in which
any such action or suit shall have been com-
menced, as aforesaid, shall have jurisdiction to
hear and decide the same, and to cause mesne or
final process to be issued and executed as fully as
if the land or other subject-matter were wholly
within the district for which such court is con-
stituted.
Approved, May 4, 1858.
Chap. XXVIII/—An Act to alter the Times of
holding the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States for the District of Vermont.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the circuit court of the United
States now directed to be holden at Windsor, in
and for the district of Vermont, on the twenty-
first day of May, shall, after the fust day of July
next, be holden on the fourth Tuesday o July
annually at said place, and the district court of lhe
United States, within and for said district, instead
of the twenty-seventh day of May, shall, after the
first day of July next, be holden on the Monday
next after the fourth Tuesday n: July anually.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That all indict-
ments, informations, suits, or nciions, and pro-
ceedings of any kind, whuthei civil or criminal,
now pending in said courts respectively, shall
have day in court and be proceeded in, heard,
tried, and determined on the days herein ap-
pointed for the holdingof said courts respect-
ively, in the same manner that might and ought
to have been done had the said courts respectively
been holden on the twenty-first and twenty-sev-
enth days of May.
Approved, May 4, 18o&.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Current and Contingent Expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling Treaty
Stipulations with various Indian Tribes, for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby appropriated out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tubes,
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, viz:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian af-
fairs, and of the several Indian agents, per acts of
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-
eighth September, eighteen hundred and fifty,
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, thirty-first July,-eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, and third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, eighty-six thousand two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For the pay of the several Indian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent in Cali-
fornia, per act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, and eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, thirty-one thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For presents to Indians,five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies, and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of delivery of annuities, goods, and
provisions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota,
Michigan, and Wisconsin, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
superintendent of Indian affairs, on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
Blackfoot Nation.—For third of ten installments
as annuity, to be expended in the purchase of
such goods, provisions, and other useful articles
as the President, at his discretion, may from time
to time determine, per ninth article of the treaty
of seventeenth October, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twenty thousand dollars.
For third of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in edu-
cating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuities in goods and provisions, seventeen thou-
sand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians of
Willamette Valley.—For fourth offivc installments
of annuity for beneficial objects, per second arti-
cle of treaty- twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred anu fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fourth of five installments for pay of phy-
sicion, teachcr, blacksmith, and farmer, per third
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand two hundred
and sixty dollars.
Chaitn, Scoton,and Uinpqua Indians.—Forfourth
of fifteen installments of annuity, to be expended
as directed by the President, per third article
treaty eighteenth November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments for the pay
of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred dollars.
For fourth of five installments for support of
two smiths'and smiths'shops, per fifth article
treaty eighteenth November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand one hundred and
twenty dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of phy-
sician, medicines, and expense of care of the sick,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand and
sixty dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers, and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For this amount to be expended when the united
bands shall be required to remove to the Table
Rock reserve, or elsewhere, for provisions to aid
in their subsistence during the first year they shall
reside thereon, as the President may direct, per
fourth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six thousand five
hundred dollars.
ChippewasofLake Superior.—Fulfilling the treaty
of thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four.
For two thirds of seventeenth of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For two thirds of seventeenth of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and lorty-two,and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
For two thirds of seventeenth of twenty-five
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth Octobcr, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For two thirds of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cewts.
For two thirds of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of seventeenth of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth articlc treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For fourth of twenty installments in coin,
goods, household furniture, and cooking utensils,
agricultural implements and cattle, carpenters'and
other tools and building materials, and for moral
and educational purposes, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nineteen thousand dollars.
Forfourth of five installments in blankets, cloths,
nets, guns, ammunition, and such other aitides
of necessity as they may require, to the Bois Forte
band, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thou-
sand dollars.
Forfourth of twenty installments for six smiths
and assistants, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fiftv-
four, five thousand and forty dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
portof six smiths' shops,per second and fifth ar-
ticles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundicd and
twenty dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the sev-
enth smith and assistant, and support of shop,
per second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop for
the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,one thou-
sand and sixtv dollars.
