2616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
them, which, I take it from the facts in the case,
he did not do. It may be that the Secretary sup-
posed that he did answer them. Let him have
that credit. But the idea that two letters to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Smith] should have
miscarried 
Mr. BURNETT. He got one of them.
Mr. STANTON. Here is property of the de-
scription 1 have mentioned. 1 have no doubt that
in twenty-five years there will be twenty-five thou-
sand inhabitants upon that reserve, and that it
will be worth Millions of dollars. I have no doubt 1
that there is an immense speculation in it. No I
other reason can be urged why these gentlemen
should be so exceedingly desirous to purchase it;
and there is no earthly excuse for the manner in
which that sale was made. It is not enough for
gentlemen to tell me that the sale at public auction
may be defeated by combination. I know very
well that the residue of Fort Snelling was sold
under orders and rules prescribed by the laws and
regulations of the General Land Office. The proof
is, I believe, that there were two settlers upon
every quarter section of it, and of course it was
sold subject to the preemption law.
^Mr. FAULKNER. There were upwards of ,
five thousand acres sold at public auction in the :
Stillwater district,and notan acre produced more 1
than $1 25 an acre, and no part of it was pre- j
empted. • \
Mr. STANTON. That is the general rule. I
have no doubt that, if lands are set up at public
auction in the West, without any guards to pro-
tect the Government against combinations, that
generally they would be sold at the minimum
price. I think that is the probability. But does i
not the gentleman from Virginia know that there j
is a long distance between such a sale as that and |
a secretsale, studiously, laboriously, and success- i
fully concealed from the world ? That is the point j
I make. You might have sold it at public auc- ]
tion, fixing the minimum price or reserving a bid j
to the officer of the Government; there could have
been no difficulty about that. You might have
sold it according to the precedent set by Judge
Burchard in the sale of the reservation at Chi-
cago, by receiving written bids, so that there could
be no favoritism.
Mr. Speaker, if this sale was an honest sale;
if the Government got ail that this land is worth;
if there was no fraudulent purpose in making it
in the manner they did, still it is a description of
sale which is so exceedingly liable to abuse, which
js so liable to result in party favoritism and fraud,
that it ought not to be toh'uUed for a moment, j
Gentlemen heie do not pretend that it is a whole-
wome practice. They say they would not recom- !
mend such a sale as that. Th<*n,I pray you, why ;
not hold it as it is upon its face, fraudulent, and ;
set it aside? j
Mr. Speaker, if I had this purchase on trial be- I
fore an honest jury of twelve farmers in any State |
of the Union, I would get a verdict of fraud, as
to this sale, and the judgment of the court that it ;
was void. I have no' doubt of it. My experience ;
as a lawyer for twenty-four yeais, has always j
satisfied me that whenever there is a case present- j
ed, there arc always some leading ear-marks i
aboutit which indicate unmistakably its true char- i
acter. You always know whether a transaction j
is honest or dishonest from its leading features, |
from the facts which stand out boldly on the face :
of the transaction; and I tell you that this sale has !
all the marks of favoritism and all the marks of |
fraud that can be found in any case that was ever
investigated in any court in Christendom. It was j
sold by political partisans to political partisans. !
It was sold in secret. It was sold by an agent of \
the Government appointed to make one sale to an J
agent of the Government appointed to make an- 1
other sale. It was sold by special friends, who j
received their appointment as a reward for party j
fidelity and party friendship. It has all those j
marks of fraud which stamp it, in my judg- i
ment, with infamy, and this House ought to re- j
scind it. I
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I have lis- 1
tened with attention, I must say with some sur-1
prise and great regret, to the remarks of the gen- ;
tlemen upon the other side of the House upon this i
question. It is a remarkable fact that all of their j
speeches to-day manifest that they have not re- :
garded the testimony. Detached portions of it '
have b'een cullfed by them, and repeated here.
Whether intentional or not, it has the effect of
making a false impression upon the country.
And here, sir, in the offset, I must congratulate
the House upon the fact that the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. GrowJ and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] have become con-
servators of the public morals; that they are now
keen to detect wrong and expose fraud and cor-
ruption*, for it will be recollected that during the
last Congress—I dislike to refer to the past, but
the bad spirit which animated these gentlemen in
their remarks to-day justifies the reference. I say
it will be recollected, for it is not so long as to be
forgotten, that when fraud and corruption were
charged in this body last Congress, the investi-
gation proved these grave and odious crimes to
rest on none others than members of the gentle-
men's own party. I can account for the zeal of
the gentlemen now, and attribute it to that motive
of human action which teaches misery to love
company. I tell them, however, that they had
better direct their zeal to some just object of offi-
cial scrutiny, and not engage in the vain endeavor
to detect something in this transaction justifying
their indignant and virtuous clamor.
Let us, Mr. Speaker, refer to the history of this
sale, so far as the Secretary of War is connected
with it. I am willing to rest the case upon that
history, and appeal to the judgment of every can-
did man, I care not to what party he belongs if
he will discard party prejudice, if there is anything
in the conduct of the Secretary of War in it, sep-
arated from that of every other party to it, which
will justify the least breath of suspicion affecting
his integrity as a public agent, or his honor as a
private citizen ? There is nothing in the testimony
which can be tortured, by any mode of inference,
remote or direct, into the least degree of anything
that is wrong in the official action of that distin-
guished functionary. Let us look at the author-
ity under which lie acted. The act of 1819 au-
thorized the Secretary of War to sell such of the
military sites as had become useless for military
purposes. The Attorney General decided that his
right to .sell was limited under the law to sites ac-
quired previous to its enactment. On the 3d of
March, 1857, Congress passed a law extending the
net of 1819 to such sites as had since become use-
less, or might thereafter become so. The discre-
tion, then, was clearly vested in him, of determ-
ining when they became useless, and of selling
them when they did. One of the very objects of
the net of 1857, was to effect the sale of this very
Fort Snelling site.
By a reference to the evidence of Mr. Rice,
who was then the Delegate from Minnesota, he
introduced a special, bill for the sale of Fort Snell-
ing. l ie consulted with those favorable to the
measure, and it was deemed best to put a general
provision in an appropriation bill, which would
provide for the sale of all military sites which
were useless, which general provision would em-
brace Fort Snelling. Fort Snelling had then be-
come worthless for military purposes; its sale
was then deemed due to a just regard for the pub-
lic interests, and that sale was one of the very
objects of the act of 1857. It is, then, clear that
the Secretary of War was vested with the author-
ity of determining when a military site became
useless for military purposes, and of selling it
when he had so determined.
Gentlemen endeavor to throw some suspicion
upon the manner in which this official judgment
vested in him by law was exercised, and to dis-
credit the idea of their judgment being properly
and legitimately used m this transaction, by in
sinuating that combinations existed between Gra-
ham, Mather, the commissioner, the Secretary
of War, and everybody else who acted either as
seller, commissioner, or purchaser in this trans-
action. I will here say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that if he has any
sense of justice, he ought to strike from his speech
that portion of it where he says that'it was de-
termined by the Secretary of War, on consulta-
tion with Mather, and after conversation with
Eastman, that this sale was to take place.
This charge was also made by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] while the fact is
shown by the record, clearly and conclusively,
that he had determined to sell it before he had an
interview with either of them. Why did he de-
termine to sell it? He did so because he had been
authorized, by the act of 3d March, 1857, to seil
all military sites useless for military purposes,
and he had determined Fort Snelling to be one of
that character. His attention had been clearly
directed to it by the history of the legislation on
the subject. He gave the matter his considera-
tion; and, exercising the discretion vested in him
under the law, made the sale. Other gentlemen
have gone on and made a statement as to the in-
terview between Dr. Graham and the Secretary
of War, and that between Mr. Heiskell and that
functionary. The character of these interviews
justifies none of their insinuated suspicions; in-
deed, they are hardly worth alluding to in the
discussion of this subjcct. I desire to direct the
attention of gentlemen on the other side to Major
Eastman's testimony. He says that in the be-
ginning of April the Secretary of War gave him
instructions to go to the site and survey it, and
that he would send an agent there to sell it.
It is, then, clear that the Secretary of War had
determined to make this sale before any interview
was had between him and any other person. It
is shown by the record of this case, from the be-
ginning to the end.
What else? While I must do the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] the credit of saying
(because, as a general thing, I believe) that he is
the fairest man among the Opposition upon this
floor, I was the more surprised at the qualifica-
tions with which he accompanied the statement
of his belief that fraud was not proved upon the
Secretary of War in this transaction. He did not,
with his usual boldness, march up like a man and
say even that he believed there was fraud, and
that the Secretary of War was a party to it, but
he leaves the country to infer the truth of the
charges of fraud, by saying that, if upon a jury,
he would feel bound to bring in a Scotch verdict
of " not proven."
This is an unfair way of dealing with this ques-
tion. It leaves an inference which no candid mind
will, on an examination of the testimony, concede
that it justifies.
Let us now look at the instructions given by the
Secretary of War to these agents; and I ask if there
is a man in this country who could have guarded
the interests of the country more securely than he
has in this sale ? Those instructions were of the
fullest nature, and provided all the safeguards
necessary to protect the public interest against
combinations in the Territory and against collu-
sion, on the part of the agents, with the purchas-
ers. By those instructions, what were those com-
missioners to do ? They were to cut up and divide
that reservation into forty-acre lots, and to sell
it either in whole or in part, after public adver-
tisement, or by private sale. It directs, further-
more, in accordance with the suggestions of the
former distinguished Secretary of War, (Jeffer-
son Davis,) and of the Quartermaster General,
General Jesup, that they shall not sell it below a
certain minimum price. The Secretary tells them
to ascertain whether there are parties living on
the reserve who are equably entitled to a preemp-
tion right; and whether improvements have been
placed there by the authority of the Government.
He further instructs them to ascertain the value
of the public improvements upon it, and whether
the reserve is longer needed for military purposes.
This is the substance of the instructions; and I
appeal to the fairness of gentlemen upon the Re-
publican side of the Chamber to say whether those
instructions of the Secretary of War did not em-
brace everything that a sagacious and prudent
statesman would have suggested to guard the in-
terests of the Government? Was there anything
left undone in those instructions that he ought to
have done? I cannot for my life see that a single
thing was omitted.
Such is the history of the connection of the
Secretary of War with the sale previous to its
disposal. If gentlemen will read the report of the
commissioners, they will find that every aspect
of the Secretary of War's instructions was no-
ticed by them and regarded. The Secretary re-
ceived their report on the 17th of June; and sub-
mitted it to the President on the same day. It
was approved by the President on the same day;
and afterwards, on the 2d day of July, he con-
firms the sale.
This is the entire history of the connection of
the Secretary of War with the matter; and I ask,
is there a single fact elicited which has not been
