1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
mm
law-making power Tor this people;-and so long as
they hic governed under the Constitution of the
United SiafuK, of which country they are citizens,
they are governed in the proper way. But sup-
pose that'it did take away the right of self-gov-
ernment: does the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from New York give theirr that right?
Very far from it; for if the people should, with
perfect unanimity, desire the election of four in-
dividuals at the first election, they cannot get
them. No man has the right to vote fur more than
two, and consequently the citizens are disfran-
chised as to one half the board at each election.
The commission must be a party one. It is true
that the parties will be equally balanced.
I propose to look at the thoorv of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] lie must be a law-
yer, and a criminal lawyer. I believe that it is a
common expression, when great crimes have been
committed, for counsel and others to get up what
they call <4 a theory of the offense." The gentle-
man has his theory, and it is this: that the de-
moralization and corruption of society in Wash-
ington has taken place in consequence of the
maxim that " to the victors belong the spoils."
He is opposed to anv patronage being dispensed
on party grounds. I do not wish to say anything
in answer to the gentleman's theory, but I will'
propose a theory myself, that will not go back as
far as the year j844, to hunt up disturbances at
the polls, that will, I think, come nearer to the
truth than the gentleman's theory. I have heard !
of another maxim, very rife,voiy frequently pro-
nounced—a soit of political shibboleth, that was
in everybody's mouth a few yeais ago, butseems
to have passed away, i allude to that great doc-
trine which was going to overturn ail parties,
and be the foundation of a new order of things,
that " Americans should rule America." I think
that most of the disorders at elections,and politi-
cal demoralization in the capital, are to be traced
to that maxim, and the doings proceeding from
those banded together to carry it out. It may be
that the gentleman,in the course of his political
expei ience, has regarded that maxim with great
favor.
Thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr.Marshall]
has great fear, great apprehension, of ptetorinn
guards. He does not like that the people of the
country should be interfered with in t heir innocent
diversions. Ho supposes that these one hundred
po icemen will overrun the country and will event-
ually put up the Government for sale, like the
pretorian guards of ancient Home. We are all
very apt to bring with us from home our stand-
ards of right and wrong, politically and otherwise.
I suppose that the gentleman is entirely satisfied
with the standard of order that exists in his own
city of Louisville, and I have no disposition to
quarrel with him on that subject; he lias a right
to his opinion; but the peculiar condition of his
city is a matter of public history. I fit be true, then,
that this is his standard of a well-governed city,
and that he squares his ideas of municipal gov-
ernment according to the order that prevails there,
his opposition to this bill is an argument in its
favor rather than against it.
Mr. Chairman, i hold it to be the duty of this
Congress to pass some law. I am not particular
about its form. Rather than vote against-any law,
I would vote to give tire commissioners to the par-
ty which holds the other side of this House, for
I am not so uncharitable as to believe that it has
not an abundance of good men to appoint for the
discharge of responsible duties. All public func-
tionaries are more or less elected on party grounds.
Does that d'squalify them ? I regard it as an ob-
jection that judicial officers are so elected;and for
standing out against the doctrine of the election of
the judiciary on party grounds, £ brought upon
my political reeoid Uie dreadful blemish that is
occasionally cast up to me by those who in the
same breath complain of attempts to read them
oat of the Democratic party. But so it is thatjudi-
cial and all other officers are elected. Theirelec-
tion is, to a greater or loss extent, influenced by
their politics.
But that is not the only consideration, I hope
and trust, which weighs in their selection, or
would govern the appointment of policemen for
this city, i say that the life of any citizen ofthese
United States is, with me, above all party, and
above all price. Ay, sir, the life of any foreigner
•who may perchance have forsaken his distant
home to come to this boasted land of liberty, in
pursuance of the invitations in our constitutions
and l'iws, and who places himself under the pro-
tection of those constitutions and lows—the life
of that man, and his protection while here, are,
with me, above all party and above' all price.
Whether he be Protestant or Catholic, Irishman or
German, native-born orforeigner, the fact that he
stands upon the national soil ofthese United States
and in the District where the seat of Government
is located, should be a shield as potent for his pro-
tection, as were the words,<{ I am a Roman citi-
zen," to the countrymen of Cicero. It should
throw around him a wall of security. It is the
duty of this body to lay aside party and-all other
considerations that stand in the way of producing
just that kind of security under the law within
this city and this D:stri''t; and I },r!;eve liiat the
bill of the Senate is eminently calculated to pro-
duce that result. I believe that the bill reported
by th<  chairman of the Committee for the District-
of Columbia will answer that purpose; and so I
believe wif h reference to the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Ohio.
I think, sir, that it is a small compliment to
give to the President of the United States theap-
pointment of a chief of police in his own city. It
is to be regarded, 1 presume, as a small addition
to h*is patronage. But I will not vote against
any reasonable proposition which lias for its ob-
ject to afford peace and protection to the people
'here, because it takes away patronage from the
President. If it be the pleasure of the House to
prefer the proposition of t he gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lciter] 1 will go forthnt. But I will n< ver
vole for the proposition of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dodd,] or any other that has stamped
upon ns face the word party, or recognizes the
existence of party.
Mr. Chairman, I, of course, except from any-
thing I have said in regard to political partis in
speeches, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Matnaud] wholast addressed the com-mittee, and
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman.]
I see nothing of that character in what they said,
1 do protest, however, against such language as
was used by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Comins.] He talked about this k< corrupt,
repudiated Administration." A corrupt Admin-
istration ! Who says that it is corrupt > Let us
come to the point. Who says that this is a cor-
rupt Administration ? Do gentlemen propose to
answer in the affirmative? Very well. Where
is the corruption ? Do you know of it? Can you
point it out ? If so, the people have sent you here
as a grand jury, under the Constitution of the
United States,and it is your duty to present that
corruption. Do your duty, if others do not.
Mr. STANTON. One thins at a time.
Mr. HUGHES. And one election at a time;
and wh<-n you are beaten, try again. Begin in
time, and manufacture capital enough for the next
canvass. When a Republican House of Repre-
sentatives was in session here, a national con-
vention of that party met arulgiavely arraigned a
Democratic Administration on charges of murder,
arson, and divers other offenses. Many gentle-
men who occupied seats upon this floor at that
time, were members of that convention, and pre-
sented that indictment to the people of the United
Slates in their patty platform, and had the Dem-
ocratic Administration tried on it. The verdict
was "not guilty," as they well knew it would be.
Not one of those sworn Representatives dared
stand up m his place upon this floor and make the
charge of complicity with murder or arson against
arty public functionary who could be reached by
process of impeachment from this House. I say,
in regard to all these things, " evil be to him that
evil thinks." Itis not the first man thatcriesout
corruption who is the purest.
I desire to be understood distinctly as assailing
the motives and integrity of no man on this floor
or elsewhere. I have no design of that kind, and
merely repel what I deem an unfounded and un-
necessary charge—a charge calculated to have a
prejudicial effect upon measures before us for le-
gislative action.
i shall give my support, sir, first, to the Senate
bill; second, to the biil of the House, as reported
from the Committee for the District of Columbia; j
and, it* neither of these be adopted, then to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Leiter.] Under no circumstances shall I
vote for, and Lhope the House, will, never pass,,
such a proposition as the.amendment of the, gen.?,
tleman from New. York, [Mr. Dodd.]
Mr. THOMPSON* obtained the floop.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman.yields Inwilh
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. REAGAN, if the gentleman.from New
York does not desire to speak thisievening, Lhopa
lie-will allow me the floor for a.few: minutes. -
Mr. THOMPSON, if I can have the floor in,
the morning I have no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. B*r unanimo-u^ consent
the gentleman can retain his-right to the floor, and
let the gentleman from Texas proceed this even-
ing.
There was no objection.
Mr. REAGAN. Itis my pwpose,Mr. Chair-
man, to vote against the oil"! now unuer consider-
ation in all its forms; and' as the principles of the
bill in some form have received the sanction of
nearly all the other-branches of the National Lc*
gisiature, and as the discussion in this committee,
and especially on the Republican side of the House,
has had a tendency towards making H a party
question here, I desire to make a few remarks.
A few days ago, Mr. Chairman, I, with a num-
ber of other gentlemen, was readout of the Dem-
ocratic party.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, you got bask safe
this morning.
Mr. REAGAN. I-was-go tog- to say that I ap-
prehend it will require the Washing-on Union 6o
read meoutof the Democratic party once, at least,
in three days, to keep me out of it. I' am go-ing
to vote on this measure as I did on five deficiency
bill, upon my judgment and my convictions. 1
tried to get an opportunity to state the reasons
why I would vote agamst the deficiency bill, but
under the rules of the House I could not do so. I
shall, however, if I get an opportunity, hereafter
state those reasons, in order that that paper which
professes to be the organ of the Democratic'party,
may not, on false statement*, manufactured by
itself, send the intelligence to m-y-people, that I
am out of the Democratic party. I understand
that as this bill is a special order, in committee, I
cannot do so now. I must seek an opportunity
hereafter.
As I am read out of the party because-1 would
not give my sanction to the-vo-ung of a-gr t ity
of $72,(500 to certain officfcrs<of this House, for
services for which they were paid, and as ray
view of tins question is, that it is but another of
the list of plunder measures, 1 suppose 1 will be
in danger, if 1 refuse again to vote away money
uselessly to pension the lobby members and loaf-
ers in the House and in the city of Washington,
of being again read out of the Democratic party.
Besides my unwillingness to be read out of fcfo
Democratic party, 1 have some objections in prin-
ciple, which, to my mind, are insuperable obsta-
cles in the way of voting for this bill. We, sir,
recognize in the American theory of Government
that the people are capable of self-government.
This bill, in principle-, denies the fact that the
people of the city of Washington are capable evf
self-government. The people of this- city have
their charter; it is an incorporated city; it has its
judges; it has its magistrates; it has its consta-
bles; it has its city police; it has its body of laws.
Why then, sir, is not life and property secure
here ? The reason has perhaps been given by
some members on this floor, as existing in the
worthless*>ess, corruption, and inefficiency of the
magistracy of the city of Washington. I need
not be told they are Democratic justices of the
peace, or that they are Republican justices of the
peace, or that it is Democratic law, or Republican
law, under which the city is governed; I know of
no such distinctions in law.
If another reason is desired why life and prop-
erty are insecure in this city, let any gentleman
start from this Capitol, and walk the length of
Pennsylvania avenue, and ask the peaceable and
law-abiding citizens of this city why hfe and prop-
erty are insecure, and they will tell you that, if A
citizen is knocked down, or if he is stabbed, or
if he is shot, by one of these States-hose gentle-
men, or one of the Plug Uglies, who-ruled Balti-
more till they got tired, and then came to Wash-
ington to rule it, the offender may perhaps be
taken up, and perhaps not. He may be tak^n
before one of these magistrates, and there, as is
asserted, he gives, straw-boil, as it is called, and
