1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
by law to apply it. Well, sir, the money has
been so applied; and now they come here and ask
us to give* to the armories $360,000 after there has
been already expended on the armories $200,000;
and it does not require much arithmetic to show
that that will be an appropriation of §560,000 to
the armories, while you cutoff theoiiilitiaentirely.
Ah, but (says the gentleman from Virginia) it was
intended only as a temporary loan, and we intend
to give it back to the militia. Then, sir, if that
be so, let us make the appropriation according to
law, and let us teach the head of the ordnance
bureau, the Secretary of War, and everybody else
who is in the Executive Departments, that they
have no authority to retransfer appropriations. If
there has been a substantial diversion of the fund
that we have already appropriated, let us make
the appropriation of $200,000 ourselves, under the
proper head,and stop this confusion in the Exec-
utive Departments, which begets looseness in the
management of the accounts of the Government,
and lot us teach our executive officers that when
Congress makes an appropriation they may not
.use it at their own will and pleasure.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Kentucky
and the gentleman from Virginia have both fairly
explained the question now before the House. In
the Army appropriation bill of the last Congress
there wag an appropriation of $200,000 to supply
the militia with arms; but the appropriation for
the manufacture of arms at the armories was omit-
ted, and the omission has been supplied by a trans-
fer from the appropriation for furnishing arms to
the mititia to the head of manufacturing arms.
I concur with the gentleman from Kentucky that
there was no propriety in that transfer in the man-
ner in which it has been done.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I would in-
quire of the gentleman if there was any law for
it?
Mr. CURTIS. There is a law for it; but that
law, as the gentleman from Kentucky has shown,
has not been complied with. The officers of the
Government have not carried out the law techni-
cally, and the President has not reported. It is
true, that the Attorney General has decided that
no such transfer was necessary. I do not concur
with the Attorney General, nor does the gentle-
man from Kentucky. I think the Attorney Gen-
eral was mistaken in supposing that the manu-
facture of arms and the furnishing of arms were
so assimilated that an appropriation, made for the
one object, could be applied to the other. If such
was the intention of Congress, why have separate
appropriations always been made—one for the
manufacture and one for the supply of arms ?
Mr. MAPJ3HALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in my view of the law. The
law provides for the furnishing of arms and equip-
ments to the whole body of the militia, either by
purchase or manufacture, by and on account of
the United States. 1 do not hold that the opinion
of the Attorney General is wrong. On the con-
trary, I think that it is right. But, as the ord-
nance bureau has.applied the $200,000 for pro-
viding arms for the militia to the manufacture of
arms at the armories, and has exhausted that ap-
propriation for the relief of the armories, if we
now appropriate $360,000 in addition to that, we
shall have appropriated $560,000 to the armories.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand the gentleman's
position; but I deny that the distribution of arms
among the militia could be legitimately and prop-
erly applied to the manufacture of arms, because
it has always been the custom to separate those
different items; and although the words " manu-
facture or purchase'5 are used, it was not intended
that the appropriation of $200,000 for furnishing
the militia should go to the manufacture of arms
at the armories; bccause, if so, why make a dis-
tinction in the appropriations? But why should
we trouble ourselves about the matter? The
ordnance department report distinctly that the
purpose is to retransfer the $200,000 immediately
after this appropriation is made, for the purpose
of manufacturing arms. The $200,000, wc have
the assurance of the Department, will be devoted
to the furnishing of arms to the militia. The bill
is now before us. It has been delayed until this
period of the session, and it is time that it was
passed. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Chaffee] has shown that the money is now
needed to pay the men employed in the armo-
ries
There is no harm to grow out of the passage
of this bill; but justice will be done by it, because
the transfer will be made immediately on the books
of the department back to the supply fund, and
then the accounts will be right. While I object
to the original movement in the department, I con-
cur in the propriety of this mode of correcting it.
No harm or injustice can grow out of it. The
funds will be properly arranged in the department.
Therefore, I am in favor of the bill, and hope it
will pass, because it is time it should be passed.
The object of the misapplication was a good one.
It was to prevent the throwing out of employment
of a vast number of hands engaged in those arm-
ories. The object was, therefore, a good one, and
the officers were acting right, under that opinion
of the Attorney General. "This bill is only to sup-
ply this error of the last Congress, and 1 hope it
will be now passed by the House.
Mr. STANTON. I understood the gentleman
from Iowa to intimate that he disapproved of the
manner in which this fund has been transferred.
If so, then I would inquire of him whether he does
not regard it as being the duty of this House, if
that fund is to be replaced, to make an appropri-
ation in name, as an appropriation for the distri-
bution of arms to the militia, and that the appro-
priation in this bill be limited to the amount
necessary to keep the armories for the rest of the
year? I submit that we are surrendering the
prerogative of Congress, if we permit this illegal
transfer.
Mr. CURTIS. The opinion of the Attorney
General is, of course, worthy of more considera-
tion by this House than is my opinion. He says,
it is right. I still am of the opinion that he may
be wrong; but I submit that, if the officers of the
Government have erred, wc should visit the con-
sequences of the error upon the officers them-
selves, and not on the persons engaged in those
armories. They should not be left with their
wages unpaid. If the transfer of the fund has been
improperly made, we can do nothing more than
we now do by our voices—express our disappro-
bation of that act and of the course pursued by
the Department. By the passage of this bill, jus-
tice will be rendered to those individuals who are
now deprived of their pay; they will receive their
wages; and the fund, so temporarily misapplied,
will be restored to Us proper object. If there has
been any error, it has occurred in the Department,
and our expression of opinion should be sufficient
to prevent its repetition.
Mr. HUGHES called for the previous question,
and demanded tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of Kentucky, and Craige, of North Carolina,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered, which was on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time. i
Mr. FAULKNER. Have I a right, having re- j
ported the bill, to speak to it now? ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the j
gentleman is entitled to his hour. [
Mr. FAULKNER. I propose to occupy for j
a short time the attention of the House, in reply-
ing to some of the objections which have been
urged against the passage of this bill. I desire,
in the first place, to correct what might have left
an improper impression upon the part of the
House.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
The previous question has been seconded; and as
| the bill has never been discussed in Committee of
: the Whole, and I do not understand it to be the
privilege of the chairman of the standing commit-
tee in the House to occupy the time of the House
for an hour m closing the debate. I understand
that he is entitled to that puvilege only when the
bill has been considered in Committee of the
i Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Virginia is entitled to his hour
to close the debate upon ihe bill. The gentleman
from Virginia has not availed himself of the priv-
I ilege of closing debate in committee; and the Chair
is of opinion, that the debate having been ordered
to be closed, the gentleman reporting the bill is
entitled to an hour to close debate.
Mr STANTON. I ask the Chair to have the
rule read.
The first clause of the 34th rule was read, as
follows:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in dftbate
on any question in the House or in committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under considerauou from a com-
mittee, may open and close the debate."
Mr. STANTON. X withdraw my question of
order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I shall not occupy the
time of the House for more than a few minutes
in reply to the objections which have been urged
against this bill. And I will first notice the re-
mark which fell from the gentleman frofn Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] which might leave the impres-
sion upon the mind of members, that all the in-
formation necessary to throw light upon this
subject was not before the House. It is true, sir,
that this information was not before the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs when they first acted on
the subject. But, sir, the special report of the
head of the ordnance department, sent in at a
subsequent day, was read to the committee, and
will be laid before the House before I have con-
cluded my remarks. It proceeds to state that this
entire sum is necessary to carry on the national
armories. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] in the comments which he has made
upon this bill, has manifestly fallen into an error;
and he has confounded this proceeding with the
system of transfers originally authorized by the
act of 1809, but which has since been repealed
by Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I beg the
gentleman's pardon, I have fallen into no such
error.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman spoke of
the President making a report during the first
week of a Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman will indulge me, I will correct him. I will
show that I have not fallen into an error. There
has been no transfer; but this has been a legal
appropriation. According to the opinion of the
Attorney General, the $200,000 which has been
used in your national armories for the manufac-
ture of arms was a legal appropriation; and there-
fore you do not want this $360,000 to supply the
arms which are annually distributed to the States.
And I submit, further, that if you propose to make
this appropriation for the purpose of giving it that
direction, there is no power to transfer it, as they
propose.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman then con-
cedes that this was not a transfer?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. FAULKNER. Under the act of 1809, a
transfer of an appropriation to another object
than that for which it was originally intended
was the final and absolute disposition of the fund.
It was a system then commenced, but which was
leading to the most dangerous consequences. It
has since been repealed; and is not now allowed
in any Department of the Government at all, ex-
cept in a few specified cases. It is conceded that
the action of the ordnance bureau, under these
circumstances, m making this application of this
fund, was legal. It was done under the authority
of the Attorney General. If 1 understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] he does
not himself question the legality of the act by
which this fund was appropriated for the manu-
facture of arms.
Now, sir, in reference to this act of 1808, by
which the ordnance department is authorized to
use $200,000 per annum to arm and equip the
militia of the States, it will be seen by that law,
that it has power to apply that fund either to the
purchase of arms and equipments or to their man-
ufacture. But the mistake which gentlemen have
manifestly fallen into on this subject, consists in
the idea that these arms and military equipments
are to be manufactured at the national armories.
Why, sir, I will state, that but a small portion of
the distribution of arms and equipments which
takes place under authority of that law, consists
of rifles or muskets. Under the law, the Govern-
ment is to furnish such arms or equipments as the
States themselves may demand. Some of them
call for cannon, some for swords, some for pow-
der, and some percussion caps—but all comes out
of that $200,000, appropriated for arming and
equipping the militia of the States.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia a question: I understand the object
