1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
detailed by me? I appeal to the House, if there
is anything in all this, so far as that distinguished
fu net ionary of the Government is concerned, upon
which you can say thathe has been guilty of fraud,
corruption, or want of sagacity in the discharge
of his duties? In my judgment there is nothing.
Now, sir, let it not be understood that I charge
gentlemen with motives which they do not avow.
The members who made this majority, report
have been polite and courteous to me during all of
our intercourse upon this investigation. I speak
of the ^gentlemen from Vermont and Indiana,
[Mr. Morjiill and Mr. Pettit.] They will bear
me,witness that there never was an investigation
made in connection with this Government, more
searching in its character than that of this se-
lect committee. I went upon it with impressions
upon my mind unfavorable to that sale; and why?
On account'of the publications which had been
made in the partisan newspapers of the country,
I was impressed with the belief that there was
something wrong about it. I determined, as a
member of the committee, to make a searching
and rigid investigation of all the facts; and the
gentlemen making the majority report will bear
me witness that my colleague [Mr. Faulkner]
and myself allowed them to take their own course
in the investigation, without asking the least re-
striction of their very extensive license. They
went into the affairs of the witnesses themselves,
and into matters which had nothing to do with
the subject of investigation; but we did not demur
to it. We interposed no objection, butlcft them
free to pursue their own wishes.
Let me, then, tpll the gentlemen who made the
majority report why I complain of it. I under-
stood them as agreeing with the entire committee
that there was nothing in the transaction which
showed fraud and corruption, or want of integrity,
in that officer. But those gentlemen had not, I
like to have said, the manliness to make the charge
openly; anyhow, they did not, for some cause, I
know not what, do it in their report; but they in-
sinuate it under the guise of {fgrave official error.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not suppose the gentle-
man from Kentucky intends to do us any injus-
tice, and I wish to recall to his mind precisely the
position which we occupied. It was this: that
the private character of the Secretary of War was
not on trial; that it was his public act which was
on trial; and when this particular matter was dis-
cussed in committee, the gentleman will remem-
ber that my words were:
" While I do not think that any of the money lias gone
into the pocket of the Secietaiy, yet I do think he was
guilty of pek-o a! and political pattiality in the sale."
Mr. BURNETT. You did not come up and
make the charge of fraud, because that is a spe-
cific accusation which could have been met, and
that we were prepared to meet and refute. Yet,
by innuendo and insinuation, the majority charge
that there was collusion between the commis-
sioners and the purchasers, and by inference rest
a charge upon the Secretary of War that he was
a party to it. If these gentlemen had believed
that the Secretary of War was guilty of any con-
duct which showed a want of integrity upon his
part, or that he had been guilty of any official
conduct which did not become him as an execu-
tive officer of this Government, they ought to
have said so Instead of doing that, their report is
characterized by a diversion upon collateral facts;
and in some instances they mistook the testimony
—not intentionally, I trust—and they parade be-
fore this House and the country such matters as
that Mr. Commissioner Heiskell said that " he
had been a hard student of newspapers," and also
a conversation between Heiskell and Secretary
Floyd, all for the purpose of converting the fa-
miliar conversations between the Secretary and
the commissioner, who was his old and tried
friend, into a means of creating a suspicion that
something, not exactly right, was at the bottom
of this social intercourse.
Mr. PETTIT. With the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, I desire to say a word.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly, if I have done the
gentleman injustice. I do not want to do any gen-
tleman injustice.
Mr. PETTIT. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Faulkner] also referred to improper quo-
tations of the testimony. I trust the gentleman
from Kentucky will indicate wherein improper
quotations have been made.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
that here are three gross misquotations of the tes-
timony. I have not time to stop to go into that
matter now, however. ^ *
But I want to call attention to another fact con-
nected with this report. After making these state-
ments, instead of taking up the matters which we
were charged to investigate by the resolution of
the House, theife is an evident attempt, on the
part of the majority, to mislead the public mind
from the acts of the officers charged with this sale,
and the conduct of the Secretary of War in con-
nection with it, by bringing into their report the
actions of the purchasers of the property; and
they not only do that, but they undertake to con-
nect the Secretary of War with the conduct of
witnesses who have testified in this case. Now,
if there had been anything improper on the part
of the Secretary of War; if he had been guilty of
any act, in his connection with this matter, that
stamped his conduct as an officer with fraud or
corruption of any sort, the gentlemen ought to
have made the charge specifically, so that the
House and the country might have known what
it was.
It will be impossible for me, Mr. Speaker, in
the course of one hour, to notice all the matters
involved in this investigation; but I want to call
the attention of the House to the reasons which
controlled the agents of the Government in making
the sale in the manner in which it was made, and
I think if the gentleman from Ohio" [Mr. Stan-
ton] will give mo his attention, he will see that
so far as the interests of thepublicTreasury were
concerncd, the mode of sale adopted by those
agents was the only one by which anything could
be realized. If you will examine the evidence of
Mr. Rice, now a Senator from the State ot Min-
nesota; of Mr. Becker, who was elected to a seat
upon this floor, and of other witnesses, you will
find that they prove that there is a systematic
organization in the neighborhood of this site,
formed for the express purpose of preventing any
lands owned by the Government being; sold for
more than the minimum price of $1 25 an acre.
This fact is fully established by the testimony of
those gentlemen, and refutes the idea that at a
public sale the property would have brought as
much as it did. Another fact justifying this mode
of sale is this: gentlemen can find nut one single
instance in the whole history of land sales by this
Government where they have sold for as good a
price as this, except in the case of the sale made
by Judge Burc.hard, I believe, within the corporate
limits of the city of Chicago, where the immense
value of town lots in so growing a city necessarily
appreciated greatly the value of the property, and
where the large competition for city lots prevents
combination. The evidence discloses the fact that
in all other sales of military reservations made by
the Government, there have always been combi-
nations which prevented a fair price being ob-
tained.
If you will raise a committee, and make an in-
| vestigation in regard to a former sale of a por-
tion of this reservation, I think you would dis-
cover some facts which will disclose the results of
these combinations to which I have alluded, and
indorse the action of the agents of the Govern-
ment m making this sale.
In 1852, this reservation was reduced, and
immediately afterwards it was understood that
some twenty-odd thousand acres of the land
were to he sold. A combination was then formed
by which that land was to be bought up at $1 25
an acre. But they did not stop at that; they went
upon the lands on the east side of the river, and
| squatted; there were as many as two claims upon
| every quarter section, and these men agreed
| among themselves that they were to buy that
| land and hold it, and that certain individuals were
| to bid it off at £1 25 an acre. An act of Congress
was afterwards passed, giving settlers the right
to preempt on the east side of the river, and they
took that land at $1 25 an acre, under the pre-
emption laws. But there were still five thousand
acres of this land unsold, in what is known as the
Stillwater district. I want the House to bear m
mind that, according to the testimony, there was
upon that land perhaps the best water power in
the Union, and it included wh&t is now the city
of Minneapolis.
Now, sir, how was that land sold? It was sold
at public auction. There was no charge of cor-
ruption or fraud on the part of the agents who
sold it; and how was it sold? The proof in this
record shows—I speak from the record and intend
to confine myself to it—that the beneficiari.es of
this sale made contracts with the parties upon the
land, in direct and express violation of law; they
made contracts as to who were to bid that land
olT, and by which the parties were to have the
benefit of their preemptions, and the claim was
proved up and they got possession of the land,
having purchased the preemptors* claim before the
sale was made. That land is situated, as I have
said before, in the Stillwater district, and includes
a valuable water power, and what is now a por-
tion of the town of Minneapolis.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. The lands in Min-
neapolis were sold at the Minneapolis land office.
The lands on the east side of the river were sold
at Stillwater. I was not there at the time, but I
am conversant with the facts.
Mr. BURNETT. Some of these lands were
worth $1,000 an acre, and some selling for $6,000
and $10,000 an acre, whilst, by a combination be-
tween the parties, when sold at public auction,
the Government received for it but $1 25 an acre.
This fact shows the wisdom of the course in resort-
ing to private instead of public sale m disposing
of the balance of the reserve. I wish to say that
I agree with my colleague on the committee, [Mrl
Faulkner,] in his report, in disapproving of .--ales
of this character. I hold that as a general rule,
the lands of the General Government ought to be
sold in such a manner and in such quantities as
to afford to every man a fair chance of buying
them. But there is everything in this transac
tion that would make it a just exception to such
a rule.
Now,let us look at it, and see whether the com-
missioners acted wisely and discreetly, under the
circumstances, in selling the lands in the manner
they did. The gentleman from Indiana says, in
his majority report, that Mr. Heiskell did not un-
derstand the preemption laws, did not understand
the laws under which he was acting, and thought
that Steele was entitled to a thousand acres of land.
Now, I say to the gentleman that there is not
one particle of testimony in this record to support
any such assettion, and they do injustice to Mr.
Heiskell in this, as in another quotation from
the testimony. lie says, in his testimony, that
Steele was not legally entitled to preemption, and
that McKcnzie had no legal right to preemption.
He places it upon the ground that these men,
having gone there and made valuable improve-
ments with the permission and under the author-
ity of the Government, were equitably entitled to
preemption rights, and that such rights ought to
be allowed them; and so say I. Because of this
sound opinion Mr. Heiskell is held up to the public
scrutiny as a man who did not know what he was
about.
Well, now, sir, let us look at the qualifications
of Mr. Heiskell. He was not an ignorant man.
It is true, he had been " a hard student of the
newspapers;" but, sir, if some gentlemen on this
floor had studied the newspapers a little more,
they might know more.
Mr. PETTIT. Will the gentleman allow me
to refer him to the evidence?
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman will have his
hour hereafter.
Mr. PETTIT. I only wish to refer the gen-
tleman to the evidence now to give him an oppor-
tunity to reply to it.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I cannot yield. I
say there is no man in this House who will take
the evidence and read it, who will not find a satis-
factory reason given by Mr. Heiskell for his con-
duct in this sale. When he is asked why he
disposed of the property at private sale, what
reason does he give? Why, sir, that nearly all
public property which has been disposed of at
public auction has been sold at a very low rate,
in consequence of combinations formed; that not
many years before, when a reduction of this res-
ervation took place, the most valuable part of it
was sold at public auction for$l 25 per acre; that
according to all precedent, as soon as the fact
had been made public that the reservation was to
be brought into market, men would have gone on
it and squajted, and then would have procured the
passage of an act by Congress allowing them pre-
emption rights, tie knew that an organization
existed there for the purpose of preventing the
