1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
goes at large. The individual is wronged and in-1
jured; the community is wronged and injured. |
The officer has violated his duty and the law by \
not enforcing the law. And now, since the courts '
of the corporation have become so inefficient and
corrupt as no longer to afford security to life and
property, the people come here to the Congress
of this nation, and ask us to appropriate $100,000
to create an auxiliarypoliceforce to give security
to the city. That will have for effect to pension
over one hundred more hungry office-seekers, and
make that many more leeches to suck the life-
blood of the Government. And, sir, when this
is done, will the administration of the law be more
Cure ? Will life be more secure ? Will property
e better protected? These questions may be well
asked. I apprehend that the effect of it will only
be adding to that corrupuon which is now wit-
nessed. The accumulation of offices, and the ex-
travagant expenditure of the public money, are
the bane of the city of Washington.
Sir, while I do not desire to reflcct on any one,
it cannot well escape the attention of members
that there are a great many men from different
States oftheUnion residing m the city of Wash-
ington, who have not the honesty and industry to
labor for a living, who have not the skill to obtain
a living in some honorable profession; but who
come here to ask for public employment. I do
not mean by that to say that all who come here
for offices are of that description of men. Many
of them are not obnoxious to this charge. Rut
the remark that many persons were obnoxious to
it, I hold will be regarded as true by most persons
who have witnessed how things are conducted
here. And these men—more than one hundred
of them—are now to be pensioned upon the public
Treasury, if this bill is to become a law, and that,
too, in violation of the great fundamental princi-
ple in our theory of government—that the people
are capable of self-government. Here, sir, as
I said before, you have your ciLy magistracy, its
officers, and corporation, the President of the
United States, the heads of Departments, with
an army of officers around them; you have your
navy-yard, its officers and men, the arsenal, the
Smithsonian Institution, the observatory, the la-
borers upon the publicgrounds; in fact, you have
a city of offices and officeholders, under the protec-
tion of the Government—under the protection of
the city; and yet you come here with a bill to
pension more than a hundred leeches, who desire
to be fed by the public.
Now, sir, the day this Congress passes an act
to protect the lives and property of the people of
this city, you declare, in substance, that the peo-
ple of Washington are no longer capable of self-
government. Is not that true?
>-JMr. HUGHES. 1 desire to ask the gentleman,
whether, under the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States, which confers upon Con-
gress exclusive legislative power over this Dis-
trict, the people are not governing themselves
according to the Constitution when Congress
passes the law? Is there any other way for them
to govern themselves?
Mr. REAGAN. I do not deny the constitu-
tional authority of Congress to pass this bill. It
is with me but a question of expediency. Con-
gress has, by the Constitution, the exclusive
right to legislate for this city. It has done what
seems to mo right under our system of govern-
ment, in giving this city a charu r to enable it to
govern itself. And I here remark, that whenever
the Government, independently of the means
furnished by the city for its own protection, at-
tempts by the expenditure of public money to
protect the lives and property of the people of the
city of Washington, it commits at anomalous act,
for which there is no parallel found in any State
of the Union. It has not been long since we
heard of murders, arsons, and outrages in the
cities of Baltimore, Louisville, andNew Orleans,
and a little further back, in Cincinnati, and many
other places. Did the Legislatures of those re-
spective States think of providing, at the expense
of the State, a police to keep in di*e order the cit-
izens of eitherof those cities ? Never; and simply
for the reason that the Legislature had done all
that duty required them to do; had done ail that
was consistent with the principle of self-govern-
ment when they granted charters to those cities,
and authoiizcd them to govern themselves.
It seems to me it la all that it is the duty of Con-
gress to do in this case to give to the city such
liberal legislation as will enable the people to gov-
ern themselves. If they have become so sunk in
corruption, so lost to all pride of character as
American citizens, as not to be capable of self-
government, let them move out into the country,
where the people are capable of self-gevernment.
They are not bound tostay here. The prime ob-
ject of this bill—and I mean no imputation upon
any member of the committee or of the House-
is not to.secure protection here. The prime ob-
ject is to secure the expenditure of public money.
I believe, though we now call it an auxiliary police
force for the city of Washington, a year or two
hence it will be a police bureau, and the next a
police department; and that, instead of appropri-
ating $100,000, as now proposed, Congress will,
to benefit its partisans, appropriate hundreds of
thousands of dollars a few years hence.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire very much to remove
the gentleman's objection, and I will state that
this measure has not been petitioned for by the
people of Washington; that the bill of the Senate
originated in a resolution of the Senale, and the
bill of the House in a resolution of the House.
If there is any desire to plunder, that desire must
originate in one or the otherbranch of Congress,
and not with the people of Washington.
Mr. REAGAN. I am not aware that  any
formal petition has been made by the citizens
of Washington to either the Senate or the House
of Representatives, but I venture this statement:
if you go among loafers of Washington city, or
among those who want public employment, every
one of them in the city who thinks he can get to
be a policeman, is an earnest advocate of this bill;
that all the lobby members of this House who
expect to be chief of police or lieutenants, are
anxious for the passage of this bill. I conceive
that the people of this city, good people, too, hon-
est people who have property here, desire protec-
tion, and if Congress will protect them in this way
they will not object. They will,of course, get all
the money they can. They would rather Con-
gress should deft ay the expenses of their police out
of the* money of the people of the United States,
than to pay for their own self-government. And
that is one of the great objections to this bill. Why
tax the people of the State of Texas and of Maine
to pay the expenses of the police regulations of the
city of Washington? Where is the justice of this?
Why do this at the expense of the great principle
of self-government, by virtually declaring that this
people are no longer capable of self-government.
They are perhaps willing to submit to the degra-
dation in order to get the money, but they cannot
sell themselves to me in that way.
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman was understood
to say that the chief and primary object of this
bill was the expenditure of money.
Mr. REAGAN. I think it probable that I
made use of some such expression; but I did not
mean 
Mr. GOODE. I wish the gentleman to desig-
nate the particular gentleman to whom he intends
to apply the remark.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman will wait, I
will make such an explanation as will be satisfac-
tory. I may not have qualified my remark as I
ought. I did not intend to impute to the honor-
able chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia, nor to any member of the commit-
tee, nor to any member of the House who may
vote for this bill, any such motive of action. I
meant to say that the great outdoor pressure ori-
ginates in that motive. I believe it. 1 may be
mistaken; but I am quite sure I am not wholly
mistaken.
I beheve I have stated all the grounds of objec-
tion to this bill that I intended to state; and I hope
I shall not be read out of the Democratic party
for voting against this leckless expendituie of
money—for I presume the bill will pass here as
it did in the Senate—as I was read out for voting
against the deficiency bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman, I
had not intended toaddress the committee on this
bill 
Mr. PEYTON. Will the gentleman yield for
a motion that the committee rise ?
Mr. JOHNCOCHRANE. I am willing to go
on now. I believe that the committee is willing
to hear me, and the quicker we dispatch this dis-
cussion, I think, the better. It is strictly a busi-
ness discussion. I had notintended to submit any
remarks to the committee upon this bill, but the
debate has taken such a wide ran?e, that I think
it essential,in reference to the objects we have in
view, that the attention of members should be
recalled to the proposition which we have under
consideration.
The simple question is this: whether a police
shall be instituted for the city of Washington ? In
order to arrive at a correct conclusion upon this
inquiry, the first question which presents itself,
and which must be primarily decided by us is,
whether there is any necessity for a police. Now,
the office of a police is concededly that of the con-
servation of life and of property, and thus we
at once approach this inquiry, whether property
here is unsafe, or life is imperiled. The prop-
erty around us is in danger at all times from plun-
derers and marauders. There is not, and never can
be anywhere in society, safety for real property,
or for chattels, so long as there are riches to be
acquired, and poverty to be suffered. It is, there-
fore, sir, a subject not admitting of argument, that
property is in need of conservation. Until you
shall have removed Washington to the wilder-
ness, or until you shall have established this Gov-
ernment elsewhere than here, and beyond the pale
of civilized society, the property, whether of the
United States or the property of individuals,
whether personal or real, must, and should be,
conserved. That is the answer to the first inquiry.
It is not for me, nor for any other man, at this
hour, or at this period of the session, to stand hes-
itating upon a question whether life is imperiled.
Sir, can it be denied that on yonder avenue men,
in the broad light of day, have been struck down
by murderous arms ? Can it be denied that force
and violence have been applied h«re within these
walls, and elsewhere without, to the peaceful cit-
izen, clothed in the full panoply of law, and act-
ing whether as lawmaker or law administrator?
Can there be a question that morals are at present
at serious discount? Can it be denied that as of-
ten as night descends, riot and contention arise ?
Who is there that taking his solitary walk by day
through these streets does not depend upon his
way-side companion, or his secret weapon, for
protection ? Who is there that can deny that
wherever he takes his way under darkness, it is
with trepidation lest before his return the mur-
derer and assassin's arm shali be raised against
him ?
But, sir, it is not for us to stand discussing
now whether a police is necessary for the city of
Washington. Why, the very fact that a police
has before this been formed, and thata police has
had an anteriorexistence, is evidence to us all that
a police is required; and that there have been these
dangers, these violations of rights, this peril of
limb and of life—all, all, is evidence that that
police is defective and inefficient; and it devolves
upon somebody somewhere to supply its weak-
ness and to relieve its defects. And who is to grant
this supply, or to administer to this relief, if it be
not those who are the law-makers, not only of the
people of the Union, but the especial law-makers
for the people of this Distriet? Why, sir, is it not
folly to say, that because gentlemen called here
from abroad produce these disturbances, therefore
the law-makers should not act? Is it not folly to
proclaim that because, forsooth, patronage maybe
created by the institution of a police force, there-
fore life and property should continue to be un-
safe ? There is n^ answer in that statement to the
necessity to which I have alluded; it furnishes no
argument why those who wield the assassin's
dagger should not be restrained.
Sir, I listened with a great deal of interest to
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitman,]
when he appealed rather to moral forces for pro-
tection than to physical efforts. Sir, it is violence
that we encounter;and violence accompanied by,
and arising from, depravity of heart, can only be
restrained by violence. They are kindred motive
powers. He who would deal with a madman
must restrain him by confinement; he who would
restrain the arm of the assassin must restrain it
by physical force. What lesson that you could
teach would restrain the dagger dripping with
blood, or would compel the murderer from his
mad career? What answer could you give to those
who are suffering beyond these walls in ever-
recurring peril, if you should vainly endeavor to
annul the highwayman's " stand and deliver' by
