556
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIJOBE.
[May 4,
35th Cc<no....1st Sess.
JLawd of the United States.
Florida Indian';, or Seminoles.—Far the last of
fifteen installments in goods, per (sixth article treaty
fourth January, eighteen hundred and forty-five,
two thousand dollars.
For the last of fifteen installments in money, per
sixth article treaty fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-five, and fourth article treaty ninth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, three
thousand dollars.
lowas.—For interest in lien of investment on i
fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars to the ,
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, at five !
per centum, for education or other beneficial pur- i
poses, under the direction of the President, per ;
second article treaty nineteenth October, eighteen j
hundred and thirty-eight, and ninth article treaty i
seventeenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, ;
two thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dol- j
lars.
Kansas.—For interest in lieu of investment on j
two hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum, i
per second article treaty fourteenth January, eigh- j
teen hundied and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Kaskaikias, Pernios, fVeas, and Piankeshaws.— 1
For second of three installments of nine thousand
dollars for the years eighteen hundred and filty-
seven, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and eigh- ;
teen hundred and iif'ty-rune, per sixth article treaty j
thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, 1
nine thousand dollars. ;
For the last of five installments for support of j
blacksmith and assistant, per sixth article treaty |
thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, j
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For the last of five installments for purchase of .
iron and steel, per sixth article treaty thirtieth ;
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two hun-
dred and twenty dollars. i
Kicloapooi.—For fifth installment of interest, at i
five per centum, on one hundred thousand dollars
for education, per second article treaty eighteenth ,
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thou- i
sand dollars.
For the payment of this sum as the fifth install- j
ment upon two hundred thousand dollars, to be
paid in eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, per sec- ]
on-d article treaty eighteenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and-lifty-four, fourteen thousand dollars. j
Menomonees. — For third of twelve installments |
for continuing and keeping up a blacksmith shop j
and providing the usual quantity of iron and steel, j
per fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eigh- j
teen hundred and foriy-eig'ht, and third article j
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nine hundred and sixteen dollars and sixty-
six cents.
For thud of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundied and forty-eight, and third
article treaty tweltth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.—For permanent provision
for blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel
for shop, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, and fourth article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
nine hundred and forty dollars. ■
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For their proportion of eighteenth of twenty
installments in money, per second article treaty
twenty-eighth November, eighteen hundred and
forty, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand six hundred
and thirty-six dollars and thirty-six cents.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of six equal annual installments to
Miamies residing on coded lands, for purchase of
former perpetual and other annuities and relin-
quishments of claims, per fourth article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty-
one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine dol-
lars and eleven cents.
Miamies of Indiana.—For their proportion of
eighteenth of twenty installments in money, per
second article treaty twenty-eighth November,
eighteen hundred and forty, and fourth article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six thousand eight hundred and sixty-three dol-
lars and sixty-four cents.
For interest on investment of two hundred and
twenty-one thousand two hundred and fifty-seven
dollars and eighty-six cents, at five per centum,
for Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and six-
ty-two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies, Eel River.—For permanent annuity in
goods or- otherwise, per fourth article treaty third
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Navajoes.—Forfulfilhng treaty stipulations with
the Navajoes, pursuant to the requirements of the
tenth article treaty ninth September, eighteen
hundred and forty-nine, five thousand dollars.
Nisqually, PuyalUip, and oilier tribes and bawls
of Indians.—For fulfilling the articles negotiated
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, with certain bands of Indians of Pu-
get sound, Washington Territory.
For fourth installment, in part payment for re-
linquishment of title to lands to be applied to
beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty twen-
ty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for pay of in-
structor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer, and
assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
Oinalias.—For the first of ten installments of
this amount, being secomjof the series, in money
or otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty
thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For fourth of ten installments for support of
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred
{! and forty dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for support of
farmer, per eightharticle treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
Osages.—For interest on sixty-nine thousand
one hundred and twenty dollars, at five per cent-
um, being the value of "fifty-four sections of land
set apart second June, eigh teen hundred and twen-
ty-five, for educational purposes, per Senate res-
olution eighteenth January, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, three thousand four hundred and
fifty-six dollars.
Oltoes and Missourias.—For the first of ten in-
stallments of this amount, being the second se-
ries, in money or otherwise, per fourth article
treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fif-
ty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of miller,
per seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty four, six hundred dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for blacksmith
and assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and forty
dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for farmer, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Ottowas and Chippewas of Michigan.—For third
of ten equal annual installments for educational
purposes, to be extended [expended] under the
direction of the President,according to the wishes
of the Indians, so far as may be reasonable and
just, per second article of the treaty of thirty-
'first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For third of five equal annual installments in
agricultural implements and carpenters' tools,
household furniture, and building materials, cat-
tle, labor, and necessary useful articles, per sec-
ond article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eigh-
j teen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen thousand dol-
'lars.
For third installment for the support of four
blacksmith shops for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, four thousand two hundred
and forty dollars.
For third installment of principal payable an-
nually for ten years, to be distributed per capita,
! in the usual manner of paying annuities, persec-
1 ond article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eigh-
j teen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars,
j For interest on two hundred and seventy-six
| thousand dollars, unpaid part of the principal
j sum of three hundred and six thousand dollars,
i for one year, at five percentum per annum, to be
i distributed per capita, in the usual manner of
; paying annuities, per second article of the treaty
! of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
j five, thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
| For third of ten equal annual installments, in
i lieu of former treaty stipulations, to be paid per
capita to the Grand River Ottawas, per second
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Ottowas of Kansas.—For their proportion of the
permanent annuities in money, goods, or other-
wise, payable undet the fourth article of the treaty
of third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-
five, second article of the treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven, fourth
article of the treaty of seventeenth September,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, and fourth article
of the treaty of twenty-ninth August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-one, two thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
Pawnees.—For agricultural implements, during
the pleasure of the President, per fourth article
treaty ninth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three, one thousand dollars.
Fottmatomies.—For permanent annuity in sil-
ver, per fourth article treaty third August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent an nuity in silver, per third article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third article
treaty second October, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
Foreducation, during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty twentieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article
of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June,
