1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
eighteen hundred and forty-six, three hundred
dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of salt,
per second article of treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Poltawatomies of Huron.—For permanent an-
nuity in money or otherwise, per second article
treaty seventeenth November, eighteen hundred
and seven, four hundred dollars.
Quapaws.—For education, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, .six hundred
dollars.
Rogue Rivers.—For fifth of sixteen installments
in blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock,
per third article treaty tenth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of .Mississippi.—For permanent
annuity in goods or otherwise, per third article
treaty third November, eighteen hundred and
' four, one thousand dollars.
For twenty-seventh of thirty installments as
annuity in specie,per third article treaty twenty-
firstSeptember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-seventh of thirty installments for
gunsmith, per fourth article treaty twenty-first
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, six
hundred dollars.
For twenty-seventh of thirty installments for
iron and steel for shop, per fourth article treaty
twenty-first September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-seventh of thirty installments for
blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, per
fourth article treaty twenty-first September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For twenty-seventh of thirty installments for
iron and steel for shop, per fourth article treaty
twenty-first September, eighteen hundred and
thiity-two, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-seventh of thirty installments for
forty barrels of salt and forty kegs of tobacco,per
fourth article treaty twenty-first September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty twen-
ty-fust October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs Uml Foxes of Missouri.—For interest on one
hundred and fifty-seven thousand four hundred
dollars, at five per centum, under the direction
of the President, per second article treaty twenty-
first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
seven thousand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Snninoles.—For the second of ten installments
for the support of schools, per eighth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
three thousand dollars.
For the second of ten installments for agricul-
tural assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For the second of ten installments for the sup-
port of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand doilais, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.-
Senecas.—For permanent annuity in specie, per
fourth article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seveentli [seventeenth] September,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, five hundred dol-
lars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hun-
dred dollars.
Senecas of New York.—For permanent annuity,
in lieu of interest on stock, per act of nineteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six
thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario Bank to the U nited States Treasury, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-
two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas anil Shawnees.—For permanent annuity
in specie, per fourth article treaty seventeenth
September, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
, of the President, per fourth article treaty twen-
! tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
1 thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.—For permanent annuity for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty third
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For fifth of seven annual installments of money,
in payment for lands, per third article treaty tenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand dollars.
For fifth installment of interest, at five per cent-
um, on forty thousand dollars, for education, per
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.—For permanent an-
nuity in clothing and other useful articles, per
sixth article treaty eleventh November, seventeen
hundred and ninety-four, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.—For interest on three hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
second article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For eighth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one million three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, sixty-eight thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifty installments ofinterest, atfive
per centum, on one hundred and twelve thousand
dollars, being the amount m lieu of the reserva-
tions set apart in the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For eighth of fifty installments of interest, at five
per centum, on one million one hundredand sixty
thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty fifth
j August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, fifty-
: e.ght thousand dollars.
I For eighth of fifty installments of interest, at live
per centum, on sixty-nine thousand dollars, being
the amount allowed in lieu of the reservation of
lands set apart by the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth August eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, three thousand four
hundred and fifty dollars.
Treaty of Fort Laramie.—For eighth of ten in-
stallments in provisions and merchandise, for pay-
ment of annuities and transportation of the same
to certain tribes of Indians, per seventh article
treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, and Senate's amendment thereto,
seventy thousand dollars.
Umpquas, (Crow Creek band.)—For fifth of
twenty installments in blankets, clothing, provis-
ions, and stock, per third article treaty nineteenth
September, eighteenhundred and fifty-three, five
hundred and fifty dollars.
Fulfilling the articles of twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with the
Umpquas and Calapooias, of Umpqua Valley, Ore-
gon.—For fourth of five installments of annuity
for beneficial objects, to be expended as directed
1 by the President, per third article treaty twenty-
ninth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for the pay of a
blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth arti-
cle treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand and sixty dol-
lars. ,
For fourth of fifteen installments for the pay
of a physician and purchase of medicines, per
sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For fourth of ten installments for the pay of a
farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the pay
of a teacher and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven hundred
dollars.
Utahs.—For fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the Utahs, pursuant to the requirements of eighth
article treaty thirtieth December, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, five thousand dollars.
Winnebagoa.—For the last of thirty install-
ments as annuity in specie, per second article
treaty first August, eighteen hundredand twenty-
nine, eighteen thousand dollars.
For the last of twenty-seven installments as
, annuity in specie, per tlurd article treaty fifteenth
i September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, ten
! thousand dollars.
For the last of thirty installments for fifty bar-
rels of salt, per second article treaty first August,
eighteen hundred twenty-nine, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For the last of thirty installments for three
thousand pounds of tobacco, pei second article
treaty first August, eighteen hundred and twenty-
nine, six hundred dollars.
For the last of twenty-seven installments for
one thousand five hundred pounds of tobacco, per
fifth article treaty fifteenth September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, three hundred dollars.
For the last of thirty installments for three
smiths and assistants, per third article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For the last of thirty installments for iron and
steel for shop, per third article treaty first Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, six hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For the last of thirty installments for laborer and
oxen, per third article treaty first August, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-nine, three hundredand
sixty-five dollars.
For the last of twenty-seven installments for
! education, per fourth article treaty fifteenth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, three
thousand dollars.
For the last of twenty-seven installments for
six agriculturists, purchase of oxen, plows, and
, other implements, per fifth article treaty fifteenth
i; September, eighteen hundredand thirty-two, two
' thousand live hundred dollars.
