1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
department, but not then before the committee, to
modify Ihm opinion and course in the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky eouhi not be more opposed than I am to the
oxercise, by the Executive Departments of this
Government, of anything like an nnpioper discre-
tion in tho matter of appropriations. 1 concur in
the wisdom of that policy recently adopted, by
which the right of transfer authorized under the
Jaw of 3809 has been in a great measuie repealed;
but no such principle is involved in this proceed-
ing—none whatever, it is conceded that here was
a fund that the ordnance department could, with
propriety, lesort to temporarily during the recess
of Congress for the support of the national arm-'
ones. 3t has been so applied. It was so applied
with the distinct understanding that the fund was
to be replaced for the benefit of the militia of the
States as soon as this bill should pass. Where is
the wrong? Where is the harm done? Where is
the invasion of any prerogative of Congress? I
can see none. I ask, in conclusion, that the let-
ter from the head of the ordnance bureau be read
to the House.
The letter was read, as follows:
Ordnance Ofhce,
Washington, January 16,18.>8.
Sir: In answer to tho mtoiroisu<>n<j«s in the Hon. C. J.
Faulkner's letter ot tins date, rei'ened to tins otlice, I have
the honor, ni compliance with your dueetioiH, to leport:
1 The national aunories were applied (torn Juh 1,18u7,
to January 1,1858, fiom the fund foi arming and equipping
the nnlitid.
2. Tile use of that fund was only a tempmary expedient
to avoid the evil eoiit-equonce^ of the cletieal eiroi ot omit-
ting to copy the uem appiopiiatin^ for the national armo-
ries, m the enrolled bill; which eiroi it was not doubted that
Congii'SN would cot reel at n> next Sueh u-<- of the
nntili.i fund, alrhnu^ii nor conri.it \ to l.iw, i-v a diversion of
it ftom nioie appiopuaie purpose-. and the amount ^o u-ed
Should he ictui ned to he applied to Mieli puipo^e*. Tlx; ne-
oo^ntv for the tn-ual appiopiiati n 1oi one jear< scivicn ih
not dnnnn-hed, because >o nmcli ot the nnhua tund a-, has
been temporally u-ed should he lehinded, and the le-idue
will not be iiivii e than -oifficii'nt to e.n i $ on upeialiuns at the
Armories lot the ie-t of tho fi-ca! year.
3. The full Mini of jor tiie national armories is
now requi.ed, and no portion of ir can be di^pen^-ed with,
and the policy otthc Government he earned out m respect
to tiie operation* of the armories, and the ai minx and eqnip-
ping of the militia ot the several States and Terrrtooes.
The lettei of the Hon. C. J. Faulkner h it'tuined here-
with.
lic^pectfully, your obedient servant,
II. K. (;RA1Ct, Colonel of Ordnance.
Hon. John R. Floyd, Sect etanj of JVar.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Virginia to the point to
which I called it a few moments niro. It seems
to me that he himself will agree that there is a
part of this appiopridtiou which can be dispensed
with. When I asked him the question a l\w mo-
ments since, I was of the opinion that any bal-
ance that might remain unexpended at the end of
each fiscal year, of the appropriation for arming
and equipping the militia of the States, would be
retained to be used in another year. I am notquitc
certain, on reflection, whether I am right m that;
yet I think I am. Still I may be mistaken. But
there is this point in the case: I find, on looking
at the receipts and expenditures under that head
of arming and equipping the militia, that for the
year 1855 the Government expended but $180,000,
and for the year 185G but ^150,000; so that it seems
to me, on the spur of the occasion, from the in-
formation we have, that the Government has never
expended the entire $*200,000, and that it is unne- I
cessary for us to reappropnate money for the pur- !
pose of refunding the amount of $100,000 bor- !
rowed from that lund. So that, according to the
gentleman's own argument, if 1 am right in the \
infonnation—and i think 1 am—the appropna- !
tion m his bill can be reduced at least #100,000; and |
my own opinion is, that it can bo reduced much j
further. j
Mr. FAULKNER. In reply to the gentleman i
from Alabama, 1 can say that I have never, in
connection with tins bill, looked into or deemed
it necessary to look into the fact of whether there
may have been any unexpended balances to the
credit of the appropriation for arming and equip-
ping the militia. All that we could do, and ail
that we could be expected to do, was to borrow
temporarily from that fund an amount sufficient
to keep up these armories during the recess of
Congress. If there are unexpended balances to
the credit of the fund for arming and equipping
the militia, let the Committee of Ways and Means
look to that in their next appropriation. It is a
matter that has no just connection with the appro-
priation for the national armories. The gentleman
will hardly contend that there ar^any unexpended
balances of the appropriations for the national
ai mories. That is the only question that we have
to do with on this occasion. We have nothing
to do now with the fund forarmmg and equipping
the militia, except so far as to exhibit the fact,
that a temporary loan, so to speak, was made from
that fund during the recess of Congress for the
manufacture of arms.
Mr. CURTIS. If there be a surplus, that will
go to the reduction of tiie next appropriation.
Mr. FAULKNER. It would be well for the
gentleman fiom Alabama [Mr. Houston] to call
the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means to those balances when they arc reporting
their next appropriation for arming and equipping
the militia. It has nothing to do with the bill
now before Congress. This bill is to supply an
omission in the Army appropriation bill of the
item for the manufacture of arms. There is no
unexpended balance to the credit of that fund.
And why does the gentleman from Alabama seek
to perplex and mystify this bill by talking about
unexpended balances of the fund for arming and
equipping the militia with which we have nothing
to do, and which has no connection whatever with
this bill ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is very much
mistaken. If I have mystified the question, it is
my misfortune. But if the fund for arming and
equipping the militia does not need the return of
this money, 1 should like to know why we should
make an appropriation for it while we are bor-
rowing money so extensively ? If the fund for
arming and equipping the militia is ample, and
| we have a right to infer that it i:$ from the condi-
tion of the receipts and expenditures to which I
have referred, it seems to me that there is no use
in reappropnating money for this purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. I see no force in the rea-
soning of the gentleman from Alabama. We arc
here on behalf cf the armoiies, asking only our
own. We are asking simply for that appropria-
tion which Congress sanctioned, and which was
defeated by the negligence of a clerk of your
body. If we have borrowed from the militia fund
during the recess of Congress, it was only a tem-
porary loan. It is no less our obligation to refund
what we have borrowed, even though there be the
balances before stated. The only duty that de-
volves on Congress in connection with these bal-
ances, is to rcducc the next appropriation for that
purpose.
The question being on Mr. Stantox's amend-
ment,
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Staxtox,
and Wright of Georgia, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes bit), noes 105.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 105; as follows:
yeas— me-^-rs Abbott, Ando:-on, Atkins, Bennett, fitl-
lmglim^t, Ihnsham, bin--. l>o\ <v, Buironuli-.. Campbell,
• Case, j'j/.i.i Clark. Cobb, Covode, cui'iui, Bunon ci.irze,
1 Cnirv, Dnvi* of m/uyl.uid. davis ot Indiana, Dav i-, of Mas-
i ^aclm-eif-, Davis ot Iowa, Dean, 1)< wait, Dodd, Dtirioe,
Fenton. Foley, Fo.>t"i, Garriert, Gidihn -, Oilman. Gilmer,
Goodwill, Grimier,Greenwood, Gtow, Lawrence w. Halt,
IlaiUn, Mill, Jlotwon, Howard. k>hey, Kiiifoie, Leach,
Lei'et, Loveioy,mcqueen, Humphrey Mai.-hall.Maynaul,
Mooie, Morgan. Kdwaid Joy manw, isaac is'. mot! h. Ftee-
man ii Moi.-e, Mott, NiehoK, Oiei, Pal!u"i, Parket, Pey-
ton, Pike, Pottle, Ready, Kieaud. Seuaid, IleniyM. Shaw,
John slier man, spin nee, St.mton.WjIh.im s to wait. Talbot,
Tappan.Tnomp-<on, Tompkins. j'i ippe. 1 ■ mb-i wood. Wade,
VfalbndEro. Waidron, Walton, Fdhhu b. Wa-hhutne. Israel
\Va-li!nnn, walking wilson.Wood.and Woi tendyke—f6.
n \ys — mes>rs. Adram. abl, Andrews, Arnold, avoiv,
]>:uk .daJe. Man, Hoeoek, Bowie, Biovion, Bnffintoii. biu-
lingame, bums,ca.^kie, Chalice.Chapman, John 13. Clark,
Claw-on, Clay, Clemen*, Cungman, John Cochrane, Col-
fax, Oonun>, Corning, (v>\. jame-s Cr«n<(, Crawtoid. ('in ti^.
DamreU, Davidson, Davis of .mhm-Nippi, Dow-dell, Ed-
muiubon, Faulkner, Florenee, Gooeh, Goode, Gre<i<r,
Tlioma^l. Hams, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard, Hop-
kins, Ilortou, j.iek-on, Jenkins, Jewett, j Ghuiey Jon^s,
Owen jones, Kent. Kello<j£, Knapp, Jacob m Knnkei,
Landy, Lawrence, Letcher. Maelay. MeKrbbin, samuel
s marshall. Miller, IVIiil-on, Moutijosneiy. IMonill,
Oliver a. Mor?°, Niblaek. Pendleton. i'help-. phillips, Pot-
ter, Powell, Purviano;:, Qiutman. Reagan, Reillv, Ritchie,
3lobbm->. Ilutnn, Uu->e!!, riandid^e, Savage, scales, Scott,
Aaion Shaw, Sho.fm, sieklo^, Snighjton, Robert Smith,
Samuel a. Smith, Sialhvoi th.Steph«mi«,Stevenson, James
a. Stewait, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Wairen, Cadsvalader ,
O. Washburn, While, Whitelcy, Winslow, Woodson, and
John VT. Wright—105.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WINSLOW stated that his colleague, Mr.
Branch, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; ^nd being engrossed, itnvas
accordingly read the third time.
Mr FAULKNER demanded the previous ques-
tion upon its passage.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to bu put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill passed.
Mr. FAULKNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the fable; which
latter motion was agreed to.
DIRECT TAXATION, ETC-
Mr. BOYCE asked unanimous consent to oiler
the following resolution:
liesolred, That a committee of *even appointed, to
which it shall be referred to ui'pme into and tepoit on tho
following subject^ : a reduction oi the e\'pemlmue< o- Use
Govei nmcnt; the navigation laws of liie United State; the
existing duties on unpoits and the expediency or'a gKuhril
repeal of all the duties on impoits,and a report eAclu-'Veiy
to internal taxation.
Mr. TOMPKINS objected.
Mr. BOYCE moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended—ayes 104, noes 51.
Mr. ROYC13 moved the previous question upon
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to lie put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOYCE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ;and also moved
that the motion to reconsider lie on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House icsolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the bill which the committee had under consider-
ation on Friday last.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman'
to withdraw his motion for a moment, to enable
me to offer a resolution to which there will be no
objection.
Mr. PHELPS. I prefer to allow the motion
to take its usual course.
Air. SEWARD. Is it in order to move to lay
that motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Air. SEWARD. Then, sir, J shall not make
the motion. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARREN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Missouri to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment, to allow me to oiler a resolution. This is
the only day on which resolutions can be offered
| except bv urpmmous consent.
i Mr. PIIELPS. I decline to accede to the re-
i quest of the gentleman from Arkansas.
| Mr. WARREN. Then t hope the House wilt
I vote down the motion. I demand the yeas and
! nays. I do it with a view to get an opportunity
i to offer my resolution.
The yeds and nays were refused.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion of Air. Phelps was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into tho Committee of the Whole
: on the state of the Union, (Mr. Davis, of Indi-
[ ana, in the chair,) ami resumed the consideration
1 of the printing deficiency bill, the pending ques-
! tion being on a point of order raised by Air.
! Grow.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. WARREN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
i Air. SEWARD. Weil, sir, I ffive notice that
: I shall renew the motion every little while
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is, that
pending an amendment to an original bill, and an
amendment to the amendment, it is in order logo
back to the original bill, and perfect any portion
of that bill which is proposed to be stricken out
