2620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
him to pay fifteen dollars per acre for all the land
included in tins reservation.
Mr.. HUGHES. I desire to ask the gentleman
whwher tins proposition was made to Secretary
Floyd or Secretary Davis?
i\]i. 8! NGHAM. In answer to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] I remark that the
proposition ofSteele, before referred to, was made
by letter, dated April 23, 1856, addressed to the
then Secretary of War, (Mr. Davis.) But, sir,
that letter was on file in the Department, and a
copv of it was furnished by the present Secretary
of War (Mr. Floyd) to the committee. That
letter contains, amongst other things, these words:
"The undersigned, for himself and others, -jyropose to
pay, and hereby o/7*er, the honorable Secretary of War, for
the land* included in the Fort SneHtng reservation, fifteen
dollars per acre."—House Report No. 351, page 413.
Now, sir, as I remarked before, if there was
nothing else about this transaction, this, of itself,
coupled wilh the fact that this same Mr. Steele
purchased this land at $30,000 less than he had of-
fered, is sufficient to stamp it as fraudulent. Ac-
cording to the confession of Mr. Steele himself,
they had agreed to gi ve $120,000 if it could not be
obtained for less; and they did get it for $30,000
less than Steele had offered the year before. Sir,
the whole transaction is marked with that decree
of secrecy which only attends gross frauds; it
has none of the characteristics of an honest, bona
fide sale, either of a private or a public sale. In
this record you find that letters of Mr. Smith,
Mr. Sherburne, and Mr. Dillingham, two of them
written in April, and the other in May, 1857,
were addressed to the Secretary of War, inform-
ing him, among other things, that many persons
were desiring to purchase portions of this reser-
vation; that they themselves desired to purchase
portions of it, and were particularly anxious to
know of the Secretary of War whether the res-
ervation was to be sold; when it was to be sold,
and how it was to be sold. Well, sir, what an-
swer did they evergetto these letteis ? Can any-
body telj? No, sir; not even the Secretary of
War is able to give us lujhtupon these points.
I have observed the statement, on this subject,
of the Secretavyof War, to which his friend, the
honorable gentleman from Virginia,-[Mr. Faulk-
ner,] referred, wherein he says that, from the in*
dorsuinent upon the letter in the Department of
the Hon. Mr. Smith, " the character of the re-
plies to the other letters maybe inferred." You
cannot infer, from that indorsement, whether he
informed these parties how or when this land was
to be sold. I regret to observe that this indorse-
ment on Smith's letter is scarcely intelligible as
an answer to his inquiries, and is not sufficient
or the purposes of this investigation. How were
these letters replied tor When were they replied
to? You will observe that they all bear date be-
fore the side of the reS'Tvation, about the time
that the Secretary of War had made up his mind
to sell the reservation, and about the time his
friend, Dr. Graham of Virginia, called upon him
in the month of April, 1857. The Secretary of
War docs not undei take to inform us whether, in
the replies that were made to these men, ho stated
when the reservation would be sold, by whom it
would be sold, the terms on which it would be
sold, or anything about it. He simply tells us
that the letters were replied to, as may be in-
ferred from the following indorsement on Mr.
Smith 's letter;
u Have it eaiefully surveyed fast; divided into lots of
forty ufre.s i-aeli. The object to obtain the l.ngi-st amount
for the (Jovei nnient, and give all who de-ote an opportunity
to purcliiu-e —Iiejhnt, page 410. Letter oj Seaetary oj
War to the Committee.
How could any man infer from this when this
land was to be sold, by whom it was to be sold,
and how it was to be sold—whether by public or
private sale? Who could infer from this that
Eastman and Heiskell were authorized to sell in
May, 1857? that they were on the ground, and
would sell in the most secret way the whole tract
by addressing a private note to the man whom
thev preferred as the purchaser?
Now, sir, there is bla-me here which ought not
to attach to the Secretary of War, but which
does attach to his subordinates in the Depart-
ment, or to some of them. This failure to give
the information desired, this concealment in the
premises, no matter to whom it attaches, goes far
to invalidate this sale* There is enough in this
trarisaction*to affect all the parties immediately
connected with it—the purchasers and the com-
missioners. In my judgment, the whole trans-
action, so far as they are concerned, is marked all
over with fraud. Here is this Dr. Graham, who
called at the War Department for the purpose of
talking, in a friendly way, with the Secretary of
War. It turns out that he was not so much con-
cerned about paying his compliments to the hon-
orable Secretary asln looking after the spoils —
" the five loaves and two fishes." He was there
to look altera job, to use his own words, " to
pay expenses." " Well, sir," says he, " what
can be done forme?" The Secretary of War re-
plies that they are going to sell the Fort Snelling
reservation,and offered, or suggested, to the Doc-
tor the agency to sell it. The Doctor was tempted
by the Secretary 'softer to take charge of the sale.
He resisted the temptation ! But he resisted it,
and declined the proffered agency for the reason,
as he swears, that he *' preferred to be a pur-
chaser"—a speculator in the matter. The Doctor
swears that he did not tell him (the Secretary)
that. Why conceal it? He'knows, and knew
at an early day, that others had' been intrusted
with the delicate duty of selling this reservation.
In pursuit of the properly, he went to Minnesota
the last of April, 1857. Having full knowledge
on the subject while Eastman and Heiskell, the
commisioners, were there, the Doctor was fre-
quently there also, " conferring with Steele as to
the purchase." (Report, page 104,Graham's tes-
timony.) And, according to the testimony, they
agreed to become the purchasers at less than one
third of its value. Such a man is not to receive
much quarter in any tribunal where either law or
equity is regarded. The testimony we have is
testimony out of his own mouth. It is not here-
say; it is his own confession.
The Secretary of War may have appointed,and
doubtless did appoint, Messrs. Heiskell and East-
man in good faith. It is due to him, as well as
to myself, that I should state that his instructions
contain not a word that authorizes or suggests to
these commissioners the concealment of the inten-
tion to sell. Most carefully did they conceal that
fact. They concealed the fact both here and while
they were in the Territory. Both are pressed for
the reason of that concealment, and both make
futile attempts to answer it. They would not
trust anybody with the secret, fearful of these
combinations, and that competition would pre-
vent a sale of the pioperty at Us value. They
studiously conceal the fact that they arc about to
sell; but Dr. Graham knew ail the time that the
property was to be sold. lie knew all the time
that this correspondence was going on, that Mr.
Steele was to get this property for himself, Dr.
Graham, Schell, and Mather. God only knows
how much interest (if any) these two gentlemen,
Mr. Heiskell and Major Eastman, have had in it.
They were very kind and very partial, certainly,
to Mr. Steele and Dr. Graham. It tuuis out that
one of the purchasers, Mr. Mather, was at that
time in the employment of the War Department,
for the survey of Fort Ripley, and was out there
on pay at the time he was engaged in this com-
bination with his two confederates to cheat the
Government, secretly to purchase at $90-,000 this
reservation which, I undertake to say, is worth
$500,000 in the hands of any man who has the
sense to manage it.
Unhappily for the argument of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] there is in the
terms of this agreement of sale a gross violation
of the law. This written agreement is so clearly
in conflict with the law, that no gentleman can
fail to see it when his attention is called to it.
What is your Secretary of War but the agent to
carry out, in that Department of the Government,
the law as recorded upon the statute-book ? W'l^at
is the actof 1819, and what is the amendatory act
of 1857, extending the piovisions of the act of
1819 to othurreservauons ? The Secretary of War
was authorized, in pursuance of these acts, and
not otherwise, to sell these public reservations.
Will any gentleman rise in his place and say *hat
the Government of the United states, and the peo-
ple of the United States, through their Represent-
atives in Congress, are not as much principals in
this transaction as between their agents as a man
is a principal to the agent whom he constitutes his
agent by his letter of attorney? Will any gentle-
man say that this letter of attorney to the Secre-
tary of War, this statute, is any less revocable
than a letter of attorney between man and man?
Will any gentleman undertake to say here that if
A gives a general power of attorney, with clauses
of revocation therein, to sell, that ho cannot re-
voke it at any time before the property passes?
Here, the act of 1819 authorized the Secretary of
War to sell certain national reservations of land.
Because the Congress of 1819 enacted that law, -
which was extended to this reservation by the act
of 1857, does it prevent this Congress from pass-
ing a repeal? The act is as follows:
" Be it enacted, §*c., That the Secretary of War he, and
he is hereby, authonzed, under the diiection of the Pies-i-
dent of the United States to cause to be sold such military
sites belonging to the United States as may have been ion rid
or become useless for military purpo.-es. And the Secre-
tary of War is hereby anthonzed, on the payment of the con
sideration agreed for, into the Treasury of the United States,
to make, execute, and deliver all ncedlul instruments, con-
veying and transferring the same in fee, and thejuuadic-
tion which had been specially ceded for military pui poses to
the United States by a State ovei such site, or sites, shall
hereaitei cease."
Now the act of 1857 in no manner changes the
general provisions of the act of 1819, as a limita-
tion on the powers of the Secretary of War.
What is this limitation? It is simply that upon
the payment of the consideration agreed upon into the
Treasury of the United States, he may make and
execute a deed in fee simple for the land so sold.
Now what is the contract in this case? The con-
tract is set out at length at page 52 of the report,
and, after describing the property, it goes on to
provide
" For and in consideration of the above, the party of the
second party agrees, &e., to pay to the United States Gov-
ernment, or authorized agent or agents, ihe sum of $90,000
one third of the said sum on the 10th July next, and the
residue in two equal annual payments thereafter. Posses-
sion <if said land* and improvement* lo be given as soon as
the Secretaiy of War ran dispense with it for military pur-
poses, and a deed given the first payment aforesaid is
made, and satisfactoiy security lor the deferred payments
given."
The deed is to be given when the first install-
ment is paid—to wit, on the 10th day of July,
1858, and approved security is given for the de-
ferred payments at one and two years: that is not
according to the letter or spirit of the statute.
Those parties were bound to take notice of that
provision of the general law, and when they set
their hands to that contract they were bound to
take notice that their contract was in violation of
the law. I say that contract could not be enforced
in any court of equity in the world, and for that
reason I say it ought not to be regarded here, and
ought to be set aside. Why? Because it is in
violation of the law, and is of itself an evidence
of intention upon the part of those gentlemen to
defraud the Government. Why were they m
such hot haste to get the title transferred to them
m violation of law ? Of course so that they could
divide the land up, and parcel it out to A, B,and
G for a valuable consideration, in order that these
new purchasers might come in afterwards when
a question might be raised as to the title, and say
that they were innoccnt purchuseis without no-
tice of any fraud in the transaction. It is as clear
evidence of fiaud as was ever brought into a court
ofjustice. If you choose to drop the term "fraud,"
still the fact stands that because this contract is
in violation of the spirit and letter of the law, it
is invalid and ought to be set aside.
The title to this property, 1 understand, has
not yet passed. By the terms of the contract,
however, it may pass any day, and if you give
this transaction yourapproval, most likely it will
pass. I want to know what excuse gentlemen
will make before their constituents and to the
country for voting down the propositions made by
the majority of the committee, one of which, and
the most material of which, is the fifth and last
one, am) which does not touch the Secretary of
War? I have no desire or purpose to cast any
aspersion upon ins character. What excuse can
gentlemen give, in view of the fact that this con-
tract is in violation of the law of the land, for
voting down that proposition declaring the con-
tract void? I would go a step further, and repeal
the authority to convey, now existing m the Sec-
retary of War, by virtue of the act of 1819, and
the amendatory act of 1857, so far as this reser-
vation is concerned. I would go further, sir; and
provide for refunding this $30,000 to the parties,
and if they are dissatisfied, let them seek their
remedy where best they can find it; I submit
