1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
law. would take effect, the police would; be as
much worse than those whom it is intended to
restrain, as they are worse than the respectable
gentlemen who are seated: here in their chairs.
• Another objection to the act occurs in the same
section of the bill. It is this: that this police
force shall serve during the night, and in the day-
time when specialty ordered to do so. The
thought that a chief appointed by the President
of the United States, and having at his call and
command men to go and come, and clothed with
all the power of an autocrat, is to have it also
within his power to say when and where these
policemen shall serve,is an unreasonable thought,
and should be rejected.
Mr. HUGHES. Upon, that point, I would
suggest to the gentleman that this chief of police
will be employed as a Federal officer; and, ac-
cording to usage and established custom, the Pres-
ident, by implication, will have the power of re-
moving him.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bill proceeds:
—" to serve during the night, and in the daytime when spe-
cially ordered to so."
Now,sir,inmyopinion this is entirely too great
a latitude to confer upon any individual, and es-
pecially upon a chief who is to receive his appoint-
ment in the manner designated. These police-
men should be obliged to a'ttendatall times. They
are created for that purpose, and they should
serve, not only during the night and in the day,
but during every day, and every night, during all
hours. Why, sir, if their service during the day
or night is to depend upon the special direction
of the chief, I do not know but that peaceful citi-
zens who go to bed atnijjht, before morning may,
in the words of honest Dogberry, " be condemned
to everlasting redemption."
There is another section to which I will refer
briefly, and having spoken to that I shall have
concluded all the remarks I deem it important to
make upon this question. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Goode] introduced a last section in
which he proposes to clothe the chief with judi-
cial powers. Now, sir,when thischicf is selected,
ho should be selected with reference to his energy
of character, his administrative powers, his abil-
ity to control men, and his general activity. Those
are qualities rarely consulted in the selection of
an officer to preside on the bench. You look here
for reflection, knowledge, judgment,and a famil-
iarity with criminal law. None of these are es-
sential to a chief of police. And none of the qual-
ities necessary for a chief of police are essential
to the successful discharge of the judical func-
„ lions. I should say, therefore, that it would be
exceedingly unwise to constitute such a court in
such a manner. It may be necessary that such
a court should be established; but to make a chief
of police its judge would be, in my judgment,
simply preposterous.
Therefore is it, and for these reasons, that I
have determined unfavorably, so far as my vote
is concerned, to the bill as it is presented; but my
vote shall be given for the great principle of the
bill, if the hill shall be made to conform to my
views of propriety.
I will, in order to make it thus conform, offer,
at the proper time, certain amendments. These
amendments I propose to read as a part of my
speech; and that gentlemen may be timely ad-
vised of theif import, I propose to strike from the
first section the words " when specially ordered
to do so," and also the words " and the captains,
lieutenants, and men, shall be appointed by the
chief, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, and may be dismissed by the chief at his
pleasure, or upon the order of the said Secre-
tary," and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And tlie captains, lieutenants, and men shall be appointed
by a hoard of commissioners, hereby created and established
for llie purposes herein named, to consist of the Mayor of
the city of Washington, the district attorney of the District
of Columbia, and the marshal of the said Distiict, and may
be dismissed by said commissioners, but only tor cause
shown, on duo notice, to the delinquent; and alter trial be-
fore them, such proceedings and dismissal to be subject
nevertheless to the review and approval of the Secretary of
the Interior.
When you shall have adopted an amendment
of that description, and have made the third sec-
tion conform to this language—
That th£ board of commissioners hereinbefore named
are hereby authorized and required to make and establish
rules and regulations for the government of said guard? sub-
ject to the opproyal of die Secretary of the Interior—
and when you shall have divorced the chief of
police-from. the, judicial tribunal contemplated by.
the bill, I think you will have placed- the bill in
a shape that will meet the approbation of a ma-
jority of the House.
M r_ GILMA.N. I have but a few words to say
in regard to the subject before the House.
Mr. KELLY. Will the gentleman give way
to a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. Gl-LMAN. I will detain the committee
but a few moments. Mr. Chairman, 1 have lis-
tened with very great interest to this discussion,
and notwithstanding the sagacious remarks that
have been made in the committee in relation to
this bill; notwithstanding we have had arguments
upon the one side and upon the other, still it does
seem to me that whatever bill this committee may
suggest to the House, and whatever bill the House
itself may sanction, in conjunction with the Sen-
ate, there is one point which we cannot overlook,
and that is, that the condition of society in Wash-
ington is but a reflection of the Administration
itself. That, sir, is my position, and it is funda-
mental. Now, the gentleman from New York
has spoken here with the sincerity of an honest
man. I agree with him heartilyand sincerely in-
the general tone of his remarks. I believe we do
demand here in Washington an efficient govern-
ment; a government that will protect not only
property but human life. No man more deeply or
more sincerely regrets than I do the condition of
things that prevails in this city at thepresent.time.
But, sir, I have several questions to put to the
gentleman from New York. I want to know how
the Administration can sustain fraud in Kansas
and a well-regulated government in Washington ?
And I have another question to put to the gentle-
man. How can the President, who has exhausted
all his energy, and all the energy of his friends,
who has employed all his associates and cohorts
to impose upon this House and the country a gi-
gantic fraud unparalleled in the history of civil-
ized or uncivilized nations, be asuitable person to
promote the administration of justice in the capi-
tal of the UnitedStates? Now, sir, I do notspeak
in a partisan sense. I stand not here in relation
to this bill cither as a Democrat, a Republican,
or as an American.
But, sir, as sure as there is a sun in heaven, as
sure as there is a proposition self-evident in math-
ematics or in morals, you cannot have a peace-
able condition of things here in the city of Wash-
ington, if he who stands at the head of public
affairs will sanction and approve a measure which
every gentleman upon the floor of this House
knows to be a fraud. There, sir, is my opinion
of the President o,f the United States; and I regret,
as the Representative of an honorable and intel-
ligent constituency, that I am compelled to make
this announcement. I repeat thatyou cannot have
here, in this city, whatever bill you may pass, a
good municipal government, unless you have a
pure administration of public affairs.
Now, sir, I ask any gentleman upon this floor
to look at the appointments which have been
made in the Territory of Kansas. The men who,
are most deeply engaged in the violent and out-
rageous proceedings there, have been appointed
to the highest positions in the Territory, by the
President of the United States. And, sir, I de-
sire to know, as a Representative upon this floor,
what assurance and what guarantee have we that
we shall not have men of similar character eleva-
ted to positions of trust and responsibility m the
city of Washington? I declare to you, in all
honesty and sincerity, that I have no confidence
in the President of the United States. That is
my opinion, frankly and plainly avowed.
Now, sir, I desire to know how it is that a
party calling itself Democratic, can sanction a
measure like that which has come from the Sen-
ate ? But we are at once met with the suggestion,
Mr. Chairman, that the existing condition of
things overrides all general principles, that the
sixty thousand people here in the city of Wash-
ington are not competent to administer their own
afftirs, but need the strong arm of the President
of the United States to protect them. Is that De-
mocracy? If the sixty thousand people, with all
the advantages and privileges that the Government
affords, and with all the associations thatsurrpund
the Government, are not able to protect them-
selves, where will you find a people that are able
to protect themselves?
But this bill proposes to place $10,000 in thq
hands of the President of the United States. TIiq
gentleman from NewYork [Mr. John CociijtANE]
will tell you that that is the secret service fund,
and that in the administration of the affairs of a
city such a.fund is essential. Well, ifit is essen-
tial, in the nan^e of all that is-just and honorable
and, fair, do not put the money in the hands of
the highest Executive of the nation. I would,
rather that my own life, and the life of my asso-
ciates, should continue to be exposed to danger,
than that the PresidentoftheUnited States should
hold that money in his hands. IT dirty work
must be done, let it be done by other hands.
But, sir, I am not going to overlook a general
principle, I care not how great the emergency,
may be. If the population of this city, with all
its intelligence, its wealth, and its resources, can-
not administer its own affairs, there is,something
wrong, and let us wait until we have another ad-
ministration of public affairs; let us place at the
head of the Government, not a man who does not
embody a spurious Democracy, but a man who
embodies the high and noble principles of Wash-
ington and Jefferson, and then let us, see if wa
cannot have a different condition of affairs here.
But there is another consideration in relation to
this subject, and that is the unlimited exercise of
executive power. Look at the condition of things
in the country at the present moment. Your
Treasury is exhausted; and it has been exhausted
by no act of Congress, but by the dictum of the
President of the United States. Under a con-
struction of the act of 1820, the President has, ex-
hausted, and is exhausting, the Treasury of the
United States, without conjing to the Commons,
to the Representatives of the people, for authority.
I listened with pleasure to the remarks made upon
that subject by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Taylor,] and other gentlemen upon that
side of the House. And, however small a thing
it may be to curtail the executive power in the
District of Columbia, I would rather suffer per-
sonally than tolerate its exercise.
■ I believe that the amendment which has been
offered to the bill by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dodd,] embodies all thatis necessary
for the protection of life and property. I say to
gentlemen on both sides of the House, let us test
the ability of the people to administer their own
affairs with a reasonable and fair measure; and,
if th.ey prove themselves entirely incompetent to
protect life and property, then, perhaps, we may
resort to despotism; but let us try. everything be-
fore we resort to what I deem tantamount to the
exercise of despotic pou^r.
The President of the United States may have
suggested this very scheme. For aught I know,
the gentleman from NewYork [Mr. John Coch-
rane] indicates the opinions of the Executive.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle,-
man will allow me to disclaim all such authority.
Mt\ G1LMAN. I accept the gentleman's dis-
claimer, butprecedent^aredangerous thingssome-
times; and, sir, it is astonishing with what facility,
with what address, with wha,tadroitness, th e Pres-
ident can chan.ge h,is tactics from Kansas to the
District of Columbia; and, sir, this Democracy,
so pure, so unadulterated, and which pretends to
represent the will of t|ie people, I am sorry to say,
is a Democracy which partakes more of despot-
ism and tyranny than of republicanism and lib-
erty. I am not surprised, sir, after the four years'
administration of President Pierce, which was a
blot upon the annals of the country, and after the
experience we have realized of the present Ad-
ministration—I am not surprised that a bill con-
taining such provisions should be presented to
an American Congress. The same mind that
conceived and recommended to us a Lccompton
swindle, can with facility sanction this bill, which
violates the principles upon which the Govern-
ment is founded.
By natural reasoning—by a logical inference—
we have this bill. Now,-w|iat does the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] and
the other gentlemen who defend this bill say ?
They say, " are you going to leave property and
life exposed in this city ?" No, sir, I say; let ys,
as honorable men, without regard to partisan feel-
ings or partisan emotions, present to the House
a bill which will enable the citizens to dispose and
direct their own affairs. Let us_ also recommend
to the House a liberal appropriation to sustain the
