510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
before the question is taken upon striking out. u
The Chair overrules the point of order. The \\
Chair understands that no appeal is taken.
Mr. GROW. There was an appeal taken on
Friday upon the same point, and the decision of ; ■
the Chair was sustained. I therefore do not take ij
an appeal. !
The CHAIRMAN. The question then is upon j;
the Amendment to the amendment, offered by the ;
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have the amend- 1
ment read.
The amendment offered by Mr. Burnett to the
original bill was read, as follows:
Sirike outall after the woid "Congresses" in the seventh
line to the end of the bill, and insert m lieu theieof the fol-
lowing:
The sum of §420,000 is hereby appropriated oat of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment of Mr.CRAWFORD to the amend-
ment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the tenth line, and insert the follow-
ing ■
To pay for paper, ($104,000.
To pa'v loi the printing ordered by the Senate and Ilou&e
of Repieseiitofives during the Thirty-Third and Tin.ty-
Fourih Concretes, $47,019 94.
To pay for the binding, lithographing, and engraving, or-
dered by the Senate dining the Tlurty-Third and Thnty-
Fourth Congresses, $(164,569 64.
Ffic.S Ami he it further enacted, That the Public Pi inter
is lieieby included and required not to punt any further
^lepoitsof the lesuittfof the United States naval a.^tronom-
5cal expedition to the southern hemisphere," nor " of the
evpioianons and survey to ascertain the most practieable
loute for a raihoad noin the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean," nor " of the United States commission to <?ui vev a
boundary hue between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico," other than such reports of each as may be now
wmten and in his hands for publication.
Mr. NICHOLS. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia will be voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers were ordered on
Friday on the amendment to the amendment.
Messrs. Smith of Tennessee, and Dean' were
appointed tellers.
The question was taken; and the toilets re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Bj.'ukktt's
amendment.
Mr. WARREN. As there is no probability
that a vote will be had upon this amendment, and
as this is the day set apart by the rules for the
introduction of bills and resolutions fiom the dif-
ferent States, I move that the committee rise, in
order that we may have an opportunity of pre-
senting bills and lesolutions.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Is it in order now to offer
an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Then, sir, I offer the fol-
lowing as an amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That no portion of the mone> a hereby appropri-
ated shall be drawn fiom the Treasury to nay l'or any woik
or printing ordered by the Thirty-Thud Thuty-Fourth
Concretes, where specific contracts have not alieady been
enteied iiKo, under authority of law; and that the. execu-
tion of all laws or ievolutions of either oi both House* of
the Thnty-Thud and Thnty-Fourth Congresses, ordering
the publication of any book of explorations, observations,
or surveys, shall be suspended, where the nianuscnpt copy
jrf not m then«md-.of the pioper officer, and a legal conuact
made foi Die publication.
Mr. Chairman, I take it for granted that this
House does not, by its action, intend to set aside
any contracts that may have been entered into in
compliance with laws heretofore passed. I in-
tended, sir, to have offered this proviso to the
original bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I hope this committee will vote clown
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and then, no matter what amount of money may
be appropriated by this bill, under the proviso
which I have just offered, if sanctioned by the
House, not one dollar can be drawn from the
Treasury unless itisdone in accordance with laws
previously enacted by Congress, and carried out
ty the officers of this House and of the Govern-
ment.
Presuming that the House will, in good faith,
appropriate a sufficient amount of money to pay
atl contracts legally enteied into, I have merely
•offered this proviso to stop at that pointall orders
given by the House for the further publication of
*ny books of explorations or surveys. I think,
sir, that will meet the views of every gentleman
here; and I hope the committee will vote down
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and adopt the proviso which I often.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the House will not
vote down my amendment; and why' For the
simple reason that the amendment covers every
i dollar, as we learn from one at least of the mem-
: bers of the Committee of Ways and Means, which
, this Government owes for printing, engraving,
: and lithographing.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on the enforcement
| of the rule which requires the gentleman to con-
ifme his remarks to opposition to the amendment
I of the gentleman from Louisiana.
| Mr. BURNETT. I will do so, sir. The amend-
! ment which has just been voted down hy the
1 House contained the amount of $316,189 and
; some cents. We learn from the Committee of
, Ways and Means, or at least from a member of
| that committee, that that includes every dollar
! which is due and owing by the Government as a
: deficiency for work which has already been done
' by the parties with whom we have made contracts.
Now, 1 differ with the gentleman who offered that
; amendment, in this: My calculation, making the
amount $420,000, is based on the fact that a por-
tion of the additional work has been already com-
! menced. My amend ment provides for that, and
the $420,000 covers it.
Now, I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.Sandidge;] and
why? Because it is, in my judgment, a proviso
which is unnecessary, and which ought not to be
i added to this deficiency bill. But if the committee
! will vote for my amendment, the $420,000 will pay
for all the work already done and for that which
| has been commenced, and thus we shall cover the
i whole amount due, and stop this thing.
The gentleman fiom Louisiana remarks that
this House is not prepared to set aside any con-
tract that has been made. Nor am I, sir; but you
may take every resolution which has been adopt-
ed by the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Con-
gresses, ordering the publication of these books,
and you will not find one solitary resolution that
ever contemplated, or by any sot t of construction
can be made to authorize, the publication of any-
thing but whaf was written and prepared at the
time.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have only five minutes and
cannot be intcriupted. Not only is the fact as I
have stated it; but I sLate this as a concct posi-
tion, that all certificates issued by the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, based upon work done by
the Public Printer, which has oeen prepared by
the authors of the various publications since the
resolutions authorizing those publications passed
the House, are in direct conflict with the law upon
the subject, wholly unauthorized, and that this
Congress is not bound to pay them.
Mr. &UITMAN. I should like to make an in-
quiry.
Mr. BURNETT. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. The inquiry that I desire
to make is, whether without the amendment of
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr Sandidge] the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] will stop the execution of these un-
finished works ?
Mr. BURNETT. I hold that the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing is bound, by the law of
1052, to enter on the books of his office the man-
uscript furnished; and that, when it appears that
the manuscript was furnished subsequent to the
date of the resolution passed by Congress, he has
it published at his own risk, arid the printer who
i; does the work does it at his own risk; and Con-
gress is not compelled to pay for it. If this is
ij done, let us refuse to appropriate money to pay
j; it; and in this way we will reach the evil.
1 The question was taken on Mr. Sandidge *s
ii amendment; and it was not agreed to.
ij Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to amend
|! the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
ji [Mr. Burnett] by increasing the appropriation
$100,000. I do so for the purpose of making a
I j few remarks, because I see here that some gentle-
,[ men are very much mistaken in regard to the ob-
j1 ligations of the Government growing out of the
i. various resolutions that, have been heretofore
passed on the subject of public printing. It will
be conceded by every member of the House that
when any officer of this Government has made a
contract under these resolutions, which contract
would be in the line of his duty, although he may
have committed fraud 
Mr.SEWARD. I insist on thegentlemnn con-
fining his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I intend to do so,
because I contend that the appropriation is too
small. Every contract that has been entered into
by an officer of the Government, this Govern-
ment is legally bound to pay. If the Supeiin-
tendent of Public Printing has made contracts for
Engraving, for lithographing, for plates, or for any-
thing else in the line of his duty, under the orders
of this House, we are bound to observe them, and
we can no more refuse payment under them than
we can refuse payment of our honest private
debts.
Moreover, suppose we do refuse payment; sup-
pose we say that there has been fraud in the office
of the Superintendent of Public Printing; suppose
we say that Congress oideied too many of these
works, and refuse to pay the money contractcd to
be paid by the officers of the Government; what
is the consequence? Every man whose contract
is not. carried out by us will come before us for
the next ten years, and we will have to make ap-
propriations to pay damages to those men, to
which they would be justly entitled. Why not,
then, appropriate a sufficient amount of money
in this bill to pay for all the expenses incurred
under the orders of this House, although an officer
of the Government may have exceeded his au-
thority or his duty ? We are bound to do it, and
cannot refuse doing it.
But gentlemen say there was no manuscript
copy of these volumes furnished to the House of
Representatives. Why these very gentlemen
have been receiving these volumes from time to
time, until they have run up to three, four, five,
six, and even eight volumes, and not one word has
ever been said about it, till the meeting of Con-
gress, when the clamor was raised in reference to
the public printing. 1 am glad to see that that
clamor was raised which called the attention of
the House to this subject. I voted against these
resolutions for the publication of these books; but
I would as soon repudiate my honest debts as
repudiate any contract made by an officer of the
Government in the execution of the careless orders
made by this House. Iam opposed to this ex-
travagant mode of ordering printing by this House
I am not m favor of making Congress a book con-
cern. 1 am not in favor of ordering these men to
write histories of the country, and to illustrate
them with lizards and crows, and all those engra-
vings. Butas we havcorderedtheworktobedone,
as the obligations have been contractcd, under
which we are bound to pay, let us pass the bill,
and let these accounts undergo the scrutiny of
the Treasury Department. When they pay them,
my word for it they will pay no more than is
justly due under the contracts made. Then i
will join hands with any gentleman here to put
a stop to all this useless printing. But lotus pay
for that heretofore ordered by the House, fur it
is the cheapest way of getting rid of the conse-
quences of our own folly.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, for this rpason:
We have heard the same appeal made to us on all
deficiency bills—that our executive officers have
promised to pay; and that, therefore, Congress
must appropriate the money. Now, so long as
you permit the executive officers of the Govern-
ment to exceed the appropriations of Congress,
you deprive Congress of the control over the ap-
propriations of money given to it by the Consti-
tution. Your executive officer involves the Gov-
ernment in any amount of expenditures, and then
calls on Congress to appropriate money to carry
out his own act. I agree with the gentleman from
Tennessee, that these evils of public printing have
their initiative here, in resolutions to print large
numbers of books to be sent as reading matter
throughout the country—a policy which I am
utterly opposed to; for what reason is there why
Government should furnish reading matter to the
peopb of the country any more than that it should
furnish clothing to them ? That, sir, is not in the
line of its legitimate business.
But while I would not increase the appropria-
