1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2621
that this House owes it to itself, to fair dealing,
to the country, and to the violated law of the
land, to treat this case in that way. It is not ne-
cessary, as I saiJ before, that this House shall
fnid any specific or implied accusation against
the Secretary of War. It is sufficient to find that
this last resolution of the committee is true, which
does not reflect upon the conduct of the Secretary
of War. What is that proposition ? It is this:
£i 5. That John C. IVIatlier, agent of the Department of
War for the examination and sale of the Fort Ripley reser-
vation, after having already joined a combination for the
purchase of The Poit Snolhng reservation, acted, in making
such puiehase, in violation of his official duty, and against
theknown policy of the Government, and that, to linn
and Richard Seliell, representeiLby hnn as agent, and .Steele
and Graham, who were complicated in the sale with him,
with a full knowledge of this official character, the sale of
the Port Snelling reservation was at the time and is now
void."
I ask any gentleman to say what objection there
is, upon the proof as it now stands, to find this
proposition true, and declare that fact, and having
declared it, to follow it out by repealing the power
of the Secretary to confer the title in this case,
and providing for paying back tins $30,000 to the
purchasers, and let them go their way rejoicing?
What objection can there be to such a course ? It
will not do for gentlemen to get up any sort of
special pleading, and say that this contract is void
only in part. I say it is a proposition which
will not be disputed by any lawyer, that the con-
tract being void in a material part is void in toto,
that it is invalid and contrary to law, and that it ,
could not be specifically executed by any court ;
of law. _ !
I know that the Government of the United j
States is not liable to be sued; but if it were, these |
purchasers could not have this contract enforced ;
m court. Let justice be done, and let this fiaud '
be rebuked; let those who perpetrated it be told
at once that they shall take nothing by it, that it :
shall yield them neither profit nor honor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. It was not my purpose to
have said anythirtg in connection with this ques-
tion; but I have heard here, to-day, from several
gentlemen upon the other side of the House, the
grossest imputations upon the honesty, integrity, .
and character of one of my own constituents, and
I would be doing injustice to my representative
character, as well as to him, it I permitted them i
to pass by unnoticed. !
Let mesav to the gentleman who last addressed
the House, [Mr. Bingham,] and to other gentle- |
men upon that side who have undertaken to charge ;
that Dr. Giaham had combined with other per-
sons for the purpose of plundering the Govern-
ment, that thev know nothing of his character
as a man, and it strikes me they know very lit-
tle of what is disclosed by the evidence, or such a
charge would not have been preferred in this dis- i
cussion. Theevidence taken by the committee, i
and reported to the House, justifies no such ini- j
ptftations. ,
Sir, on the score of character, on the score of
intelligence, on the score of respectable standing |
m the°community in which he was born and has !
lived for fifty years, he is the full peer of any man
on the other side of the House—of those gentle- j
men who have indulged in these assaults upon |
him. IIis standing and position m our commu-
nity , personally, socially, and professionally, are
deservedly high, and there is no man in whose i
character and conduct less can be found to war- <
rant such imputations and such aspetsions. fetr,
is there anything in this evidence to justify it? i
What single witness comes forward to testify to ;
any one fact which shows misconducton his part;
which shows that he has attempted to plunder the ;
Government, or to secure to himsilf, in any way,
advantages to which he is not entitled? The gen-
tleman who last addressed the House, [Mr. Bing-
h \m,] (while lie did not say so in express terms,)
intimated pretty broadly that Dr. Giaham went
there, and, by collusion with the agents Of the
Government, Heiskell and Eastman, obtained the
advantages which he was in pursuit of. Tiie evi-
dence shows that this statement 13 entirely un- ,
founded; for if you will look to the 105th page of
this recotd, you will find that the question is pro-
pounded to him distinctly: i
"Oncstion 154. Did von seek toexeieise any influence in ;
producing the result upon the part of the commissioners, ;
by v. inch thoy subjected this pioperty to a private instead ;
ot a public bale? '
".insiocr. I do not recollect that I had anj; conversation t
with the commissioners upon the subject of the sale until j
after it was over. The negotiation with the commissioners -
was carried on by Mi. Steele." j
With that question and answer upon the rec- ;
ord, one gentleman rises and makes the charge, I
and others follow and repeat it, that he went to i
Minnesota with a full knowledge acquired from j
Governor Floyd, in this city, and thatheused that |
knowledge for the purpose of operating on the j
commissioners, and inducing them to subject this ■
property to private sale. Now, I put it to these ;
gentlemen to say how they can excuse themselves ;
to their own consciences for this act of injustice? ;
The facts upon the record establish the reverse, '
and yet gentlemen continue to charge that he was j
there exercising this improper influence over the j
commissioners. There is not a panicle of testi- [
mony to justify the charge. The record palpably, '
positively, directly, unequivocally, and emphat- |
ically disproves it. _ i
There is still another point, Mr. Speaker, in I
this connection. It has been intimated here that I
there was collusion between Governor Floyd and S
Dr. Graham, and that Governor Floyd was aware ;
of Dr Graham's purpose in going to Minnesota;
and that when Dr. Graham called upon the Sec- j
retary, he did so not with a view to get business I
that would pay his expenses to the Territory at |
that time; but that he called there to ascertain j
whether, to use the language of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] he could not get part
of the five loaves and two fishes, in the shape of
the Fort Snelling puicliase. Now, let^us see
whether anything occurred between Dr. Graham
and the Secretary of War, which justifies this ;
imputation. On the 104th page I find the follow-
ing questions and answers: I
" Question 151. Do you know whether the Secretary of j
War had any knowledge, or liifoi mauon of anv kind, ol the ;
existence of the company of wlmh you wore the head r
<• .2n.swcr. i do not. lie certainly had none Iioiu me.
(i Question 153. Will you ttate to the committee who
constituted the company ot which you were flu; ugi-in'
" .Answer. As far a« I know the company, they ate John
C. Mather, Steele, Schell, and myself."
These questions and answers show that Dr.
Graham did not communicate his purpose in vis-
iting Minnesota to the Secretary of War; that he
kept it confined to his own breast, not even hint-
ing at it; and yet the inference is sought to be
deduced that he and the Secretary of War were
combining fora purpose then a few months ahead!
Sir, it is absurd; and I will suy nothing more
aboat it.
Now, sir, there is another thing. It has been
charged here, in this debate, that, after Dr. Gra-
ham and Heiskell re'gglied Minnesota, communi-
cations passed between the parties, by which it
was known that Dr. Graham was interested with
Steele in the purchase. Look at page 108, and see
what the testimony is there:
" Queition 192, (by the chanman.) Did or did not Major
Eastman or Mr. Hci&kcll, 01 cither ot thet.i, know that you
and the e other panic-, m New Yoik weie interested with
Mr. Steele befoie the pmoha-ie wa* made?
kk Jlnstcer. They never knew it Iroiu me.
" Quecficm 193, (by the ohm-man ) Did you learn fiom
either, or both ot them, m any convei sation you had with
them, that the lact had been communicated to them that
>ou were interested in the puicluuc, provided Steele made
it ?
u Jlnswcr. i did not "
There is the direct answer to the question on
that point, but it is persistently argued here that
these parties were directly in communication with
the agents, and that the evidence of that commu-
nication furnished the proof of the fraud, I in-
sist that the evidence shows nothing of the sort.
I called upon the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] to furnish one solitary fact which
Wc nt to show that Major Eastman was in com-
plicity with Dr. Giaham; and if there was, 1 asked
him to name the place in the record, and to name
the witness who proved the fact. The gentleman
declined to name the witness, and said that he had
a right to draw his own inference from what was
recorded.
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman's attention
to Dr. Graham's answer to the 366th question, on
page 1:23, and I ask him, in connection with it, to
give me his opinion as to what made Dr. Graham
insist oil getting possession of the instructions
given to these commissioners before the sale. The
question is this, Mr. Speaker:
k'Ques/io?i366. Did you know the instructionsof the Gov-
ernment to the commissioners before the sale ?
"Answer. I think I did.
" Question 337. Did you know that the instructions lim-
ited the extent of Steele's settlement on the Jantl to oae
hundred and frixty acres:
"Answer. I think £ did."
That was before the sale, and he says he went
out to Port Snelling in company with the com-
missioner who took these instructions out there.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely so. He went out
there with him; but does the gentleman seek in
that way to get rid of my question ?
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask the gentleman toanswer.
my question.
Mr. LETCHER. Stop a moment; you have
charged, distinctly and unequivocally, that Major
Eastman made this communication to Doctor
Graham.
Mr. DAWES. I have made no such charge,
Mr. Speaker.
Mv. LETCHER. Did you not charge that he
was in complicity witii him?
Mr. DAWES. I made no such charge, Mr.
Speaker.
Mr. LETCHER. What did you charge upon
him ?
Mr. DAWES. To what time do you allude?
Mr. LETCHER. When you and i had the
colloquy this morning.
Mr. DAWES. I charged Major Eastman then,
that after public clamor was raised about this se-
cret sale, and it was attempted to justify it, as a
protection against combinations, lie went up to
Fort Ripley and sold, at public auction, without
any protection against combinations, all the Fort
Ripley reservation for the purpose, as I said, of
setting up a back-fire.
Mr. LETCHER. Piecisclyso—for the pur-
pose of setting up the back-fire, to protect him-
self from the inference of complicity with Doctor
Giaham. And, now, when the gentleman inter-
rupts me, he does not pretend that he can find,
upon this recoid, in the testimony of any one
witness who has been examined, a particle of
evidence of any communication between Doc-
tor Graham and Major Eastman, prior to the
sale.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman answered
the question i put to him a moment ago ?
! Mr. LETCHER. Yes, I think I have, pretty
i distinctly.
| Mr. DAWES. Will he he kind enough to re-
| peat the answer to my question, which was, by
s what method, in his opinion, Dr. Graham ac-
quired a knowledge of the instructions in the pock-
ets of these commissioners before the sale?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know, unless it
was by publications in the newspapers.
Mr. DAWES. They were published in the
newspapers, were they*
Mr. LETCHER. I think they were. I do not
know where Dr. Graham got his information—
whether he got it from Heiskell or not; but if he
did get if from either of the commissioners it was
the easiest thing in the world for the committee
to make him say so. They had him before them
under oat!), and did not choose to interrogate him
on the subject; and if they fell short of procuring
testimony when they had every opportunity to
proeuie it, they ought not now to infer anything
against the witness which the committee were not
willing to inquire into upon his examination.
It is somewhat remarkable that all these gen-
tlemen set out with a declaration that nothing is
proven against the Secretary of War, which
shows either personal or official impropriety; but
yet they cannot get through a half dozen sen-
tences in the way of a speech, before they charge
that this trouble is the result of a fixed purpose,
on his part, to enrich his friends, at the expense
of the Government. Some gentlemen have gone
on to say that the Secretary of War acts upon
the principle that the spoils of office belong to his
friends, and that he set apart this amount of the
spoils for these four particular friends.
A word in regard to that. It strikes me that it
comes with a very bad grace from gentlemen on
the other side of the House to condemn a party
for standing by its friends. I have noticed on
every occasion, whenever there was an ofJLccr, to
be elected, so devoted were they to their own
nominees, even when they wore powerless to elect
them that they refused to vote for Democrats who
were bound to be elected, and against whom there
was no personal objection. If their party; preju-
dices were as weak as they now pretend, while ours
