1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©'LOBE.
mm
municipal government. If experience demon-
strates that tlie people are really incompetent to
govern themselves by their own officers, then we
will resort to more extreme measures.
The gentleman from New York pays'a trib-
ute to the President of the Uiiited "States, au'd is
willing:, from personal consideration#) to give Kim
iHiS power. Ah! *1 'wish'I could agree With the
gentleman from New York; but! must say, in' all
sincerity, that I cannot repose that confidence in
the President.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to tdkeup {his
bill in detail. I have'simply indicated my views
at large in reference to it; but I do sincercly hope
that this House—both pafties and all parties unit-
ing and cooperating—will not leave this city with-
out establishing a municipal organization that will
protect human life and'propcrty.
I will say, in conclusion, there is enough to
engage the attention, and absorbHhe time of the
President of the United States in the administra-
tion of the affairs of taventy-five"million people;
enough to perplex and;annoy him without im-
posing upon him the task of preserving order in
this city. He is the President of the Republic,
and not* the policeman of "Washington.
Mr. THOMPSON obtained the floor, but yield-
ed It to
Mr.;BILLINGHTHtST, who'moved that'the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr Jones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the special order, being
Senate bill "To establish an auxiliary guard for
the protection of public and private property in
the city of Washington, and repealing all acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject;" and
had como to po'resolution thereon.
An then, on motion of Mr. BOWIE, (at twenty-
five minutes past four o'clock,-p. m.,)the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 15, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. L.'EiLliott.
The Journal of yesterday Was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance ivith a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the sale of the
military reservation at Fort Crawford; which, on
the motion of Mr. H.vrlam, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Stephen
Krebs, Mary McGehey, and Lucy Lowery, chil-
dren of Stephen Krebs, a citizen of the Choctaw
nation of Indians, praying to be allowed other
land in lieu of that to which they were entitled
under the treaty with the Choctaw Indians of Sep-
tember 15, 1830; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GREEN presented a petition of citizens
of Scotland county, Missouri, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Memphis, in
that county, to Savannah, in Daviscounty, Iowa;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, in favor of a scientific
survey of the harbor of Boston; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Massachusetts, opposed to the admission of
Kansas as a State into the Union, under the Le-
compton constitution; which were ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
He also presented'resolutions of the Legislature
of Massachusetts in relation to the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case
* of Droil Scott w. J. F. A. Sandford; which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of J. W.
Sullivan, praying to be remunerated for losses
sustained by the repeated failure of the mail be-
tween New Orleans and San Francisco; which
WasVeferred' to the Committee on the'Post Office
and "Post Roads.
Mr. BRODERICK presented the-petition of
T. B. Miller, praying to be allowed'a pension on
account ofati injury received white a teamster in
tlie Army of the united States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of'Jane
J. Wingerd, praying to be~patd for the services
of her late husband, Jacob B. Wingerd,'as u tem-
porary clerk in the ofiice of the-First Comptroller;
which was referred to the Comniitteeon Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND ItEFEKRED.
On motion ofMr. BftO>DERlCK, it was
Ordered, That the'petition of Hemy'L tfocxhvin, on the
files of the Sena?'.-, bo referred to die ConcQiittee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
0)deredfrVh<Lt rho peiiiion ofNonh Miller, on the files of
the Senate, b"e referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NEXT MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represents! iva* That
when the two Houses of Congress adjourn on the firsflVTon-
day of June next, it shall be to meetagain on the first Mon-
day in November following.
SUPPLIES OF THE UTAH ARMY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the foHowingres-
olution of inquiry, and ask for its immediate con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, directed to com-
municate- to the Senate ;i copy of a comtact made with
Majors, and WatldelJ, for furm«lnna beef caulc,
(oxen for the trams,) entered into in Maich, 1833 Also,to
Mate what contracts, if any, have been made by the Derail-
ment of War, or under its authoiity, dutm« the prescnSes-
sion of Congress, in connection wnh the Utah expedition,
without public notice.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the Senator
from Maine to" amend his resolution so as to in-
clude orders that have been given for the purchase
of materials, horses, or cattle, without purchase
at public sale.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a document com-
municated which states all the purchases made
up to the period when the contract alluded to in
the resolution was made.
Mr. STUART. But I allude to orders issued
since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will put
his amendment in writing, I have no objection
to it.
Mr, STUART. It is to add" to the resolution:
And nho what orders or instructions have been given lo
the. Quartoi master General, or through hurt, for the pur-
chase of horses, cattle, £;ram, or other supplier, up to This
date, specifying particularly the terms of such 01 tiers or in-
structions.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
263) granting the right of way over the depot
grounds, on the military reserve at Fort Gratiot,
in the State of Michigan, for railroad purposes;
which was read twice" by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
11. No. 213) for the relief of Francis Wlodecki,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Alexander Copeland, submitted a repoit
accompanied by a bill (S. "No. 264) confirming
to Alexander Copeland title to four hundred and
eightyacres of land in Sonoma county, California.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the renort was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, reported a bill (S. No.
264) to prevent desertion, and to facilitate the
enlistment of soldiers in the Army of the United
States; winch was read twice by its title.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of the
merchants of New Orleans, praying that a steam
revenue-cutter may be built'to be stationed in the
Crnlf of Mexico, has <1 irioted :me to repbft,>&d-
versely to the prayerof the'petWoii. 'Mrmalfiftg
this'report, I-wish to Say-that'I'&Se&fed '-to-il-re-
luctantly on IhogrounW'iSlsitetfin/tlie lelterftf the
Secretary of the Treasury. Tlie .ftnarfdia'i dilfi-
ij culties in which'the Treasury is now involved,
afford, in my judgment, a-sUfficient reason: for tie-
femn'g a recommendation:for:this change in'rela-
tion to revenite-euLtih-s iinlil'we have more means
j for ear'tying oiit'the system, Tfhe Somtiiittee ask
to be dfe'.'.lmtfjA'd, therefore,1 from the'fuKbcr-con-
sideration of the'petition.
The motitm tVasugreetl to.
JAMES'LAW R^NCfe.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to -whom was referred the bill from the
House of'Representatives, (H. R. No.'210) for
the relief of the le^al representatives or assignees
of James Lawrence, have directed me to report it
I back, and recommend its passage. I call the at-
[ tention of the Senatorfrom Louisiana to this bill,
i It is the case of which he spoke to me yesterday,
j Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the-Senato will con-
sent to pass that bill no%v. The object-is merely
to give the party who memorializes Congress tho
right to locate certain land. He haa already made
ia location winch-has been set aside by the Land
Office,'and the law authorizing the location has
■expired. This is-to give him the right to make
a further location, iii^place of tho one set aside.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
•Whole, to consider the bill. It authorizes tlie
assignees or legal! representatives of James Law-
rence, (to whom was issued donation certificate
number three hundred and six, under the eighth
section of the act of 24th of May, 1828, entitled
" An'act to'aid the State of Ohio in extending the
Miami canal from Dayton to Lake Erie, and to
grant a quantity of land to that State to aid in the
construction of the canals authorized bylaw, and
for making donations of land to certain persons
in Arkansas Territory,") to relocate the certifi-
cate upon any of the public lands in the State of
Arkansas, subject to-entry at a'minimum of not
more than"gl25 per acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate Without
amendment, ordered to a'third reading,' read tho
third time,'and'passed.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the diplomatic
and consular appiopriation bill, which has been
ordered to its third reading. I do not think it can
take long.
The motion Was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. G) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1859, was read a
third time and passed.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to call up the bill, (S. 1
No. 152,) beinga bill to incorporate the Washing-
ton National Monument Society. I' will state, in a
word, that it came up in its order the otherday, but
there were some amendments which had not been
quite prepared in committee. They are now ready,
and I suppose it will take only three or four min-
utes to dispose of the bill. It is very desirable
that it should pass now, so that it may get through
Congress at this session, to the end that tho cor-
porators may go on during tin* summer and pros-
ecute the work. If it is delayed they cannot doit.
The motion was agreed lo; and tho Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of tlie Whole, to con-
sider the bill.
For the purpose of completing the erection, now
in progress, of " a great national monument to the
memory of Washington, at the seat of the Fed-
eral Government," Winficld Scott, Walter Jones,
John J. Abert, James Kearney,Thomas Carbev-
ry, Peter Force, William A. Bradley, Philip R.
Fendall, Walter Lenox, Matthew f>\ Maury, and
Thomas Blagden, (being the survivors of the per-
sons mentioned in a certain grant, bearing uato
on the 12th of April,1848, by James K. Polk, then
President of the United States, in virtue of a joint
resolution of Congress, approved on the 31st of
January, in the same year, of an authoiity to erect
a monument to the memory of Goorgo Washing-
ton, on reservation numbered thr^e, in the city
of Washington,) and slso Archibald Henderson,
