560
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
35th Cong.... I st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
A, D. eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the
purpose of setting up or establishing any claim
against the United States to lands or mines or
minerals within the State of California, or of en-
abling any person to set up or establish any such
claim; or if any person shall sign his name as
governor, secretary, or other public officer acting
under Mexican authority, to any instrument of
writing falsely purporting to be a grant, conces-
sion,or denouncement under Mexican authority,
and during' its existence in California, of lands,
mines, or minerals, or falsely purporting to be an
informe, report, record, confirmation, or other
proceeding on an application for a grant, conces-
sion, or denouncement under Mexican authority,
during its existence in California, oflands, mines,
or minerals, the person so offending shall be
deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor;
and, being thereof duly convicted, shall be sen-
tenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor
for a period not less than three years, nor more
than ten years, and shall be fined not exceeding
ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That if any
.person, for the purpose of setting up or establish-
ing any claim against the United States to lands,
mines, or minerals within the State of California,
shall present, or cause or procure to be presented,
before any court, judge, commission, or commis-
sioner, or other officer of the United States, any
false, forged, altered, or counterfeited petition,
certificate, order, report, decree, concession, de-
nouncement, deed, patent, disefio, map, espediente
or part of an espediente, title-paper, or written
evidence of right, title, or claim to lands, min-
erals, or mines m the State of California, know-
ing the same to be false, forged,altered, or coun-
terfeited, or any falsely-dated petition, certificate,
order, report, decree, concession,denouncement,
deed, patent, confirmation, disefio, map, espe-
diente or part of an espediente, title-paper, or
written evidence of right, title, or claim to lands,
mines, or minerals in California, knowing the
same to be falsely dated; or if any person shall
prosecute in any court of the United States, by
appeal orotherwise, any claim against the Uniied
States for lands, mines, or minerals in California,
or shall, after the passage of this act, continue to
pro.sec.ute any claim now pending in said courts
against the United States for lands, mines, or
minerals in California, which claim is founded
upon, or evidenced by, any petition, certificate,
order, report, decree, concession, denouncement,
deed, patent, confirmation, disena, map, espe-
diente or part of an espediente, title-paper, or
written evidence of right, title, or claim, which
has been forged,altered, counterfeited, or falsely
dated, knowing the same to be forged, altered, or
counterfeited, or falsely dated, the person so of-
fending shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a
misdemeanor; and, on conviction thereof, shall
be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard
labor for a period not less than three years, nor
more than ten years, and shall be fined not ex-
ceeding ten thousand dollars.
Approved, May 18, 1858.
Chap. 2CLIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled " An Act to authorize the President of the
United States to cause to bo surveyed the Tract
of Land in the Territory of Minnesota, belong-
ing to the Half-Breeds or Mixed Bloods of the
Daeotah or Sioux Nation of Indians, and for
other purposes," approved seventeenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAma ica in Congress
assembled, That the act approved the seventeenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, above re-
ferred to, chapter eighty-three, be, and the same
is hereby, amended, so that the body of land known
as the half-breed tract, lying on the west side of
Lake Pepmand the Mississippi river, in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, and which is authorized to
be surveyed by the said act of eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, shall be subject to the operation of
the laws regulating the sale and disposition of the
public lands; and settlements heretofore made
thereon are declared valid so far as they do not
conflict with settlements made by half-breeds, and
that the settlers shall have the benefit of the pre-
emption laws of the United States, any location of
half-breed scrip thereon, after the date of the settle-
ment, notwithstanding: Provided, The declaration
of preemption be filed within three months after
public notice is given of the passage of this act
in the proper land district: .find provided, That
when two or more persons have settled on the
same quarter section, prior to the passage of this
act, they shall be permitted to enter the same,
and the rights of each shall be determined accord-
ing to the provisions of the act relating to pre-
emptions, passed March third, eighteen hundred
and forty-three.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this act shall not extend to any tract
or subdivision, within the body of land aforesaid,
which shall have been settled upon in good faith
by, and is in the occupancy of, any of the said
half-breeds or mixed bloods; which lands, so set-
tled upon and occupied by the half-breeds, are
hereby expressly declared to be subject to no
other disposition than location by the "certifi-
cates" or " scrip" authorized to be issued by the
said act of eighteen hundred and fifty-four, for
the benefit of said Indians. Nor shall the pro-
visions of this act extend to any lands which
may have been located prior to its passage with
half-breed scrip, with the consent of the settlers
thereon.
Approved, May 19, 18S8.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act to create a Land District
in the Territory of New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
asseinbled, That the public lands in the Territory
of New Mexico, to which the Indian title shall
have been extinguished, shall constitute a land
district, to be called the " district of New Mex-
ico," the office for which shall be established at
such place within said district as the President
o£ the United States may from time to time di-
rect.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That,for the
purpose of carrying this act into effect, the Pres-
ident shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice end consent of
the Senate, or during the recess thereof, a regis-
ter and receiver for the district hereby created,
who shall be required to reside at the site of the
office, and whose powers, duties, obligations, and
responsibilities shall be the same as are now pre-
scribed by law for other land officers, (so far as
they apply to these officers.)
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall not take effect in less than six months after
its passage.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. XLV.—An Act for the Relief of Isaac Drew
and other settlers upon the Public Lands in the
State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Isaac Drew, and such other per-
sons as may have settled, in good faith, in the
State of Wisconsin, since the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty, upon any portion of
the lands that were erroneously selected by said
State as a part of the five hundred thousand acre
grant, which selections were not confirmed, and
who were at that date, or since that time have
become, an actual settler and housekeeper, and
made improvements on any tract embraced among
said erroneous selections, are hereby entitled to
the same right of preemption, and upon the same
terms and conditions, as are prescribed by an act
entitled "An act to appropriate the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands and grant preemption
rights," approvedSeptember/owtee«(ft, [fourth,]
eighteen hundred and forty-one: Provided, Such
lands shall be paid for by such settlers at the min-
imum price.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That where
persons have erroneously entered any of the lands
named in the first section of this act, and shall
satisfactorily show to the register and receiver
that, prior to, or within three months after, the
passage of this act, they have made an actual set-
tlement on the lands mentioned in the first sec-
tion, the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is hereby authorized to issue patents therefor:
Provided, That it shall be satisfactorily made to
appear to him that the entry of the tracror tracts
sought to he patented does not interfere with the
rights or occupancy of any actual settler.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. XLYI.—An Act to prevent the inconveni-
ent accumulation in the Post Office Department
of Postmasters' Gluarterly Returns.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster Genera] may, from
time to time, in his discretion, dispose of any
quarterly returns of mails sent or received, pre-
serving the accounts current, and all vouchers
accompanying such accounts, and use such por-
tions of the proceeds thereof as may be necessary
to defray the cost of separating and disposing of
the same: Provided, That the accounts shall be
preserved entire at least two years.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. LVIII.—An Act for extending the Land
Laws east of the Cascade Mountains, in Oregon
and Washington Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the existing laws relating to the
survey and disposal of the public lands in the
Territories of Oregon and Washington, west of
the Cascade Mountains, be, and the same are
hereby, extended and made applicable also to the
lands lying east of said mountains within said
Territories.
Approved, May 29, 1858.
Chap. LIX.—An Act to amend the "Act to in-
corporate the Columbia Institution for the In-
struction of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind,"
approved February sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the provision made
in the above-recited act for the maintenance and
tuition of pupils in the said institution, the sum
of three thousand dollars per annum, payable
quarterly, shall be allowed, for five years, for the
payment of salaries and incidental expenses of
said institution, and that three thousand dollars
be, and is hereby, appropriated for the present
fiscal year, payable out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the deaf
and dumb and the blind children of all persons in
the military and naval service of the United States,
while such persons are actually in such service,
shall be entitled to instruction in said institution,
on the same terms as deaf and dumb and blind
children belonging to the District of Columbia.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all re-
ceipts and disbursements under this act shall be
reported to the Secretary of the Interior, as re-
quired in the sixth section of the act to which
this is an amendment.
Approved, May 29, 1858.
Chap. LXXXI.—An Act to provide for the Lo-
cation of certain confirmed Private Land Claims
in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the decisions in favor of certain
land claimants herein made by the recorder of land
titles in the State of Missouri and the two com-
missioners associated with him, by virtue of an
act entitled "An act for the final adjustment of
private land claims in Missouri," approved July
nine, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and an act
supplemental thereto, approved second March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, as entered in
the transcript of decisions transmitted by the said
recorder and commissioners to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, which said claims are
named and numbered as follows: Manuel de Liza,
number thirty-three; John Coontz and Hemp-
stead number forty-four; Matthew Saucier, num-
ber fifty-seven; Charles Tayon, number sixty-
seven; the sons of Joseph M. Pepin, number
