1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Jonathan B. H. Smith, William W. Seaton, Eli-
sfts Whittlesey, Benjamin Ogle Tayloe, and John
Carroll Brent, and their successors, to be elected
in the manner directed in the bill, are to be a
corporation and body-politic, by the name and
style of " The Washington National Monument
Society." The easement, and all the rights and
privileges conveyed in the grant, are to be vested
in, and confirmed to, this corporation; and any
and all property, and right of property, of any and
every kind and description, whether in posses-
sion, or in action, or in expectancy, or in possi-
bility, which may at any time before the passing
of this act have been acquired by the voluntary
association heretofore known by the name of the
Washington National Monument Society, or
which may hereafter be acquired by this corpo-
ration, are to be vested in, and confirmed to, the
corporation. It is to be competent for the persons
named and described in the bill as constituting
the corporation, and their successors, to remove,
by a vote of four fifths of them,any of their num-
ber; but for any other purpose a quorum of five
shall be sufficient for the transaction of business.
When any vacancy shall happen in the corpora-
tion, from death or resignation, or otherwise, the
remaining members are to elect a successor to fill
the same, within ten days after the happening of
such vacancy; and on failure to fill it within thirty
days, the attorney of the United Slates for the
District of Columbia is to proceed against the cor-
poration hy a writ of scire Jucias> for a forfeiture
of the charter.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move to amend the bill, in section three,
by striking out " for any other purpose a quorum
of five shall he sufficient for the transaction of
business," and inserting:
Fot any other act within tin; legitimate objects of this cor-
poration a quoium of live sliaJl lie sutheient foi the trans-
action of business: Provided* That notice of all meeting-;
winch may not bo provided tor m the by-law-* and oidi-
nanees? of the corporation, shall be given to all members
ihereot abiding within the Dkvtnet of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr BROWN. I now propose this amend-
ment: in section four, at the end of line ten, after
the clause directing the district attorney to pro-
ceed against the corpoiation fur a forfeiture ot the
chattel, in a certain contingency, to insert;
I e:bre * lit* eucnit, cunit of the District of Columbia, and
tlx- adjudication of thnr eoutl thereon shall bp eonolu-ive ;
and, -should thi> ehai ier be so adjudged foiieited, the inouu
im-nt, ami other impio\vment-.and piopertv held undo the
i-amc, shall be placed by the I'rcMdcut ol the United States
under the car>< and cu-todv ot the t 'omnu.^sioner of Public
Bmidnm>, or bitch othei oilicer of the United States as ho
Miall designate lot the tunc hcm«£.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move, in section five, line
fifteen, to strike out the woids, " or a majority of
them;" so us to read, " elect, so soon alter the
passage of this act as may be convenient, such
officers as they may deem proper."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move another amendment;
in section five, line seventeen, after the word
"regulations," to insert "consonant to the ob-
jects of this charter;" so that it will read, " and
to make and ordain such constitution, by-laws,
ordinances, and regulations consonant to the ob-
jects of this charter as they may deem expedient
and proper."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have one other amendment;
in section five, line twenty-one, to strike out all
after the woid " President," and insert, "and
that the Governors for the time being of the sev-
eral States of the United States shall be respect-
ively ex-r-Jjicio vice presidents of the said society,
corporation, and body-politic; and that all meet-
ings thereof shall be lit Id, and all records and pa-
pers thereof kept at the said city of Washington;"
so that u will read:
Provided, always, That the Presidentof the United States
fur the time being, shall bo euj-offwio president, and that the
Governors foi the time being, of the several States of the
United States, shall be respectively ex-officio vice presi-
dents of the said society, coiporation, and body-pol itie ; and
that all me«tins;* thereol snail be held, and afl records and
papers thereof kept at the said eity of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment in section two, line seven, to strike
out the words "or in possibility." This is ail
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to it. I do
not think the words mean anything in the con-
nection in which they are, and it is well enough
to strike them out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
are in brackets in the printed bill, and were con-
sidered, as reported by the committee, to be
stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time and passed.
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask theunanimouscon-
sent of the Senate for the addition of one member
to the Committee on Private Land Claims for the
remainder of the session, and to dispense with
the rules for that purpose. The Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who objected to it
the other day, has been kind enough to withdraw
his objection.
There being no objection, the motion was agreed
to; and the President pro tempore was authorized
to make the appointment.
ISSUING OF LAND PATENTS.
Mr. STUART. I would be glad if the Senate
would indulge me by passing a bill which was
passed at the lastsession, simply to authorize the
issuing of patents to States to whom land grants
have been made for railroad purposes. The law
is a title undoubtedly, but it is found necessary
to have a patent that con be recorded, in order to
satisfy purchasers that there is an actual title to
the land. The bill does not contain more than
eight or nine lines.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 204) to pro-
vide for issuing patents m certain cases where
grants of the public lands have been made by
Congress
It provides that, in all cases where any grant
of public land** has been made by Congress to
any State, lor the purpose of aiding the construc-
tion of any raihoad, canal, or other similar im-
provement, the State, or its grantees, shall be en-
titled to receive a patent for all lands so granted,
upon producing satisfactory proof to the Secre-
tary of the Interior that the conditions of the grant
have been complied with.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, with an amendment in line six, to
strike out the words u or its grantees," after the
word " State."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
why this bill is not made prospective as well as
retrospective. Why not say " m all cases where
any grant of public lands has been or may here-
after be made?"
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
I would state to the Senator that this was a bill
referred to the committee, arid, being the same one
that was passed at the last session, the commit-
tee reported it hack with this single amendment.
The Senator can offer the amendment he suggests.
I see no objection to it.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the bill
by inserting, after the word " been," in the third
line, the words " or shall hereafter be."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was repoi led to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read tiie third time, and passed.
iVIr. ICING. The title ought to be amended. I
see it alludes only to the past.
Mr. STUART. The words "to the States"
should also be inserted.
The title was amended so as to read, " A bill to
provide for issuing patents in certain cases where
grants of public lands have been or shall be made
to the States by Congress."
TELEGRAPH TO UTAH.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On the question taken
yesteiday or the day before, to postpone to the
1st of December next, tiie bill to facilitate com-
munication with the army in Utah, J voted in the
dHrmaiive. I did not understand the question at
the time. I supposed it was merely to lay the
bill on the table. I move that the vote then taken
be reconsidered; and in making this motion I do
not desire to be understood as committing my-
selfin favor of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the consideration of the motion at
this time ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir, intending then
to lay the subject on the table for the present.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the bill will not be re-
considered now. The Senate is very thin. Many
of the gentlemen who voted against the bill are
absent. I hope the Senator from Kentucky will
agree to postpone his motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not insist on it
if the gentleman persists in his opposition, but I
have no intention of calling it up for action now.
It is hoped that the bill may be amended and put
in an unobjectionable form.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understood the Senator
from Kentucky to say that he wished immediate
action on the question of reconsideration.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish merely that it
may be reconsidered and the subject laid on the
table.
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer that notice should be
given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky can enter his motion, and its con-
sideration can be determined hereafter.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pr$ tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I gave notice
that I should to-day call up the bill regulating the
public printing. The Committee on Printing are
not prepared to do so to-day. and I give notice
now, that on Thursday next it will be called up
for consideration.
PROTECTORATE OVER MEXICO.
Mr. HOUSTON. I beg to remark that on next
Monday I shall request the Senate, in the morning
hour, to take up my resolution on the subject of
the protectorate of Mexico, to enable me to ren-
der some reasons for it. I hope I shall be indulged
by the Senate.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. STUART. If the morning business is
through, as it is within seven minutes of the time
for the consideration of the special order, I move
that we now proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 65) to
au th oi ize the President of the United States to con-
tract for the transportation of the mails, troops,
seamen, munitions of war, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, m the State of California, the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Polk to strike out, in section one, lines
seven and eight, the words" between the mouths
of the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers," and insert:
—" or in the western boundary line ofthe State of Missouri,
or of the State of Arkan>.as, between the Big Sioux nver
and Fort Smith, on the Aikan^as river."
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, in my opinion, we
ought not to undertake to build more than one road
to the Pacific ocean. In the first place, I do not
think we are equal to the task of building more
than one road. No one appreciates more highly
than I do, the vast resources, the great national
power, the energy, and the enterprise and indom-
itable perseverance of our people. In all these
respects, no nation, that " has ever flourished in
the tide of time,"hasexcelled us. I believe that
on the face of the earth there is not, and there
never has been, a people superior to us m all these
respects.
But, sir, the enterprise of building a railroad
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
is oneof stupendous proportions. Its proportions
are stupendous in reference to its length; in refer-
ence to the difficulties of the route that must be
surpassed and overcome; and from the further fact,
that it traverses for almost us entire distance a
vast region of country uninhabited. Two thou-
sand miles of distance will scarccly cover the
length that must be traversed by such a road.
Hills must be cut down; valleys mustjae elevated;
mountains must be ascended; and broad rivers and
streams must be bridged. It will be the first time
