512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
having voted to create this great expense, I
wished to call the attention of this committee, and
of the country, to the facts.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to inquire if that is
not the same Congress that passed the Kansas-
Nebraska bill ?
Mr. CRAGIN. As soon as I can get the op-
portunity m the House, I have a resolution which
I intend to offer, icquesting the Superintendent
of Public Printing to report to this House the cost
of the printing ordered by the Thirty-Third and
Thirty-Fourth Congresses, respectively. I want
to haveitfiom official quarters, and i tell you,
that report will show that the printing ordered by
the Thirty-Third Congress costs $1,000,000 more
than that ordered by the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
The great error of this whole printing business
is this: Congress has ordered the printing of
works which they knew nothing at all about.
When the resolution was introduced for printing
the Pacific railroad report no member of this
House supposed that it was going to run up to
eleven volumes. Only two years ago, after one
or two volumes had been printed, the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, in a communication
to the chairman, at that time, of the Committee
on Printing, [Mr. Nichols,] of which committee
1 was also a member, said he supposed that re-
port would reach six volumes. Now we are told
it is going to amount to eleven volumes. This
is the way these enormous expenses have been
created. These works, too, were allowed to be
profusely illustrated. The engraving, alone, for
the Japan expedition, cost £,250,000.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, it. seems to
me that this is purely a question of good faith.
If I understand the bill as reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it is a bill to provide
means for the payment of a debt incurred by prior
Congresses, if that, debt has been contracted by
them, if that work has been ordered by them,
and the contracts haVe been made upon the faith
of Congress in the usual way, it does not become
us, at this tune, to say they must not be paid,or
to stop to inquire whether the work ought to have
been orden d at that time. The resolution is ex-
press in declaring that the sums now asked to
be appropriated ar • for the payment of work or-
dered to be done by the Thirty-Thu d and Thn ty-
Fourtii Congresses. If that be so, let each gen-
tleman, before lie votes against it, ask himself
wheihei he would listen to an imputation upon
himself of bc.iig unwilling to pay for any woik
winch he himself had ordered, it mattei s little
wheihi-i tli'' work lue? been done or not if the con-
tract has been made in good f'aiih, if it has been
put into operation, and thete has been an under-
taking to do tii-' woik; and if, as I understand
there are, things are m progress connected with
the woik, good faith requires that we should pay
tor it.
1 behe\e there has been great extravagance, but
I bih< ve that, funn the necessity which is felt to
pay tilts debt, we may learn wisdom in contract-
ing future debts. 1 agree with all sides about
the wasteful < xpendiiure of the public money,
and the ltnpnhey of entering into contracts which
outlast the official existence of those who enter
into them, Butas it has been done, and preceding
Congiesses have given oideis requiring people to
enter into conhacts to fuihll those orders, we must,
as their successors, be willing to pay for them.
Now, sit, I cannot vote for the amendment
which has just ben olTeted, because it seems to
interfere with contracts aheady entered into. If
there is no obligation to punt these books, 1 hope
the printing m,iy be diseon!mued; but jf there is
any obligation to do tile work, and contracts have
hei-n e.itei -'d into, those contracts must be fulfilled
to the l-'Uer, and I, for one, wdl never listen to
any sjgg'suon of extravagance or waste or use-
less expenditure, which has its foundation only
up«m bioken faun. I wouid do in reference to a
public debt, exactly as Iwould do for myself, and
if i deem it an imputation upon my character to
be unwilling to pay for what I had ordered, or
to fuliiii a contiact in part executed, I should be
just as unwilling to lend my vote to withhold pay-
ment fiom those who have made contracts with
the nation under like circumstances.
1 think, Mr. Chairman, the amendment ought
not to be adopted. 1 think there is no occasion
for il Jt the works have been ordered, they must
be paid for. If they have not been ordered, there
can be no necessityfortheadoption of theamend-
ment.
Mr. BOYCE demanded tellers on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Billing-
hurst and Peyton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 52, noes GG.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agree d to.
Whilst the committee was dividing, Mr. Cra-
gin proposed to withdraw his amendment, with
a view of offering it at another point in the bill;
but the Chair decided that it was not in order to
withdraw it whilst the committee was dividing.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to reduce the sum to $2,000. My ob-
ject in moving that amendment is to avail myself
of the five-minute rule to make a few remarks on
the bill. I have heaid disputes on diffeient sides
of the House as to which party is lesponsible for
the extravagance of former Congresses m this
printing matter. MycolloaguefromVirginia [Mr.
Letcher] gave us a speech in favor of the bill,
one of the principal arguments of which was that
one gentleman had voted to print such a report,
and another gentleman had voted to print such
another report, and that those gentlemen were
now found in opposition to the bill. For my own
part, I think that we have to deal with the respons-
ibilities of the present, and it is a matter of no
sort of consequence to the House how inconsist-
ent any gentlemen amongst us may have been m
former times. It is of equally little consequence
in reference to the present I) ill, whether the Democ-
racy of the Thirty-Third Congress were more
extiuvagant than the Republican majority of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. The question is whether
the Thirty-Fifth Congress should sanction the
extravagance of its predecessors. The question
is whether we, in this period of heavy taxation
and public and private financial calamity, shall
go on to perpetrate additional extravagance, and
cumulate the excesses of former Congresses.
Tha r is the question for us to consider, and I sub-
mit to you, sir, whether it is worthy of statesmen,
and of the responsible Representatives of the
people, to allow the debate to degenerate into a
mere recrimination between persons and parties.
I wish, sir, that these amendments were being
ollered in the House instead of in committee, that
we might take the yeas and nays upon them and
see who is lesponsible. I hope, su, that gentle-
men upon the other side noticed the vote taken by
tellers upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.] The large bulk of
those who sit upon this side of the House voted
for that amendment, and to my utter astonishment
the gentlemen upon the other side most clamorous
for economy, voted against it and defeated it. That
amendment was eminently right and proper.
Who, Mr. Chairman, in this House is opposed
to fulfilling contracts? We arc all for that. But
you must lirst tell us what the contracts aie. The
Superintendent of the Public Printing in his re-
poit, dated as lata as the 5th of January last, in-
forms us that only $316,000 of the seven or eight
hundred thousand dollars appropriated in this bill
is required to pay to ft woik already done. All the
rest is to pay for work which was yet unexecuted
on the 5th of January. Now, before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can ask us to vote an
amount, under the name of a deficiency, beyond
the $310,000, it is their duty to tell us whether that
report ot the Superintendent of Public Printing
is true or false. The gentleman from Missouu
1 [Mr Phelps] has told us that it is true that onlv
I $310,000 was due on the 5th of January, but that
: printing has been done since,and that something
is due tor that. It will be time enough to provide
i for that when the Committee of Ways and Means
j have information on which they can ask for a de-
1 ficiency.
j The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
I tells us that there are contracts for work yet un- ■
■ executed; for plates, engravings, lithographs, and ;
the like. The amendment offered by the gentle- ;
man from Louisiana [Mr. SAXDiDOb] would have \
covered all that. I am willing to fulfill ail these .
contracts; but will gentlemen tell me that we are \
bound by contract to pay for the printing if the i
manuscript be not even written yet ? Arewebonnd :
by contract to pay for the printing of manuscript ,
written but not yet in the printer s hands? Are !
we bound by contract to pay for printing where
the manuscript is in the hands of the printer but
where the work is not yet done ? A re we bound
to pay, as in the case of the second volume of ihe
Emory report, for paper not yet bought? And
yet our Superintendent's report shows that part
of the appropriation asked for in this deficiency
bill is for imaginary liabilities of this sort. Your
printer and binder are merely your employ;" s to
execute your orders; and you might as well say
that because Captain Alcigs has the superintend-
ency of the Capitol extension you are bound by
the contracts which he makes, and are bound to
go on and complete the work in any style of ex-
travagance that ho may have designed.
Sir, let it be known that this is the very first
attempt made in the beginning of the Thirly-Fifth
Congiess to bring about retrenchment; and let
gentlemen come up to the mark, and show who
are for and who are against it. If this Congress
is to go on and imitate the acts of its predeces-
sors; if this system of public plunder is to go on
from Congress to Congress, for the benefit of party
editors and part}*-favorites, give us who are against
it the opportunity of placing our names on recoid,
and of washing our hands of all such corruption.
Mr. SEWARD. I renew my objection to the
character of this debate. I hope the Chair will
confine gentlemen strictly to the question under
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will try to do
so.
Mr. LETCHER. So far as I am concerned,
either in regard to this or to any other matter, my
colleague [Mr. Garrett] knows me well enough
to know that f am not inclined to dodge any vote,
either by yeas or nays or by any other way what-
soever. So far as this matter is concerned, I hum-
bly conceive that the Committee of Ways and
Means have done nothing more than their duty
in reporting this bill; and I am prepared to vote
** ay" on the yeas and nays, or m any other way
in which this measure may be presented to the
House. Not only so; but I am willing to assume
and to bear whatever of responsibility attaches
to that vote, and to go before my people on my
past record in this House on the question of econ-
omy or extravagance.
Now, sir, it was my belief, when this bill was
reported, and it is my belief now, after all that
has been uttered on this subject in di bate, that the
most economical plan to dispose of this question
is to pass the bill which the Committee of Ways
and Means has introduced. If that bill be re-
jected now, or if it be reduced either one fourth,
or one half, the Congress of the United States will
bo besieged, from this time till there be a final
disposition of the question, for the balances that
maybe claimed by these parties on contract^, or,
j in the language of the House, on the agn ements
I or arrangements that have been consummated be-
tween the parties who are to do this work and
the organized agents of this House, who are the
Committee and the Superintendent of Public
Printing.
Nov/, sir, the gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
overthe way, [ Mr. Grow,] thanked his God that
he was not like these other people around here;
that ho did not vote for anv of this printing; that
he had been opposed to it all the way through
from its inception to the present time. I find, sir,
that when 
Mr. GROW. Is it to me the gentleman refers ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes: just wait till I get to
the charge.
I find on reference to the Journal of the House,
that in the second session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] constituted one of seventy who voted to
reprint the American State Papers by Gales &
Seafon. How much that was to have cost I do
not know, nor does anybody else here.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not speaking to the amendment,
but is making a speech in reference to the con-
duct of members of a prior Congress, and is ex-
hibiting yeas and nays to show the conduct of
members of this House.
Mr LETCHER. I am opposed to all the
amendments, and I am surprised that my friend
from Georgia [Mr. Seward] does not see it, and
does not know that I am making a common fight
against them all, whether they be to reduce or
increase the appropriation.
