1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....] st Sess.
seventy-four; Louis Lorimier, number eighty-
seven; Bartholomew Cousin, number eighty-nine;
Manuel Gonzales More, number ninety-five;
Seneca Rawlins, number one hundred and four;
William L. Long, number one hundred and six;
Joachim Liza, number one hundred and thirty-
three ; Francis Lacombe, number thirty-four;
Israel Dodge, number three hundred and thirty-
eight; Joseph Silvain, number two hundred and
ninety-three; John P. Cabanis, number two hun-
dred and ninety-eight; William Hartley, number
three hundred and one; Andrew Chevalier, num-
ber two hundred and ninety-two; William Mor-
rison, number three hundred and seven; Solomon
Bellew, number three hundred and eight; Paschal
Detchemendez, number three hundred and nine;
Baptiste A mure, number three hundred and ten;
Alexander Maurice, number three hundred and
twenty-three; John Baptiste Vallee, number three
hundred and thirty-four; said decisions above
named being in the first class of claims, acted upon
by said board; also the claim of Regis Loisel,
number six, in the second class, acted on by said
board be, and the same are hereby, confirmed to the
respective claimants or their legal representatives.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the de-
cisions in favor of land claimants made by P.
Grimes, Joshua Lewis, and Thomas B. Robert-
son, commissioners appointed to adjust private
land claims in the eastern district of the Terri-
tory of Orleans, communicated to the House of
Representatives by the Secretary of the Treasury,
on the ninth day of January, one thousand eight
hundred and twelve, and which is [are] found in
the American State Papers, Public Lands, (Duff
Green's edition,) volume two, from page two
hundred and twenty-four to three hundred and
sixty-seven, inclusive, be, and the same are here-
by, confirmed, saving and reserving, however, to
all adverse claimants the right to assert the validity
of their claims in a court or courts of justice;
Provided, however, That any claim so recom-
mended for confirmation, but which may have
been rejected, in whole or in part, by any subse-
quent board of commissioners, be, and the same
is hereby, specially excepted from confirmation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthe loca-
tions authorized by the preceding section shall be
entered with the register of the proper land office,
who shall, on application for that purpose, make
out for such claimant, or his legal representatives,
(as the case may be,) a certificate of location,
which shall be transmitted to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office; and if it shall appear
to the satisfaction of the said commissioner that
said certificate has been fairly obtained, according
to the true intent and meaning of this act, then,
and in that case, patents shall be issued for the
land so located as in othercases; and for each and
every certificate as aforesaid, issued by the regis-
ter of any land office, he shall receive the sum of
one dollar; that in all cases of confirmation by
this act, or where any private land claim has been
confirmed by Congress, and the same, in whole
or in part, has not been located or satisfied, either
for want of a specific location prior to such con-
firmation, or for any reason whatsoever, other
than a discovery of fraud in such claim subse-
quent to such confirmation, it shall be the duty
of the surveyor general of the district in which
such claim was situated, upon satisfactory proof
that such claim has been so confirmed, and that
the same, in whole or in part, remains unsatisfied,
to issue to the claimant, or his legal representa-
tives, a certificate oflocation for a quantity of land
equal to that so confirmed and unsatisfied; which
certificate may be located upon any of the public
lands of the United States subject to sale at pri-
vate entry, at a price not exceeding one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre: Provided, That
such location shall conform to legal divisions and
subdivisions.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthe regis-
ter of the proper land office, upon the location of
such certificate, shall issue to the person entitled
thereto a certificate of entry, upon which, if it
shall appear to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office that such cer-
tificate has been fairly obtained, according to the
true intent and meaning of this act, a patent shall
issue as m other cases.
Approved, June 2, 1858.
New Series—No. 36.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of Government for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, namely:
Legislative.—For compensation and mileage of
Senators, one hundred and sixty-two thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; offi-
cer charged with disbursements of the Senate, four
hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; principal clerk, and
principal executive clerk in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, at two thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars each; eight clerks in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, at one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper of the
stationery, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-
two dollars; two messengers, at one thousand and
eighty dollars each; one page, at five hundred
dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, two
thousand dollars; assistant-doorkeeper, one thou-
sand seven hundred dollars; postmaster to the
Senate, one thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars; assistant postmaster and mail carrier, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars; two
mail boys, at nine hundred dollars each; superin-
tendent of the document room, one ihousand five
hundred dollars; two assistants in document
room, at one thousand two hundred dollars each;
superintendent of the folding room, one thousand
five hundred dollars; two messengers, acting as
assistant doorkeepers, at one thousand five hun-
dred dollars each; sixteen messengers, at one
thousand two hundred dollais each; superintend-
ent in charge of Senate furnaces, one thousand
two hundred dollars; assistant in charge of fur-
naces, six hundred dollars; laborer in private pas-
sage, six hundred dollars; two laborers, at four
hundred and eighty dollars each; clerk or secre-
tary to the President of the Senate, one thousand
seven hund red and fifty-two dollars; draughtsman,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars;
clerk to the Committee on Finance, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars; clerk to the Com-
mittee on Claims, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars; clerk of printing rccords, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars—making
seventy-eight thousand nine hundred and four-
teen dollars.
For the additional compensation allowed by
the resolution of the Senate of the eleventh of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, to a mes-
senger in the office of the Secretary of the Senate,
for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, three hundred
and thirty dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For binding, fifty thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving, forty-five
thousand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand dollars.
For Congressional Globe and bindingthe same,
twenty-fourthousand two hundred and seventeen
dollars and twenty cents.
For reporting proceedings, ten thousand four
hundred dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses,
and carryalls, twenty-six thousand five hundred
and eight dollars and fifty cents.
For miscellaneous items, twenty-thousand dol-
lars.
For stationery for fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
five thousand dollars for the Senate; and for sta-
tionery for fiscal year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand
dollars for the House of Representatives.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates from
Territories, five hundred and eighty thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
Clerk of the House of Representatives, three
thousand six hundred dollars; two clerks, at two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars each;
seven clerks, at one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; clerk in charge of books for members, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; reading clerk,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; librarian,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; clerk in
charge of the stationery, one thousand eighthun-
dred dollars; principal messenger in the office, one
thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars;
three messengers, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each; Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars; clerk to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one
thousand two hundred dollars; postmaster, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; one mes-
senger in the office, one thousand seven hundred
and forty dollars; four messengers, at one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars each; Door-
keeper, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; superintendent of the folding room, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; superintendent
and assistant in the document room, at one thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars each;
messenger in charge of the Hall, seventeen hun-
dred and forty dollars; five messengers, at one
thousand five hundred dollars each; eight mes-
sengers, at one thousand two hundred dollars
each; six messengers, at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars each; messenger to the Speaker, one
thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars;
clerk to the Committee of Claims, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; clerk to the Committee of
Ways and Means, one thousand eight hundred
dollars—making eighty-six thousand seven hun-
dred and forty-eight dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For binding documents, one hundred thousand
dollars
For furniture, repairs, and boxes for members,
ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle horses, six
thousand dollars.
For fuel, oil, and candles, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For engravme, electrotyping, and lithograph-
ing, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Capitol police, five thousand eight hundred
and ninety dollars.
For laborers, six thousand two hundred and
eighty-five dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, four thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For folding documents, including pay of fold-
ers, wrapping paper, twine, and paste, thirty
thousand dollars.
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Dele-
gate of the second session of the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, seventeen thousand three hundred and
fifty-two dollars.
For binding twenty-four copies of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix for each member
and Delegate of the second session of the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, eight thousand and ninety-seven
dollars and sixty cents: Provided, That no greater
price shall be paid for the same than sixty c,ents
for each volume or part, actually bound and de-
livered.
For reporting the debates of the second session
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, eight thousand
dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters for the Congressional Globe for report-
| ing the proceedings of the House of Represent-
j atives for the next regular session of the Thirty-
| Fifth Congress, eight hundred dollars to each
i reporter, four thousand dollars.
