1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2623
Earty feeling. I have not had an opportunity to
estow upon this record as much examination as
it deserves, although I have read critically the re-
ports of both branches of the committee, and the
testimony of the principal witnesses who have
deposed in this case. As I do not belong either
to the Republican or the Democratic party, I feel
that I may be credited by the House, when I say
that 1 entered upon the consideration of this case
without any party aim or purpose. I came to it,
I confess, with a feeling of personal partiality for j
the gentleman who plays the most conspicuous :
part in this transaction, although he belongs to 1
another political party than that to which I am ;
attached; but I would not throw a gauze over any ■
fault committed by the Secretary of War, nor
would I conceal, in the slightest degree, the im-
pression that this testimony has made upon my
mind. I act in this matter as nearly as I can, ex-
actly as if I were a sworn juror in the box. I
will not give to the Secretary of War that minc-
ing modicum of a verdict proposed to be dealt out |
to him by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr..Stan-
ton,] to wit, that the matter charged is " not
proved;" on the contrary, sir, looking over the
whole testimony in this case, I see no fact upon
which to rest a charge of corruption against the
Secretin y, and I freely pronounce his acquittal of i
that. j
In the first place, what is the law under which
this officer acted? He acted under the lav/- of
1819, modified by the law of 1857. When did
he form his official determination to act on the
subject-matter of selling Fort Snelling? The proof
is clear and uncontradicted that when he gave his
verbal order to Major Eastman, early in April,
1857, for the survey of that reservation, he in-
formed that officer at the same time that he. in-
tended lo send an agent theie to sell it. When
he gave this verbal statement of his official determ-
ination to his subaltern officer, he had not seen
any of the parties who are complicated m the
subsequent stages of this transaction. It was his
duty, as Secretary of War, to determine whether
he would sell. He formed that determination alone,
and withoutaid from Mr. Mather,Mr. Sehell, Mr.
Graham, Mr. Heiskell, or anybody else.
How, then, can any gentleman, acting upon
the testimony only, so far as this act of the Sec-
retary is concerned, attach the censure of corrup-
tion to his determination to sell? I find him not
surrounded by any persons when he announced
his decision, uninfluenced by any of these con-
federates. There is not a scintilla of proof that,
up to that time, anybody had talked to him of
the matter. Having the instruction to survey the
reservation into forty-acre tracts, Major Eastman
left Washington early in April for the theater of
his duty. The Secretary gave his instructions to
Eastman and Heiskell on the 25th of May. I
have examined these instructions. They gave to
the agents the right to sell at public auction, on
public advertisement, and in small lots to suit
purchasers, or to sell the whole together. With
that instruction I can find no fault, unless I choose
to be hypercritical, and to find laultthat the Sec-
retary of War, after he had formed his determ-
ination to sell, should have left any latitude of
discretion at all in his agents. I am not dis-
posed to go so far. Ilad I been the Secretary of
War, I should have probably felt disposed to do
just what he did Not being myself personally
acquainted with the locnhty or personally cogni-
zant of what ought to belong to the transaction,
having confidence in the men whom I had select-
ed, I would have reposed in them at least the dis-
cretion to determine whether they would sell in
gross or in detail, because the question, at last, is
limited to that.
In forming an opinion upon this transaction, I
am bound to regard only the evidence in the case.
Mr. Heiskell has been brought to the book; so
have Mr. Sehell, Mr. Mather, Dr. Graham, and
Major Eastman. Our committee has not only ex-
amined and cross-examined them, but after a
cross-examination,carried out in all its details, to
suit the fancies of the interrogators, these persons
have, at different times, been brought back to the
stand,in order to be reexamined, their testimo-
ny speaks but one voice upon the point whether
the Secretary was a party to any combination;
they all swear positively to the fact, that there
was no combination between any one of them
and the Secretary of War. They all, in the most
emphatic terms, acquit the Secretary of War, of (
all knowledge of any combination that they may I
have had with one another.
Now, sir, permit me to do the majority of the
committee the justice to say, that after the most
critical investigation of their report, I have not
found in it any point on which gentlemen on the
opposite side of the House can charge them with
an intention to impute corruption to the Secretary
of War. Had*they intended to impute anything
against the integrity of the Secretary of War, I
suppose fliat, as men, as statesmen, as legislators,
they would have spoken it out in phrase unmis-
takable. So far from their doing so, as I read
their report, they have studiously guarded them-
selves againstgoing a single point beyond the tes-
timony*, and there is nothing in the report of the
majority of the committee at which any friend of
the Secretary of War has the right to take of-
fense. 1 do not think that the Secretary of War
is entirely blameless. I think he acted improvi-
dently in the transaction. I believe he acted hon-
estly in it, but I think he acted improvidently.
One of the greatest errors that he committed in
the transaction was in his instructions to the com-
missioners to establish the minimum price of the
land at $7 50, when he had in his own office a bid
for it at fifteen dollars an acre. Judges who open
sales always start the minimum price at the bid
which has been made.
The Secretary of War had not been more than
a month in office. There is a possibility that he
had not read this correspondence in regard to Fort
Sncllina:. If he had not, yet fixed tlie minimum
at $7 50, that would only verify my idea that he
had beuii very improvident about it. I do not see
anything, however, in this which enables me, as
a gentleman, to touch his integrity. Theie are
some little circumstances ali through this case at
which a captious man might start. As, for in-
stance, that his tastes should have lead him into
western Virginia, to select Mr. Heiskell, on the
25th of May, and to the city of New York to
select Mr. Mather, on the 26th of May, and that
lie should not have been providentenough to have
guarded his country against the chaige of double
mileage fur two sets of agunts, one of whom was
to go to Fort Snelhng and the other to Fort llip-
ley—that he should have selected them from dif-
ferent -quarters of the Confedeiacy, and started
them to the same neighborhood to do the same
sort of business. Out 1 would not assail his in-
•igrity for a fault like that, especially when all
| t lese persons who have been brought to the book
have sworn that he knew nothing at all about
their combinations. Nor would I impeach the
Secretary of War on account of the very curious
operations of Dr. Graham.
Dr. Graham testifies that at the time of his first
coming to Washington, a combination was already
formed; but he swears emphatically to the fact
that when he informed the Secretary of War that
he was going west, for the purpose of making |
some investments, and wanted to know if the
Secretary had anything for him to do that would
pay his expenses, the Secietary told him he had
nothing there except to sell Fort Snelling, or some
old forts; and that, on this hint, he came in his
own mind to the conclusion that if Fort Snelling
was to be sold, he would rather be a speculator in
the sale than an agent to sell. He says, in his
testimony, that he did not tell the Secretary of
War what was passing in his own mind. He
declined becoming the agent of the Secretary, but
found Mr. Mather, who was here with the same
object in view. They very readily formed a com-
bination—Mr. Mather agreeing to let Dr. Graham
in—but it is a curious feature m this case, that
tins gentleman who intended to speculate, does not
seem to have advanced any money lor the specula-
tion. His talents are very manifest, for he gets a
ninth of the property without advancing a cent to-
wards the purchase,and besides,obtains for him-
self, with an astuteness that must be peculiar, a
salary of $5,0UU to manag? other people's business,
Mr. Mather was brought to the stand. " Mr.
Mather, how came you to know anything about
this fort Snelling property being for sale?" He
answers, u I do not know where I heard it; prob-
ably I sun' it in an act of the last Congress." Now,
sir, there is where the New York company started.
It was in the mousing of a New York speculator
among the acts of Congress, to see where a penny
might be turned. Seeing that a favorite reserva-
tion was to be sold, he came to Washington to
learn how he should set about the speculation, and
opportunely met Dr. Graham, with whom he com-
bined at once \ He had previously agreed in con-
versation with Mr. Sehell that something might
turn up under this law; and like Mictiwber,he earner
here to wait to see whether "something would
turn up." Having agreed with the Virginian,
(Graham,) he started him off to Minnesota to at-
tach Franklin Steele, a man of property who was
living on the land, and had some equity. Steele
is soon secured, and then Graham and Mather
return to Washington, and find Mr. Heiskell, the
agent, just ready to start out to Minnesota. They
determine to escort him. Heiskell may be a very
smart sheriff m his part of Virginia, yet why did
Governor Floyd send down to Virginia to pick
up this " old boy?" I answer myself the ques-
tion without any difficulty. Governor Floyu is a
Virginian too; Heiskell was his countryman, his
personal friend, and had been his political asso-
ciate; and the Governor felt like " doing some-
thing for him." The practice of the Governor's
school of politics did not forbid him from gratify-
ing his personal partiality in distributing his share
of public patronage. The sentiment belongs to
every-day life. The indulgence of it may convict
the Secretary of improvidence; but at the same
time it does honor to his heart.
I do not intend to strain myself for the purpose
of getting anything against a man who may have
acted, and, I verily believe, has acted, honestly
in this transaction. I am willing, so far as I am
concerned, to pass a resolution as broad as the
friends of Mr. Floyd may choose to make it, that
we have found nothing at all in this investigation;
to attach suspicion to his integrity as a public offi-
cer. But, nevertheless, I am not willing to carry
out the sale. I believe he has exceeded his pow-
ers—I have no doubt about it. You are to read
these two acts together.
The act of 1857 enacts that the provisions of
the act approved March 3,1819, shall be extended
to all military sites, and so forth. What are
those provisions?
" And the Secretary of War is hereby authouzed, on the
payment of the consideration agreed for into the Treasury
of'the United Stutes^ to make, execute, and deliver all need-
ful instalments, and so forth."
Now, sir, the point at which I strike this sale
is, that neither the Secretary of War, nor his
agents, had any right—even if the contingency
had happened on which he might sell—to sell the
property of this Government upon a credit. The
provision of the act of 1819 is in close analogy
with all our laws in regard to the sale of the real
estate of the Government, and they had no right
to make a sale upon time. Before they could ex-
ecute a contract with any purchaser, the consid-
eration was to be paid into the Treasury. But
here was a contract to sell this property for
$90,000, $30,000 to be paid down, and the bal-
ance at one and two years without interest, and
without security. Such a transaction has been
ratified, upon mature deliberation, by the Pres-
ident; but I have no hesitation in saying, here, in
my place, as a member of Congress, that it is in
violation of the law of 1819; that the agents of
the Government exceeded the authority vested in
the Secretary of War by that act; that the sale
ought not to be ratified and confirmed; and that a
patent ought not to issue upon that sale.
What bounds the discretion of this executive
officer, under this act, if he has the full libeity
claimed for him here to-day ? May he, upon his
mere executive responsibility, sell, for instance,
the million dollars' worth of public reservation in
the vicinity of St. Louis, upon terms of payment
extended through fifty years? And if he does that,
is there no power in this Government, while that
law remains upon the statute-book, to arrest him
in transitu, while his contract is yet executory ?
I think that our remedy is to be found in the lead-
ing of the law: that the limitation upon his dis-
cretion is, that the consideration must be paid
into the Treasury; and that, therefore, when his
agent undertakes to sell upon time, he is outside
of the law, and his act is void.
I am not disposed to discuss very minutely the
course of Mr. Mather and Mr. Sehell. A great
many of the witnesses think they have not ac-
quired any advantage. My own opinion, based
upon the testimony, is that they huve acquired
a very great advauttge— a piece of property
