1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
in the history of the world, as I believe, in which
such an enterprise has been attempted; that is,
an enterprise to run such a line of communication
through a region of country so vast as this, and
yet almost entirely without population. It will
require millions of treasure to build it. It will re-
quire the labors of thousands of men, I fear, for
many years. It is an enterprise whose gigantic
dimensions will task this young Hercules among
the nations of the earth to the full extent of his
abilities. The Hercules, however, I hope and be-
lieve, is equal to the task; but I believe that he is
nothing more than equal to it.
In the next place, air, if we could build more
than one road, I think we ought not to do it, as
a Government, for I think it is perfectly certain,
that even if one road should be built, it would
scarcely be a paying investment; that is, for the
money that would be expended, the Government
would scarcely realize, in the way of interest, a
suitable return; for, sir, we know that the best
railroads of the country, passing over the most
densely populated districts, connecting the largest
cities, the most populous cities, the cities most
important in commerceand manufactures, do not
pay adequately for their cost. The great national
importance of the proposed road as a medium of
communication between the Atlantic States and
the Pacific ocean, I consider to be vast enough,
however, in every respect in which it can be
viewed, to justify us in sinking, if you please,
the amount of money that will be necessary to
construct one track: but I think it will hardly jus-
tify the building of more than one—especially
when we consider the fact that all the great na-
tional ends of intercommunication between the
two seaboards, intercommunication that shall
•pan the continent, are reached by one road.
Then, sir, I maintain next, that if we build only
one road, that road ought to be a central one—
central in respect to the States, central in respect
to the population of the country, and central in
respect to the trade and travel and commerce to
be accommodated. It seems to me that the mere
.statement of that proposition, to any unbiased
mind, is enough to amount to a demonstration in
its favor. If central, it will, and no other one can,
produce the greatest amountof good to the great-
est number of the people of the country.
I think thataroad from the Pacific which shall
meet the valley of the Mississippi between the two
points limiteu in the bill, namely, the mouth of
the Big Sioux river on the north, and the mouth
of the Kansas river on the south, cannot be central
in the respects of which I have just now spoken.
The parallel oflatitude passing through the mouth
of the Big Sioux, will leave entirely south of the
line the States of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana,
Texas, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Mississippi, Alabama, Rhode Island,
Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Dela-
ware, Maryland,Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, and Florida—twenty-two in
all—having an aggregate area, in square miles, of
1,040,926, and a'population, according to the cen-
sus of 1850, of 16,752,662; while there will be,
entirely north of the line, only the States of Min-
nesota, Vermont, Maine, and New Hampshire—
four in number—having an area in square miles
of217,283, and a population in 1850, of 1,401,729.
This line will intersect the States of Iowa, Wis-
consin, Michigan, New York, and Massachu-
setts, having an area in square miles of 215,881,
and a population of 4,987,167. If that parallel of
latitude is traced eastwardly until it strikes the
Atlantic, it will pass through a part of Canada,
and a road on that line will be as near to Mon-
treal and Quebec, as it will be to even Boston or
New York. It would be, therefore, as central to
Montreal and Quebec, and all the Canadas, as it
would be to the cities I have named, and much
more central than it would be to Philadelphia and
Baltimore, and the other more southern cities on
the Atlantic sea-board.
If we take a parallel of latitude passing through
the mouth of the Kansas river, it would intersect
the States of Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, and New Jersey,
having an area of 279,474 square miles; and a
population, according to the census of 1850, of
7,088,041. It would leave entfrely north of it, the
States of Massachusetts, Iowa, Minnesota, Wis-
consin, Michigan, Maine, Pennsylvania, New
York, Oonnecticut, New Hampshire, Rhode Isl-
and, and Vermont, with an area of 485,144 square
miles, and a population, in 1850, of 9,219,019. It
would leave entirely south of it, the States ofNorth
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Ala-
bama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas, with an area of
709,472 square miles—about equal to the area of
the States entirely north, as well as of the States
intersected by it; and thus throwing most of the
territory of the States south of that line, that is to
say, such a line would be north of centrality, in
the sense in which I have defined the word, which
undoubtedly is its true sense as applicable to this
subject.
Now, sir, San Francisco, if"I rightly under-
stand its geographical locality, is in latitude about
37° 45' North. The mouth of the Kansas river
is between 39° and 40° of north latitude, and the
mouth of the Big Sioux about 42° 40'; so that in
order to reach San Francisco from the mouth of
the Kansas you would have to go South, if you
were able to go in a right line between the Mis-
sissippi valley and the Pacific ocearf, about two
degrees of latitude, and from the mouth of the Big
Sioux, if you were able to go in aright line, about
five degrees of latitude. But, sir, we know the
fact to be that there is no railroad line which can
traverse the country between San Francisco and
the other two points that are named, the mouths
of Big Sioux and the Kansas rivers, and yet go in
a right line; because the Sierra Nevada range of
mountains have no passes directly east of San
Francisco. They must ho passed either far north
of San Francisco, or a good many miles south of
it. Therefore, as the most practicable pass, in my
opinion, is south of San Francisco, in order to get
from the mouth of the Kansas nvereven, (to say
nothing of the Big Sioux,) you have not only to
make a southing of two degiees in the first in-
stance, and five degiees in the last, in order to
come down to the latitude of San Francisco, but
you would have to make a southing that would
bring you down to about the thirty-fifth parallel, so
that you would have a southing of seven degrees
in the one case, and of twelve degrees in the other.
TiTe distance on the route surveyed on or near the
thirty-fifth parallel by Lieutenant Whipple—the
Whipple route I will call it—from Fort Smith to
the crossing on the Colorado, is one thousand three
hundred and ninety-five miles, and fiorn the same
point to the east bank of the Rio Grande is one
thousand one hundred and thirty-five miles, mak-
ing adistance of only two hundred and sixty miles
between the Rio Grande and the Itio Colorado.
If, therefore, you start at the mouth of the Kan-
sas, you have, in order to get on the thirty-fifth
parallel, to make a southing of three hundred and
fifty miles, being ninety miles more than the en-
tire distance between the Rio Grande and the Col-
orado, and from the mou .h of the Big Sioux a
southing of seven and a half degrees, equal to five
hundred and twenty miles—just twice as great
exactly as the difference between these two rivers
on the Whipple route.
Then itis perfectly self-evident, it seems to me.
that in order to run a route that shall be central
to the States, central to the population, and cen-
tral to the business, the trade, and commerce of
the country, you must start at a point even south
of the mouth of the Kansas river. It appear# to
be generally conceded that for the western termi-
nus of the road, San Francisco is the proper point.
Taking San Francisco as the point of termination
on the Pacific coast, then, 1 think, as did the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Seaward] yesterday,
that if we were at liberty to make such a selection
as we would make if there were no extraneous
or foreign controlling influences, we should take
a point on the Mississippi, or in the valley of
the Mississippi, that should be about on the same
latitude as San Francisco; and this would require
us to go still further south than the mouth of the
Kansas. But, sir, as I have already hinted, I
now affirm, that, in my judgment, the best route,
(and that seems to be the opinion of most other
Senators who have expressed themselves on this
subject,) the most practicable and most easy route,
the best in point of climate and agricultural re-
sources, is the route over or near the thirty-fifth
parallel. If that is the best route, we ought to
take it; and if we ought to take it, it seems to me
an act of folly, almost, to commence at a point
three hundred and fifty miles at the shortest, if
you take the mouth of the Kansas, and five hun-
dred and twenty if you take the mouth of the Big
Sioux, north of what is to be the line you must
travel when you traverse the vast distance and al-
most entire distance between the two termini of
the road.
I am convinced, Mr. President, that the route
on the thirty-fifth parallel is the best route—first;
because it is the most direct. The route on or near
the thirty-fifth parallel never ascends north as far
as the thirty-sixth parallel until you have crossed
the Sierra Nevada range of mountains; and it
never bends south as far as the thirty-fourth par-
allel. More than that, sir, it traverses the valley
of the Canadian up to almost its source, a dis-
tance of about seven hundred and forty-five miles
from Fort Smith. It then passes over the dividing
ridge between the Canadian and the Pecos, at An-
ton-Chico, at a distance of about one hundred
miles, and strikes the valley of the Pvio Grande.
It then goes on in almost a direct line to the Col-
orado, a distance of only two hundred and sixty
miles, as I have already stated. It crosses the
dividing ridges between the Canadian and the Pe-
cos, and the latter river and the Canadian, and
passes between the Rio Grande and the Rio Col-
erado over a country that is abundantly supplied
with grasses, and with wood, and with water.
The line is almost a straight parallel between Fort
Smith and the crossing of the Colorado river.
In another respect this line has great advant-
ages. In traversing the entire distance from Fort
Smith up the Canadian it goes on the valley of a
river, it therefore is very nearly a level. The
worst of the route in respect to grades is betwixt
the Pecos and the Rio Grande, and then betwixt
the Rio Grande and Colorado; but in all that dis-
tance there is no grade as heavy as now exists on
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and there is no
tunneling to be done on any part of the line. On
thu entire line there is not a grade of more than
one hundred feet, except for six miles. The aver-
age grade of the entire line is only thirty-three
and one third feet to the mile, and for about one
thousand miles of the course the grade is not more
than twenty feet to the mile.
Mr. MASON. What line is that you are now
speaking of?
Mr. POLK. This is the route that was sur-
veyed by Lieutenant Whipple.
Judging'from the letters which I have seen,
published by Lieutenant Beale, who traversed the
distance betwixt the Colorado and the Rio Grande
on pretty nearly the thirty-fifth parallel, but not
entirely on the same route surveyed by Lieuten-
ant Whipple, I should suppose the grades are
much lighter. We all recollect what was said in
his first letter—that he passed over that road with-
out being compelled to double the teams in his
wagons more than once or twice; and he further
stated, if I recollect rightly, that in making the
ascent to and the descent down from the highest
point in the route, it was approached with a de-
gree of gentleness of slope that almost deprived
it of the characteristics of a hill.
Besides, I think this route has great advantages
in another important respect—in point of the salu-
briousness of its climate. We have the testimony
of Lieu tenant Whipple on this subject. We know
the further fact, that he passed over this route so
as to be on the eastern portion during'the hottest
portion of the summer, andMo be on the more
westerly portion of it during the winter season;
and he says, at the highest point of elevation,
according to his measurement, which was seven
thousand nine hundred and forty-six feet, about
the 18th of November, the maximum at which his
thermometer stood was fifty-two degrees, the min-
imum was twenty-nine and eight tenths degrees,
and the mean was forty-six degrees. Between the
27th and bist of December, he was at the next
highest point of elevation, seven thousand four
hund red and fifty feet, and then his highest temper-
ature was seventy-one degrees, his lowest twenty-
three and five tenths, and his mean forty-seven
degrees. Now, if you take St. Louis, at an altitude
of four hundred and fifty feet, between the 21st
and 23d of December you have amaximum of fifty-
seven degrees, a minimum of ten, and a mean of
forty-six. If we take the same city on the 18th of
November, the date I first mentioned, we have a
maximum of seventy-two degrees, a minimum
of twenty-seven degrees, and a mean of forty-six
and ninety-five one hundredths, I am one of
those who think there can be no mdfe favorable
