514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February I,
tleman whether he is not aware of tha-fact that a
portion of the second volume of Emory's report
is already printed ?
Mr. SINGLETON. But a very small part of
the manuscript has been put into the hands of the
Public Printer—a very small part of it; and done,
doubtless, with the view on the part of the printer
to get the work under way, in order that an ap-
propriation might be made for the payment of the
whole ten thousand volumes.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is mistaken,
for the whole manuscript has been furnished to
the Secretary of the Interior, and would have
been printed but for his interference.
Mr. SINGLETON. I (juote from the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, who was called
before the committee. Now, sir, the whole nar-
rative of the whole of that work that is worth one
single copper, is contained in the first volume.
The second volume consists of sets of diagrams,
of stars and lines, worth nothing to you or your
constituents. If this Professor Emory believes
that we can dispense with nine thousand copies
of that second volume, I ask gentlemen, if they
propose to retrench any way in this matter of
printing, to m.ike a beginning here, and by this
one item of retrenchment, save $54,000 to the
Government. Sir,gentlemen have made an esti-
mate of the amount to be paid for this second vol-
ume, and are now pressing it upon the commit-
tee, though the Professor, who got up the work,
declares that one thousand instead of ten thou-
sand copies are sufficient. Let me say to gentle-
men that the Senate only ordered four thousand
copies—one half the amount we took. They con-
sidered that it was not necessary to have as many
of the second volume as of the first. "We there-
fore can commence at this point to curtail the pub-
lic printing. As has been stated, the chairman
of the Committee on Public Printing has a resolu-
tion in his hand which he proposes to offer in the
House, recommending that the resolution of last
Congress be rescinded; and that only one half of
the number then ordered to be printed shall be
printed. I ask, where is the necessity of printing
the whole ten thousand copies?
Besides, there is a map accompanying the sec-
ond volume. That map is to be detached from
the volume and printed by itself. That map will
answer no purpose but to put upon the walls of
your backwood cabins, as a background for a
looking-glass. You have seen them, or maps like
them, scattered through your district, and you
know they are thrown in the top of cupboards or
thrown away in a corner with the dust and rub-
bish, never useful for any purpose.
Mr. "WARREN. While I am opposed to the
amendment offered by my friend from Missis-
sippi, I am not induced to that opposition by rea-
son of the matters alleged by the gentleman from
Tennessee, or by my friend from Kentucky.
While theytalk about the rats,and the mice, and
woodcocks which appear in the agricultural re-
ports ordered to be printed by this House, and
allege that as a reason for opposing the appro-
priation proposed, I say I must dissent from them
m that behalf. I think it material to the interests
of this country that those pictures should have
been put in that particular report, for the reason
that the people of the South and the people of the
North desire to know each other, and to know
all about what pertains to each other. We in the
South want to see whether we have the same kind
of rats, and mice, and squirrels that you have in
the North. [Laughter.]
But I have a different reason for opposing it.
I want to see this engraving go into these agri-
cultural reports, and while 1 am opposed to this
particular matter under consideration, I will say
that I am prepared to vote for the printing of any
amount of agricultural and mechanical reports of
the Patent Office, that any gentleman upon this
floor may propose, for the very reason that works
of that sort interest every portion of the country,
North, South, East, West. But, sir, while I say
that I am in favor of printing a larger number of
reports of that character than has ever been or-
dered by the American Congress, I stand here
prepared to oppose the publication of these reports
and other works heretofore ordered in large quan-
tities.
Gentlemen talk, sir, about this Emory's report.
That is a matter which, in my section ofthe coun-
try, we know nothing about and care nothing i
about. Whilst I represent a constituency that
would be in favor of footing any bill for expenses
already incurred for works ordered to be printed,
and that have really been executed, I stand here
prepared to vote against any bill incurring further
liabilitiesfor worksofthis character. -And why?
Because no large portion of the people of this coun-
try are interested in such works. But a small por-
tion of the people of this country can by any pos-
sibility be interested in works of that character.
I do not refer to Major Emory's report only. I
allude to nine out of ten of the works which have
been ordered by the American Congress for the
last few Congresses, and I say they are upon mat-
ters in which the people of the country feel no
interest at all.
Sir, while we are assailing the Public Printer,
and talking about the enormous expenditures in
consequence of public printing, we had better
bring the matter home to ourselves, and look at
the source from which this extravagance springs.
It has emanated from the American Congress,
and has resulted from the orderingofinnumerable
quantities of works that the people could not un-
derstand if you were to submit them to them; and
if they could understand them, would not care a
doit about. That has brought about this extrav-
agance in the public printing.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Arkansas a question.
Mr. WAR HEN. I cannot refuse my friend
from Pennsylvania anything.
-Mr. FLORENCE. I was aware of that, and
hence I asked the gentleman to yield to me. I
desire to ask if the gentleman excepts the Pacific
railroad survey >
Mr. WARREN. I take this occasion to say
that I am decidedly and unqualifiedly opposed to
those Pacific railroad surveys; and why? Be-
cause there is so much surplus matter embodied
in the reports that the people never can get at the
gist of the thing. If you will confine the reports-
to the surveys made by the engineers appointed
for that purpose, then, I say, disseminate that
knowledge among the people. But what do you
find in these reports ? Descriptions of the buf-
faloes, the mountains, and the country generally.
If they would tell us exaclly where the road
ought to be laid, and that it should pass directly
through the center of Aikansas, as the Pacific
railroad route ought to do, I would go in for
publishing thousands and thousands of reports.
[Laughter 3 But they do not do that, sir.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SINGLETON. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, my object being accom-
plished.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. My impres-
sion is that there has been sufficient debate upon
this question, and I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of moving a suspension of the
rules to enable me to offer a resolution to term-
inate all debate m Committee of the Whole upon
this question.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his motion, and let us see if
we cannot dispose of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will with-
draw it for a few moments.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Piovided, Thar no part of the appropriations contemplated
liy tin's act shall bo paid, unless the same lie received and
accepted by those olaiimngto be entitled thereto m lull con-
sideration for any and every book now punted, or to be
printed; lor all paper now purchased, oi 10 be pure linked :
for all engraving, finished or unfinished ; lithographing, fin-
ished or unfinished ; or any other woik (lone, or to he done,
ordered during the Tlnity Third anil Tinny-Fourth Con-
gresses, upon the condition onlv so lar as may be withm the
legal operation of some contract heretofore" enteied into,
winch shall he deteniniied by the Secretaiy ofthe Treasury.
Believing, sir, as I do, from the feeling mani-
fested by the committee, that the bill reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means will pass
the House ultimately, the object of my amend-
ment is to prevent any settlement being made with
the money now appropriated, unless the money
shall be accepted in full consideration for every-
thing contemplated by this bill.
Now, sir, we are told that the bill passed to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
Thirty-Third Congress did not cover the entire
amount necessary, and here in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress we are called upon to provide for a de-
ficiency which arose in the Thirty-Third Con-
gress. If this seven hundred and ninety odd thou-
sand dollars has to be paid to the employes of the
Government, let it be paid and let there be an end
to it. My amendment proposes to settle now and
forever for books, paper, engraving, and every-
thing else for which these parties claim from the
Government by reason of contracts. I go further,
sir. I do not believe that the Governmentis bound
by these contracts, and I providethat the question
shall bo settled at the Treasury Department, and
only where the work has been executed under
contracts binding on the Government, is the mo-
ney to be paid out of these^appropriations.
Now, sir, I ask for a vote on that amendment.
I offer it in good faith. I think it is a sound amend-
ment. It will protect the Treasury, and I hope
the committee will sustain it. I have nothing
more to say
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
that part of the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia which seems to acknowledge the princi-
ple that the mere ordering of a book or anything
else by Congress is a contract with the Public
Printer.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman is mistaken.
My amendment recognizes no such principle.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not interrupt me. I have got but five minutes,
and I speak slowly.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, the gentleman is so
often out of order himself that he might tolerate
a little interruption from me. [A laugh.] My
amendment provides that the question of contract
shall be settled at the Treasury Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. This question has been ar-
gued as one of contract. The gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] who has the manage-
ment of this bill, states that if a contract of this
kind existed between himself and another indi-
vidual, it could be enforced against him in a court
of justice. Now what is the relation that the
Public Printer sustains to the House of Repre-
sentatives? He is an officer of this House, just
as the Speaker is an officer of the House, and the
Clerk and Doorkeeper are officers of the House.
If the House shall order the printing of any
amount of matter—I care not whether it be a vol-
ume or a set of volumes—the House has a right
to rescind that order at any time, and pay for the
work that has been done. If the House has or-
dered a multitude of volumes to be printed, it is
competent for the House to change or rescind that
Ol der, paying the Public Printer, according to the
rates established by law, for the work he has done.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as at present advised, I
intend to vote against this bill, and I will tell you
why. I am going to vote against it because I have
honestly, but in vain, sought information upon
the poims presented in connection with it. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] gives us
one set of facts. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Nichols,] who is a member of the Committee on
Printing, and who says he is familiar with the
subject, tells us that quite a different set of facts
exists. And then my friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Singleton] conies up and makes another
statement of facts, in which I have confidence.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] tells us
that there is not so much work unfinished as other
gentleman suppose; that this volume is com-
menced, and that that volume has been ordered,
and that such and such plates and illustrations
have been contracted for, and here we are, after
a week's struggle to obtain information, in the
middle of this discussion without reliable inform-
ation from any source.
Mr. PHELPS. I have had read a letter from
the Secretary ofthe Interior to show it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know you did; and what
does my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Singleton]
say this morning? He cites the report of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, which gives a
precisely different state of facts from the one the
gentleman [Mr. Phelps] gave.
Mr. SINGLETON. I cited that recommend-
ation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Exactly. I understood the
gentleman from Mississippi to say that the Com-
mittee on Printing 
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Alabama is not confining his re-
marks to my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to that part
of the gentleman's amendment which refers to
