562
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 2,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Laws of the United, States.
To pay to the reporters of the Senate the usual
extra compensation for the third session of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, eight hundred dollars
each, three thousand two hundred dollars.
To pay to the reporters of the Senate the usual
extra compensation for the first session of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, eight hundred dollars
each, three thousand two hundred dollars.
To pay to the reporters of the Senate the usual
extra compensation for the second session of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, eight hundred dollars
each, three thousand two hundred dollars.
For one hundred copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and for binding the same,
for the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
fress, for the use of the Library of the House of
Representatives, four hundred and forty dollars.
For the compensation of the draughtsman and
clerks employed upon the land maps, clerks to
committees, and temporary clerks in the office of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, sev-
enteen thousand and eight hundred dollars.
For two mail boys, at nine hundred dollars
each, and the messenger in charge of the south
extension, three thousand three hundred dollars.
For furnishing the committee rooms, retiring
rooms, and offices in the south wing of the Cap-
itol extension with gas-fixtures, chandeliers, iron
s, and other furniture, forty thousand dollars.
j three Assist-
nine thousand
Library qf Congress
For compensation of Librarian
ant Librarians, and messenger
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, one
thousand dollars.
For coal, and fireman for furnaces to warm the
Library, six hundred dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
Botanic Garden.
For procuring manure, tools, fuel, repairs,
purchasing trees and shrubs for Botanic Garden,
to be expended under the direction of the Library
Committee of Congress, twenty-three hundred
dollars. .
For pay of horticulturist and assistants m the
Botanic Garden and green houses, to be expend-
ed under the direction of the Library Committee
of Congress, five thousand one hundred and
twenty-one dollars and fifty cents. -
For reglazing and repairing damages to the
greert-houses by the hail storm of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand and forty
four dollars and sixteen cents.
Public Printing.
For compensation of the Superintendent of
Public Priming, and the clerks and messenger in
his office, eleven thousand five hundred and four-
teen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz: For
blank books, stationery, postage, advertising for
proposals for paper, furniture, traveling expenses,
cartage and labor m storing and transportation
of paper, and miscellaneous items, two thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For rent of wareroom, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For paper required for the printing of the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For printing required for the second session of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, seventy thousand
dollars.
' Court of Claims.
For salaries of three judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy
solicitor, clerk and assistant clerk, and messen-
ger thereof, twenty-seven thousand three hundred
dollars.
For stationery, fuel, gas or other lights, print-
ing, labor, and miscellaneous items for the Court
of Claims, four thousand dollars.
For commissioners' fees for taking testimony
in behalf of the Government, fees of witnesses
and of agents or attorneys to be appointed by the
solicitor to attend to the taking of depositions,
five thousand dollars.
Executive.
For compensation of the President of the United
States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation to secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to the private secretary,
steward, and messenger of the President of the
United States, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor, three hundred and
fifty dollars.
Department of State.
For compensation of the Secretary of State
and Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messen-
ger, assistant messenger, and laborers in his office,
fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For proof-reading, packing, and distributing
laws and documents, including cases and trans-
portation, and miscellaneous expenses, five thou-
sand dollars.
For stationery, blank books, binding, furniture,
fixtures, repairs, painting and glazing, six thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For newspapers, six hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase fifty
copies, each, of volumes twenty-two and twenty-
three of Howard's Reports of the Decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States, five
hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to carry into
effect the act entitled " An act for the admission 1
of the State of Kansas into the Union," ten thou- |
sand dollars. j
Northeast Executive Building. 1
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the northeast executive building, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, four thousand three hundred dollars
Treasury Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borers in his office, forty-eight thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
Foi-'compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborers m his office,
twenty-eight thousand three hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his of-
fice,'twenty-six thousand eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-five thousand nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-five thousand five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the Third Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborers m his office, one hundred and thirty-two
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger
in his office, twenty-seven thousand seven hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office, sev-
enteen thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department; and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borers in his office, one hundred and seventy-two
thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in his office, twenty-five
thousand seven hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Registerof theTreas-
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
seventeen thousand one hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
Customs, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer
in his office, twenty thousand four hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,
and laborer of the Light-House Board, nine thou-
sand two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, blank-books, stationery, binding,
sealing ships'registers,"translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire for pre-
paring and collecting information to be laid before
Congress—said clerks to be employed only during
the session of Congress or when indispensably ne-
cessary to enable the Department to answer some
call made by either House of Congress at one
session to be answered at another; and no such
extra clerk shall receive more than three dollars
and thirty-three and one third cents per day for
the time actually and necessarily employed—and
for miscellaneous items, thirteen thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, blank-books, binding, stationery,
public documents, State and territorial statutes,
and miscellaneous items, and the Union and Na-
tional Intelligencer newspapers, two thousand
two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, pay for
the National Intelligencer and Union, to be filed
and preserved for the use of the office, office fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, one thousand
L five hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, cases for records and official papers,
and miscellaneous items, including subscription
for the Union and National Intelligencer, to be
filed for the use of the office, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, and miscellanous items, including two
of the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office fur-
niture, carpeting, two newspapers, the Union and
Intelligencer, preserving files and papers, bounty-
land service, miscellaneous items and arrearages,
three thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For stationery, books, binding, labor, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand one hundred dol-
lars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank-books, binding,stationery, office fur-
niture, carpeting, and miscellaneous expenses, in
which are included two daily newspapers, one
thousand dollars.
S In the office of the Auditor of the Treasury
| for the Post Office Department:
l For stationery, blank-books, binding, ruling,
[ miscellaneous items, for file-boards, repans,
cases and desks for safe-keeping of papers, fur-
niture, lights, washing towels, ice, horse for mes-
senger, telegraphic dispatches, and stoves, twelve
thousand five hundred and fifty dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For ruling and full-binding books for recording
collectors' quarterly abstracts of commerce and
navgiation, and blank abstracts for their use,
blank-books, binding, and stationery, arranging
and binding canceled marine papers, and records,
and miscellaneous items, including office furni-
r yi ^/uui vj x v t "iv -  •         . . — . i * fi
ury, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-' ture and carpeting, copper-plate printed certin-
ger, and laborers in his office, fifty thousand three i j cates of registers of vessels, and crew lists, ten
hundred and forty dollars. " thousand dollars:
