THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 165.
approved of it, committed a grave official fault.
Well, sir, if the evidence in this book will sus-
tain any such conclusion as that, this committee
was derelict in duty in not going further than
simply reporting this resolution. If it is true
that the Secretary of War has committed a grave
official fault which is within the cognizance of
this House, and if this committee has arrived at
a knowledge of that fact from an investigation of
the case, why did they not report a remedy for
that fault? That remedy should be either a law
in which the other branch of the Legislature could
participate; an act rescinding the contract; or it
should be a resolution of instructions proposing
to put this contract in suit before the courts of
the country through the proper representatives
of the Federal Goverment—her district attorney
or those otherwise authorized to represent her.
But it was a grave official fault! Sir, I recog-
nize the right of this House, as a House, to ori-
ginate specific charges against a member of the
Cabinet and to impeach him. But I protest that
this House has no right to record its condemna-
tion of the official conduct of any member of the
Cabinet in a form which he cannot put in issue
and have subjected to a trial by his peers. 1
The third, fourth, and fifth resolutions are as -
follows:
<4 3. That, with a knowledge of the great value of the Fort i
Sneihng po-t and reservation, and the importance oi jjreat j
caution and judgment 111 making the s«ale, the t etai v ol
War appointed as agents lor the purpose iniqimhfu-d, inex-
perienced, and incompetent
u 4. That proviMon foi and management of the were,
bo negligently, cateie.-:dy, and injudiciously i.iade, as to in-
duce a suece^tul combination against the Government,
exclude all competition, and bnn<{ lo^ on the Government.
'•5. That John C. Mather, a eiu of the Department ol
War lor the examination and sale of the FoitRiplej res
ervation, aitei having alieady joined a combination for the
purchase of the Foit Snelhngreseivation, acted, in making
such purchase, in violation of his official duty, and against
the known policy of the Government, and that, as to him
and Riolmid Schell. icpiesented by him as agent, and Stucle
and Gi.tiiam, who weie complicated in the >ate with him,
with a fail knowledge of tin* oil'ieial chauietei, the -.;!<• ol
the Foit Swelling ie&ei vauon was at the luno and i> now
void."
These resolutions, I suppose, if passed, will
satisfy the sense of public duty of this committee
or those who oriiiitialed thi^ investigation. But
what, u ill they amount to when they are passed ?
Will they S''t aside the sale ^ Will they reinstate
the Umtud States m any right of which they have
been defiaudi-d in this transaction J Notatall. It
will leave the matter precisely where it stood be-
fore; hut (lie information to the public will have
cost this Government $20,000.
I respectfully submit that this committee are
not in earnest about this matter; I i-pspectfuliy
submit that no committee composed of members
of this House, acting under the solemn obliga-
tions of an oath, could have arrived at any such
conclusions as those expressed in these resolu-
tions without proposing some practical measure
which would have furnished a remedy against the
injuries which the public had sustained in this
matter. It cannot bo possible that a majority of
this conimiitee could believe all these things to be
true, and yet content themselves with a simple
expression of opinion upon the subject. No, sir;
if they were in earnest about this matter they cer-
tainly would have reported abill to irpeal the law,
to rescind the sale, or at least they would have
reported a resolution instructing the district at-
torney to put this matter m suit in the proper
court, Where the question of fraud between the
Government and the purchasers of this land,
could be tried.
Why, sir, the committee leave room for us to
regard this whole matter as a stupendous joke!
and I can only account for it from the fact that 1
have seen in the metropolitan organ of the Repub-
lican party, in my State, a statement in connec-
tion with this matter, that my colleague [Mr.
Pasttit] ought to bo reelected to this House.^ I
can understand the tiling very well in that view
of the subject. Hut really, as a gra\e legislative
procedure, calculated to rebukeand punish a high
functionary, or to restore to the Government us
rights, of which it may have been deprived by
165
fraud and misconduct, the resolutions are cer-
tainly a most lame and impotent recommendation
to be presented to this House. Taking this mat-
ter, then, as the committee have presented it, I
respectfully submit, that whatever may have been
the facts in regard to this transaction, these res-
olutions ought not to pass this House-
But, sir, the House has been repeatedly told,
by almost every gentleman who has advocated
the passage of the resolutions, that the Secretary
of War is untouched by the evidence in this book.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] ab-
solves him. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] absolves him. No mem bet 1ms amen
on this floor, and undertaken to say, from the
testimony in this book, that the Secretary's in-
tegrity is touched by the evidence. But the gen-
tleman from Kentucky says, ho was very improv-
ident. Well, sir, I have no doubt that there can
be fifty thousand men found within the limits of
this Republic who would say, every day, " if I
were the Secretary of State I would, in a particu-
lar matter, have acted in a diiferent manner. I
would have acted differently fromSecretary Floyd j
if I had been Secretary of War. If 1 wns Secie-
tary of the Interior I would have acted diffet-
ently from Secretary Thompson. If I weie Post-
master General I would have acted differently
from Governor Brown." These differences of
opinion are but the every-day occurrences of life.
But, sir, arc these dnft-umces of opinion by men
not familiar with the official course and views of
those occupying these high positions, and not
informed as to the details of business on which
they paws judgment, sufficient ound to induce a
branch of the national Legislature to institute a
solemn investigation, and to expend $20,000 of
the public money, all to result in " a few mouth-
fnls of articulate air,"'expressed in inoperative
resolutions ? If you adopt these resolutions they
will rescind no contract, repeal no law, rectify no
fraud, reinstate the Government m none of its
rights, and punish no deception. Sir, it occurs to
me that since select committees are the order of
the day, we have quite as much foundation for
raisin® a select committee on the majority of this
committee, as the House had for raising a select
committee on the sale of the Fort Snolhng reser-
vation.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] took
a good deal of credit to himself for beim: especi-
ally impartial,and for being above paitisan feel-
ing and partisan influence. He alluded to the fact
that in the last Congress he had voted to expel
members of his own party, tie omitted to state
that uuiiDi; this Congress he had grav<- doubts as
to the jurisdiction of the House over one of the
same party implicated in the investigation of the
last Congress, while ins mind was perfectly clear
as to the propriety of sending ft man to jnil under
the previous question for refusing to testify m a
matter over which, on the face of thr  iccoid, m
my opinion, the II u*e had no jurisdiction.
lie alluded also to the tnnfi investigation, to
show that he was above any partisan bias. Inow,
I should not hrvve thought of airaignmg the course
of the gentleman on that question, but he has
challenged attention to it. i find, in reading the
newspapois of the day, divers matters purporting
to be the report and official action of a committee
of this House. It has not yet, I believe, been |
published by the authority of the House. I do !
not know whether I can altogethei impute to the j
gentleman a partisan bias or not. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J would
aid me in solving that question. But I do not
know that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Svan-
roN] can claim any special cridit befote the
House, m being a sympathizer with the present
Governor of Massachusetts, or in manifesting ex-
traordinary zeal in tracing home certain acts of
delinquency to the partner of Governor Ga'vner,
who was the recent competitor of the present Gov-
ernorofMassaehusetts for the office he now holds.
But the gentleman challenged inquiry as to his
course, and I think it no more tlum proper to m-
. dulge him in that respect.
I have no desire, Mr. Speaker, to pursue this
matter further. All I proposed to do was to call
the attention of the House to the plain, practical
question in the resolutions submitted for itsaction;
and I say this to the House now, that if half were
true which the advocates of these resolutions
maintain is proven by the testimony contained in
this volume, then something more than these res-
olutions ought to be adopted by this House. I
conceive that if it were true, those who have of-
fered these resolutions ought to have offered some-
thing more. I do not think they ought to have
stopped short of the extremest measures that jus-
tice and a pioper regaid for public morals require.
I take it that all this investigation, all this testi-
mony, all these newspaper paragraphs, all these
speeches on this floor, resulting in a few unmean-
ing, ineffectual, impotent resolutions, are conclu-
sive evidence that the whole of this matter is just
a proceeding of that character described by the
gentleman from Connecticut.
Do you behove, Mr. Speaker, that if the Sec-
retary of War had been inculpated by the testi-
monyjicre, the gentlemen on the other side of
♦he JIousc would have wanted to postpone the
consideration of the matter until the next session
of Congress? Do you believe, sir, that they
would nor have been prepared to remain in ses-
sion a month or six weeks longer, to bring to
justice a high public functionary, who stood con-
; victed of malfeasance in office ? You do not be-
. lieve it. i do not behove it. I apprehend very
: few members of this House believe it; and I con-
| ceive the country does not believe it. And when
all the newspaper publications, all the manifestoes
we have had upon this floor about the FortSnell-
ing investigation, and all the testimony, have
resulted in the presentation of these resolutions
for the action of the House, which, as legislative
i propositions, are absolutely harmless and void,
how does it happen that all those gentlemen who
•jympathize with this movement were m favor of
i leaving it an open question until the next session
, ofCongress? Why, sir, if it had been postponed
! until niter the coming election, it might have an-
| swered as a hobby for some gentlemen to ride who
i are hard pressed, and whose constituents are tired
of " freedom shrieking" and talk about Kansas,
and when Congress reassembled the whole pro-
ceeding would have been permitted to die out as
1 calmly and mildly as anything ever was hushed
i up m the world. But when they are brought up
1 to the question, as they have been by the vote of
the House, respect for appearances requiies that
- ti few speeches should be made, and a little zeal
> manifested; but the empty seats on the other sido
of the House show how much interest they feel
; in the subject, and how much confidence they have
! in thi*ir cause.
i Mr. M ARSIIALL, of Kentucky. Why, there
i are as many empty scats on your side of the
! House ns on the other.
i Mr. HUGHL'^. You are mistaken. Now, I
! maintain that this House is not invested with any
judicial functions in reference to this Fort Snell-
| m^ sale. I maintain that the Congress of the
i United States is to blame, if any one is to blame,
, for having ordered this sale, ifhey invested the
1 Secretary of War with full power to make the
sale; and if he has made a bad bargain it matters
i not, provided he hasactcd honestly. 3 do notad-
I mit that he has made a bad bargain. I have heard
< it insinuated more than once that the very pur-
| chasers of this tract of land, in consequence of the
hard times, are urging forward this proceeding,
in the hope that Congress will set aside the sale,
release them from their bargain, and give them
back their $90,000. I do not know whether that
j is true or not; hut. he that as it may, the Secie-
i tary of War was invested with this discretion by
i act of Collin ess, ana has exercised it honestly,
1 as is admitted; and there is no case, not for this
i House—for the House has nothing to do with it
; but for any court having proper jurisdiction of
i the subject to dual With.
j The idea advanced here to-night, that inade-
f cjudcy of price is a sufficient ground for setting
