1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
568
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong...1st Sess.
In the office of the Solicitor:
For blank-books, binding, labor, and miscella-
neous items, and for statutes and reports, two
thousand two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Light-House Board:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, miscel-
laneous expenses, and postage, seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
jFor the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building.
For compensation of eight watchmen and nine
laborers of the southeast executive building, ten
thousand two hundred dollars.
Forcontingent expenses of s*id buildina:, viz:
Fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers for the south extension of the southeast
executive building; three thousand six hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, fuel,
and miscellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
Department of the Interior.
For compensation of the Secretary of the In-
terior, and the clerks, messengers, assistant mcs- !
sengers, watchmen, and laborers in his office,
thirty-six thousand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, packers, watchmen, and
laborers in his office, one hundred and seventy-
two thousandsixhundred and ninety dollars; and
the authority conferred upon the principal clerk
of public lands, of Acting Commissioner ad inte-
rim, in the absence, and so forth, of the Com-
missioner, by the second section of the act reor-
ganizing the General Land Office, approved the
fourth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
shall be, and the same hereby is, transferred to
the chief clerk of said General Land Office.
For additional clerks in (he General Land Of-
fice, under the act of third March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty
lands, and for laborers employed therein, fifty-
eight thousand four hundred dollars: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Interior, at his discre-
tion, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to use j
any portion of said appropriation for piece work, j
or by the day, week, month, or year, at such rate ;
or rates as he may deem just and fair. ,
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, watchmen, and laborer, in his office,
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of theCommissionerof Pen-
sions, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborers in his office, one hundred and
nine thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, and the clerk in his office, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, lights,
and other contingencies, and for books and maps
for the library, seven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For expense of packing and distributing the
congressional journals and documents, in pur-
suance of the provisions contained in the joint
resolution of Congress approved twenty-eighth
January, eighteen hundred and fifty seven, six
thousand dollars.
For the preservation of the collections of the
exploring and surveying expeditions of the Gov-
ernment, four thousand dollars.
For the transfer to, and new arrangement of
those collections in, the Smithsonian Institution,
one thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
the superintendent of the building occupied by
said Secretary and his Department, from the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
to the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, the allowance to be made to such su-
perintendent, with his salary as clerk, not to ex-
ceed two thousand dollars per annum, the sum of
seven hundred dollars.
General Land Office:
For cash system and military patents, under
laws prior to twenty-eighth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty; patent and other records; tract
books and blank-books for this and the district
land offices; binding plats and field notes; sta-
tionery, furniture, and repairs of same, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two of the daily city
newspapers, to bo filed, bound, and preserved for
the use of the office, thirty-three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, in addition, under
swamp land act of twenty-eighth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty, military bounty acts
of twenty-eighth September, eighteen hundred
andfifty, and twenty-second March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, and act thirty-first August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the satisfaction
of Virginia land warrants, twenty-six thousand
one hundred dollars.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attend-
ing the same, including pay of furnace keepers,
four thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of third
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five,
granting bounty lands, and amendatory act of
fourteenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
to wit: For patents, patent and other records,
stationery, and miscellaneous items on account of
bounty lands under said acts, thirteen thousand
dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel, and
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Pension Office:
For Mationery, binding books, furniture, and
repairing the same, and miscellaneous items, in-
cluding two of the daily city newspapers, to be
filed, bound, and preserved for the use of the office,
and for books for the library, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Forcontingentexpenses m the said office under
the bounty land act of third March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five:
For engraving and retouching plates for bounty
land wairants, printing and binding the same,
stationery, blank-books for register's office, fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand
dollars: Provided, however, That the Secretary of
the Interior, at his discretion, shall be authonzed
to use any portion of said appropriation for clun-
eal services by the day, week, mouth, or year, at
such rates as he may deem just and fair.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, and the clerks in his office,
five thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Louisiana, and the clerks in his office, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Florida, and the clerks in his office, live thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Arkansas, and the clerks in his office, eight thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California and the clerks in his office, fifteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory and the clerks in his office,
seven thousand dollais.
For office rentfor the surveyor general of Wash-
ington Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
otTier incidental expenses, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
New Mexico, and the clerks in his office, se-ven
thousand dollars.
For compensation of translators in theoffiee'of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, two thou-
sand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor genera! 6f
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eight thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of clerks in the offices of the
surveyors general, to be apportioned to them ac-
cording to the exigencies of the public service,
and to be employed in transcribing field notes of
surveys, for the purpose of preserving them at
the seat of Government, forty-one thousand dol-
lars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, five hundred dollars.
War Department.
Forcompensation of the Secretary of War, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, twenty-two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Adjutant Gencial, thirteen thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the (Quartermaster General, sixteen
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Paymaster General, twelve
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
Forcompensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of the Commissary General,
ten thousand and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, five thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
Forcompensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of Topographical Engineers,
ten thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, eight thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of (he Colonel of Ordnance, twelve
thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Hfcrrtary of War:
Foi bL\nk-books,stutioni'ry,books, maps,extra
clerk hire,ami miscellaneous items, five thousand
fi^e hundred dollars:.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Officc of the Quartermaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, bindmg, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two daily Washington
papers, nine hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, four hundred dollars.
Office of Colonel of Ordnance;
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, nine hundred and fifty dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical En-
gineers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For the General Purposes of the JVorthwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the northwest executive building, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items, four
thousand dollars.
