1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
prise, but it has induced others to embark in it;
it has induced them to embark in it on expecta-
tions which have not been realized; the contract-
ors are ruined; there is a mass of debt unpaid; the
work remains unfinished." Every effort will be
made, and successful efforts will be made, after
the Government begins it, to make the Govern-
mentend it; and at last, I may say, without claim-
ing to beany prophet, or capable of any other rea-
soning than reasoning to the future from the past,
the result will inevitably be, cost what it may, that
if the road is ever made, it will be made by the
public Treasury of the country, and carry with it
all that immense system of contracts, ana of pat-
ronage, and of frauds, which must be ever attend-
ant upon a work of this character in the hands of
the Government.
At what time is it now projected? At a time
when the business of the country is prostrate,
when the resources of the Treasury are dried up,
and we are borrowing money—$5,000,000 at a
time—to carry on the most economical expendi-
tures of the Government. We have already au-
thorized a loan of $20,000,000. Five million dol-
lars of it, according to my recollection, have been
taken up, and $5,000,000 more are now advertised
for. If we look at the receipts from the customs
we find that they are in truth almost dried up by
the paralysis of business in the country. At this
time, with a Treasury in this condition, the bill
proposes that it shall incur a debt at once of
f25,000,000 for the purpose of commencing this
'aeific railroad.
I will not say, Mr. President—because if I did
I should possibly be laughed at—that I can find
no warrant for this project in the Constitution
anywhere. The Governmentisautliorized to es-
tablish post offices and post roads, and to carry
the mails; but it has no further authority on that
subject. It is true, as was said by one of the Sen-
ators advocating this measure, that if the Gov-
ernment thought it wise and expedient, it might
become its own earner of the mail, but it has
never done it; and I suppose it carmot be said it
ever was in the contemplation of those who framed
the Constitution, or those who have, up to this
time, administered it, that the Government had
power, under that clause of the Constitution, to
build a railroad for the purpose of having the mail
carried.
My sincere and thoroughly founded belief is,
that if the Government can be induced to touch
this scheme with its little finger, it will find itself
committed, in all after time, to have the work
done, cost what it may—far more if it can be in-
duced to embark in it upon the stipulations con-
tained in any of these bills—to advance money,
from time to time, for the construction of the road,
and to give thepubliclandsasasource of credit to
enable the additional supplies to bo obtained. I
think, sir, if the bill should be passed into a law, it
will be fortunate for the whole community that the
great mass of public lands through which the road
is to pass are really worthless, and that no credit
can be built up upon them; for if a credit could be
built up on them proportionate to the demands
of the road, we should have acted over again, and
in the mostexaggerated form, that which we have
just passed through, and which is called, I tlunk,
in commercial phrase, the great revulsion of the
times.
I do not know in what light other Senators have
looked at this matter; but I have been most for-
cibly impressed with the conviction that the re-
vulsion through which we have just passed, and
passed to a great extent by actual bankruptcy in
■wiping off the debt without payment, has resulted
from the improvident cessions made of the public
lands in the immense northwest country, for the
building of speculative railroads. I remember
very well to have seen, as doubtless most other
gentlemen have, in the condition of things devel-
oped during the last twelve months, chiefly in
New York, where this credit was acquired, that
the great mass of the debt of the country existing
at that time and wiped out by actual bankruptcy,
arose in the attempt to construct railroads in States
not ready for them. The process was a very sim-
ple one. The great class of speculators who are
to be found everywhere where speculation is to be
carried our, made largo acquisitions of the public
lands—acquisitions that they were enabled to
make, getting the lands almost for a song, through
that system of bounties instituted m Congress
recently, by giving gratuities to all the soldiers
who have served even fourteen days, in any of
the wars, bringing down the public lands to the
lowest possible value. These were sold in the
market, and the bounty lands given to the soldiers
were quoted every day at eighty or ninety cents
per acre, instead of the minimum price of $1 25.
They were purchased up by speculators located
in the Northwest, and then the next step was to
project a railroad, which should give their lands
value, on the theory that the lands would give
value to the railroad. All that was done, or rather
the foundation foritlaid, through the improvident
cessions of the property of the country, in the
shape of bounty lands to railroads.
I do not remember the figures; but I do remem-
ber this: that in the great debt of the country
which has now been wiped out by a shameless
bankruptcy, to avast extent, a great portion of
it was found to be connected with northwest-
ern railroads, and the credits built up by them
upon the cessions of the public lands. The pro-
cess, X believe, was somewhat like this: A com-
pany was chartered to make the railroad. The
State turned over to it the lands ceded by Con-
gress. They wont to work; issued the bonds of
the company to get the money, and based these
bonds upon the credit of the lands; and when the
bubble burst, it was found that additional credits
had been built up by borrowing money upon the
bonds, and it all went" like the baseless fabric of
a vision," as soon as the necessities of the times
compelled them to look into the actual condition
of their affairs.
I say, then, I should consider it fortunate for
the whole country, in case a bill of this kind
should pass, if it were found that the lands
through which the road is to run are worthless,
and that no such system of fraudulent credit can
be built up on them; and I suspect that such will
be found to be the case.
Then let us see how it is. In the table to which
I adverted a few minutes ago, which the honor-
able Senator from California, with that industry
and diligence which we ail know belong to him,
had compiled from these great volumes of railroad
surveys, I have found that the average length of
the various routes which have been surveyed (or
rather explored, for they have not been surveyed)
is about two thousand miles. In that distance of
two thousand miles, according to the computation
of the explorers, there is an average of some one
thousand throe hundred or one thousand four hun-
dred miles of country, through which the road is
to pass, where the lands are reported to be gener-
ally uncultivable, arable soil being found in small
areas. It is possible that in the remaining six
hundred miles, lands may be found which would
enable the contractors to build up a credit to some
extent in aid of this Government contribution of
money; but it would be to a very small extent.
Then one of two things must happen, supposing
the road to be carried on: either that the road
would break down and be stopped for want of
means, or, what is far more probable—indeed, I
should say, what would be the necessary alterna-
tive—that the Government would be called upon,
and would lind itself in a condition obligatory to
shoulder the whole burden, and to make the road
at the public expense directly, if it could be made
at all.
The honorable Senator from California has es-
timated the cost at $100,000,000. I do not claim
any right to estimate at all further than from gen-
eral report and general intelligence. If the road
is to be two thousand miles long, the road and the
equipment to work it I think might be put with
safety nearer two hundred million dollars. Well,
after it is done, ho wis it to be worked ? If it is done,
either as the property of the contractors, oras the
property of the imaginative States to whom it is
to be hereafter surrendered, oras the property of
the General Government as the residuary legatee
of a bankrupt concern, how is it to be worked ?
If I am correct in my estimate of the experience
of the railroads at present in operation, it cannot
be worked from any avails to be derived from the
road. The road will not contribute money enough
to work it. It cannot do it; it will have no way
travel; it will have comparatively no travel upon
it except those who are passing between the Pa-
cific and the Atlantic termini, and such freight as
would be brought over it, amounting to what I do
not know. But I know, in looking to the expe-
rience of the roads which have been made, that a
road through a country of that character, and of
that extent, could not be expected to be able to
payitsownexpenses. Hence,if itis to be worked
at all, it is to be worked at the expense of the
Government.
Well, Mr. President, what sort of a Govern-
ment should we have then ? It is very difficult to
say what sort of a Government we have now. It
is very easy for gentlemen to see the successive
departures from the line and theory and the poli-
cy of the Government as we received it, but it is
very difficult to say what form of government has
resulted when all these departures have exercised
their necessary influence upon the administration
of affairs. But, if we had a railroad two thou-
sand miles long, passing through a country the
greater part of the way always to be destitute of
population, to be worked at the public expense,
1 should appeal to honorable Senators who have
looked closely and jealously and justly at any ex-
tension of the existing patronage of the Govern-
ment, to see what a fruitful crop would come in
from a railroad administered by this Government
—a crop more fruitful in patronage and corruption
than all the custom-houses and post offices of this
broad land. I am free to admit that I can see
nothing but that necessary result if the road ever
could be made by the Government, and to be ad-
ministered of necessity by the Government as a
bankrupt road—a road dependent upon public ex-
penditure to carry it on.
I said that, according to the table presented by
the honorable Senator from California, there were
fourteen hundred miles of uncultivated land on the
line of this road. The honorable Senator from
Missouri says that one of the explorers, Lieuten-
ant Whipple, has traced a southern route, where
you would pass very few miles, at any point,
without finding wood and water and grass. That
is a very different account of the country from
what has been given to us, not only by the ex-
plorers, but by the philosophers who know the
physical causes that are operating upon that coun-
try; and who have a theory—and a theory that
is carried into fact, by its existing condition—that
the greater portion of it can never be otherwise
than a desert, simply because the rain never falls
upon it, or falls in such small quantities as to pre-
clude the possibility of having a stable population.
The nomadic tribes that wander through it, and
who have wandered through it for centuries long
before our ancestors came here, were necessarily
nomadic in their habits, from the impossibility
of having a fixed residence. They were like the
tribes in the deserts of Arabia. They would go
from oasis to oasis. A shower falls in particular
regions of the country, and brings up the grass,
and the buffaloes go there, and the Indians go
after there; and when it is exhausted they go off
to another spot, where another shower has fallen
and brought up more grass, and to which the buf-
faloes come. The great mass of the country must
remain, from physical causes always to operate,
a desert waste, unfit for the habitation of man.
Such is its present condition; such, as long as
physical causes remain,as they always have, sta-
ble in their character, must ever be its condition.
And you are to carry this railroad through four-
teen hundred miles of such a country, in order
that we may at once effect a connection between
the Atlantic and the Pacific States.
Mr. President, I can hardly look at the conse-
quence that would follow upon the enactment of
this bill into a law. The improvident waste of
money would be as nothing, however many hun-
dred millions it might cost; but it is the unsettling,
the loosening, the destroying of the fabric of the
Government itself that we are to look to. If the
Government should embark itself in this system
of patronage and expenditure in the loose manner
in which all such expenditures must be conducted,
it would debauch the morals of this people be-
yond recovery. It would be the fruitful parent
of a hundred more of these schemes which would
be devised only for the purpose of plunder, and
would lead to nothing but plunder. We have
gone far enough already, I should think, in the use
that has been made of the public property by the
cessions to railroads, under the delusive idea that
we were improving the value of the public domain
in giving them to these corporations. Now, v o
are to go this further step under the illusion of
making a contract with a company that does not
