516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
vention in the affairs of the Territory, and a substitution,
in its stead, of congressional intervention in behalf of a
minority engaged in a disreputable attempt to defeat the
will and violate the right? of the majority.
Resolved, That the people of Kansas Territory claim the
right, through a legal and fair expression ot the will of a
majority of her citizens, to form and adopt a constitution
for themselves.
'ResolveiI, That the Governor of this Territory be requested
to forward a copy of the foregoing preamble and re&olutious
to the President of the United States, the President of the
Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
to the Delegate in Congress from this Teiritorv.
G. W. DEITZLER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
C. W. BABCOCK,
President of the Council.
Secretary's Office, Lecompton,
Kansas Territory, Jannaty 12,1858.
I certify the above to be a true copy of the enrolled reso-
lutions deposited m this office.
[l. s.} HUGH S. WALSH, Clerk.
The Clerk was then proceeding to read the
concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of the
Territory of Kansas reaffirming the Topeka con-
stitution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, at this stage of
the proceedings, desires to call attention to the
passage in the Manual in reference to the reading
of papers. The Chair should have propounded
the question to the House, when objection was
made, whether the paper should be read ?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If the Chair
will allow me, as I got the House into this diffi-
culty, I will get them out of it. As I have been
deprived by the decision of the Chair of the par-
liamentary right which I had to object to the
reading, and as gentlemen have accomplished the
object they had in view, I withdraw all objection
to the reading.
The Clerk then read the resolutions of the Kan-
sas Legislature in relation to the Topeka consti-
tution; which are as follows:
Concurrent Resolutions reujpi nting the People's Constitu-
tion framed at Topeka 011 the 23t£ day of Oihober, 18.55.
Wheieass, in the spring of 1855 the first Legislative As-
sembly of the Tei ritoi y of Kansas was by force and violence
seized upon by people foreign to our soil, and a code of laws
enacted highly uujutst and oppressive, and calculated to
drive olf oi enslave the actual settlers oi saulTeintory, and
to fix upon them an institution revolting to a huge majouty
Of the bona fide citizens of the Tei utoiy . and wheic.is, to
avoid civil war, and fn the only peaceful alternative, a^sert-
ing^ they did,that the principle fotmaliy enunciated man
actwgamzuig thuTeiritonesot Nebraska and K.m-ii-, would
fully authorise and return them in tlu-u movement, the peo-
ple of said Temtoiy did proceed to call a convention to fiamc
a State constitution, the delegates theieto weie refill.uly
and fanly elected, and on the Midday ut Octuhci, A. L>. 1H.V>,
did a-^emble m convention at Topeka, m said Terntotv,
ant! did (ianie a constitution, and piovided tor it< -iibnn.-^nm
to a full and fan vote ot the people, tor then latuication or
rejection, to wit, on the J 3th day of !)ceemi>er, A. I). :
and whereas, at the tune atoro-auh the people ot said Tor-
ritoiy wete engaged in a war, lesisting an armed invasion
from abroad,and weie disabled theieby liom giving expul-
sion up<m said instrument: and wheic,^, to wit, on the :id
day of August, A. D. 1857, said comtilutton was again sub-
mitted to a hill and fairvote ofthe people for their latihca-
Uon or rejection, and by them ratified by a majority of about
eight thousand : Therefore,
Resolved by the CouncAland llou^eof Representatives, (the
House ot Representatives concuiring)—
1st. That the constitution fi.imed at Topeka, m <iaid Ter-
ritory, on the 23d day of Ootobei, A. 1). 1855. embodies the
wishes ofthe people of tin5* Terntory upon tin; subject of a
State government, and ought to he received by the Con-
gress of the United States as the constitution oi' the State
of Kansas.
8d. That we hereby memorialize the Congress of the
United Slates to admit the State of Kansas into the 1 huon
under the said constitution, framed at Topeka, in said Ter-
ritory, on the 523d day of October, A. I). 1855, as atore^ud;
as one of the sovereign States, upon an equal footing with
the other States.
3d. That the President of the Council and Speaker ofthe
House of Representatives be lcspeetfully requested to trans-
mit a copy of these lesolutionx, with a certified copy of the
yaid constitution, ftamed at Topeka on the 23d day of Oc-
tober, A. L). 3855, as aforesaid, to the President ofthe United
States, and the presiding ollicers of each House of Con-
gress.
Passed Council, Dccembcr 14,1857.
Passed House. December ib, l o7.
G. W. DRITZLEU,
Speaker of the House of Repi aentatives.
C. VV\ 15A flCOCIv,
President of the Count il.
Office of the Secretary of Kansas 'IYhritoky.
I certify the above to be a true copy ofthe eni oiled reso-
lutions deposited in this office.
[l.s.J HUGH S. WALSH, Clerk.
XjEcompton, Kansas Territory, January, 1:2, 1858.
The SPEAKER. The Chair now asks that the
Clerk may report the paragraph from tlio Manual
under which the ruling of the Chair was made.
The Clerk read the paragraph as follows:
" Where papers are laid before the House, or refeired to
a committee, every member has a right to have them once
ie$d at the table before he can be compelled to vote on them;
but it is a great, though common error, to suppose that he
has a right tolies quoties to have acts, journals, accounts, or
papeis on the table lead independently of the will of the
House. The delay and interruption which-this might be
made to produce, evince the impossibility of the existence
of such a right. There is, indeed, so manifest a piopriety
m permitting every member to have as much informa-
tion as possible on every question on which he is to vote,
that when he desires the reading, if it be seen that it is for
information, and not for delay, the Speaker directs it to be
read without putting the question, if no one objects; but if
objected to, the question must be put."
The resolutions were then laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
RESTRICTION OP DEBATE.
Mr. WARREN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, not with
a view of pressing it particularly upon the House
to-day, but with a view of getting it before the
House now, in order that they may act upon it
at their earliest convenience. It will be seen,
from the reading of it, that it is calculated to ex-
pedite business, and will not put any gentleman
on the floor to any inconvenience at all. It is as
follows:
Resolved, That from and after the passage of this resolu-
tion, a!l debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union shall be stiictly confined to the bill or i solu-
tion dneetly submitted to the committee, except that Mon-
day nights, Wednesday nights, and Friday nights, of each
week be, and they aie hereby, set apart for the discussion
of matters arising out ot" the condition of the Union gen-
erally, or such other matters as gentlemen may be disposed
to discuss.
Mr. BLISS. I object to that resolution.
Mr. WARREN. Objection being made, I move
to suspend the rules; for I am satisfied that two
thirds of the members would be willing to vote
for the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourrn.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman waive
that motion for a few moments, to enable the
Chair to lay certain papers before the House ?
Mr. CLINGMAiN. 1 will waive it for that
purpose.
CENSUS OF MINNESOTA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, submitting to tile House of
Representatives a report from the Secretary of the
Interior, under date of the 27th ultimo, with ac-
companying papers, in compliance with the res-
olution ofthe House ofthe i 8 th ultimo, request-
ing the President to communicate to the House
whether the census of the Territory of Minnesota
has been taken, in accordance with a provision
of the fourth section of the act of Congress pro-
viding for the admission of Minnesota as a State,
approved February 2G, 1857; and if saiil census
has been taken and returned to him or any de-
partment of tiie Government, to communicate the
same to this House; and if the said census has
not been so taken and returned, to state the rea-
sons, if any exist to his knowledge, why it has
not been done.
The message and the accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
REVISION OP REVENUE LAWS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in reply to a resolution of tiie House oi Rep-
resentatives of March 3, 1857, relative to House
bill (No. 387) for the revision and codification of
the revenue laws, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, being
a report in answer to a resolution of 26th January,
relative to the cost of completing the Delaware
breakwater, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MILITIA RETURNS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, con-
taining an abstract of the returns of militia; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a letter from the Postmaster
General, asking additional appropriations for tem-
porary clerk hire for the Post Office Department;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways'
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
certain reports from the Court of Claims. The
adverse reports were referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be placed on
the Calendar, and the bills to be considered as
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims, under the rule.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLINGMAN,
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 2, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. I. J. Murray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with the resolution
of the Senate, a statement showing the cost of the
printing, binding, and paper, ordered by Congress
for each year, beginning with December, 1815,
and ending with the late session; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Seward, was ordered to he on the
table; and a motion by him to print it, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate, a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating returns of the
militia of the States and Territories, with their
arms and accouterments and ammunition for the
year 1857; which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also laid before the Senate reports of the
Court of Claims, made in pursuance of law, ad-
verse to the claim of Samuel C. Reid, for himself
and in behalf of the owners, officers, and crew
of the private-armed brig General Armstrong; the
claim of Rebekah Heald; the claim of Benjamin
H. Springer; the claim of John Etheridgc; and
the claim of the Illinois Central Railroad; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying for
the passage of an act to incorporate the Columbia
Wood Gas Company; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying that a grant of land
be made for the benefit of the Michigan Agricul-
tural College; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. RIGLER presented the petition of P. S.
Duval & Co., praying for indemnity for the loss
of paper and plates for the second volume of the
Japan expedition, which were destroyed by fire
in Philadelphia, in April, 1856; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Mary S.
Taylor, widow of Alexander S. Taylor, a volun-
teer in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
bounty land; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
I-Ie also presented the petition of Anna M. E.
Ring, praying that a land warrant may be issued
to herself and sisters in lieu of one issued to their
father for services in the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Lieutenant
Colonel Johnston'and other cavalry officers, re-
monstrating against the incoiporation of the dra-
goons and mounted riflemen with the cavalry;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Mihtia.
Mr. YULEE presented a presentment of the
grand jm-y of St. John's county, Florida, in favor
of the appropriation of certain lots and buildings
at St. Augustine for the promotion of education
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented a communication from E. E.
Blackburn, United States marshal for the northern
district of Florida, m favor of an amendment of
the act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
