1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2627
session for the relief of George M. Gordon, with
regard to the assignment of certain land warrants.
Those warrants are on file among the papers in
the case. He desires to use the warrants under
the law. I therefore move that he have leave to
withdraw his papers.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented papers relative to a
cargo of guano received by Schuyler and Living-
ston, in the bark Evadne, which was libeled by
the Peruvian Minister and sold, and the proceeds
deposited in the United States Trust Company,
to abide the decision of the court; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
and a motion by Mr. Seward to print the pa-
pers, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Claude Samory, praying the confirmation of cer-
tain land titles; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HUNTER presented papers relative to the
payment of certain volunteers called into service
by the Governor of Florida in 1855 and 1856;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Wisconsin, praying that the
public lands may cease to be considered a source
of public revenue, and be reserved hereafter for
the use of actual settlers; which was ordered to
he on the table.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of I-Yidi-
nand Coxe, late secretary of legation at Brazil,
praying compensation for service loiuieised as
charge d'affaires at that court; whirl) w""3 re-
ferred to the Committee on Foieign Relations.
ST. REGIS INDIANS
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution-, winch was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and. agreed to:
ResolreJ. That the Secretary of the Interim communicate
to the Senate such information a* hi^ Depaitnient may af-
foid concernnifiany light or claim ot the £>t Regi* Indians,
now leading in the State ot Yoik, to any <ontmgent, con-
ditional, or other interest m the land? set ap.ut f'oi the New
Ymk Indians in Kansas, or in the Tmlian 'JVnitoiy ; and
whether the Canadian portion ot the St. Xlegis Indians, lias
any sucii mtcio&t.
CHAPLAINS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following lesolution;
which can lie over for consideration:
Rewired, That the Secietaty of the Senate be directed to
pav to the s*ev< nil miniHcis of the go-pel who have offici-
ated as chaplain* at the invitation of the Senate, during the
pie^ent t-esHOn, the Mitn of liity dollats each.
I hope the Sennte will allow me to say that I
offer the resolution on my own motion, without
consulting any gentleman who may appear to be
interested.
The resolution lies over under the rules.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Piinting:
Oidcrcd. That one thousand additional eopie^ of the re-
pono* rhe'Seciemn of State, iclamnr to foreign regulations
ot commerce, leeoivod fiom that Depai tment on the 4th ul-
timo. he punted for the u.se ot that Depai tment.
CANADIAN CONSUL GENERAL'S FEES.
Mr. EIAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
!le>ol> Tlut the Secietaiy of the Trea--uiy he dnerted
to communicate to the Senate what i< ^ oi eh,a:!:e-< the
con Mil aoneial for Canada i  amnon/,e«! 'o ni.ik.; ,uul ie-
ceivc on ffOodd oi aiticle- imported into to : 1 'unod Staler
ftom Canada, ninlci what law .-aid fee ot ch: i«;o i^ made,
the aiinnal amount iheieoi, ami how the same i> di-po^ed of.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
ATr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No.
557) making supplomentalappropriations for the
currentand contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment,andfor fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 3851), reported it without amendment.
Air. BROWN. A majority of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
lefet red tfie bill (H. R. No. 451) in relation to a
railway on Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington
city, in the District of Columbia, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment. I beg
to remark that a minority of the committee, of
which I am one, do not assent to that report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 414) to reimburse
the corporation of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, a sum of money advanced towards the
construction of the Little Falls bridge, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbian to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 2Q7) authofejajng the
organization of a fire department in the District of
Columbia, passed by the House of Representa-
tives, with an amendment, to report it back and
say that the committeee recommend a non-con-
currence with the amendment of the House of
Representatives; and as it is important that the
subject should be acted upon now, 1 hope the Sen-
ate will indulge me with a vote on the amend-
ment. I move that the Senate non-concur m the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. IVERSON. I have a dozen reports to
make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports must be
received.
Air. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom where referred the following bills, re-
ported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 81) for the relief of the
heirs of William Turvin, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of Richard
Tarvin;
A bill (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of A. Bau-
domn and A. D Roberts;
A biU (11. R. No. 47 G) for the relief of James
Rumph;
A* b111 (LI R No 480) for the relief of Dr. Fer-
dnta ml () M l'l-'f;
A bill (11 ii. No. 481) for the relief of Dinah
Minis;
A bill (II. R.No. 570) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Loomis L. Langdon;
A bill (H. R. NoT571) for the relief of David
McClure, administrator of Joseph McClure, de-
ceased; and
A bill (II. R. No. 575) for the relief of Robert
A. Davidge.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were inferred the following bills, asked to be dis-
ehanredfrom their further consideiation,and that
they"be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to:
A bill (H. R. No. 452) for the relief of Dr.
Thomas Antisell; and
A bill (H. R. No. 50G) for the relief of the ad-
ministrator of Horatio IJoultbee, deceased.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (FI. R No. 4SG) for the re-
lief of Alonzo and Elbridi^e G. Colby, asked to
be discharged from its fuither consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; which was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. "l am also instructed by the,
same committee, to whom was lefened the bill
(S. No. 290) for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of George Mayo, deceased, to ask to be
discharged fiom its fmther considemtioi , the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
having previously made a.i <>port on the same ease.
The papers were subsequently withdrawn from
the files, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The Committee on Claims do not leel at liberty
to rovers^ the repoi t of the previous committee
by winch the claim was adjudged.
The committee ws discharged.
Air. FiTZPATRICK. ftom the Committee on
Mihuiy Allans and A'lihtia, to whom was re-
fined the bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of
William Hutchinson, reported it without amend-
ment, and thut it ou^hr not to pass.
Air. FOSTER, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Ben-
jamin Ward, reported a bill (S. No. 421) to au-
thorize the Sect etary of the 1 nterior to issue a land
wairant to Benjamin Ward; which was read,and
passed to a second reading
Mr. BAYARD, from tlieCommittee on theJu-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
59) in relation to courts, and the holding of the
teime theieof, in the several Territories of the
United States, leported it without amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was refened the petition of John R. Bart-
lett, submitted a rcpoi t, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 422) for the relief of John R. Bartlett. Th«
1 bill was read, and passed to a second reading", and
' the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 572) for the relief of Lewis W.
Broadwell, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S.No, 419) for the relief of
j John Ferguson and others, reported it without
! amendment.
I Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee to Audit
! and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
i ate, to whom was referred a resolution to allow
I compensation to B. L. Bogan for the services of
j his son in the document-room of the Senate, re-
j ported it without amendment,
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
' tion to print a resolution of the corporation of
j Georgetown,and amemonalof citizens of George-
( town, relating to re-ceding a portion of that city
j to the county of Washington, reported in favor
| of the motion; and it was agreed to.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
' was referred a motion to print resolutions of a
! meeting of citizens of Georgetown relative to re-
; ceding a portion of that city to the county of
■ Washington, reported in favor of the motion; and
1 it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a motion to print resolutions of the
Merchants'Exchange Association of Washing-
ton; a motion to print the memoiial of the exec-
utive board of the American Indian Aid Asso-
I ciation; a motion to print the message of the
! President in relation to the accounts of Edward
! F. Beale; a motion to print the report of the Sec-
: retary of the Navy communicating Lieutenant
i Craven's report of explorations of the Atrato and
j Truando rivers; and a motion to print the report
! of the Secretary of the Treasury relative to frauds
on the revenue committed by the commercial
house of Simon De Visser and Jose Villarubiay
of New Orleans, reported adversely thereon,
j He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the message of the
■ President in relation to the seizure of the Ameri-
■ can bark Panchita, on the coast of Africa, reported
i in favor of it, and the motion was agreed to.
: He also, from the same committee, to whom
, was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Navy relative to the pay of cer-
: tain retired naval officers, reported in favor of the
: motion; and it was agreed to.
I Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
j was referred a motion to print the message of the
President, with the correspondence, in relation
i to the arrest of William Walker by Commodore
Paulding, reported in favor of the motion; and it
was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the petition of
James H. Birch, jr., and the memorial of T. D.
W. Youley, with regard to certain lands in Mis-
souri, and the accompanying papers, reported in
favor of the motion; and it was agreed to.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There was
ako referred to the Committee on Printing a mo-
tion to print the petition of Perry AIcDonougla
Collins, praying compensation for commercial re-
searches in northern Asia, and an exploration of
. the A moor river. We find by the papers, that the
Mouse of Representatives some one or two months
, since, called for information from the State De-
partment upon the subject, ieeeived it, and printud
it. The memorial and papers show, that under
an appointment of the last Administration, as a
, commercial agent, an office, I believe, m regard
to which there is no law providing a salary or pay
unless by special act, and there was none I think
in this case, he made these travels and has made
this report since. The committee find nothing to
print but the memorial, unless they print the re-
, port made by the State Department, which has
|, already been printed by the House of Repre-
I sentatives. They find that the memorial is not
j lengthy at all, and the committee who will inves-
j tigate the subject can very well do it without
j printing the memorial. We report adversely to
! the printing of the memorial.
ij BILLS INTRODUCED.
II Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous con-
