1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
exist in order to invite such a company into ex-
istence, to invite the construction of this road, and
to accompany this great cession of the public do-
main with direct contributions from the Treasury
to the amount of $25,000,000. I confess that I
am unable to foresee what its results would be in
breaking down the Confederative Government, or
in converting it into one of entire consolidation.
I shall deem it my duty, sir, to oppose this bill
and every kindred one which contemplates either
money or lands from the public Treasury to build
a railroad. I have opposed them all heretofore by
my vote, and occasionally in debate, even when
presented in a far less dangerous form; but if we
are to go into -this system of legislation, placing
the money and the property of the Government
in the hands of contractors without security, and
■without the possibility of getting security, bring-
ing a whole swarm of speculators, and all the
speculative minds and speculative interests of the
country to the door of the Treasury, we shall cer-
tainly never satiate them, and the consequence
must be that the Government will become a Gov-
ernment administered, if not by, exclusively for
the benefit of, speculators and monopolists; to
advance which I shall contribute nothing by any
vote of mine.
Mr. GWIN. Before the Senator from Virginia
sits down, I should like him to indicate what plan
■would meet with his support, that would bring
about a connection by land between the Pacific
coast and the rest of the States of this Union. I
desire to know whether he contemplates, or is
willing to support, any plan which would give us
that kind of connection, which would enable us
to pass" from one section to the other in time of
war.
Mr. MASON. I will answer the Senator with
great pleasure. I will say to him that I do not
think there is any feasible plan that could be de-
vised in any mode, looking to the condition of the
country, unless we could find some body, corpo-
rate or real, with capital and resources enough to
build the road and to pay all its expenses after-
wards; and, therefore, I do not think there is any
feasible plan by which it can be done. But I will
say further, that I am aware of no plan by which
it ought to be done, with any other aid from the
Federal Government except that which is ex-
tended to all railroads that can be advantageously
used by the Government, after they have been
made from other resources;and the Government
should not be a party to them.
Mr. GWIN. Then I understand the Senator
to say, that he advises no plan, proposes no plan,
for this connection, and hence there must be an
inevitable separation of this Union in the event
of war with a powerful nation, by the connection
being cut off between the various sections of the
Republic, for the want of just such a communica-
tion as it is now proposed tb make by this bill, as
a great military necessity. I shall understand
him, then, as taking the position that the Pacific
coast is to be separated from the restof theUnion,
if, unfortunately, we should have a war with any
nation more powerful at sea than we are, so as to
cut off our oceanic communication; and that he
will not attempt, in time of peace, to make any
provision by which the Republic can be kept with
its present boundaries in the event of the casualty
of war.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator seems
to import that I have a better opinion of the region
of country from which he comes than he has him-
self. I have no idea that there is any nation on
earth powerful enough to take possession of our
Pacificcoast, and keep it against this Government,
unless—what I am sure he would not wish to be
done—the Pacific country assented. It is very
possible, that in a war with any great maritime
Power, they might pounce down upon and take
possession of some of the Pacific cities; I do not
know that they could even do that. I do not
know but that those cities might be able to protect
themselves, with such means as the Government
may have there; but I am very far from admit-
ting that even if they were temporarily taken, it
would necessarily dismember this Confederacy.
If I remember rightly, in 1814 the British army
were in possession, for a very long time, of por-
tions of some of the New England States—I think
of the State of Maine; yet it was never supposed
that the Government had been dismembered, be-
cause we could not dislodge the enemy.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator, therefore, as we are
the weakest, and most remote section of the coun-
try, invites that our country shall be taken pos-
session of by foreign nations. He would leave
us unprotected, while his own section is entire-
ly protected by the power of the Government
having been heretofore exerted to develop its re-
sources, and to so connect it with the rest of the
Confederacy that an immense force could be con-
centrated for its defense, which makes it impos-
sible for an enemy now, no matter what was done
in 1814, to hold any portion of this Confederacy,
with the solitary exception of the Pacific coast.
All we ask is to give us military connection with
this section of the Confederacy; and if the Sena-
tor can devise a better plan than this bill I am for
it. This is no favorite of mine. I am for having
a plan by which we can be connected with this
section of the Confederacy, so that we can be as
a nation ought to be—able to assist each section
of it, no matter what portion of it may be in-
vaded by a foreign foe, if we ever have a war.
Mr. MASON. I do not choose that the Sena-
tor from California shall change the issue, so far
as I am concerned. I would not permit a foreign
enemy to take possession of our country. What
I said was, that, at most, I presumed they could
only get possession for the time being, when Cal-
ifornia even becomes stronger than she is now,
of some points on the coast. But if the Senator
means to present this alternative that we must
either part with California as a State in this Con-
federacy, or change and destroy the fabric of this
Government, in order to build a railroad to con-
jiect them, with every regret in the world in part-
ing with the country of the honorable Senator, I
should be constrained to say it must go. I would
say to the Senator, however, on this subject of
military supplies, it is hardly probable that we
are likely to have such a war, certainly for half a
century, if not longer, and it is possible that in
that time it may be found practicable to throw all
military supplies, to any amount, both of men
and of munitions, across this very desert country,
by the means of very large camel trains, and we
may give them a camel train as a substitute for
his railroad.
Mr. HALE. I will remind the Senator from
Virginia that, in his reminiscenses of the last war,
he need not have gone all the way down East to
find a country that the British got possession of,
because I believe we are standing in a place now
that they held a little while. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. That is true.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We wanta railroad to bring
the people from California to defend it the next
time.
Mr. HALE. But, sir, I rose rather for inform-
ation, and, as I do not like the mode of putting in-
terrogatories directly to a gentleman, I will throw
them out in general, and let anybody who feels
inclined to answer do so. I am m favor of a Pa-
cific railroad, but I am not going to say when or
how. I am in favor of it, probably, on some 4th
of July; but, when we undertake to build it, we
must have reference to all the surroundings; and
not the least important, it strikes me, is the state
of the Treasury.
I understand that there will be a bill here be-
fore long to borrow $30,000,000, before we get
through the session. I am told that the Secretary
of the Treasury thinks that, with extraordinary
economy, if we shall be careful, as he will be, he
may get along with borrowing $20,000,000; and
the question I want to ask will grow out of the
statement of facts I am now going to make.
I see it stated in various papers; in such a man-
ner that I am inclined to give some credit to it,
that it is the intention of the Administration, as
soon as they get the Kansas bill off their hands,
to give their attention to another subject, which
will involve a very large expenditure of the pub-
lic treasure—and that is the purchase of Cuba.
We all know that when Mr. Buchanan was Sec-
retary of State under Mr. Polk, he instructed Mr.
Saunders, who was then our Minister to Spain,
to offer #200,000,000 for Cuba, and he could not
get it. Spain would not sell for that price. In
addition to what I have seen in the papers, which
seemed to me to be authentic, I have read an ex-
tract from a speech—which I did not hear deliv-
ered—by a gentleman of whom I may say, that
when I hear him speak, I think I hear Mr. Buch-
anan. I refer to the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Seidell.] He says that he was
in favor, some time ago, of assisting what are
commonly called the fillibustcrs in taking Cuba,
but he has abandoned that, and thinks everybody
ought to give that up, and to entertain another
view. I will read his very words. He said, this
day a week ago:
" When I made, four years since, a movement for the sus-
pension of ourneutiality laws, X believed, as X now believe,
that a large majority of the people of Cuba was prepared to
make a vigorous effort to throw off the yoke of their trans-
atlantic oppressors."
That evidently does not refer to a slave insur-
rection. That was not the kind of yoke to be
thrown off:
" And, so far as my influence of councils could be use-
ful, I was willing to aid them. I believed then, as I now
believe, that a hostile feeling towards us then existed with
the Governments of France and Great Britain, and that
they desired to Africanize Cuba. I avail myself, gladly,
of the occasion to say that such, I am satisfied, is not now
the feeling of these Governments."
That is, they are not opposed to our taking
Cuba now.
" Besides this, the people ofCuba, although still desirous
of peaceful annexation, are not willing to run the risk" of
civil war and servile insurrection to become members of
our Confederacy. Public policy must accommodate itself
to circumstances; and any attempt to obtain Cuba, except
by negotiation, should, in my opinion, now be abandoned."
I do not mean to ask the question; but if the
Senator from Virginia will answer, I should like
to have him answer whether or not it is the inten-
tion of the Administration to open that negotia-
tion again, and to offer anything like the amount
heretofore offered for Cuba? Because, if so, how-
ever much we should like a Pacific railroad bill,
we shall not have $100,000,000 to spare in the
present state of our Treasury, after we have paid
£200,000,000 for Cuba; and it would enlighten, I
have no doubt, the judgment of some men on this
measure. I will not say how much influence it
would have on my own vote, but it would en-
lighten the judgment of some before they vote for
what would involve the Government in the ex-
pense of §100,000,000, to know whether it is to
be taken out of a Treasury that has been depleted
§200,000,000 by the purchase of Cuba, or not;
because I think, notwithstanding all that the Sen-
ator from Missouri has said of the greatness and
the power and the enterprise of this country, it
would hardly be competent to both these under-
takings.
Mr. POLK. The Senator will allow me to say,
not at one time. Let us have the railroad first;
and then, if we can take the other afterwards,
very well.
Mr. HALE. That is the very thing I wanted
to hear the Senator from Virginia upon: which
goes first of these two, the Pacific railroad or Cuba?
If Cuba is really the object of the Administration,
(and to be serious about it, I think the Adminis-
tration owe it to the people to let it be known
whether this is their intention,) this is their object,
and this is a part of the settled policy of the Gov-
ernment; because it is evident that it must very
sensibly influence the action of those who look
to the condition of the Treasury to govern them
in the vote they are to give on the proposition now
before the Seriate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President,before the
question is taken on the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Missouri, I desire
to offer an amendment to his amendment. His
amendment, if I understand it, is, that the point
of starting shall be between the mouth of the Big
Sioux river and Fort Smith, on the western bound-
ary of Arkansas. The amendment which I pro-
pose is, that the northern point shall be on the
western boundary of Minnesota, at Breckinridge,
at the confluence of the Bois des Sioux with the
Red River of the North. It is a point for a rail-
road to which a grant of land has already been
given to Minnesota. It is upon the line of the
proposed road as surveyed by Governor Stevens;
and it is, in my judgment, upon that route which
is capable of settlement upon the entire line up
the Missouri river and down the Columbia river,
and capable of being inhabited, and thickly in-
habited, across the entire continent. On that route
there is no desert plain of five hundred miles, or
of one thousand five hundred miles; but at the
very summit of the dividing ridge there is scarce
five miles from a good pasturage on the one side
to good pasturage on the other. I simply offer
this amendment so that the question may be taken
