518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the subject on which he desires action -will be J
postponed if it creates debate.
Mr. YULEE. It is not material that it should
be attended to to-day, and I will not press it.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being
the bill in reference to the Pacific railroad, upon
which there is a motion to postpone it with a view
to take up the bill to admit Minnesota into the
Union.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood that the bill for the
increase of the Army was the special order for
to-day at half past twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true. The
Chair will state, however, that the Senate ad-
journed on this business yesterday; and by spe-
cial rule of the Senate, the unfinished business
takes precedence of special orders.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought we adjourned yester-
day without taking up any other subject, after
having postponed the Army bill. There was a
mere proposition to take a subject into consider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair an-
nounced that the special order was taken up, and
there was a motion to postpone it. Whether that
was up or not, however, the motion to postpone it
was the unfinished business on which the Senate
yesterday adjourned.
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senate as a rea-
son why I trust this subject will be suffered to lie
over for to-day at least, that my colleague, who
had the floor when the Senate adjourned upon the
question of taking up the Minnesota bill, is eon-
fined to his bed to-day by sickness, and he is un-
able to get out. He requested me this morning
to ask the favor of the Senate not to act on that
proposition to-day. I state that to the Senate,
and I move to postpone the subject until to-mor-
row.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a mere motion to take up
a subject for consideration which was pending at
the adjournment. If the subject had been taken
up, then we should have to continue its consider-
ation. The subject mentioned by the Chair was
not before the Senate.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the subject was taken up,
and there was a motion to postpone its further
consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. The question yesterday was
on a motion to postpone the Pacific railroad bill
until to-morrow, and upon that motion the Senate
adjourned, as I understand it. To-morrow has
come; and itseems to me that we fall back, then,
on the special order for half past twelve o'clock,
the Army bill; and if there be no objection 1 will
move to take up the Army bill, to avoid all ques-
tion about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
was taken up yesterday, and there was a motion
made to postpone it and take up another bill. The
Chair thinks it is necessary to postpone that other
bill before proceeding with the Army bill.
Mr. CLAY. I have made that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama made a motion to postpone it.
Mr. GWIN. To postpone what question?
Mr. CLAY. The special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My impression is, that with-
out any motion, the Army bill, being the unfin-
ished business, and having been postponed until
to-day, has priority as the first special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army bill
was not the unfinished business. The motion to
postpone the Pacific railroad bill was the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. GWIN. The present subject under con-
sideration is the Pacific railroad bill, is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that bill will not be post-
poned.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote with tho Sena-
tor from New York to take up the Army bill. I
do not wish to antagonize with everything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama moves to postpone the special order,
■with a view to take up the special order fixed for
half past twelve o'clock, being the Army bill.
Mr. GWIN. The business before the Senate
was the Pacific railroad bill, was it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Pacific rail-
road bill was taken up as the special order yester-
day, and the Senate adjourned on a motion to
postpone it and take up the Minnesota bill. That
unfinished business takes its place at the head of
the special orders. The Senator from Alabama
now moves to postpone that special order, with a
view to take up the bill for the increase of the Army.
Mr. GWIN. This motion is to postpone the
Pacific railroad bill in order to take up the Army
bill. That is the question. The Pacific railroad
bill was before the Senate, and there was a motion
by the honorable Senator from Illinois to postpone
it, in order to take up the Minnesota bill. Cer-
tainly the Pacific railroad bill is the one before the
Senate. That is the decision, as I understand the
Chair. The special order for yesterday, being the
Pacific railroad bill, is before the Senate, together
with the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
postpone it, in order to take up the Minnesota bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. GWIN. Then the Pacific railroad bill is
before the Senate, and the motion is to postpone
it. I hope it will not be postponed. I liope the
Senator from Alabama will notpress thatmotion.
If the question is pressed, I shall askforthe yeas
and nays on it.
Mr. CLAY. I understood the Chair to say that
the unfinished business was the question of taking
up the Minnesota bill. I now understand the
Chair, however, that the unfinished business is
the Pacific railroad bill. I move to postpone that
with a view of taking up theArmybill. Wehave
progressed, I think, very nearly to the close of the
argument on that bill. We are assured by the
Committee on Military Affairs that it is important
to the public interest that the bill should pass or
be defeated at once. There is no pressing emer-
gency, certainly, in respect to the Pacific railroad,
for it is not the work of a day, or a year, or of
manyyears. I trust that it will be postponed, and
that we shall proceed to the consideration of the
Army bill.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have one word to say. I
understood the state of facts to be this: Yesterday,
when the Army bill was postponed until to-day,
the Chair, without any motion, announced that
the next special order was the Pacific railroad bill.
I immediately interposed a motion to postpone
the prior orders and take up the Minnesota bill;
and I did that before the Pacific railroad bill had
been taken up at all. It was simply announced
that it had been reached on the Calendar, but wo
did not proceed to its consideration; it was not
read; it was not before the Senate. We arrived
at the point where it was to come next, and I in-
terposed a motion to postpone it and take up the
Minnesota bill. My impression is, that motion
having gone over, that the Army bill has the
same 'priority to-day that it had yesterday morn-
ing, and that next to it is the Pacific railroad bill.
When the Pacific railroad bill is reached, I shall
insist on my motion to take up the Minnesota
bill against it. I do not wish to withdraw it, or
to antagonize with the Army bill, because I be-
lieve that is nearly finished, and I do not wish to
seem to be antagonizing with everything in the
Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to ask a question of
the Chair. My remembrance is—I may be mis-
taken, however—that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts yesterday submitted an amendment to
the Army bill, and moved to postpone it until
half past twelve o'clock to-day. Is that the fact?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. 1 made that motion.
Mr. IVERSON. If thatis the fact, the Army
bill is the special order now, and the other mat-
ters cannot come up until one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
obliged to adhere to the opinion he expressed,
that the unfinished business of yesterday takes
precedence of the special orders.
Mr. IVERSON. At one o'clock; but not until
that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army bill was
the special order for half past twelve o'clock, but
the unfinished business takes its place ahead of
that.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my opposition, with
the understanding that the Army bill is to be
taken up and disposed of, and that then the Pa-
cific railroad bill shall follow in its course imme-
diately after.
■ Mr. DOUGLAS. There cannot be any agree-
ment made as to what shall follow in its course.
The argument is nearly finished on the Army bill;
but I shall be compelled, after we have disposed
of the Army bill, and come to the Pacific railroad
bill, to insist on my motion to postpone it, and
take up the Minnesota bill. I wish to give this
notice now, so as to deal with entire frankness
with the Senator from California.
Mr. GWIN. The question then wiil be, the
Army bill being considered and passed, whether
we shall take up the next special order, which is
the Pacific railroad bill. Very well. I will meet
the gentleman on that question. 1 withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to withdraw the call. The Chair
hears no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79)
to increase the military establishment of the Uni-
ted States, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Toombs to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, when this bill
was under debate on a previous occasion, 1 inti-
mated that I had some words to speak on the
subject, and I will proceed to make my remarks
now. I shall not detain the Senate long; and, in
what T say, I shall hardly labor to convince Sen-
ators to bring them over to my own opinions, for
I am, in regard to this bill, but half convinced
myself. My object is to place myself right upon
the record, in order that the reasons for tho votes
I shall give may be understood hereafter.
It would be impossible, Mr. President, to en-
gage with any advantage in this debate; for, so far
as I have observed its progress, there is no dispute
on principle involved in the subject. On the one
side, the bill is opposed by those who deprecate
a standing army, and we have pictures drawn of
the dangers of a standing army in the country;
and, on the other side, the argument is only to
show that this bill does not contemplate a danger-
ous increase of the standing Army. Now, upon
principle, I suppose we are all agreed; there is no
one here that is in favor of a large, dangerous,
standing army—one that would menace the liber-
ties of the country, or bring them into jeopardy.
So, on the other side; I think there is no one here
who supposes that the police of this great empire
can he conducted without some military force,
some regular troops. There is no one who is for
a large standing army; there is no one who is for
no regular force; there is no one m favor of a
universal or general police; there is also no one
who is for no Federal police; there is no one who
will argue that the fortifications of the country
ought to be abandoned, and suffered to go to des-
olation and ruin; and so there is no one who will
argue that any greater force than is necessary for
the present emergencies, whatever they may be,
shall he raised; there isno one who is in favorof
a standing army of one hundred thousand men;
there is no one, so far as I know, who is against
a standing army of live thousand men.
The trouble, then, arises out of collateral ques-
tions, out of a view of the exigencies to which
the armed power of the country may be applied
if it shall be increased; and our difficulty on this
subject is to discuss and consider it fairly m the
absence of a knowledge of what will be the action
I of the Government on some other questions. £
; am perfectly clear in my own mind about what
| I would do. I would grant this increase of
force if I knew that when it was granted the
army which is now in Kansas would be with-
drawn from that Territory. I am reluctant to in-
crease the armed forces of the United States, while
an army is remaining in Kansas; but I cannot
know, nor can any one else know, what will bo
the disposition of the army in Kansas.^ I can only
make up my judgment in regard to it from the
facts which are before me; and taking the condi-
tion of the Kansas question as it stands, I have
made up my mind that it approaches its solution,
and that whether the Administration favors a free
State, or whether it continues its intervention
there in favor of a slave State in Kansas, things
