566
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9?
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
one hundredth degree of longitude intersects the
parallel of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north
latitude; and thence west with the said parallel of
thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north lati-
tude to the point where it intersects the one hun-
dred and third degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; and thence south with the said one
hundredand third degree of longitude to the thirty-
second parallel of north latitude; and thence west
with the said thirty-second degree of north lati-
tude to the Rio Grande.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That such
landmarks shall be established at the said point
of beginning on Red river, and at the other cor-
ners, and on the said several lines of said bound-
ary, as may be agreed on by the President of the
United States, or those acting under his author-
ity, and the said State of Texas, or those acting
under its authority.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the sum of
eighty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same hereby is,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to carry out the pro-
visions of this act: Provided, That the person or
persons appointed and employed on the part and
behalf of Texas are to be paid by the said State:
Pi ovidedfurther. That no persons, except a super-
intendent or commissioner, shall be appointed or
employed in this service by the United States but
such as are required to make the necessary ob-
«ervations and surveys to ascertain such line and
erect suitable monuments thereon and make re-
turn of the same.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses of
the Government for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States at
Great Britain, Prance, Russia, Prussia, Spam,
Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China, Chili, Peru, Port-
ugal, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia, Bel-
gium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, Bu-
enos Ayres, New Grenada, Bolivia, Eucador,
Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Sandwich
Islands, two hundred and seventy-four thousand
dollars.
For salaries of the secretaries of legation of the
United States, twelve thousand dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Pans, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to China,
acting as interpreter, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as dragoman, three thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
sixty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, viz: interpreters, guards, and other
expenses of the consulates at Constantinople,
Smyrna, Can_dia, Alexandria, and Ben out, two
thousand five "hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and crews
of foreisrn vessels in rescuing citizens and vessels
of the United States from shipwreck, ten thou-
sand dollars—to be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, presses, and
flags, and for the payment of postages and mis-
cellaneous expenses of the consuls of the United
Stales, forty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls-general, con-
suls, and commercial agents who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
twenty-seven thousand three hundred and sev-
enty dollars.
For salaries of consuls-general at Quebec, Cal-
cutta, Alexandria, Simoda, Havana, Constanti-
nople, Frankfort-on-the-Main; consuls at Liver-
pool , London, Melbourne, Hong Kong, Glasgow,
Mauritius, Singapore, Belfast, Cork,'Dundee,
Demarara, Halifax, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds,
Manchester, Nassau, (New Providence,) South-
ampton, Turk's Island, Prince Edward's Island,
Havre, Paris, Marseilles, Bordeaux, LaRochelle,
Lyons, Moscow, Odessa, Revel, Saint Peters-
burgh, Matanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago de
Cuba, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga,
Ponce, (Porto Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix-la-
Chapelle, Canton, Shanghai, Fouchou, Amoy,
Ningpo, Beirout, Smyrna, Jerusalem, Rotter-
dam, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Funchal, Oporto,St.
Thomas, Elsineur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva, Mes-
sina, Naples, Palermo, Leipsic, Munich, Leg-
horn, Stuttgardt, Bremen, Hamburg, Tangiers,
Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de Janeiro, Pernambuco, Vera
Cruz, Acapulco, Calloa, Valparaiso, Buenos
Ayres, San Juan del Sur, Aspinwall, Panama,
Laguayra, Honolulu, Lahaina, Capetown, Falk-
land Islands, Venice, Stettin, Candia, Cyprus,
Batavia, Fayal, Santiago, (Capede Verdes,) Saint
Croix, Spezzia, Athens, Zanzibar, Bahia, Maran-
ham Island, Para, Rio Grande, Matamoras, Mex-
ico, (city,) Tampico, Paso del Norte, Tabasco,
Paita, Tumbez,Talcahuano, Carthagena, Saban-
ilio, Omoa, Guayaquil, Cobija, Montevideo, Ta-
hita, Bay of Islands, Apia, Lanthala; commercial
agents at San Juan del Norte, Port-au-Prince, San
Domingo, (city,) St. Paul de Loanda, (Angola,)
Monrovia, Gaboon, Cape Haytien, Aux Cayes,
and Amoor river, one hundred and seventy-three
thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For interpreters to the consulates in China, four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For "compensation to the commissioner, chief
astronomer and surveyor, assistant astronomer
and surveyor, clerk, and for provisions, trans-
portation, and contingencies of the commission to
run and mark the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and the British possessions bounding
on Washington Territory, seventy-one thousand
dollars.
For compensation and per diem of the commis-
sioner, compensation of the surveyor, and for the
payment of all expenses of the commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain,
twenty-three thousand dollars.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap-CXXII.—An Act to Confirm the Sale of the
Reservation held by the Christian Indians, and
to provide a permanent home for said Indians.
Whereas, by the thirteenth article of a treaty
made and concluded at Washington on the sixth
day of May, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four, between the United States of America
and the Delaware Indians, a grant of four sections
of land was made to the Christian Indians, for
which a patent was to be issued to the said Indi-
ans, "subject to such restrictions as Congress
may provide;" and whereas, a patent was so
issued to them on the twenty-first day of May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven; and whereas, it
fully appears, by the evidence and papers on file
before the Committee on Indian Affairs, that the
four sections of land set apart by said treaty was,
on the twenty-ninth day of May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty seven, sold and conveyed by said
Christian Indians to one A. J. Isacks for the con-
sideration of forty-three thousand four hundred
dollars, which sum was a'fair consideration for
said lands; Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That upon the payment of the said sum
of forty-three thousand four hundred dollars by
the said A. J. Isacks to the Secretary of the In-
terior, for the use and benefit of said Christian
Indians, within ninety days from the passage of
this act, it shall then be the duty of the President
of the United States to confirm said sale.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatthe Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he hereby is, author-
ized and required to receive the proceeds of the
sale of the said four sections of land, and apply the
same as follows: that is to say, so much thereof
as may be necessary to the purchase of a suitable
tract of land for a permanent home for the Chris-
tian Indians , the erection of the necessary build-
ings for their accommodation, and the purchase
of stock, agricultural implements, and whatever
else maybe necessary to establish them thereon;
the balance of the said fund to be invested by the
Secretary of the Interior in safe and profitable
stocks, the interest whereof shall be applied to
the support of a school among the said Christian
Indians.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, when-
ever the Christian Indians desire it, the tract pur-
chased under the provisions of the preceding sec-
tion shall be divided among them, under the
direction of the President of the United States, to be
held in severalty, and with all the rights incident to
a fee-simple estate: Provided, Thatthe said tracts,
when so divided, shall be forever inalienable by
the granttes or their heirs, except with the con-
sent and approval of the President of the United
States.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of cer-
tain Settlers on the Public Lands in the State
of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America inConp-ess
assembled, That so much of the even-numbered
sections of land selected by the State of Wis-
consin in the month of June, in the year eighteen
hundred and forty-nine, to satisfy the quantity
of land due said' State under the act of Congress
of August eighth, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, gianting land in aid of the improvement of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, as have been sold,
or contracted to be sold, by said State or its as-
signs, under the laws thereof, are hereby con-
firmed to said State, as parts of said grant, and
the title of the purchasers declared to be valid as
though the said selections had been made in con-
formity with law: Provided, That nothing con-
tained in this act shall be construed to increase
the quantity of land to which the State is entitled
under the grant aforesaid: And provided further,
That a schedule, duly certify [certified] by the
Governor, of the lands sold and contracted for to
be sold, prior to the passage of this act, shall be
filed in the General Land Office within six months
from the date of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person being the head of a family, widow, or
single man over the age of twenty-one years,
who, on the eleventh day of June, m the year
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, was, or since
that time has become, an actual settler and house-
keeper, and has made other improvements on any
tract embraced in said even-numbered section se-
lection, which the State of Wisconsin or its as-
signs has not sold or contracted to sell, is hereby
entitled to the same right of preemption, and upon
the same terms and conditions, as is prescribed
by an act entitled " An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands and to
grant preemption rights," approved September
fourth, in the year eighteen hundred and forty-
one: Provided, That this act shall not be con-
strued to convey to Wisconsin any parts or por-
tions of said even-numbered section selections
which said State or its assigns have not actually
sold or contracted to sell, and the title to which
is not confirmed by the first section of this act.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
Chap. CXLV.-r-An Act to repeal the fifth section
of an act entitled "An act to authorize the
Register or Enrollment and License to be is-
sued in the name of the President or Secretary
of any incorporated Company owning a Steam-
boat or Vessel," approved March third, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the fifth section of " An act to
authorize the register or enrollment and license
to be issued in the name of the president or sec-
