1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are reaching such a crisis that the President of the
United States will not dare to maintain an army
in Kansas to enforce a constitution which the
people of that State reject, and against which they
array themselves with armed force; and that is the
issue which I expect to see if such a constitution
shall be forced on Kansas.
I do not expect to sec theLecompton constitu-
tion carried through Congress—a constitution to
establish slavery in the Territory of Kansas wi th-
ou t the consent of the people ;a constitution framed
by a convention which they never called, which
they have absolutely repudiated three distinct
times, and at the moment when the Territorial
Legislature representing, under the sanction of
Congress, the people of that Territory, have abol-
ished slavery and are sustained, as we all know
they are, by five sixths or six sevenths of the
whole people. Sir, I think there has been great
skill in manipulating returns from Kansas Terri-
tory; I think there has been great skill manifested
at the other end of the avenue in bringing this
question before Congress; but I have no fear that
there is such political skill here or in the Terri-
tory, separately or combined, as will be able to
force that constitution upon Kansas, nor such
boldness and desperation as to attempt to main-
tain it by the use of the Army. ^
My impression, therefore, is, that the army
which is in Kansas will have to be withdrawn.
Then I have endeavored to frame an amend-
ment to this bill which would compel the with-
drawal of the troops in Kansas. I have been un-
able to frame one that would be practicable, and
1 have, therefore, to give that up. Suppose I
shall be disappointed in this, and the army is to
be retained in Kansas: what then ? Well, sir, if
the army is to be retained in Kansas, it has got
to be paid, and it is Congress that is to grant the
supplies for the Army. When I look over this
Chamber and the other, and see how they are con-
stituted, I have no fear that the Congress of the
United States this year will appropriate money to
maintain an army in Kansas to enforce a consti-
tution on the people which they have rejected,
and to which they will never submit.
It is only a year ago, when we were much weaker
here than we are now, that we broughtthis Gov-
ernment to a dead stand upon the appropriations
for an army to maintain the usurpation of the
Missouri invaders in Kansas, and to enforce sla-
very on that people. If all had stood with the
same firmness that I stood, and that I recom-
mended to others, the Government would have
stood to this day before a soldier would have been
in Kansas. There I shall stand now; and it may
as well be understood first as last, that those who
attempt to send an army into Kansas to maintain
that constitution, must look into the Senate and
House of Representatives elsewhere than to me,
or any upon whom my opinions may operate, for
support.
This disposes of the matter in that aspect. Yes-
terday I was quite disposed to take the substitute
offered by my honorable and esteemed friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] That Sen-
ator proposes to raise five thousand volunteers,
and that they shall be disbanded at the expiration
of one year. It is attractive, as showing a pref-
erence for a volunteer force to a regular force; but
on reflection I see that his proposition is embar-
rassed with precisely the same difficulties with
my own. If we raise five thousand volunteers
upon the system which he recommends, and they
are to be sent to Utah and employed there ex-
clusively, as his proposition suggests, then the
Army may all be left 111 Kansas, or five thousand
regular troops may be left in Kansas, while the
volunteers are sent to fight our battles in Utah;
and therefore I do not find in that proposition any
relief.
My very much respected friend from the State of
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] suggests that I am im-
pressed with too deep a sense of the importance of
an increased Army in the present emergency. I
will only restate what I have stated before. It does
not seem to me unreasonable to suppose that this
great empire, extending now from the Atlantic
coast, with fortifications there on every hill, which
overlooks a port, with garrisons stretched across,
on two or three lines, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean, with the Indian population gathered
into compact bodies, and pressed to the point of
starvation, is to be maintained so as to preserve
peace on the frontiers and in our provincial or ter-
ritorial settlements, without a force of seventeen
thousand, or eighteen thousand, or twenty thou-
sand men, under any circumstances. I am pre-
pared to expect that the Army of the United States
must increase with the removal of the borders of
the United States in every direction; and lam pre-
pared to see those borders continually extending—
I mean the borders of settlement. I suppose the
Army to be adequate to the present emergencies,
except for the urgent difficulties that have arisen
in the Territory of Utah; and it is with reference
to this, and this alone, that I am willing to in-
crease the armed force of the United States, and
to increase it so far as may be necessary for that
purpose.
When I present this as my single reason for
favoring this bill, lam told by my excellent friend
from Maine, that the Government does not put its
proposition on this ground, and that therefore we
have no official evidences of an exigency exist-
ing in the Territory of Utah which would require
this increase of the Army. I must admit that he
speaks with much reason; but the sources of in-
formation are open to us, as well as open to the
official organs of the Government—the Executive
Departments. If the Secretary of War, if the
whole Cabinet, were to tell me that there is no
danger of disturbance, no danger of resistance,
no danger of civil war in Utah, I would not believe
one woid that they should tell me, because I must
judge from the facts which I know. The facts
which I know are simply these: that a leprous
band of foreigners are concentrated in a valley in
the center of this continent; that they, having
been unwisely favored by the Government of the
United States with the appointment of their own
officers and the making of their own laws, and
the administration oftheir own laws, and the ex-
ecution of their judgments till they have come
to regard themselves as independent in their isola-
tion and to defy the Government, are now found
in combination with the Indian tribes by whom
they are surrounded, and that the lives and the
property of emigrants passing upon the highway
across which they are located, between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific, are exposed to depredations which
are committed by them with the aid of the Indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks for a moment. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to call the attention of the
Senate to an older special order set for this hour.
Mr. STUART. It is very necessary to proceed
with this bill, and it certainly is due to the Sena-
tor from New York that he should have an oppor-
tunity to continue his remarks now. I therefore
move to postpone, until to-morrow, all prior or-
ders for the purpose of continuing the considera-
tion of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Now, Mr. President, we are
told that notwithstanding these indications of a
hostile nature on the part of that people, still
there may bo no collision. I agree to that. I
trust there will be no collision; I am prepared to
go further and say that there will be no collision,
that there will be no outbreak, that there will be
no civil war; but it is upon one condition, and that
is that an armed demonstration, which has now
become necessary, and which, whether necessary
or not, has been adopted by the Administration
and is in the course of execution, shall be made
so imposing as to command respect and to extort
obedience. Therefore it is that, with a view to
save life, with a view to save the public peace, and
with a view to bring the Territory of Utah into
submission to the authorities of the land without
bloodshed, I favor the increase of force which is to
be sent there, and for no other reason. I would
have it continue only so long as is necessary for
that purpose.
I am told that these Mormons will not fight;
and I know that it is not until after a long time
■ that any community makes up its mind to defy
an imperial power like this; but, sir, these Mor-
mons are exceptional, in the first place. They
have done nothing but fight from the beginning.
They are an armed and military sect, a supersti-
tious sect, and war is an element oftheir progress.
They fought themselves out of the State of New
York, when they were but a handful of men, into
Ohio. They wrangled themselves out of Ohio
into Missouri. Civil war grew up around them
in Missouri, and they fought their way into Illi-
nois, and established themselves at Nativoo,.and
a civil war attended their exit from Nauvoo to
the Salt Lake. They are worthless for any other
purpose but to fight. Their religion makes them
fighting men; for it is a religion which can submit
to no exvil authority that is administered orexer-
cised over them by a Christian people. It is a
religion which gives license, in the name of gov-
ernment and God, to the indulgence of the basest
propensity of human nature. I never yet have,
read, I never yet have heard, I never yet have
seerr, any superstition of this kind that did not
take in, as its weapon forproselytism, the sword.
Sir, the worst that can come of all this is, that
I shall have committed an error; I shall have con-
sented that the Government of the United States
shall employ an additional force of five or six
thousand men for this ocoasion. It will be a safe
error, whatever may happen. If my proposition
shall be adopted, as I trust it will, it will be guarded
by a stipulation that the additional force shall be
disbanded as soon as order is restored in Utah.
To those who may object to that, I have but a
single argument to urge in favor of the proposi-
tion. If there shall be a necessity, Congress will
then be able to continue the force. If, on the other
hand, my apprehensions are right in regard to the
disturbances in Utah, and their probable course
and development, then I shall feel that, whatever
responsibility may rest upon me for errors of judg-
ment here, there will not rest on me the respons-
ibility of having left, by my own act or default
or neglect, a single citizen of the United States to
suffer violence at the hands of this belligerent peo-
ple for want of the necessary supplies of troops
and money, to compel them to respect the author-
ities under which we live, and forbear frorc* cruelty
upon the citizens of the Government which has
fostered and protected them.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is with great
reluctance that I throw myself on the indulgence
of the Senate for a few moments; for I had hoped
not again to feel the necessity of trespassing on
the patience of the Senate; but I am impelled by
a sense of (3uty to say a word or two, after the re-
marks which nave fallen from the Senator from
New York. He will not deem me unkind, if I say
that I have listened with extreme pain and disap-
pointment and mortification to the speech whiGh
he has made—a pain equal to that with which I
heard thegreatstatesman ofNew England, Daniel
Webster, some eight years ago, with the. ripe
honors of nearly three score and ten years, bring
himself and his fame and his reputation, and lay
them down as an offering at the footstool of the
slave power, to find himself used and spurned af-
terwards. This is no question of detail, no mat-
ter of unimportant legislation; but it is a deep,
vital, fundamental question that must divide the
people of this country, and must rally the friends
of free, independent, and liberal government on
the one side, and the supporters of power on the
other. Sir, the question of increasing the military
power has been a question which has divided the
friends and the opponents of free government in
all times; and as the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] well said, the experience of forty centu-
ries speaks to us, in characters of blood, lessons
of warning upon this great question. Let me say
that the Army which this bill proposes is no small,
no insignificant, no unimportant force. It will, if
completed according to the terms of the bill, be
equal to twenty-five thousand men. Give me a
President disposed to use that military force, in
order to coerce the people of these States to his
purposes, and with the command of the Federal
Treasury, and with the means of concentration
which our multiplied system of railroads and
steamboats furnishes, and he can come like the
lightning of heaven at any moment, with this
concentrated and treinendous power, upon any
State, or upon any portion of the people that he
chooses. -
I do not desire to go to the Departments; I do
not-wish to go to the Secretary of War, or to the
President, or to anybody else, to tell me what he
wants with this Army. Here I will do all credit
to the distinguished gentleman who has charge of
the bill, the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, [Mr. Davis.] He tells us it is not
for Utah; it is for no pressing emergency; it is for
nothing of to-day; it is not to be used to meet the
dangers which now environ us, and then to be laid
aside; but he wants it for a permanent increase of
