1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
this increase of pay would compensate for such " extra"
services as had previously been separately charged for.
Your committee is not aware that any lieutenant com-
manding has ever received any evtra allowance for attend-
ing to the duties of purser on board of his vessel; and when
the memonahsttook command of the Dolphin, both the law
and the practice of the Department under it were in opera-
tion.
But in addition to the act just cited, the Army appropria-
tion act of August 23, 1842, directing that—
" No officer of any branch of the public service shall re-
ceive any additional pay, extra allowance, or compensation,
in any form whatever, for the disbursement of public
money, or any other m:i vice or duty whatsoever, unless ihe
same shall be authorized by law, and the appropriation
therefor e vphcitly set forth that it is for such additional pay,
extra allowance, or compensation."
The twelfth section of the act of the si6th August, 1842,
is in these words:
" No allowance or compensation shall be made to any
clerk or other officer by reason of the discharge of duties
which belong to any other clerk or officer in the same or any
other department, and no allowance shall be made for any
extra services whatever, which any clerk or other officer
may be required to perform."
The third section of the act of 3d March, 1839, is in these
words:
" No officer in any branch of the public service, or any
other person whose salaries or whose pay or emoluments
is or are fixed by law and regulations, shall receive any
extra allowance or compensation, m any form whatever,
for the disbursement of public money, or the performance
of anyservice, unless the said extra allowance or compen-
sation be authorized by law."—Statutes at Large, vol. 5,
page 349.
The act of 30th September, 1840, (United States Statutes
at Large, volume—, pages 54*2-43,) declares that "here-
after the proper accounting officers of the Treasury, or other
pay officers of the United States, shall in no case allow any
pay to one individual the salaries of two different offices on
accountof having perfomied theduties thereof at the same
time. But this prohibition shall not extend to the superin-
tendents of the executive buildings."
The design of the legitimate construction of these acts
cannot admit of a doubt.
But the memorialist claims that he held two distinct of-
fices, and exercised the duties of both, and is entitled to
receive the pay of both; and he submits an extract from a
decision of Chief Justice Taney, delivered in the case of
" The United States us. Joseph White," in the circuit court,
Maryland district, 1851, and also extracts from an opinion
of Attorney General Crittenden, J unc 7,1851, in support of
his claim.
It is evident to your committee that the memorialist did
not hold two distinct offices. The duties of a purser on
board of small vessels like the Dolphin were incident to
those of commander, and compensation, in lieu of a distinct
and separate allowance for them, had previously been made
bylaw. That such incidental services afford no foundation
for a claim for extra compensation was evidently the opin-
ion of the chief justice ui the case cited. He bays ;
"A Navy agent, therefore, (and the principle is equally
applicable to any other officer,) is not entitled to compen-
sation beyond his salary as fixed by law for any extra ser-
vices, although such services may be out of the district for
which he is appointed, and may more properly appertain to
the duties of another Navy agent, or even to an officer of the
Government filling an office of a different character.• His
salary is the only compensation for services required of him
and performed by him lfheholds no other office or appoint-
ment."
The memorialist was not a purser; he pretends no ap-
pointment as purser; the duties of purser were incident to
the command of the Dolphin ; and they were discharged by
" an officer of the Government filling an office of a different
character
The memorialist is not entitled, m the judgment of your
committee, to the relief he claims. He alleges that, in the
preparation of his accounts, in the various forms requiied
by the practice of the accounting officers ot the Tieasury,
he expended about seventy-five dollars. A reasonable al-
lowance should be made for this expenditure. A naval of-
ficer cannot be presumed to be conversant with the accu-
rate details so necessary in the preparation and adjustment
of long standing accounts beyond the sphere of his ordinary
and legitimate duties; and your committee repoit a bill for
the relief of the memorialist to this extent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have no doubt
in the world, from the reading of the report, that
the bill ought to be passed. I think the evidence
to estahlish the claim is amply sufficient.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the bill (S. No. 159)
for the relief of Commander Thomas J. Page, of
the United States Navy, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It will be a direction to the accounting officers
of the Treasury to allow to Commander Page, in
the adjustment of his accounts as purser of the
United States steamer Water Witch, credit for
certain suspended items of accounts, not to ex-
ceed the sum of #354 46.
In addition to the duties of commander of the
ship, he was ordered to perform those of purser,
though he expressly requested to be relieved from
them, because of his want of familiarity with them
and with accounts generally. He was not even
allowed a clerk by the Department. The extent of
country to be explored, both by land and water,
necessarily involved, at various tim^s, not only a
separation of portions of the officers and " ship's
company" from the vessel, but also made it neces-
sary that the petitioner himself should be absent for
periods of from one to six months. If he had re-
mained on board, to attend m person to the duties
of purser, he could not have properly discharged,
under his instructions, the more important duties
of the expedition, and, in obeying his instructions,
he was necessarily compelled to intrust to others
not only the command of the vessel, but the dis-
charge of the purser's duties also. Prom the di-
versified character of the duties thus devolved
upon him, it necessarily followed that the ac-
counts rendered were very numerous. Notwith-
standing this, there is not the expenditure of the
smallest amount of money whicn has not been
fully accounted for, nor a bill contracted which
has not been recognized as made under the au-
thority of his instructions.
The losses incurred, and for which he is held
responsible, arise from payments made to sailors
who deserted from the vessel in debt to the Gov-
ernment; from errors made by the purser's stew-
ard (on whom he was compelled greatly to rely)
in the calculation of the sailors' terms of service;
from errors in a bill of exchange; from errors
made by the steward in the calculations, &c.
During the three years and five months the peti-
tioner disbursed $112,000 in money, and about
$10,000 in provisions and clothing. The whole
has been faithfully accounted for. The money
for which he is held responsible was not spent
contrary to law, but through ignorance, in part,
of regulations with which he could not have been
supposed to be familiar, inasmuch as they did not
relate to his duties proper, and he knew nothing
of their existence, and, in part, through errors of
the steward, in whom, as above stated, he was
necessarily obliged to confide much in the calcu-
lation of accounts. The statements of the peti-
tioner are fully sustained by his oath, and also
by the certificate of Lieutenant William N. Jef-
fers, one of the officers on the expedition. The
items disallowed amount to $354 46; and, under
the circumstances of the case, the Naval Commit-
tee, satisfied that Commander Page acted faith-
fully and with his best abilities for the public in-
terest, think he should have those credits allowed
in the adjustment of his accounts.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ENROLLMENT OP VESSELS.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 127) to repeal
the fifth section of an act entitled " An act to au-
thorize the register or enrollment and license to
be issued in the name of the president or secretary
of any incorporated company owning a steamboat
or vessel," approved March 3,1825, have directed
me to report the bill back without amendment,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to have that bill
passed.
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection. It is a bill
in which the Senator is interested.
Mr. SEWARD. The registry act obliges small
canal boats that come down the Pennsylvania coal
canal and the Erie canal of New York to be regis-
tered, and it requires an oath to he taken, and that
oath is prescribed in such language that the canal
companies cannot register their vessels without
swearing not only that they belong to them, and
that no officer or director is a foreigner, but that
no stockholder in the company is a foreigner.
The bill is simply to remove that latter difficulty.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Private Calendar,
and take up the bills to which there shall be no
objection. If any objection be urg^d to any bill
which shall be reached on the Calendar, let that
bill go over until to-morrow. In this way wemay
get rid of a good many bills on the Private Calen-
dar to which there is no objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I interpose no objection to
that; but before that motion is put, I hope the
Senator will allow me to call up a little bill in re-
lation to regulating boats at custom-houses, which
is connected somewhat with the bill that has just
been passed.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it likely to give rise to dis-
cussion ?
Mr. HAMLIN. It will not occupy three min-
utes, I am sure.
Mr. IVERSON. X yield.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 247) to amend an act entitled "An act for
enrolling and licensing ships or vessels to be em-
ployed in the coasting trade and fisheries, and for
regulating the same," passed February 18, 1793.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to amend section thirty-seven of the
act of February 18, 1793, so as to read:
" That nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to
any boat or lighter not being masted, or if masted and not
decked, 'employed on any of the nvers or canals or in the
harbor of any town or city."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSON". I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of such bills on the Pri-
vate Calendar as shall not give rise to debate.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH CHASE AND OTHERS. *
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 78) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to issue land warrants to Joseph Chase, James
Young, and Alexander Keef.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to issue to Joseph Chase, James Young, and
Alexander Keef, of the State of Rhode Island,
respectively, a land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, in consideration of their de-
tention as prisoners in the Dartmoor prison during
a portion of the years 1814 and 1815.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JANE SMITH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 87) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Jane Smith, of the county of Clermont, State
of Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. Let it lie over.
LUCINDA ROBINSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 88) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Lucinda Robinson, of the county of Orleans,
State of Vermont.
Mr. PUGH. That involves the same ques-
tion as the preceding bill. Let it lie over.
GEORGE ASHLEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 89) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of George Ashley, administrator de bonis nan of
Samuel Holgate, deceased.
Mr. IVERSON. That bill was objected to
when it was up before. It had better go over.
JOHN ERICSSON.
The next was the bill (S. No. 90) from the
Couit of Claims, for the relief uf John Ericsson.
Mr. SLIDELL. Lot that go over.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
The next was the bill (S. No. 26) to provide for
the examination and pay men t of certain claims
of citizens of Georgia and Alabama on account of
losses sustained by depredations of the Creek In-
dians.
Mr. HALE. Let that go over.
NAHUM WARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 93) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Nahum Ward, which was reported adversely
from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. Let that bill go over.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY".
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 30) for the relief of Elizabeth Montgomery,
heir of Hush Montgomery.
Mr. CLAY. 1 must object to considering that
; bin.
