520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the standing Army of this country. The use to
which this standing Army is to be put isexempli-
fied by the use which is now made of it in the Terri-
tory of Kansas. Two thousand five hundred troops
are kept tiiere; and the honorable Senator from
New York says he would not vote for an increase
if he thought they would be sent there. Sir, if I
may be indulged in quoting a remark of a very
illustrious and a very distinguished patriot and
orator of the Revolution, I would say that I have
no light to guide my path except that of experi-
ence; and the experience of the past year, the'ex-
perienee of the present moment, tells me to what
uses the Army is to be put.
Here let me say, that while that most danger-
ous, that most fallacious, that most monstrous
doctrine which has lately been broached and prac-
ticed upon by the Executive of this country, that
under the general power to see the laws faithfully
executed, he has a right to call out at his will the
Army and the Navy, under the name of a posse;
while that doctrine is proclaimed arid actcd upon,
it is not a time for me, however it may be for
others, to strengthen the hands of a man who is
disposed to use it for such purposes and on such
authority. I deny here, utterly and totally and
forever, that he has any such right; and I say that
it is a usurpation, a "dangerous, an alarming, a
fatal one—one that if it be tolerated by this Gov-
ernment, will bury our liberties beyond the reach
of resurrection. No, sir; we cannot stand it.
There is not a crowned head in Europe that would
desire a greater power over the standing army of
his realm than to make him the guardian to see
that the laws are faithfully executed, and under
that grant to have power to call in the army to do
it Sir#«is it a time for me; is it a time for my
friends, is it a time for the distinguished Senator
from New York, upon whom the eyes and the
hearts of the friends of liberty have centered and
clustered, when such dangerous, and fatal, and
damnable doctrines are proclaimed and practiced
upon by the Executive of the United States, to
vote seven thousand extra men to him? No, sir;
it is not for me, however it may be for,others.
The honorable Senator refers to the experience
of two years ago, when the Government was
brought to a dead lock, and when, he says, we
were not so strong as wc are now. We were not
then so strong on this floor as we are now; but
we are not so strong now but that our strength is
weakness; for we are but a third of this body,
with a majority of two thirds against us; and wc
were stronger then in the House of Representa-
tives thon we are to-day by a very considerable
number. What was the result of that dead lock?
Why the President said it was his duty to see
that the laws were faithfully executed, and he
issued his proclamation immediately, called Con-
gress together, and kept them until they became
subservient to his purposes. That is the history
of that dead lock, and I do not doubt the Presi-
dent would like such another, with the same re-
sult.
In the history of my political life, I have seen
a time when I stood isolitary and alone the rcpie-
sentative of the views? which I entertain. X have
looked with joy, with gladness, with gratitude to
the increasing hosts that have rallied around our
banner in the free States, until the Democratic
party has been stricken down in the large ma-
jority of them. I have seen these accretions made
to our ranks with gratitude, but I have seen also
the accretions of other men coming to our ranks,
who might have relieved me from a position which
I occupied with reluctance, and that was to be the
representative of this party, when it was nothing
but a sentiment, and political power was not even
among its dreams. But, sir, when a new star is
dawning; when light is beaming m upon us; when
one parly has been shattered so that its history
may be written as among the things of the past,
and when from its ruins and its wrecks we were
building up a new fortress to storm the battle-
ments of the heretofore impregnable Democracy
—at such a'time as this, ;itdoes fill my heart with
pain and my mind with fearful apprehensions,
when I see any one upon whom I have looked
with the hope that he mi^rht lead great hosts to
the consummation of their hopes and their wishes,
haLting upon a question w'hich, in my humble ap-
prehension, is fundamental, vital, and character-
izes the whole controversy.
We.must come to an issue on this subject. The
history of the republics that have lived and gone
down is full of warning on this subject. Weare
apt to boast of what we are, and of what we have
done, and to look back on our history with ex-
ultation and pride. Why, sir, we are not yet one
hundred years old. The Republic of Rome lived
more than six hundred years, strong, conquering
the world, and adding new kingdoms to her ter-
ritory; but she at last fell, and her liberties per-
ished under the insidious policy which converted
her into a great military power; until, at last, the
imperial crown was setup at auction, and knocked
off to the highest bidder frefm the walls of the
Praetorian camp.
I confess that upon this subject I have very
deep feelings; for, if the party with whom I act,
the party with whom are my hopes and my ex-
pectations, do not take ground on this subject,
firm and decided ground, against the increase of
the military power of this Government, they will
go down, and they ought to go down, and my
humble voicc and my humble services shall be
found rallying the people to set the seal of their
condemnation on a party with great professions
and high principles, but, in my humble judgment,
wanting in the carrying out of those measures
which their policy and principles should dictate.
If I had supposed that I should speak on this
subject to-day, I should have referred to an au-
thority, and I should have had the author by
me. I was reading it not long ago, an ancient
history, in which, speaking of the final destiuc-
tion of the Roman Empire, the author said that
whenever the people began to get turbulent, when-
ever there began to be danger to the agrarian law
being carried, or any great measure of popular
liberty indicated, it was the favorite policy of the
aristocracy to get up a foreign war;" for," said the
historian, "in war the State is strong and factions
weak." 1 believe it is just exactly that policy
which dictated a foreign war whenever public
liberty was in danger of being vindicated in an-
cient Rome, that dictates this Utah war now.
Let me ask, if I must go to that, where is the
evidence that the affairs in Utah are more threaten-
ing now than they were when President Pierce
appointed Rrigham Young Governor? Are their
sentiments any more leprous, or their practices
any more abominable now, than they were then ?
Not that I know of. I have seen no evidence
that their depravity or their principles have made
progress since that time, and I am utterly at a
loss, if this is an army to go to Utah, to know
of any reason or any fact which would justify
sending an army to Utah, when there is not, so
far os I am advised, any difference in the state of
affairs now from what there was when they were
basking m the sunshine nf executive favor.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him what is the date at which President
Piercc appointed Brigham Young, Governor of
Utah.
Mr. HALE. He was appointed by President
Fillmore.
Mr. DAVIS. You said President Pierce.
Mr. HALE. Wei!, he continued linn.
Mr. DAVIS. Ah!
Mr. HALE. He continued him in office.
Mr. DAVIS, lie did not remove him.
Mr. HALE. Well, he did not remove him,
but he kept him in, just in the same way that he
kept in all his Federal officers. I am obliged to
the Senator from Mississippi for correcting me;
because when he makes such a very slight cor-
rection as that, it shows he 3s watching me
closely, and sees that I am very corrcct,[laughter,]
and need only that slight eoireetion. The state
of affairs there, so far as I am advised, is no dif-
ferent now from what it was then.
The honorable Senator from Now York—I
know he will not misinterpret what I am saying
—says that if he errs it will be a safe error. I
should like to make a very small addition there,
and let it read "unsafe," and I shall then agree
with him entirely. It is an unsafe error. It is
an error that I fear cannot be retrieved. Forsev-
eial years past we have been marching in the path
of increasing our Army; and it is avowed here on
this floor, that this bill provides for a permanent
increase. X see no backward steps. I am like
the cautious animal who, when he was reproachcd
for not going into the sick lion's den to pay his
respects to the monarch, said he would have gone
in, but, as he looked around to see the tracks, he
found that they were all going in and none coming
out. So it is with the increases of the Army;
i all the measures are for increasing and none for
decreasing it; they are all one way; and I feel
called upon to take my stand here, and say I will
not vote another man or another dollar, to in-
crease the expenses of the Army.
The honorable Senator suggests another thing
which, it seems to me, has an infirmity about it
which does not often attach to suggestions or ar-
guments that come from his lips. He says we
will give them this army, and then we shall have
the power over them, because we will not pay
them if we are not satisfied*with the uses to which
they are put; or we can refuse the pay. So we
can; but we can refuse the men much easier. The
argument is a great deal stronger for refusing the
men,than itwill bo for refusing the pay after you
have granted the men. If we are going to exer-
cise that wholesome control over the Executive,
which in theory belongs to this body and the
body at the other end of the Capitol, here is the
place, and now is the time to stop.
If things were twice as threatening as the hon-
orable Senator thinks they are in Utah, let me
ask you if we have not an Army more than four
times sufficient for all the emergencies? I have
heard it said by those who pretend to know, and
who, I think, do know, that five thousand men
will be as many as you can possibly use in Utah,
even if there shalfbe a necessity for them, which
i« not conceded. We have an Army now capable
of being filled up to eighteen thousand men, and,
I am told, practically, it is fifteen thousand at this
moment. I do not know the necessity of increas-
ing the force beyond that, when they will not want
one third of that force to put down the troubles in
Utah.
Nor am I disposed to make very great drafts on
my confidence in behalf of the manner in which
this affair has been managed thus far, from the
accounts which I have read, and which purport
to be official accounts of the manner in which the
force, that is now on its way to Utah, has been
precipitated there. Utterly regardless, if you are
to believe the accounts which have come to us, of
any single suggestion, not only of military fore-
sight, but of common prudence; you have sent
your men there to suffer their beasts to die, and
expose them to the inclemencies of the winter
where they are locked up m the mountains. I
think half the animals sent out with them died
from mere starvation and the effects of cold. If
this was a bill to furnish the Executive with pru-
dence and discretion, I would vote liberal appro-
priations; but it being a bill to increase the mili-
tary force at a time when I think the friends of
liberty should be jealous of increasing it; and it
being at a time when, if the accounts that we road
be true, there has not been such conduct displayed
as should entitle them to our confidence, I shall
vote against it.
For these and many other reasons I am utterly
opposed to the bill. Opposed as I am to it, I
should not have said a word if there was not dan-
ger, from the position which the distinguished
Senator from New York occupies, and justly oc-
cupies, in the public estimation, that the words
which fell from his oracular lips might be sup-
posed to compromit or compromise feebler and
humbler men who sit at his feet. But for that, I
should not have ventured thus openly before the
Senate and the country to dissent from what he
has said; but looking upon it as I do as a very
dangerous error, and one which I am ill prepared
to have go out under the sanction of his name un-
challenged, I have deemed it my duty in all the
kindness that I entertain for him, and all the pro-
found respect that I feel for him, thus publicly to
differ from him on a question which I consider
vital and fundamental to the dearest and best in-
terests of the country.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I certainly
shall not complain of my honorable friend from
New Hampshire, or regard it as any unkindness
that he has presented this subject in a manner
which makes an issue between him and myself,
or between me and others with whom I am ac-
customed to act in the country. I know his gen-
erosity; I know his independence; I know his
spirit; and I know his devotion to the great prin-
ciples which arc common to us all. So far from
complaining of it, I give him my thanks with all
my heart. I never yet have seen.the time when I
