2630
Bright, Broderiek, Brown, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden,
Davis, Douglas, Durkee, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Hayne, Hous-
ton, Jolmson'of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, King,Pearce,
Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameion, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Fessenden,Foot, Foster, Green, Gwm,Ha!e, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hunter,Iver&on, Johnson of Aikansas, Mason,
Pugh, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the resolution directing a recess was re-
scinded.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announcing
that the Speaker had signed a joint resolution au-
thorizing Commander M. F. Maury to accept a
gold medal awarded to him by the Emperor of
Austria; and it was signed by the Vice President.
MEXICAN PROTECTORATE.
Mr. HOUSTON, I rise for the purpose of
moving to take up the resolution I introduced
some time since in relation to a protectorate over
Mexico. In doing so I have a very few remarks
to make, and I hope the Senate will consider them
in the light in which I intend to present them.
The introduction of my resolution was in all
good faith and sincerity, believing that the neces-
sities of Mexico were such, in connection with
the frontier of the United States, and particularly
the State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, that it was a duty upon me to initiate some
measure on the subject. I saw that the disor-
ganized situation of Mexico was well calculated
to invite aggression from surrounding countries,
•and to provoke aspiring sphits and men who
were disposed to depredate and maraud upon a
feeble nation. This induced me to present the
resolution for the consideration of the Senate of
the United States. As I have said, it was done
in all good faith, believing that it was a subject ;
to which the attention of the nation ought to
be called, both in justice to its relations to, and the
distracted condition of, Mexico. It has met with
disfavor in this body, I grant you, for which I
have no reflections to make; but that does not
impair my opinion as to the necessity of a pro-
tectorate, or at least of some action on the part j
of this Government,
Mr. President, we are apprised of the fact that
persons are now making incursions into the Re-
public of Mexico, which, in its defenseless san-
ation, is unable to iepcl Uhmii. Depredations, vio-
lence, and wron<£,wiil pervade the whole frontier
unless some interposition is had. Even the moiul
effect of taking the subject under consideration by
this body would deter adventurers from going to
prey on Mexico. If it were known that the eye
of the United States was placed on them, persons
would abstain, who would be stimulated to ag-
gression if you withhold all expression of opin-
ion that it is necessary for the United States to
look to that country. If you do nothing, the
tendency will be to encourage more adventurers in
continual enterpi ises of wrong and lobbery upon
the inhabitants. Moreover, it is impossible to re-
strain the Indians from attacking the defenseless
Mexicans; and, when you superadd the maraud-
ing parties actually invading that country, what
must their condition be? It was sufficiently de-
plorable before, but now it is rendered intoleia-
ulc.
Mr. President, if you do not take it into con-
sideration, and refer the subject fur investigation
to have it looked into and reported upon by a com-
mittee of this body, or by some branch of this
Government, you may rely upon it that things
will become worse from day to day; and not only
that, but if this nation, to whom the proposition
has been presented in all good faith and sincerity,
does not think proper to act in the matter, men
who may have power to accomplish something,
feeling stimulated by motives of humanity, may
undertake such an enterprise, the necessity of
which,they would deprecate if the Government
would only consider it in a proper point of view.
1 should not feel myself restiamed at any age to
interpose in behalf of humanity, and to arrest the
cruelties on, and to stop the murders? of, a de-
fenseless people. It is a duty clue to humanity;
and if this nation will not exercise the functions
of fraternity to a neighboring nation to whom
they arc under treaty obligations, and individuals
should step forth who are willing to give their
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June %
lives and their blood to redeem a people from
thralldom and anarchy, they will not deserve the
opprobrious epithet of filiibusters, who invade a
country for the purpose of depredating, robbing,
and committing sacrilege, antl burning cities. Sir,
any citizen of the United States who can accom-
plish in this respect what the Government with-
holds its power from doing, or even regarding
with a proper consideration, will be vindicated
against the charge of marauding or fillibustenng.
It is with this view I announce to the Senate
that I wish for an expression of this body, to say
whether they will considsr the subject, or will
leave Mexico to float on in its downward course
to rum, or to a cataract that awaits it—to that
gulf from which nothing can extricate it. T do
hope that I shall at least be allowed to receive an
expression of the Senate, by yeas and nays, on
taking up the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the question bo taken on
taking it up; and if we decide against it, 1 hope
the Senator will consider that conclusive.
Mr. HOUSTON. X will, if I get the yeas and
nays.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to say that I hope
the resolution will be taken up, and made the
special order of the day at tho same time with the
resolutions of the Senator fium Virginia. They
seem to be intimately connected, and I hope they
will be considered at the same time.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 only wish to refer the sub-
ject to a special committee, as indicated m the
resolution. A report cannot be made on it at the
present session; but in the interval developments
may be made, and we may have tho means of
acquiring information more satisfactory to this
body.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1G, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Cliii?MMii,Ojittenilfn, Fitch. Hale, Hons-
ton, .Johnson ol Ten ne^see, Mall my. Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sim-
mons. SI idol I. Siua« t, Toomb-, Ti unibull, ami Wade —16.
NAVS-M"^h Benjamin, l.igler, Biodeiick, Hiown.
Cameion, Claik, Clav, Colhunei, l)avn, Di\on. Doimla-,
DurUee, Fe.-^cnden, Foot, Foster, Gteen, Hamlin, Ham-
mond, Harlan, Hunter, Ivei-^on, Jones, Kennedy, King,
Mason. I'earee, R-ud, fVhJMinn, Scwaid, Thompson ot
Kentucky, Wils-on, Wright, and Ynlee—JJ2.
So the Senate refused to consider the resolution.
STATUE,OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. PEARCTC a^ked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to inttoduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 50) authorizing the President to designate
a site for the (jquestnan statue of Washington, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. P1CARCE. I ask the Senate to put the
joint resolution on its passage at once. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which authorizes the President
to causc the equestrian statue of George Wash-
ington, contracted for with Clark Mills, to be
placed in the grounds north of the executive man-
sion; and also, to remove the statue of Thomas
Jefferson to such other place in the publicgrounds
as he shall think suitable.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
STEPHEN K. ROWAN.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint lesolution (S.
No. 49) to correct an error in the act for the re-
lief of Stephen R. Rowan, approved June 1,1858;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senate will indulge me in
passing the resolution at once. In a bill we passed
afew days ago there was a mistake; <! 1856" was
inserted in place of " 1857;" and this is merely
to remedy that defect. There can be no objection
to the resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution which directs the act for the
relief of Stephen R. Rowan, approved June 1,
1858, be So corrected as to read as follows:
u That the attoi ncy ot' the United States of America for
the poutliein district of Illinois be, and lie is hf'ieb\; au-
thomed and duected to outei satisfaction of a judgment
lendei ed by the distinst court of the United States foi the
said .-outhein dtstuct of lilinoi-, at its June term, A.
1857, in favor of tho United States of America against Ste-
phen R. llowan, on his paying all the costs m said case."
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the thud time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
200) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1859.
Mr. BROWN. I move an amendment, to come
in after line two hundred and six. I report it from
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON ofTennessee. I thought there
was an amendment not acted upon last night when
we adjourned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator from Tennessee sub-
mitted an amendment, which was rejected by the
Senate before the adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But I submit-
ted three propositions.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator can only offer one
at a time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee submitted m form only one prop-
osition. The Senator from Mississippi proposes
the following amendment:
Foi painting the hand latis and iron work of said biidge
$100 ; and the bridge hereby p'acod under the protection
of Georgetown, with powei to i emulate the sp"ed of travel,
and the parage of diove.s of cattle over the same, but no
toll- shall bo charged.
Mr. BROWN. This relates to the Little Falls
bridge, which was built at a cost of $108,000 to
the Government. Jt has been paid for, but a por-
tion of the wood work, and all the iron work is
without paint, and it is liable to rust and decay.
The sum is a very small one. The Government
has no one to take charge of it, and therefore the
latter part of the? proposition, in the judgment of
the committee, was necessary, to give some sort
of protection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I am instructed by tho Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it, further enacted, That the «a!aiv of the surveyor
gonoial of Wellington Tct ritoiy shall be .$3,500 a year Irom
the commencement of the present fiscal year; and tiieie is
hereby appropnated so much as may be requisite for that
purpose.
In 1855, while the appropriation bill was pend-
ing, the salary of the surveyor general of Wash-
ington Territoty was $3,500, and a motion was
made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
I think, to increase khre salary of the surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico to #4,000. Then an amend-
ment was put on to apply that to the surveyor
general of Washington. The amendment to the
amendment prevailed, but the original amendment
did not, and thus the surveyor general of Wash-
ington, instead of having ins salary increased,
got it reduced, which was not the intention of the
mover at all. The matter is explained in a letter
of the Delegate of the Territory. This proposi-
tion restores tho salary to what it was before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment
from the Committee on Military Affairs:
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, to wit: For
miscellaneous items, &5,50t).
The object of the amendment is to cover the
expense incurred in the mileage and per diem of
witnesses summoned before the committee of in-
vestigation into the sale of military reserves in the
vicinity of Fort Crawford.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to offer an additional
section:
Ami be it further enacted, That in all cases of judgment
nnd decreed, in anj teintonal court of the United States,
now rendered, oi hereafter to be rendered, and fiom which
there nnjjlit he aunt of en or or appeal to the Supreme
Court ot the United States, there may be pro-enured such
' I wnt of enor oi appeal within the time and under the oilier
i} rei u icttoiK limited by law, to said Supreme Com t, notwith-
standing -itch Terutoiy may, after such judgment* and de-
cicc-, have been admitted mto the Union a? a State; and
said Si; pi erne Com t -dial I, when the >ame i* decided, duect
the mandate to such com't as the nituie of the writ of eiror
or appeal, in their judgment, may reqmio.
There is an objection that this is incongruous
