568
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ir-
[June 12j
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to ascertain in such way as they may deem best,
the actual value of the ten acres of land hereto-
fore belonging to*the naval hospital estate at
Chelsea, Massachusetts, and ceded by the sixth
section of "An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic service" of the Govern-
ment," approved the third March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, for the purposes of a marine
hospital for the district of Boston and Charles-
town. Ahd the Secretary of the Treasury shall
pay the so"ascertained value of the said ten acres,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the credit of the naval hospital
fund, out of which the original purchase of the
property so ceded was made.
•jV"eio York.—For completing heating apparatus,
and repairs of buildings and fences, thirteen thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.—For gateway and
iron gate on Shippen street, and road from same;
repairs to furnaces, grates, and ranges; painting
main building and lodges; brick floors in gover-
nor's,and surgeon's houses; cleaning and white-
washing; gas tax, water tax, furniture for the
asylum and repairs, and for general repairs, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
For support of beneficiaries at the asylum,
twenty-six thousand three hundred and ninety-
two dollars.
Norfolk.—For repairs of buildings and appur-
tenances, eleven thousand dollars.
Pensacola.—For draining and filling ponds, and
repairs of buildings and grounds, eighteen thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
Magazines:
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several naval
magazines:
Portsmouth,New Hampshire.—For gun-carriage
shop and storehouse, boiler-room, engine and
machinery, and repairs of all kinds, forty-six
thousand six hundred dollars.
Boston.—Forrepairsof all kinds, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
Next) York.—'For dredging channel to Ellis's Isl-
and, and repairs of all kinds, six thousand eight
hundred dollars.
Philadelphia.—For repairs of all kinds, one
thousand dollars.
Norfolk.—To complete ordnance building, con-
tinuation of sea-wall at magazine, and for iron
crane at Fort Norfolk, sixty-one thousand two
hundred and sixty-five dollars.
Pensacola.—For repairs of all kinds, one thou-
sand dollars,
Mare Island, California.—For shell-house, mag-
azine, keeper's house and grounds, tank-house
and filling-room, railway and cars to transport
powder to and from magazine, shot-beds, clean-
ing and piling shot and shells, eleven thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For pay of superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the several
navy-yards and stations, one hundred and thir-
ty-nine thousand two hundred and thirty-two
dollars.
For the purchase of nautical instruments re-
quired for the use of the Navy; for repairs of the
same, and also of astronomical instruments; and
for the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same,
eighteen thousand dollars.
For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydrographical surveys, and astronomical obser-
vations, in addition to the balance on hand, five
thousand dollars.
For continuing the publication of the series of
wind and current charts, and for defraying all the
expenses connected therewith, eighteen thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
salary of Professor James P. Esjjy, two thousand
dollars; the payment to be made in the same man-
ner and under the like control as former appro-
priations for meteorological observations: Pro-
vided, That the employment of a meteorologist,
under the contract of the Secretary of the Navy,
shall cease on and after the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
For models, drawings, and copying; for post-
age, freight, and transportation; for keeping
grounds in order; for fuel and lights; and for all
other contingent expenses, and for the wages of
persons employed at the United States Naval Ob-
servatory and Hydrographical Office, viz: one
instrument maker, two watchmen, and one por-
ter, six thousand one hundred and sixty dollars:
Provided, That the compensation of the watch-
; men employed at the United States Observatory
j and Hydrographical Office shall be the same as
I that paid to-the several watchmen employed in
■ the Executive Departments of the Government.
| For improvement and repairs of buildings and
. grounds, and support of the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, Maryland, forty-five thousand six
hundred and seventy-one dollars and twenty-two
cents.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-six thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
For five steam sloops, authorized by act third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one
million three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay for
the preparation of a code of regulations for the
government of the Navy, as directed in the sev-
enth section of the act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight," approved third March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, three thousand dollars:
Provided, That the provisions of the seventh sec-
tion of the naval appropriation bill approved
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
directing the Secretary of the Navy to have pre-
pared, and to report to Congress at this session
for its approval, a code of regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Navy, and so forth, be extended
to the next session of Congress.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay
the expenses of courts of inquiry to investigate
the cases of certain officers affected by the act
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
to promote the efficiency of the Navy,' "approved
sixteenth January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one hundred and ten thousand dollars.
For completing the publication of the charts of
the late expedition for the exploration of the river
La Plata and its tributaries, five thousand dol-
lars.
That the Superintendent of Public Printing be,
and is hereby, directed to transfer to the Bureau
of Ordnance and Hydrography the plates from
which the illustrations and charts of the late
Japan expedition were printed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, the clerks and messengers at the navy-
yard and marine barracks at Washington, shall
be entitled to receive the compensation author-
ized by the acts of April twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and August fifth,eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, for the payment of which
such sum as may be necessary be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful to enlist boys for service in the United
States marine corps, with the consent of their
parents or guardians, not being under eleven nor
over seventeen years of age, to serve until they
shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years; the
boys so enlisted to receive the same pay, rations,
clothing, and so forth, now received by boys en-
listed in said corps, under the authority of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to de-
fraythe expenses and compensation of acommis-
sioner to the Republic of Paraguay, (should it be
deemed proper by the President to appoint one,)
in execution of the joint resolution of the present
session " for the adjustment of difficulties with
the Republic of Paraguay," ten thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary: Pro-
vided, That the compensation hereby allowed
shall not exceed the rate of seven thousand five
hundred dollars per annum for the time employed.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That all the
steamships of the Navy of the United States now
building, or hereafter to be built, shall be named
by the Secretary of the Navy, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, accord-
ing to the following rule, namely: All those of
forty guns or more shall be considered of the first
class, and shall be called after the States of the
Union; those of twenty guns and under forty shall
be considered as of the second class, and be called
after the rivers and principal towns or cities; and
all those of less than twenty guns shall be the
third class, and named by the Secretary of the
Navy as the President may direct, care being
taken that no two vessels in the Navy shall bear
the same name.
Sec. 6-. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy cause to be constructed, as
speedily as may be consistent with the public in-
terests, seven steam screw sloops-of-war,with full
steam power, whose greatest draught of water
shall not exceed fourteen feet, which ships shall
combine the heaviestarmamentand greatest speed
compatible with their character and tonnage;
and one side-wheel war steamer, whose greatest
draught shall notexceed eight feet, armed and pro-
vided for service in the China seas; and that there
be, and is hereby, appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
for the purpose above specified, the sum of twelve
hundred thousand dollars, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 12,1858.
Chap. CL1V.—An Act making Appropriations
for sundry Civil Expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine,
viz:
Survey of the Coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and
Gulf coast of the United States, (including com-
pensation to superintendent and assistants, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the
Army and Navy, and petty officers and men of
the Navy employed on the work,) two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, one hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (excluding pay and emoluments ofof-
ficers of the Army and Navy, and petty officers
and men of the Navy employed on the work,
forty thousand dollars.
For running a line to connect the triangulation
on the Atlantic coast with that on the Gulf of
Mexico, across the Florida peninsula, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of the Crawford, Madison, Mason,
and George M. Bache, and other sailing vessels
used in the coast survey, ten thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for seven
steamers, used in the hydrography of the coast
survey, no longer supplied by the Navy Depart-
ment, twelve thousand eight hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may
make such allowances to the officers and men of
the Army and Navy, while employed on coast
survey service, for subsistence, in addition to
their compensation, as he may deem necessary,
not exceeding the sum authorized by the Treas-
ury regulation of the eleventh May, eighteen hun-
dred forty-four.
To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Light-House Establishment.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, and lake coasts, viz:
For supplying five hundred and fifty-six light-
houses and beacon lights with oil, glass chim-
neys, wicks, chamois skins, polishing powder,
whiting, and cleaning materials, transportation
and other necessary expenses of the same, re-
pairing and keeping in repair the lighting appa-
ratus, one hundred and thirty-eight thousand
seven hundred and twenty-four dollars and forty-
five cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improvements of all the light-houses and
buildings connected therewith, one hundred and
