1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ,
1607
JAMES BELL.
The next was the bill £S. No. 125) for the relief
of the legal representatives of James Bell, de-
censed; which the Secretary proceeded to read.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the interest allowed in
that case.
The bill was passed over.
JOSE DE LA MAYA ARREDONDO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 126) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Jose de la Maya Arredondo.
It will be a direction to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, to cause to be surveyed
twenty thousand acres of land in Florida, accord-
ing to the calls, boundaries, and description con-
tained in the grant by the Governor of East Flor-
ida, to Jose de la Maya Arredondo, bearing date
March 20, 1817, and referred to in the record and
proceedings of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the United States against Benjamin
Chaires and others,decided at the January term,
183G, and according to the survey of the same
grant made by Joshua A. Coffee, in 1824; and,
upon the return of the survey to the General Land
Office, a patent is to issue to the heirs or legal rep-
resentatives of Arredondo, for any portion of the
land which may, at the time of survey, be found
to be vacant; and for the remainder of the grant,
they are to have the right to enter, in any land of-
fice of the United States, alike quantity of any land
subject to private entry, in parcels conformable to
sectional divisions ana subdivisions.
Mr. STUART. Unless the friends of that bill
are disposed to amend it so as to limit the loca-
tion of the excess to the State of Florida, I shall
object to it. If they will locate the excess in
Florida, where the original grant was, I have no
objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That clearly cannot be ad-
mitted. This is to correct a location, and the
grantees, from equitable considerations, are un-
willing to disturb persons who have received titles
from the Government, and have improved the
land, on condition that they may take land else-
where at $1 25 per acre.
Mr. STUART. I say " elsewhere in Florida."
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; clearly not elsewhere
in Florida.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to the bill.
The bill was laid over.
GEORGE PHELPS.
The bill (S. No. 128) for the relief of George
Phelps was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to George Phelps
of $1,155, in full for extra services performed by
him while acting as messenger in the quartermas-
ter general's office, in December, 1839, to May,
1846.
Mr. HALE. Let the report in that case be
read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Iverson, from the Committee on Claims, on the
8th of February, from which it appeared that the
claim was for night and Sunday work.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Let it lie over.
The bill was laid aside.
JEHU UNDERWOOD.
The bill (S. No. 129) to provide for the final
settlement of the land claim of the heirs of Jehu
Underwood, in Florida, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the claim and title of Jehu Un-
derwood to land in the State of Florida, derived
from the Spanish Government, shall be received
and adjudicated by the judge of the district court
of the northern district of Florida, upon the pe-
tition of the claimants, according to the forms,
rules, and regulations prescribed to thejudge and
to the claimants by former acts of Congress in
similar claims made and provided, and inthesame
manner, in every respect it would have been re-
ceived and adjudicated lfthe claim had been heie-
tofore presented in the superior court of the Terri-
tory of Florida, within the time prescribed by
the several acts of Congress for presenting such
claims therein for confirmation; and lfitbe found
valid, the district court, is to enforce its location
upon the same rules and regulations as have been
exercised towards other mill grants in Florida.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time and passed.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 14, noes 11; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 15, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. C. C. Meador.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WHITELEY. I desire to state that,
having paired off on Thursday last with the Hon.
Mr. Dick, of Pennsylvania, until Tuesday, that
gentleman had a perfect right to vote yesterday;
and further, that it was impossible' for me to be
in attendance yesterday. I would also state that
had I been here I would have voted in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman from'Indiana
[Mr. English] for a committee of conference in
regard to the bill for the admission of Kansas.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. HiCKEY,its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that that body had passed an act (H. R. No. 210)
for the relief of the legal representatives or as-
signees of James Lawrence, without amendment;
and also, thatithad passed an act (H. R. No. 6)
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House; and also, that it had passed a bill
(S. No. 204) to provide for issuing patents in cer-
tain cases where grants of the public lands have
been or may be made to States by Congress, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
SCIENTIFIC SURVEY OF BOSTON HARBOR.
Mr. COM1NS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, in reference to the scientific survey of
Boston harbor; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now ask for the regular
order of business. I hope that, as both Houses
have resolved to adjourn at an early day, the
committees will be called for reports.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports. Reports
are in order from the Committee of Claims.
WILLIAM TURVIN's HEIRS.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with an amendment, a bill
for the relief of the heirs of William Turvrn, de-
ceased; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the amendment and
report, ordered to be printed.
DINAH MINIS.
Mr. MAYNARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Dinah Minis;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
FERDINAND O. MILLER.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Dr. Ferdinand O.
Miller; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
On motion of Mr. GOODWIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee oil Commerce be discharged
from the furtbe! eunsider.ition of the petition ofiCatherine
Kincade, and that the '■aiiie bo referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr.WASHRCIlNE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back House bill No. 233,
for the establishment of an inspector's district at
the city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee,
with a recommendation that it do not pass; which
was laid on the tabic and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WASHBTXRNE, of Illinois,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged,
from the further consideration of the following bills, resolu-
tion and petition, and that the same be laid upon the table,
and the reports ordered to be printed, viz :
A bill for a local board of inspeetors at New Albany,
Indiana;
A bill providing for an Inspector's district at Napoleon, in
Arkansas;
A bill for the improvement of the navigation of the falls
of the Ohio river; referred to the Committee on lloads and
Canals;
A resolution of the House, with regard to the bridge at
Rock Island, over the Mississippi river, with report; and
The petition of Messrs. Crawford & Price, and twenty
other ship-owners and persons interested in shipping in
Cleveland, Ohio, with an adverse report.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, oflllinois. My colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
[Mr. John Cochrane,] who ia not now in his
seat, has a river and harbor bill ready to report.
I hope permission will be granted to him when he
comes in to make the report. I will say now, that
when that report is made I shall propose a sub-
stitute, and move that they be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can entertain no
such proposition. If the gentleman from New
York comes in and makes a request, it will be
propounded to the House.
OFFICERS, ETC., OP REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bill; which was
read a first and second time:
A bill regulating the compensation of the of-
ficers and marines of the revenue cutters.
Mr. MILLSON. As I intend to ask .he House
to consider this bill and pass it at once, I ask that
the bill may be read.
The bill, which was read, provides, that from
the passage of the act the annual compensation
of the officers and marines of the revenue cutters
of the United States shall be as follows: captains
gl,500, first lieutenants §1,200, second lieutenants
$1,100, third lieutenants $1,000, engineers $1,100,
assistant engineers $1,000; also that the wages of
the petty officers, the gunners,and marines, may
be regulated and fixed by the President of the
United States, so as not to exceed forty dollars
per month, exclusive of rations.
Mr. MILLSON. This bill, which has met, I
believe, the unanimous approbation of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, proposes to accomplish an
object which has been sought for some years past,
and has been recommenced by different Secre-
taries of the Treasury. The object has been
sought to be accomplished before, in connection
with a general modification of all the revenue laws
of the United States; but the difficulty of inducing
Congress deliberately to consider so voluminous
a bill as was rendered necessary for the objects
contemplated, has up to the present time defeated
the consideration of the subject which is now em-
braced exclusively in the present bill. The com-
mittee has, therefore, as an act of justice to a
small but very meritorious band of public officers,
determined to present this proposition as a sep-
arate one, and invite th% favorable consideration
of the House to it.
I have but a few words to say upon this subject,
for it requires but a few words. I believe that the
officers of the revenue marine are, perhaps, with
the exception of the President of the United States,
the only description of public officers whose com-
pensation has not been increased since the period
when that pay was last regulated. It is now up-
wards of twenty years since their present com-
pensation was fixed by law. In that time all the
officers of the several departments of the Govern-
ment—the officers of the Army and Navy, judges
and foreign ministers, the clerks in Washington,
and those engaged in the employment of the Uni-
ted States—everywhere, have had their compen-
sation increased; but these men have been entirely
omitted. A captain of a revenue cutter, perform-
ing very responsible duties, and perhaps for twenty
or thirty years in the service of the United States,
has been and is receiving but the scanty pittance
of $1,200 a year. Services involving risks, hard-
ships, and sometimes unusual expense, are com-
pensated by the Government of the United States!
] at the poor sum of $1,200 a year. These men are
[ almost always at sea, exposed to storms and tem-
' pests; having to support their families on shore;
! having to pay their mess-bills in the cutters, anu
i hospital taxes at the same time. The captains
