1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
2631
to the bill. That is true; but it requires immediate
legislation, resulting from the admission of Min-
nesota. It requires some provision for the appeals
which may be taken from the superior court of
the late Territory to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Unless something be done justice
may be obstructed in that new State. The pro-
vision embodied in the billadmuting the State into
t be Un ion oniy applied to appeals heretofore taken,
but it does not apply to appeals that may be taken;
and, as this provision requires immediate passage,
the Committee on the Judiciary ask that it may
be put on this hi}].
Mr. HUNTER. I am told that the House of
Representatives has very little to do; has passed
all the appropriation bills; and a separate bill on
this subject would doubtless pass. 1 am opposed
to loading this bill with measures of legislation.
Others will startup; and we shall never get through
with it. If we can once get rid of this bill we may
see light for the future; we may get along with the
others; but I see no prospect at this rate of ever
concluding it. There is a great deal of other le-
gislation that doubtless would be very useful, and
ought to be passed, but not on the appropriation
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is only urged on the
ground that it is a measure of immediate neces-
sity. Any other useful legislation would, of
course, be offered in a separate bill; hut it is ne-
cessary for this new State, to prevent the obstruc-
tion of justice there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to this bill, with some hope of having it
passed, and partly with a view of answering some
objections that were urged to an amendment of a
similar character that I offered to the loan bill.
I should not take this occasion to answer those
objections if an opportunity had been afforded me
to do so when the bill was up; but, some day or
two afterthat lull had passed, the chanman of the
Committee on Finance took occasion to assail my
proposition, as I thought, with some degree of
unmerited severity; and I suppose he intended
some portion of his remarks to apply to me per-
sonally. T-Je. said that I had endeavored, by a cun-
ning device, to try to largely increase the sched-
ules, which were above the average. When I
offeied that amendment, I stated that my object
was simply to prevent frauds by the undervalua-
tion of imported merchandise. /
Mr. HUNTER,. Before the debate^gocs on I
should, like to know what the amendrofcntis, that
I may see whether it is in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am going to propose it,
and I suppose it is in order; but, before I do pro-
pose it, I wish to state why it is in order. I know
the question of order was raised on the other bill,
but 1 supposed it would not be raised on this.
My amendment is to prevent the undervaluation
of foreign imports.
Mr HUNTER. I should like to hear the amend-
ment. We have a right to hear that first.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think I have a right to make
some explanatory remarks before the amendment
is read. I have understood, though perhaps lam
not correctly informed, that the House of Repre-
sentatives, at the last Congress, decided that the
appropriation bills were in the nature and char-
acter of revenue bills, and must originate in that
House; and therefore, the objection which was
taken to my amendment to the loan bill, does not
apply to it when offered to the appropnauon bill
winch has originated in the Iiouse of Represent-
atives. This bill is certainly subject to be amended
in the form I propose. Although the objection
may have lain to the amendment as applied to the
loan bill, because that bill originated in the Sen-
ate; yet, if the nature of this bill is one raising
levenue, it comes within the provision of the Con-
stitution which allows us to amend such bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I must ask the decision of the
Chair. If it is m order, of course 1 have no ob-
jection to make; but if it is not, I must object, for
we are anxious to get on with the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not suppose I shall be
allowed to icply, unless 1 am in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I must say that I do not see
any ground forcomnlaint that the honorable Sen-
atorVrom Rhode Isiand is out of order. He cer-
tainly has a right to discuss the bill; and, it there
is no amendment before the Senate, the question
is on the bill itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) Undoubtedly it is more regular for a
Senator to send up his amendmentbefbre he makes
any remarks on it; but the Chair knows of no rule
of the Senate which would compel him to send his
amendment to the desk to be read before he states
the substance of it, or makes any other statement
in regard to it that he chooses. The Chair does
not feel himself authorized to say that a Senator
must send his amendment to the desk and have it
read to the Senate before he can moke any com-
ments upon it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I supposed I was in order,
but it seems to be exceedingly difficult for any
Senator to say anything on these questions, and
keep within the rules of order, except the Senator
from Virginia. When the river and harbor bills
were up, it was perfectly m order for him to dis-
cuss the merits of this proposition that had been
passed upon two or three days before. Now, I
am going to vindicate myself from the charge of
any scheme in the proposition I offered to protect
and encourage certain departments of industry by
largely increasing the duties on the higher sched-
ules, while they were very highly increased on
the lower schedules comprising articles which
were employed in manufactures. In order to do
this, I have drawn up a section that I wish to have
put in this amendment, making a different classi-
fication of the impoi ts—-such a one as was recom-
mended by the late Secretary of the Treasury to
the last Co.*jrress, after mature reflection and de-
liberation, with a view of preventing undervalu-
ations, or placing dutiable goods under schedules
wheio they do not properly belong. I will read
the recommendation of the Secretai y of the Treas-
ury, in older to show that the amendment I am
going to offer, and in which I hope to get the as-
sent of the Senator from Virginia, is sanctioned
by him:
u In canymg into effect the tariff of 1846, considerable
difficulty ha-< been eneounfoied undo.i the eight schedules
of tint n"t applvms diffeieut lates of duties en the mer-
chandise emhiaeed in each. The difficulty, instead of di-
minishing as the <ulju«tiuent of the questions arising at the
Trea^uty and m the courts takes place, seems to tneiea^e,
owing to the ingenuity of toreign manufacturers and mer-
chants m mingling mateiials and modifying tabucs, giving
thorn now names. &,<_•. In remodeling the rmlV, I think it
would be pi oper to ictani schedule A of that net, and con-
stitute anotbei schedule, to cmlnace iron, manufactures of
uon,Mecl, &.C., and all fabue-s of bilk, wool, cotton, tla\,
or hemp, an/1 to impose a duty on the same of twenty-five
or thirty pet cent."
And then he places everything else in another
schedule. Now, what I propose with reference
to this recommendation of the Secretary o{ they
Treasury, is: \/
The goods, waie:. and merchandise, imported into The
United iS'ates, shall be put into five elates. The article* of
importation included t.i schedules A, B, O, arid D. of the
existing taiiff law, and all other textile fabi ics subject to
duty, whall be placed in cla-.* No. l,aii(Laduty levied there-
on of— per cent.
That embraces the four schedules above the
average, and winch the Senator from Virginia
thinks I am inclined, by my process, to largely
increase the duties upon. If the Senator thinks
if wise to so modify this classification, und put
them all into one schedule, I have left the rate
blank, in order thathc may fill it himself with any
rate he thinks proper. I propose this, not as a
means of raising the rates of duty, but as a means
of stopping frauds. I am willing to submit it to
the Senator from Virginiato say what, in hisjudg-
ment, should be the rates imposed on these four
schedules of goods. 1 never have been able to
see, and I doubt whether he has over been able to
see any reason for making these different sched-
ules, excepting so far as the liquors are concerned,
and the}'' are now brought down Whether this
list shall embiace brandies and liquors, lam per-
fectly willing to leave that Senator to determine;
but so far as the different classes of dry goods are
scattered into three or four schedules differing in
the rates of duty, I ncvei could see any reason
for it, and doubt whether there is any living man
who can tell any. In the schedule paying fifteen
per cent, now, you find all velvets of wik and cot-
ton. What reason is there for putting silk and
cotton velvets into the fifteen per cent, schedule,
instead of the twenty-four per cent, one, where
most of the dry goods are?
I have, then, said that the other schedules as
they are now enumerated shall stand as they are,
with the exception of schedules F and C,\vhich
now pay twelve and eight per centun, ret-]' :ct-
ively; and I propose to put ten per centum on them,
and I propose to increase schedule H from four
to five per centum. The Senator accused me of
trying to favor these low schedules, and to get
less additional duty on those articles which are
used in manufactures, and which are nearlyfree:
Instead of that, I propose to raise them a little,
in order to bring; them within the decimal rule.
If the Senator will admit that there is a propri-
ety in the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury of putting* these goods into one sched-
ule, that the ingenuity of men may not beexerted#
to evade the duty on them, Itrust that he will ad-
mit that this is a good provision; and if he fixes
the duty at such a rate as, in his judgment, will
give a fair revenue, he will not accuse any friend
of the industry of the country with attempting
indirectly to raise the rates of duty. I say he may
put the rate of twenty, or twenty-five, or thirty
per cent., just as he pleases.
When 1 offered a similar proposition last week,
I urged upon the Senate that, in the present state
of our revenue, there should be some means pro-
vided, at least, to stop the frauds upon it; that
we should not go on borrowing money to meet
the ordinary expenditures of Government with-
out taking some action to prevent frauds, which
every one, I think, who has examined the sub-
ject, will say, are now perpetrated by underval-
uations to the extent of from seven to fifteen
millions annually. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not throw this off by a mere technical
objection as to where the bill originated, and then
get rid of the force of the argument by saying that
those who advocated it had some secret purpose
which they were not willing to avow. I under-
take to carry out any proposition I make in good
faith. I stated, when I first suggested this meas-
ure, that the rates of duty to be collected on the
different schcdutes might be fixed at such a per-
centage as would, in all human probability, meet
the wants of the Government. I ask no more.
I am perfectly willing to change the schedules,
and put them all into one. The present rates
imposed on them now are twenty-five and threo
fourths per cent. If the Senator thinks home val-
uation, instead of foreign valuation, would so far
increase them as to get too much money, I am
willing that he should put the rate at twenty per
cent., if he believes that will give money enough;
but these different schedules deserve the same
rates so far as any incidental encouragement is
i;iven to the industry of our own country. Nobody
can pretend that one class of business should have
one rate and another another. If that is called
equality, 1 do not know what inequality is. Be-
sides, so far as the danger of undervaluation is
concerned, those descriptions of goods that are
least liable to undervaluation have now the largest
lates of duty; but I am willing they should, and
I rather think they ought all to be put in one
schedule.
I will now say something as to the assertion of
the Senator from Virginia about the change I pro-
pose being entirely novel. He says that, from the
foundation of this Government, the foreign cost
| has been the basis for the dutiable value in levy-
j ing the duties in this country on all dutiable im-
1 ports.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say all dutiableim-
j ports. I said that, from 1795, the ad valorem
' duties had been levied in that way.
| Mr. SIMMONS. Of course the Senator meant
1 ad valorem duties. Was there any change in 1795
| from what had previously been the course?
] Mr. HUNTER. 1 think there was; that was
: my information at the Department—from 1795
down.
! Mr.SIMMONS. TheSenatorsaidthattheprin-
■ ciple I ingrafted was a new principle; that thefor-
| eign value, excluding the freight and all incidental
, charges, had been the uniform practice of the Gov-
I ernmcntfrom its origin. I had previously had a
| conversation with him on this subject, and referred
; him to a report I made on a petition for the return
of overpaid duties, in which I thought I had pretty
clearly proved that the home valuation has always
been the true rule of our laws. He said, how-
ever, that he was willing to go before the coun-
try on the position he then assumed; and to my
uftrr surprise he used very many of the arguments
i that I have seen in pamphlets and newspapers m
; icply to that very report, to show that the freight,
as part <4 the dutiable value, had always been
