1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong.... I st Sess.
seventy-three thousand two hundred and eighty-
nine dollars and twenty-one cents.
For salaries of six hundred and eleven keepers
of light-houses and light-beacons, and their as-
sistants, sixty thousand dollars.
For salaries of fifty-two keepers of light-ves-
sels, twenty thousand two hundred and six dol-
lars and fifty-seven cents.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and in-
cidental expenses of fifty-two light-vessels, one
hundred and eighty-five thousand one hundred
and ninety-nine dollars and fifty cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, re-
pairing, remooring, and supplying losses of buoys
and day beacons, and for chains and sinkers for
the same, and for coloring and numbering all the
buoys, eighty-two thousand two hundred and
twenty-eight dollars and seventy-eight cents.
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and
Washington:
For oil and other supplies for twenty-four lights,
cleaning materials of all kinds, and transportation
of the same, expenses of keeping lamps and ma-
chinery in repair, publishing notices to mariners
of changes of aids to navigation, one thousand
four hundred and seventy-two dollars and ninety-
one cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses of twenty-
four lights, and buildings connected therewith,
twenty-four thousand five hundred and sixty-
three dollars.
For maintenance of the vessel provided for by
the act of eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, for inspection and transportation
purposes, thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army
serving on light-house duty, the payment of
which is no longer provided for by the quarter-
master's department, seven thousand and thirty-
four dollars and five cents.
For compensation of two superintendents for
the life-saving stations on the coasts of Long Isl-
and and New Jersey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each, ten thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingencies for life-saving apparatus on
the coast of the United States, twelve thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of the best self-righting life-
boat, to be placed at each of the twenty-eight life-
saving stations on the coast of New Jersey, six
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For the purchase of the best life-boats, to be
approved by the Treasury Department, for use
on the coast of Long Island, ten thousand dollars.
For procuring two additional improved me-
tallic liie-boats, ajpetalhc life-car, and nccessary
harness, lines, and other suitable articles, to be
used under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury in saving life, in case of marine disas-
ters off Galveston station, Texas, ten thousand
dollars.
Survey of the Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska', and Utah,) including inci-
dental expenses and island surveys in the interior,
and all other special and difficult surveys demand-
ing augmented rates, to be apportioned and ap-
plied to the several surveying districts, according
to the exigencies of the public service, including
expenses of selecting swamp lands, and the com-
pensation and expenses to survey or to locate
private land claims in Louisiana, in addition to
the unexpended balances of all former appropria-
tions, forty thousand dollars.
For correcting erroneous and defective lines of
public and private surveys in Illinois arid Mis-
souri, at a rate not exceeding six dollars per mile,
one thousand dollars.
For surveying in Louisiana, at augmented rates
now authorized by law, three thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, including office expenses in-
cident to the survey of claims, and to be disbursed
at the rates prescribed by law for the different
kinds of work, one hundred thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of base, meridian,
standard, parrallels, township and section lines in
New Mexico, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying such of the private claims in
New Mexico as shall have been confirmed by
Congress,including expenses incurred by the sur-
veyor general in adjudicating the same, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For surveying the necessary base, meridian,
standard, parrallels, township and section lines in
Kansas and Nebraska, also outlines of Indian
reservations, one hundred thousand dollars.
For preparing the unfinished records of public
and private surveys to be transferred to the State
authorities, under the provisions of the act of
twelfth June, eighteen hundred and forty, in those
districts where the surveys are about being com-
pleted, ten thousand dollars.
For resurveys and examinations of the surveys
of the public lands in those States where the offices
of the surveyors general have been, or shall be,
closed, under the acts of the twelfth June, eigh-
teen hundred and forty, and twenty-second Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, including
two thousand dollars for the salary of the clerk
detailed to this special service in the General Land
Office, two thousand dollars.
For collection of agricultural statistics, investi-
gations for promoting agriculture and rural econ-
omy, and the procurement of cuttings and seeds,
sixty thousand dollars: Provided, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Patents to
submit to the Secretary of the Interior, at the
commencement of each session of Congress, the
invoices of seeds and cuttings purchased with the
money hereby appropriated; and also a statement
of expenses in procuring agricultural statistics,
and incidental expenses in procuring seeds, cut-
tings, and information.
For drawings to illustrate the mechanical re-
port of the Commissioner of Patents for the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, six thousand
dollars.
Hospital for the Insane.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the District of Columbia,
and of the Army and Navy at the asylum in said
District, twenty-four thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For salaries and incidental expenses of the in-
stitution for the instruction of the deaf, dumb, and
blind in the District of Columbia, authorized by
the act approved May twenty-nine, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, three thousand dollars.
For extension of stables and erection of sheds
in connexion with the stock yarc', four thousand
dollars.
For heating and ventilating the entire unfinished
remainder of the hospital edifice, and for slightly
remodelimg the heating apparatus of the present
finished portions of the building, so that the heat-
ing and ventilation of the whole establishment
shall be one connected and efficient system, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
forty transient paupers; medical and surgical
patients in Washington Infirmary, six thousand
dollars.
For purchase of manure for the public grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, one
thousand and ninety-five dollars and fifty cents.
For purcha.se and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, five hundred dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace
where necessary such as have been planted by
the United States, and the repair of pavements in
front of the public grounds, five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-clos-
ets, public stables, water pipes, pavements, and
other walks within the Capitol square, broken
glass and locks, six thousand dollars.
Toenable the Commissionerof Public Buildings
to fit up with shelves the two rooms at the south
end of the library of Congress, for the use of the
library, and for putting up a partition in the
passage to them, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For annual repairs of the President's house and
furniture, improvement of grounds, purchasing
trees and plants for garden and making hot-beds
therein, and contingent expenses incident thereto,
twelve thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, of the President's house, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For lighting the President's house and Capitol,
the public grounds around them and around the
executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, and
Bridge and High streets in Georgetown, forty-
three thousand dollars.
For erecting thirty additional lamp posts in
Bridge and High streets, in Georgetown, eight
hundred and ten dollars.
For purchase of books for [the] library at the
executive mansion, to be expended under the di-
rection of the President of the United States, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard, and
upper bridges, six thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, three
thousand dollars.
To pay the residue of the salary due the engi-
neer for constructing the bridge across the Poto-
mac at Little Falls, two thousand five hundred
and eighty-ninedollarsand sixty-seven cents; and
for painting the hand-rails, and iron work of said
bridge, four hundred dollars, and the bridge is
hereby placed under protection of Georgetown,
with power to regulate the speed of travel and the
passage of droves of cattle over the same, but no
tolls shall be charged.
For public reservation number two, Lafayette
square, three thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's bouse and keeping them in order, one
thousand dollars.
For the payment of laborers employed in shov-
eling snow from the walks to and around the Cap-
itol, the President's house, and the pavements
along the Government reservations on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, eight hundred dollars.
For repairs of water pipes, five hundred dol-
lars.
For jepairs of the furnaces under the Senate
Chamber and Supreme Court room, one thousand
dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office building,
three thousand dollars.
For completing the west wing of the Patent
Office building, filling up the southwest corner
of the square, setting the curb, and raising Ninth
street in front of the building to its proper grade,
fifty thousand dollars.
For repairing the fence around that portion of
the mall upon which the Smithsonian Institution
is situated,one thousand dollars.
For cleaning out the sewer traps on Pennsylva-
nia avenue, three hundred dollars.
For purchasing plants for the conservatory at
the President's house, one thousand dollars.
For the completion of the Washington aque-
duct, eight hundred thousand dollars, and,in ad-
dition thereto, so much of the appropriation of
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars " for pay^
ing existing liabilities for the Washington aque-
duct, and preserving the work already done from
injury," contained in the act entitled " An act
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,"
approved eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, as may not be required for said pur-
poses.
For United States Capitol extension, seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars: Provided,
That none of this appropriation shall be expend-
ed in embellishing any part of the Capitol exten-
sion with sculpture or paintings unless the designs
for the same shall have undergone the examina-
tion of a committee of distinguished artists, not to
exceed three in number, to be selected by the
President, and that the designs which said com-
mittee shall accept shall also receive the subse-
quent approbation of the Joint Committee on the
Library of Congress; but this provision shall not
be so construed as to apply to the execution of
designs heretofore made and accepted from Craw-
ford and Rogers.
For extension of the General Post Office, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For binding two thousand four hundred copies
of Code of the District of Columbia, at seventy-
five cents per copy, authorized by act approved
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty five, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For defraying the expenses of a certain party
of Omaha Indians who visited the city of Wash-
ington during the months of February and March,
