522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
do not deserve to be dignified by the name of
laws. The President of the United States has
brought his army to sustain this usurpation.
There was no way for the people of Kansas to
escape from the despotism, except by setting up
a government for themselves in opposition to it.
It is not in the nature of usurpers to provide the
means for their own overthrow. The position of
the people of Kansas is not unlike that of an in-
dividual in a case which I will imagine. Suppose,
sir, your dwelling, to-night, should be surrounded
by a dozen ruffians, who should enter it violently
and turn you out of it, the Army of the United
States and the peace officers standing by until the
outrage is committed; and then, when you rally
your friends to take possession of your own house,
and occupy your own premises, you are met by
the Army of the United States, and told, " Sir,
you cannot eater the threshold of your door, ex-
cept you enter it according to law;" that is, ac-
cording to the law of those who have violently
taken possession of your house: when would
you get possession? Not till doomsday. The
army comes to interfere after the outrage is com-
mitted, to uphold and sustain it; and the man
■who goes to take possession of his own is told
that he must do it in a peaceful manner, and he
must do it in accordance with the way pointed
out by the ruffians who have thrown him out of
doors. This is precisely the condition of the peo- !
pie of Kansas, and this is the kind of law which 1
that people have justly and rightly refused to sub- |
mit to.
The President alludes, in this message, to the
employment of the army in Kansas. Although
he talks of rebellion in Kansas, and of attempts
at usurpation on the part of the people who have
undertaken to set up a government of their own,
in opposition to the government of the usurpers,
I undertake to say that there is no usurpation in
Kansas worse than that committed by the Chief
Magistrate of this nation, with his army in that
Territory. The army has been employed there
without authority of law. It will not do for Sen-
ators to say, as has boon said on this floor, that
the President is charged with the execution of the
laws; that it is made his duty to see that the laws
be faithfully executed; and that this gives him
power to use the army for that purpose. He can
see that the laws are faithfully executed, only m
the manner pointed out by law. He has no gen-
eral, unlimited power to see that the laws be faith-
fully executed jn any way hu may deem proper.
He would become the veriest military despot in
the world, if, under that geneial grant of authority,
he could use the Army and Navy at his pleasure,
to enforce what he might think proper to call the
laws. The President's duty is pointed out by
the Constitution and by the laws of the land. If
he has any authority to use an army in Kansas,
he has that authority under and by virtue of law.
1 should like to see the statute which authorizes
him to employ it as he has done.
We have but two statutes on this subject; one
is the act of 1795, which authorizes the President
of the United States to employ the militia to re-
pel invasion, and also upon the call of a Legisla-
ture of the State, or of the Executive when the
Legislature cannot be convened, to put down a
formidable resistance to the laws, which is too
powerful to be overcome in the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings. Then we have the act of
18U7, which authorizes the President of the Uni-
ted States to employ the Army and Navy in cases
where he was before authorized to employ the
militia; and he can only employ the Army and
IN'avy after he has followed out the directions
prescribed by the act of 1795. There has been
some controversy about this power to employ the
army in Kansas to enforce territorial statutes,
and it is therefore that I allude to it particularly.
There is not a word in any statute authorizing
the President of the United States to employ the
Army and Navy in the enforcement of laws until
you come to the act of 1807. Now, what is that
act? I will read it:
" That, in all cases of insuirection, orobstruction to the
laws, either of the United States or of any individual fcjtate
or Termoiy, wlieic it is lawful for the President o* the
United States to call forth the militia for the pm pose of sup-
pressing such insurrection, orot causing; the laws to be duly
cxccuted, it shall be lawful foi him to employ, forthe same
purposes, such partof'ibe land or naval forces of the United
States as shall be judged necessary; having first observed
all the prerequisites of the law 111 that respect."
This grants no additional power to the Presi-
dent'; it merely authorizes him to use the Army
and the Navy for the same purposes which he was
before authorized to call forth the militia to ac-
complish; and he can only do that after he has
observed the prerequisites of the law in that rc-
spect. Now, we refer back to the law of 1795 to
ascertain the cases in which the President of the
United States was authorized to employ the mili-
tia; and I will read those sections conferring the
power, that we may have a clear idea of the cases.
As I read them, I should like to know (and it will
be no interruption to me for any gentleman to
show) by which of these sections it is that the
President of the United States gets the authority
to use the Army^ as he has done in Kansas} The
first section provides—
" That whenever the United States shall be invaded, or
be in imminent danger of invasion from any foreign nation
or fndian tribe, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States to call forth such number of the militia of the
State, or States, most convenient to the place of danger, or
scene of action, as he may judge necessary to repel such
invasion, and to issue his orders for that purpose, to such
officer or officers of the milifia, as he shall think proper."
I presume no one will contend that under that
clause authority is given to employ the army in
the Territory of Kansas. The second clause of
the first section is this:
" And in case of an insurrection in any State, against the
government thereof, it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States, on application of the Legislature of such
State, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature cannot be
convened,) to call lorth such number of the militia of any
other State, or States, as may be applied for, as he may judge
sufficient to suppress such insurrection."
Clearly that gives no power to employ the
militia of the United States to enforce any State
law, unless it amount to an insurrection against
the government thereof.
" That whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed, or the execution thereof obstiucted, m any State,
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordi-
naiy course of judicial proceedings, oi by the powers vested
in the marshal?, by tins act,, it shall be lawful for the Piesi-
dent of the United State* to call foith the militia of sue.h
State, or of any other State or States, as may be neces-
sary."
There, clearly, the power is not given to the
President to call forth the militia m order to en-
force the execution of any other than laws of the
United States.
The thud section makes it the duty of the Pres-
I ident, before calling forth the militia, to issue a
I proclamation commanding the insurgents to dis-
j perse peaceably within a limited time.
! I have read the only statute there is, conferring
on the President of the United States authority to
use the Army and Navy in the execution of laws.
He is authorized by the act of 1807 to use them
where he was authorized by previous acts to use
the militia, and in no other instances; and he was
only authorized, by previous acts, to use the mi-
litia to repel invasion, or in the enforcement of
laws of the United States, or in case of an insur-
rection in a State against the government there-
of. " Under these statutes, then, it is clear that
the President of the United States might, after
complying with the provisions of the act, and
issuing his proclamation, and not before, have em-
ployed the army for the purpose of enforcing
the laws of the United States in Kansas; but when
he goes another step, and employs those troops
for the purpose of enforcing the territorial laws,
whicji are not laws of the United States, I deny
his authority. He can only use the troops to
enforce the State or territorial laws in a case of
insurrection " against the government thereof."
That is the only instance in which the President
of the United States can march his armies into
the States of this Union, to sustain their local gov-
ernments. It is only when an insurrection exists,
threatening the existence of the State government,
and when he is called upon by its Legislature, or,
if it cannot be convened, by its Executive; and
then he must first issue his proclamation com-
manding the insurgents to disperse.
The Army has been used in Kansas, as is ad-
mitted, for the purpose of enforcing the territo-
rial laws against the people; and yet the Presi-
dent of the United States talks about usurpation.
That we may understand distinctly how his Army
has been used in Kansas, I will call attention for
a moment to the document communicated to this
body by the President of the United States. In
Governor Walker's letter to the Secretary of
State, of July 15, 1857, occurs this passage; and
from it we can ascertain the purpose for which
the Army was sent to Kansas:
«In view of my official letter of the 2d of June, 1857,
and of the conditions upon which T agreed, with great re-
luctance, to accept the position of Governor of tins Terri-
tory, namely, that General Harney, in whom 1 had gieat
confidence, and who was well known to the people of Kan-
sas, and greatly respected by them, should be oid red fiom
Florida, put in special command in Kansas with a large
body of troops, and especially of dragoons and a battery,
and letained theie, subject to my directions, for military
operations, if necessary, m Kan-as, until the danger was
over, and m the absence of which 1 never would have ac-
cepted this office."
He then goes on to say, that in view of these
facts, he is surprised at an order which had been
issued to remove the troops from Kansas. This
shows the purpose for which they were sent there.
Governor Walker, on accepting the office, took it
on the condition that two thousand troops should
go to Kansas and remain there, subject to his di-
rection, for military operations. Now, sir, does
it lie in the mouth of those who contend for law
and order, to justify such a proceeding as that?
There is no law, there is no statute of the United
States authorizing the President to place two
thousand troops at the disposal of Governor Walk-
er for military operations in Kansas, and no man
can show such a statute. In carrying out this
plan I find communicated with the samg docu-
ments an order from General Harney, dated July
15, 1857. General Harney, in a letter to Gov-
ernor Walker, in answer to an application which
had been made to him for troops, says:
" I desire to inform you that I have directed Lieutenant
Colonel Cooke, of the second dragoons, to proceed with
seven companies of his regiment, alt the disposable foice
of that arm, to the vicinity of the city of Lawrence, and to
report bis force to yourself, as a posse comitatus to execute
such orders as you may deem proper to give him in that
capacity." *
Here is a regiment of seven companies placed
under the orders of the Governor as a posse comi-
tatus. Why, sir, what is a posse comitatus? It is
the power of the county, summoned by a civil
officer to aid him in the execution of process.
Who ever before heard that the Governor was the
person to execute process? A Governor sum-
moning a posse comitatus! The thing is unheard
of. It is a mere pretense under which to escape
the odium which would follow the employment of
the Army for illegitimate purposes.
Again: Governor Walker, in his letter of the
20th July, uses this language:
" There is imminent danger, unless the territorial govern-
ment is sustained by a laige body of the troops of the United
States, that, for all practical purposes, it will be overthrown
or reduced to a condition of absolute imbecility."
Itisstrange that a government established upon
the great principle of popular sovereignty, as we
are told, should need an army to sustain it, and
be in danger of falling into a condition of abso-
lute imbecility, unless two thousand troops were
placed at the disposal of the Governor to maintain
it. He continues:
" f am constrained, therefore, to inform you that, with a
view to sustain the authoiity of the United States in this
Territory, it is indispensably necessary that we should have '
immediately stationed at Fort Lcavemvouh at least two
thousand regular troops and that General Ilarney should
be letamed in command."
It is not only necessary to have two thousand
troops as ciposse comitatus, but General Harney is to
command them; and they were to be ordered from
Florida on condition that Governor "Walker should
accepttheGovernorshipofKansas ! Just imagine
a posse comitatus of two thousand men summoned
by a civil officer in Kansas from the remote State
of Florida, thousands of miles distant, with Gen-
eral Harney to command them, armed with mus-
kets and cannon, to aid him in the execution of
civil process ! The statement of the proposition
shows its absurdity. The Governor further pro-
ceeds in the same letter to say:
" The only practical way to maintain the peace of the
Territory, and to inaugurate a party which would suppoit
the CoiMitution and the Union, is to unite the free-State
Democrats here (who were with us in the election of 1852)
with the pro-slavery party of Kansas."
The only way to maintain tho peace of the Ter-
ritory is to unite the free-State men who were with
them in 1852, with the pro-slavery party; and it
is in the same letter that he wants two thousand
troops to carry out that object. That was a part
of the non-interference with the affairs of Kansas
about which we have heard so much. In the same
letter, (for Governor Walker seems to have been
beset with the idea that there was no other way
to force the people to submit to the usurpation
