1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
of revenue cutters ought to receive a higher rate
of compensation than the lowest order of clerks
in the Departments of Washington, whose pay-
now equals theirs, and who labor in comfortable
rooms, exempt from danger, and give but a few
hours of the day to the service of the Govern-
men t. The committee have therefore recommend-
ed that the pay of these gentlemen shall be raised
in a proportion about equal to that in which other
classes of public officers have had their compen-
sations increased. The increase proposed is about
twenty per cent.; and the whole additional ex-
pense to the Government will amount but to a few
thousand dollars—perhaps about twenty thousand
dollars a year.
The late Secretary "of the Treasury recom-
mended this increase of their compensation, and
the present Secretary has also submitted a bill for
the consideration of Congress, in which he sug-
gests the same rate of pay as that adopted by the
committee which reports the bill.
I trust, therefore, as this is a question not in-
volving intricate and complicated details—one
which the House can comprehend at a glance,
and therefore unnecessary to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and as the only question involved is that of in-
creasing the compensation of these public ser-
vants, as the compensation of all others has been
increased, that the House will consider it at once,
and pass the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
previous question upon the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill, having been engrossed,
was read a third time.
Mr. M1LLSON moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARK ATTrCA.
Mr. COMINS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 167) for the re-
lief of the owners of the bark Attica, of Portland,
Maine.
Mr. COMINS. It appears by the accompany-
ing papers which I submit to the House, that on
the arrival of the bark Attica (a vessel owned in
Portland, Maine) at the port of Hamburg, in the
latter part of June, 1855, her whole crew became
insubordinate, disobedient of orders, and utterly
refused to remain in the ship to perform the voy-
age home. For reasons which I will not detail
to the House at this time, and by the advice of
the American consul, the master of the Attica
was compelled to consent to their discharge. At
that time there were no American seamen in Ham-
burg to be procured. The master of the bark was
left to no other resource than to ship a crew of
foreigners to take the place of those discharged.
On the arrival of the vessel at New York, tonnage
duties to the amount of §174 62 were exacted
under the act of March 1,1817. Said duties were
paid under protest. The owners of the Attica
ask for return of these duties, which, though
legally, were unjustly exacted.
In confirmation of the statements which I have
made, I submit a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I desire the Clerk to read to the
House, after which, I shall move that the bill
which I have reported be put upon its passage, and
on that motion I shall call for the previous ques-
tion.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury was
read, as follows:
Treasury Department, January 29,1858.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the '28th mstant, inclosing a petition of John
W. Chast1, on behalf of himself and others, praying a return
of the tonnage (fury oxacted by the eollcrtorot' the customs
at Voik fjom the bark Attica, for a violation of the
provisions of the act of March 1,1817, anfi m reply to in-
t'oim yon, that the rccord^ of this Department show that
Captain Chase complained of the exaction of the duty m
question, and that, on the 27th of September, 1855, the col-
lector of the customs at New York was instructed, that, as
the failure to have on board the proportion of American sea-
men required by the act of 1817, did not arise from any of
the causes specified m the seventh section of said act, the
tonnage duty was properly exacted, and that he would so
inform Mr. Chase.
Under the circumstances set forth in the petition and ac-
companying papers, if shown to be correct, the Department
can perceive no reason why the relief asked for should not
be granted by Congress, who alone have jurisdiction of the
matter now. The petition and accompanying papers are
herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. C. C. Clay. Jr., Chairman of Committee on Com-
merce, United States Senate.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if there is a report ac-
companying that bill ?
Mr. COMINS. There are papers accompany-
ing the bill which are substantiated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, but no report. It is not
usual to make reports in such cases. The facts
are as I.have stated them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the bill will be
read. I presume it is satisfactory.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the owners of the bark
Attica, of Portland, Maine, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $174 62, being the amount imposed on said
vessel as tonnage duties by the collector of New
York, in 1855.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill making appro-
priations for certain rivers and harbors; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. _ I move the refer-
ence of that bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that it be printed
and made the special order for the day, for the
first Monday in May next. I may state, in this
connection, that the committee has instructed me
to report the bill on the system of strict economy
required by the present condition of the finances
of the Union. Another member of the commit-
tee has prepared a bill, and I hope it may also be
received and printed.
Mr. CLEMENS. I trust the House will have
an opportunity of examining the details of the
bill before we are called upon to make it a special
order. I object to making it a special order.
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be made a
special order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, then,
that the gentleman from New York will move to
suspend the rules on Monday, so as to make it a
special order.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, presented a
substitute for the bill; which was also referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
CONSULATE AT UOSARIO.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill for the estab-
lishment of a United States consulate at Rosario
on the river Panama, in the province of Santa Fe,
in the Argentine Confederation, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES BARGE OFFICE, NEW YORK.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill making appropriations for
strengthening and securing the foundations of the
United States barge office in the city of New York;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the same
committee, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved March
3, 1855; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on tha
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
A. AND E. S. COLBY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Alonzo
and Elbridge S. Colby; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of theWhole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the consideration of the following bills, memorials,
&c.,and that the same be laid upon the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 279) to continue the improvement of the
channel of the Hudson river above and below Albany, and
below Troy, in the State of New York.
A memorial of shipmasters sailing from the port of New
York, that Congress order a certain number of Lane's at-
tachment to sextants and quadrants for determining an art-
ificial horizon, for experiment.
A bill for the improvement of the Harlem river and Spuy-
tentuyfel creek, m the county of New York.
A bill to continue the improvement of the navigation of
James liver, Virginia.
A bill to remove obstructions to navigation at Hell Gate,
in the East river, opposite the city of New York.
A bill to improve the harbor of Pultneyville, New York,
A bill to construct a building for a custom-house, court-
house, and post office at Albany, New York.
The petition of J. Eaton Stetson and others, for the re-
pair of the east pier of the harbor of Charlotte, at the mouth
of the Genesee river, New York.
The petition of the citizens of Jefferson county, New
York, praying an appropriation for a breakwater at Cape
Vincent, in said State.
So much of the President's annual message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the commeice of the Uni-
ted States, and the fitness of the river La Plata and its trib-
utaries for navigation by steam.
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor of Os-
wego, New York.
A bill for the improvement of Sodus Bay harbor, Wayne
county, New York.
A bill for continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie.
A bill for the improvement of Sodus Bay harbor, Cayuga
county, New York.
A bill for the improvement of the harbor of Charlotte, at
the mouth of the Genesee river, New York.
The petition of fifty-two inhabitants of the town of Manns-
ville, New York, for a breakwater at Cape Vincent, New
York.
The petition of sixty-two inhabitants of Jefferson county,
New York, for the same.
A bill (Ii. R. No* 125) for continuing the improvement of
the Rock Island rapids, in the Mississippi river.
A bill (H. R. No. 124) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor of Waukegan, Illinois.
A bill (H. R. No. 130) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor at Chicago, Illinois, on Lake Michigan.
A bill (H, R. No. 149) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor of Ontonagon, in the State of
Michigan.
A bill (H. R. No. 148) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor of Marquette, in the State of
Michigan.
A bill (II. R. No. 159) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at Ozaukee, Wisconsin.
A bill (II. It. No. 160) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor at Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
A bill (Ii. It. No. 161) making an appropriation for the
impiovement of the harbor at Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
A bill (H. R. No. 54) for continuing the impiovement of
the harbors at Racine, Kenosha, and Milwaukee, on Lake
Michigan, Wisconsin.
Petition of citizens for a breakwater at the port of Cape
Vincent, New York,
Petition of citizens of Ohio for an impiovement of the
harbors of Mackinaw City, Michigan, &c.
A bill (II. R. No. 52) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the St. Mary's fall's ship canal, in the State
of Michigan.
A bill (H. R. No. 145) making an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth ot Kalamazoo liver,
in the State of Michigan
Memorial of citizens of Michigan foi the construction of
a pier and light-house at the mouth ol Thundci Bay river
Michigan.
Petition for an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor ot Mackinaw City.
A bill (II. R. No. 147] making an appropiiaiton for the
impiovement of Saganaw rivor, Michigan.
Petition for an impiov,:mciit of the harbor of Mackinaw
C:ty, Michigan.
A bill (II. R. No. 1,)0) making an appiopiiation for the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the Manistee
river, Michigan.
A bill (H. It- No. Ill) to continue the improvement of the
haibor of Vermillion, Ohio.
A bill (H. 11. No. 53) makin? an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in the
State of Michigan.
A bill (H. R. No. 146) making an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of South Beach river,
Michigan.
Petition for a harbor of refuge at New Buffalo. Michigan.
A bill (II. R. No. 144) making an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at New Buffalo, Michigan.
Petition for the improvement of Cleveland harbor, Ohio.
A bill (H. It. No. 137) making appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at Monroe, Michigan.
A bill (II. R. No. 143) makmc appropriation for complet-
ing the harbor at St. Joseph's, Michigan.
A bill (II. 11. No. 122) making appropriation for continuing
the improvement of a haibor of refuge and commerce at
