1858 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sfiss.
shall be subject to a penalty of twenty-five dol-
lars for each and every failure, and shall more-
over, pay the costs of replacing the same, the
whole to be recovered before any court in the
District of Columbia, having competent jurisdic-
tion ; and that this and the preceding section shall
continue in force until repealed by Congress.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be instructed to report to
Congress, at its next regular session, all applica-
tions made by the constituted authorities of the
State[s] and cities, for the reopening and re[ex]-
amination of the settlements heretofore made
with such State [s] and cities, and report the prin-
ciple of readjustments upon which such claim is
based, and the amount thereof. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is further instructed to re-
port to Congress at its next regular session, the
gross amount that will be required to pay such
claim to the States and cities of the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
eleventh section of the act of Congress, approved
September fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-
one, entitled "An act to appropriate the proceeds
of the public lands, and to grant preemption
rights," be so amended that appeals from the de-
cisions of the district officers, in cases of contest
between different settlers for the right of preemp-
tion, shall hereafter be decided by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, whose decision
shall be final, unless appeal therefrom be taken
to the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be di-
rected to ascertain as among the expenditures of
the State of Maine, in defending the territory
heretofore in dispute with Great Britain, the
amounts paid in borrowing money for those ex-
penditures beyond the rate of six per centum per
annum, whether in the form of discounts or oth-
wise, in all cases in which the principal of such
expenditures, and interest upon them, at the rate
of six per centum, have heretofore been refunded
to said State by the United States, and that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay the
amount so ascertained out of any moneys in the
Treasury nototherwise appropriated, toany prop-
erly authorized officer of said Stale. In making
the ascertainment herein directed, the accounting
officers shall compute the principal and interest
of the difference between the cash received by
Maine, in negotiating stocks and notes, and the
nominal amount of such stocks and notes, and
the interest acciued thereon; and in cases where
Maine was obliged, in negotiating for moneys, to
increase the rate of interest on previous loans,
the amount of such increase shall be computed
and allowed*, but not so as to reckon interest upon
interest.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much
of all acts and parts of acts as require or authorize
the PostmasterGeneral to publish notice of Jetting
contracts to carry the mails m the respective
States, in newspapers published in the city of
Washington, m the District of Columbia, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted$ That the line
surveyed by John C. McCoy, in eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, as the western boundary of
the half-breed tract, specified in the tenth article
of the treaty made, between commissioners on the
part of the United States and certain Indian tribes,
at Prairie du Chien,on the fifteenth of July,eigh-
teen hundred and thirty, be, and the same is
hereby, established as the true western boundary
of said tract.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That all the
ruling and binding for the several Executive De-
partments shall be executed by practical and com-
petent bookbinders, to be appointed by the head
of the Department.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States cause the sum of
six thousand dollars to he advanced to Clark
Mills, m addition to the sum already advanced,
out of the fifty thousand dollars appropriated by
the act of January twenty-five, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, to erect at the capital of the na-
tion an equestrian statue of Washington, on the
personal application and receipt of the said Mills:
Provided, That the said Mills furnish the Secre-
tary of the Interior such security for the comple-
tion of the statue as the Secretary may require.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of State be, and he is hereby, authorized
to adjust, upon principles of equity and justice,
the accounts of I. D. Andrews, late agent of the
United States, for expenses and disbursements in
connection with the reciprocity treaty, and that
the same be paid according to said adjustment.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the col-
lectors of the customs in the several collection
districts be, and they are hereby and hereafter,
required to act as disbursing agents for the pay-
ment of all moneys that are, or may hereafter
be, appropriated for the construction of custom-
houses, court-houses, post offices, and marine
hospitals, with such compensation, not exceeding
one quarter of one per cent., as the Secretary of
the Treasury may deem equitable and just: And
provided further. That where there is no collector
at the place of location of any public work herein
specified, the superintendent of such public work
shall act as disbursing agent, without any addi-
tional compensation therefor; and all laws and
parts of lasvs in conflict with the provisions of
this section be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. IS. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases of judgments and decrees, in any territorial
court of the United States, now rendered, or here-
after to be rendered, and from which there might
be a writ of error, or appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States, there may be presented such
writ of error or appeal within the time, and under
the other restrictions limited by law to said Su-
preme Court, notwithstanding such Territory
may, after such judgments and decrees, have been
admitted into the Union as a State; and said Su-
preme Court shall, when the same is decided,
direct the mandate to such court as the nature of
the writ of error or appeal, in their judgment,
may require.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of
Representatives be, and they are hereby, directed
to continue down to the fourth of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, the compilation of the
congressional documents published by Congress
under the name of the "American State Papers,"
in the same manner as the first series thereof,
under the authority of the act of Congress of
March two, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, and
the joint resolution of Congress of March two,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three; and with the
same particular index to each class, and a general
index to the work. And the said Secretary and
Clerk are hereby directed to contract with Gales
& Soaton, the publishers of the first series thoreof,
for publishing the same, not to exceed two thou-
sand copics in number, at a price per volume not
exceeding that paid for the first series, to be de-
livered to the Secretary of the Interior as the same
may be published; and the said Secretary of the
Interior shall place three hundred copies in the
Department of State for its use, and for exchange
with foreign Governments, and seven hundred
copies m his own Department, for distribution to
public libraries in the several States and Territo-
ries, and hold the residue of the copies in his cus-
tody, subject to the future direction of Congress:
Provided, That the prices or rates to be paid for
the printing of this work shall not exceed those
paid at present for the printing of the documents
of Congress, including paper and binding, having
regard to the quality and value of the material
used and work done: Provided, That the cost of
the publication shall not cxceed three hundred
and forty thousand dollars, and that not more
than twenty-five thousand dollars shall be re-
quired for the purpose during the next fiscal year.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That all dip-
lomatic and salaried consular officers who were
appointed under the act entitled kt An act to re-
model the diplomatic and consular systems of the
United States," approved March the first, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, shall have the same
compensation duiing the time necessarily occu-
pied in making the transit to, and returning from
their respective posts, and while they were re-
ceiving their instructions, as is provided for dip-
lomatic and salaried consular officers in the eighth
section of the act entitled " An act to regulate the
diplomatic and consular systems of the United
States," approved August eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six: Provided, That the fore-
going shall not be construed to apply to any dip-
lomatic or consular officer who was in office, and
at his post of duty, when said act, approved
March first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, took
effect, except to allow compensation to such offi-
cers during the time necessarily occupied in re-
turning from their respective posts.
Approved, June 12, 1858.
Chap. CLV.—An Act making supplemental Ap-
propriations for the Current and Contingent
Expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various In-
dian Tribes, for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes:
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamette Valley.—For fourth of five installments
for pay of physician, teacher, blacksmith, and
farmer, per third article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars.
Nisqually, Puyallupf and other tribes and bands
of Indians.—For fulfilling the articles negotiated
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, with certain bands of Indians of Puget
sound, Washington Territory:
For fourth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistants, if necessary, per tenth article
treaty twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand two hundred dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqun Indians.—For
fourth of fifteen installments for the pay of a
farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth .Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, four hundred
dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of phy-
sician, medicines, and expense of care of the sick,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundied and fifty-four, four hundred and
forty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias, ofUmpqua Valley, Ore-
gon.—For fourth of ten installmens for the pay
of a blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred antl fifty-four, four hundred and forty
dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments for the pay
of a physician and purchase of medicines, per
sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for the pay of
a farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,four
hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the pay
of a teacher, and purchase of books and station-
ery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Territory of Oregon, including
insurance and transportation of annuities, goods,
and presents, and office and traveling expenses
of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents,
thirty-nine thousand five hundred dollars.
For adjusting difficulties and preventing out-
breaks among the Indians in the Territory of Ore-
gon, ten thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians in Oregon Territory to the
reservations therein, aiding them in procuring
their own subsistence, purchase of provisions and
presents, compensation of laborers and other em-
ployes, one hundred and eleven thousand dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Territory of Washington, in-
cluding insurance and transportation of annuities,
goods, and presents, and office and traveling ex-
