1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, and the construction of
a breakwater thereat.
A bill (XI. fi. No. 69) making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the channel of the St. Clair flats.
A bill (H. R. No. 112) to continue the improvement of
the harbor of Huron, Ohio.
A bill (II. R. No. 109) to continue the improvement of
the harbor at the mouth of the Cuyahoga river, Ohio.
A bill (H. 11. No 110) to continue the improvement of
the harbor of Sandusky city, Ohio.
A bill (H. R No. 108) to continue the improvement of
the haibor at the mouth of Grand river, Ohio.
A bill (H. H. No. 35) to contuiue the improvement of the
navigation of the Maumee bay, on Lake Erie.
A bill (H. Tl. No .13) for completing the repairs upon the
harbor of Black river, on Lake Erie, Ohio.
A bill (H. R. No. 434) for completing the breakwater,
&.C., at Plattsburg, New York.
Estimates for War Department of cost of completing the
same.
Joint resolutions ofthe Legislature of Washington Terri-
tory, for a marine hospital in the Territory, and making
Vancouver a port of delivery.
Resolution concerning the custom-house, &c., at Roches-
ter, New York.
A bill (H. R. No. 281) for the construction of a marine
hospital at Albany, New York.
A bill (H. It. No. 283) for the construction of a marine
hospital at Buffalo, New York.
A bill (II. R. No. 378) for the construction of a marine
hospital at Memphis, Tennessee.
Resolution as to erecting custom-house at the city of
Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Petition of citizens of Alabama, that Massey's alarm
gauge for ships be adopted m the navy of the United States.
Memorial In favor of a ship canal around the Falls of Ni-
agara.
Mr. HATCH. I wish to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, in re-
lation to an appropriation for Buffalo harbor. I
see among the bills which have been read at the
Clerk's desk, there is an adverse report in refer-
ence to the bill for the improvement of that har-
bor. I want to know whether that committee has
recommended an appropriation for the repair of
Buffalo harbor, and to what extent?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bills, the titles
of which have just been read, were not reported
upon adversely, but were reported back, with the
request that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration thereof. The bill for appro-
priations for rivers and harbors, which the com-
mittee have reported, and which has been ordered
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, contains nearly all the ap-
propriations asked for in the bills just read, though
not to the full amount asked.
In answer to the question of the gentleman from
New York, I can say that the amount suggested
and recommended officially for that purpose, has
been inserted in the general bill for river and har-
bor improvements. The amount, I believe, is
some $37,000.
CODIFICATION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill for the codifica-
tion of the existing revenue laws of the United
States and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I may be indulged
in a few words in regard to the bill just reported,
and in relation principally to the reference which
ought to be made of it and the action to be taken
upon it. It is within the recollection of us all that
this subject has been before Congress prior to this
time, and since the year 1854; that different gen-
tlemen have been engaged upon it at various times,
and with various success; that upon a request of
the last Congress by a resolution thereof, that a
report was made upon the subject by the Secretary
of the Treasury to the present Congress, which
report was read to the House, ordered to be print-
ed, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
That report has been before us, as well as sub-
stantially every other communication germane to
the subject presented to the consideration of the
committee. We found that the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was defective in some re-
spects, and those respects having intimate rela-
tion to the classification of collection districts
throughout the United States and the ports of en-
try and delivery thereof, as well as to the com-
pensation of officers ofthe revenue; so radically
defective did we find this chapter, that we referred
them back to the Secretary, and the force of the
Department, under the direction of the commit-
tee, are engaged in remodeling that portion of the
bill. Of so great importance and consequence is
it to (he country, that we have decided not to in-
clude that portion of the general bill within the bill
now reported to the House
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. Itis," Shall the bill be read
a third time?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
read through ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. It can be done
after the gentleman shall have concluded his re-
marks, and before the question is put.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will not uselessly
occupy the time of the House; and shall not prob-
ably consume more than five minutes more.
I was saying that the character of this bill now-
presented by the committee to the House, is en-
tirely referential to the codification of the revenue
laws of the United States, as they at present exist.
This codification is based upon the laws of 1793
and 1799. There never has been a question made,
either in this House or by our judicial tribunals,
that these laws required codification.
It therefore consists simply of a collation of
those laws which are applicable to the collection
of the revenues of the Union, and of a supply of
other laws which are requisite to replace those
which, while a part of the system of 1799, have
become inapplicable to the extended ramifications
of our increased commerce.
I now ask that the bill may be read a third time,
and that its consideration be made the special
order for the second Wednesday of May next.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot have its third
reading at the present time unless the House de-
termine to proceed to the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw my
motion then, and move that the consideration of
the bill be postponed until the second Wednesday
of May next.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope no special
order will be made.
Mr. SEWARD. As this bill embraces very
important matter, I think it ought to go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
where it can be fully discussed and amended, and
therefore I adhere to my motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish to
say that the Senate having passed the resolution,
in concurrence with the House, to adjourn sine
die on the first Monday of June, it becomes neces-
sary that the appropriation bills should be speed-
ily acted upon, and I hope no special orders will
be made to interfere with that important part of
the public business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust that
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia will not
prevail, for the reason that this isamatter of legisla-
tion which is imperatively demanded by the coun-
try. This codification of the revenue laws is, as
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Cochrane]
remarked, one wluch has been before Congress
and before the Secretary of the Treasury for six or
eight years; and now that the bill has been per-
fected, I trust that the House will act upon it at
this session of Congiess. If it is referred to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
we all know it will not be reached, and will not
be acted upon. I hope, therefore, the motion of
my colleague on the committee—that the consid-
eration of the bill be postponed to the second
Wednesday of May next—will be agreed to, and
that the bill will then be taken up, and passed.
Mr. LETCHER.' Such a postponement will
give that biil precedence on that day, will it not?
The SPEAKER. During the morning hour.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope the House will
not adopt that course. If we are going to adjourn
in six weeks we ought to have the appropriation
bills considered.
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois whether this bill is not similar
in its provisions to the bill reported last Congress
by the gentleman from Maine, (Mr. Fuller?)
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is, m the
main; but in some respects it differs. I think i
there will be no objection to this bill upon either
side of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In reply, further, (
to the question put by the gentleman from Geor- |
gia, I may state there are many material variations '
from the bill introduced last Congress by Mr.
Fuller, of Maine; that the bill has been subjected
to the closest scrutiny of gentlemen jn the Treas-
ury Department; and has the approbation, I be-
lieve, of the Secretary of the Treasury himself.
And I further remark, for the information of the
House, that "this is not at all a bill which affects
in the least the collection districts of the Union,
the ports of entry and delivery, or the-compensa-
tion of revenue officers. It is simply a codifica-
tion of existing laws, and nothing more or less.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not desire to be captious
upon the subject; and in order to afford an oppor-
tunity to the gentleman to take a vote upon it, I
will withdraw my motion to refer, and in addi-
tion to the pending motion, I move that the bill
be printed. I want to look at it.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 83,
noes 55.
So the motion to postpone and print was agreed
to.'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion was agreed to, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMER FEARLESS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 51) to authorize
a register to be issued to the steamer Fearless.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, made adverse reports on the
following petitions; which were laid upon the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of merchants and business meruof
Chicago, asking for the improvement of the har-
bor of that city; and
The petition of sundry ship carpenters of St.
Louis, asking that the inspectors of hulls, pro-
vided for in the steamboat passenger bills, snail
be required to be practical shipwrights.
LANDS TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES, ETC.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, House bill No. 2, donating
public lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts.
Mr. COBB. Imove that the bill and reportbe
printed. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
W alb ridge] has a counter report which he wishes
to make; and I will yield the floor to him for that
purpose.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I desire to make a report
from the minority of the Committee on Public
Lands. In view of Jhe importance of this ques-
tion to the country, it being, I think, one of the
most important that has come before this House,
I move that its consideration be postponed until
Wednesday of next week, and that the bill and
the reports of the majority and minority of the
committee be printed, so that every gentleman
may act advisedly upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama surrender the floor?
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] introduced the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired of the
gentleman from Alabama whether be surrendered
the floor, with a view of knowing whether to en-
tertain the motion of the gentleman from Mich-
igan.
Mr. COBB. I surrendered it for the purpose
of allowing that motion to be entertained.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to yield me the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama yield the floor to the gentleman from
Vermont?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I object to the gentleman from Alabama holding
the floor and enabling the gentleman from Mich-
igan to make a motion to postpone, unless the
question is open for a motion to commit to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
or any other motion. I desire that the House
shall have an opportunity of determining what
they will do with the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the objection would have been properly taken if
it had been taken in time.
