1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2698
value in the principal markets of the United States. '
"Your present law predicates that the duties must '
be levied on the value at the principal market in 1
the country where the goods are produced. Does I
any man undertake to say or believe that wc can- •
not better ascertain the market value of articles .
in the city of New York, where at leasttwo thirds j
of the duties on imports are paid, than we can in ;
the principal port of China, to wit: Shanghai; or !
is it in the nature of things that there must be j
more difficulty in ascertaining what an article !
sells for m New York than in Europe or Asia? \
It appears to me too plain a proposition to be '
argued.
The Senator from Mississippi said there were
some articles imported into New Orleans that
were not known in New York. That, I think, is
a mistake; but I have provided that in any such
cases the duties should be taken in kind,and that
gets over all those difficulties. My proposition j
was so hastily printed that the printed copy con- ;
tains some errors. No time is given for a man to I
prepare an amendment to an appropriation bill, or i
any other bill, here. I have corrected the printed ;
copy, and made it so that I think there can be no !
difficulty on that score. I,
There is another provision, that the goods shall
be valued in the cunency of the United States. ;
Senators would hardly imagine the difference be- !
tween the valuation of goods here and in China, :
simply on account of the currency. T addressed ;
a note to one of the largest houses in China for
the purchase of goods destined for Europe ami ■
the United States, to inqune m regard to the dif- !i
ferent currencies in the different pons of China, 1
and the answer which I received is a very mtelii- ;
gent and instructive one. ) will n ft r the Senator ,
from Virginia, if he has any doubt about the re- '•
sponsibihty of these men, to my colleague, who
knows the partner of the firm that wrote mo thi<*
letter. He says that on one invoice o[ ^ 1,000 ,
purchased in Shanghai, per invoice cost, the cost ,
to theimporterin New York, includmccexchnngcs,
transit, and expenses, is $2,300 An invoice of
$1,000 worth of goods bought at Shanghai, costs ,
the importer when it is laid down in the ,
city of New York. Upon some Articles, such as !
silks, the duty is not over nine per cent, on the '
actual value here. Is theie any propriety m keep-
ing up such a system ? If you valued these ^oochs
in New York, you would get duties on $*2,300
instead of $1,000. If they are entered from Foo
Choo, the difference would be less, on account of
the exchange, and from Hong Kong it wou!d be
eighteen or nineteen hundred to one^thousand dol-
lars. These arc some of the inequalities we are
now subject to, and we import $20,000,0U0 annu- ■
ally from China; and we do not get, on an aver- !
age, half the duties, owing to the difference be- -
tween the currencies and the valuations. _
The Senator gave one other illustration, and ;
snoke with great apparent triumph that I had not
answered his figures exhibiting the favorable in- ,
fiuence of low duties upon exports. He gave us ;
the pxportsof tobacco, and said they had increased ;
threefold under a low-duty system. I should like |
Senators who live in regions where they grow to- :
bacco, to say if it ever occurred to them that the ;
increase in the exportation of tobacco was in con- i
sequence of low duties? I suppose the duties on ;
tobacco in all the consuming countiies are from
three hundred to eight hundred per cent.; and yet '
the Senator parades the figures about, the export 1
of tobacco as ati evidence of the stimulant that,
low duties give to exportation. 1 dare say the ;
duties on tobacco average five hundred per cent. .
m all the consuming countries of Europe; and
yet, in the last ten years, the exportation of it has
'increased threefold; and the Senator says that it
is an evidence of the influence of low duties on '
the exports of the country ! I should like to have
had time to review every single instance lie gave
upon which he said he was going to the country
to justify him in refusing to correct frauds when
he was hiring money to supply deficiencies m the
revenue. He took the ground that low duties
were producinir the most beneficial lesults on the
classes he < numerated. I have given every one
of the instances he stated from his tables. I could
tell the reason why the exports of manufactures ,
have increased. I have already indicated it by
saying that low duties had destroyed the homo
nidikeL for some of those articles, and had in-
duced the manufacturers to carry the coarser <
fabrics into the market of the world to dispose
of, very much to their injury and the detriment of
the general prosperity of tiie country. But you
may cipher out tables, and you might say that if
you were to destroy all manufacturing here you
would benefit the cotton planter, because he would
have to export his whole crop; whereas, every
cotton planter knows that the consumption of one
fifth or one sixth part of the crop in this coun-
try enables him to sustain the prices all over the
world: We come into the market early; and it is
our purchases that give tone to the market, and
enable them to sustain prices by diminishing the
amount they are obliged to send abroad.
I should like to have the vote on this proposi-
tion to incorporate into this bill a measure for
valuing goods in this country, and I had intended
to accompany it, if I got the assent of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, with a proposition to class-
ify the articles above the average rate so as to
put them all on an equality, and then let him,
or any friend of his who has charge of the rev-
enue, fix the rates, and then let them not charge
upon us, or upon me at any rate, any disposition
to increase the duties, or increase protection. I
said m the outset, and I say still, that if you stop !|
the fiauds, ami put (he different producers on a !|
fair footing of equality, you may fix the rates, ,!
and get your revenue to suit yourselves. I do ;J
not like to see a discrimination by which one ]■
inteiest has less than another with a \iew to h
break down the interests of the country m detail, 'j
Let them all fare alike, put an equal rate on all !;
the articles you intend indirectly to encourage, i|
and fix the rate to suit yourselves. I think, my- ;
self, that twenty per cent, would yield nunc rev- '
cnue, if you could prevent frauds, than the pn sent ,
rates, and 1 would be content with it, because it ,
would be uniform and certain, and American mi- 1
pollers could import as favoiably as foreigners; :
mid when the trade comes to be in the hands of j
responsible men, that is a great security to pro- '
duccrs in this country as well as those who deal |
with them. I send the amendment to the Chair,
and 1 ask that it may be read. It is so modified,
I think, as to meet the objection ofiWed by the i
Senator from Mississippi about his New Oilcans ;
goods. i
Mr. HALE and others. We do not want it 1
read.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I will state the parts I
have changed, with a view to meet the objections
1 suncested by jhe Senator from Mississippi. I
seeThowevcr, that the Senator from Virginia has
j got back: .md I must ask him if he is satisfied
j with classing all the goods together, and putting
! a rate to suit himself?
; Mi. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
I Rhode Island that 1 do not mean to.be drawn into
! a discussion of the tariff on this bill. When it
comes up legitimately, if f should be so fortunate
1 as to be here, and he should be here next year, I
, shall be very willing to hear him, and compare
: -opinions with him; but that is a matter I do not
desire now to debate. 1 raise a question of order
. on tins amendment. We ruled out the amend-
! ment of the {Senator from Mississippi to the nver
| and harbor bilih; and I ask the Senate to apply
i the same rule to this amendment.
j The amendment of Mr. Simmons is as follows:
I si;c. —. j]ml he it finlher cnaclrJ, Tiint the provisions
i of the M\iecnth and seventeenth sections of the cW ot 3«)th
i Aujju-t, ihe eighth becuon ol the act ot «>0fh July,
ldlfi, and the fn>t section of the act of :id Mat"h, 1851, to
far a-, the same relate to and direct the inamiei of a-ces! lin-
ing and det<" maung the value of merchandise imported into
' Hi'' United Staffs, at the principal markets of the eouiitnes
, fiom whieh the same ate unpolled, snail icinain and con-
tinue in lotcc, and m all ea^es, when the same i- piactica-
hle, the invoices of all good*, waies. and inoichandise at
lite pi,ice oi poit of e\poitation shall ho \erified by the eer
tiiieate of the eoo-ul ot the United Stares at such pent; and
in no ea-e shall the dujes upon goods be levied m any poit
j of the Tinted States upon an amount less than liie value
Mafrd in Mich invon:^, ,v lequuedm the pioviso to the
■ eighth section of sa.d act ol 30th July, 1646, unlessttie quan-
tity of the article^ imported shall tie le-sened, or the qual-
ity injuicrl upon tin* voyage of impoitiition.
| "Slc. —- be it Jurthcr cnmtetl, That, in order to
I picvent the continuance of fiaurt upon the icvenuc by
' the undervaluations of foreign nnpotts, and to provide lor
; the valuation* of imports in the panic currency in which
duties ate paid, to wit: til'' legal cunency otlho Tinted
£tai'*s u it h"ieby provided that, in addition to the exiting
pi o vi • ion 3 ofiaw ibi tin* enhy and appwtiseiiK at, or valua-
tion of env eood-, waio-?, oi meiehaiidi-e unpolled uito the
United ^fate<, it t-hail he the dufy of tiie o\\ net, importer,
: consignee, or nuunr of any good-*, wares, or meiehandi-e
1 unpolled uito any post o! the United State*, to e.sJniut to
I the collector or otiiei pioper oilicer of the customs of &uch
poit, a true invoice of the goods, wares, a d meichaudise
entered by such peison oi poisons at *ueh port, embiacing
a statement of the quantity, description, naluie, quality, and
the tine wholesale market price ot value of tiie same or
similar articles in the prim ipal maiket oi the United States,
to wit: the city of New Yoik, at the tune of such entry oi
impoitation, ot at the time nearest thereto which is practi-
cable', and such invoice shall be veiitied and proved by the
oath of the said owner, importer, consignee, or agent, vvho,
on conviction of false swearing thereon, shall be subject to
the toifoil«re and penalties as provided h> tiie laws of the
United States m like cases, and prosecuted as for willful and
corrupt peijury; and, upon such wholesale marketpricc or
value, to include all elements of costor increments of value
which enter into and become apart of such wholesale mar-
ket price or value, the latcs ot duty imposed by the existing
laws of the United States, at the time of entry of such im-
portation, upon each amcle enumerated in such invoice,
bhall lie assessed and paid . Provided, That if any collector
or other proper otlieer of the customs shall have doubts 5s
to the coirectness of the valuation as above descnbcd, or
should complaint or information be madeorgtveu by any
pei son or persons, of the incorrectness of any <=uch valua-
tion, it shall he tiie duty of the collector or other proper ot-
lieer of the customs to cause the tuie and actual wholesale
maiket pi ice or value of the same or similar aiucles in the
city of New York, at the time of entry at the port of entry,
to be ar-ecitaiuoduhd apptaised tn the same mode and inan-
nor as the wholesale maiket price or value is now ascer-
tained and appias^cd m the principal markets of the coun-
tiies j torn which the same is imported; and it shall tn eveiy
such ease be the duty of the appraiseisof the United States,
and eveiy of them, and every person who shall act as such
appraiser, or of the collector and naval officer, as the case
may be, by all reasonable ways and means m his or their
power, to'ascertain, estimate, and apptaisc the true actual
market value, or wholesale price of such goods, wares, and
merchandise, m the city of New York, at the time of entry ot
such good^, wares, and meichandise, nt the poit of lmporta
lion, without regard to any othci invoice., valuation, or ap-
piai^ement, <>r verification of the same by oath or otherwise,
ot the dtflbrunce of any such invoice or valuation to the con-
tiaiy notwithstanding. And if such last mentioned appraUn
or valuation shall exceed by ten per centum or liioio the
value so declatedon the entrv, tben,m addition to the duties
' imposed by law on the same Jhcic shall be levied, collected,
i and paid a duty of twenty p -i icniuiti ad vuloicm on such
' apputworl value, as provided in the eighth section of the act
! ot the ;i0th July, 1WP>, out.tied - An act reducing the duties
' on nnpoits and tor oilier purposes." And the srvctal col-
. lectors or other proper oificerc, tinder fueh regulations as
; may be prescribed by the Secictary of the Trea^uiy, when-
| ever it may be impracticable to aseeitam the actual market
: value at said pon of New Yoik, or from any other cause
| tliev shall deem it neeessarv to secure the pioper payment
! of the leventic due to the United States upon the unpona-
i tion of any goods, ware*, oi merchandise, may, and they
hereby air icquired, whenever the same is practicable, to
,' take the amount of duties ehat«eablc on any sulicles be.u-
il in  an a<I valoi cm late of duly in the article it«elf, aecotd-
'img to the pKspoition or rate pei centum of the duty on said
!, aruele-; and such goods so taken the collector or other
j: ptopei ofiieei shall cause to be sold, at public and ion, withm
! twenty days liom the time of taking the same, m the man-
'' nei picsciilnd bv law, and place tiie ptoceed^ atising liom
!i -uch ?ale m the Tjeasury of the United States. And the
i1 said collector or other piopei officer of tiie custom? i Ju: ther
i, authon/,ed and required, when he shall deem if. neccssaiv,
! i jo soeuie the pioper pa\ ment of the duties accrumu to tin;
i i Government of the United .States, to proceed in the manner
;: pre eni>ed in the eighfeent 11 section ot the said act, approved
i1 the ItOih day of August, JP1-2, even though noiiaudor tn-
tenlioiia! utuletvaluation ."hall be imputed; and as coin-
i' pen^ation to the collector and appunseiH for their services
,1 in such proceeding, they shall be, entulcd to a commission
i i of one per centum,'to be shaied by them, upon the amount;
i of duties thus reared and paid, in addition to such other
i compensation as they aie, by law, entitled to.
i Sec. —. *4ril it father enactcd. That should any per-
i son or p"i->ons eoinplam or give information to the collector
I oroihei propei ofl:eei of ihe enjoins, that any false or urt-
j deivahiation of any good-., wares, oi men handisc ha* lieen
made by any ownei, impoi ler, consignee., ot atient, as aforc-
;! s.ud. nndci the pi ei edi.ig section ot tins act, oi ot any ex-
i, istin<r law oi the Tinted States, with a view to defiaud the
!| C ovuninent of the duty legally due upon the snme, the
i proper otlieer shall proceed to ascettam and appraise the
1 true ln'itkot value, as provided for m th<; preceding section
il .uid aci-onitng to law, and if any lorfcituie oi penalrj shall
tie iii'-uued hv any such ownei, imporfr, con'-isnee, or
! agent, one half the amount or value of such foifeitme shall
i! aectue to the benefit ot the pei.-onor persons complaining
1 oi iiiwtic inlormation wlnrh may have led to the detection
of-uch iraud ot undervaluation.
\\ Srr. —. .tin/He it fnrlkrrcna<tei/, That all acts and parts
i of act- inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
; the 'ame are hr-ieby, lepealed
The PRESJDING OFFICER. The Senator
; from Virginia makes a question that it is not in
i order to originate in the Senate such an amend-
i' ment as this. That question the Chair will sub-
'! mit to tV Senate. Is this amendment in order?
] The question bein^ taken, Jt was decided in the
1 nemtive.
'! Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am well aware, Mr.
!; President, how weary the Senate must be ot this
li bill, which has occujucd so much of its time and
j: attention-, but I wish to offer nil amendment, the
object of which is to continue tiie publication of
'i the Ameriean State Papers. The character of this
ji work I need not undertake to explain to the Sen-
; ate. Under the autlionry of Conyvess, this pub-
|! lication has been brought dow 11 to ]y34; the pnb-
|j lication since that time has been discontinued, and
