1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I took it as soon as I un-
derstood what the proposition was. There was
go much confusion in the Hall that I did not at
first understand it. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late.
Mr. CLFNGMAN. Well, whenever the ques-
tion is put, it will, of course, oust the gentleman
from Alabama from the floor, and I shall then,
if I can get the floor, make the motion to commit.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to
a question of order. Either the gentleman from
Alabama has yielded the floor altogether, or the
motion of the gentleman from Michigan is not in
order. It is impossible that the gentleman can
keep the floor and yield it to another gentleman
to make a debatable motion, and then intervene
and cut off discussion on a debatable proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes the same
ruling in response to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky which he made to the gentleman from North
Carolina. It could not have been done if any
objection had been made. But no objection was
made at the time. The motion of the gentleman
from Michigan was received by the unanimous
consent of the House, given impliedly, at least, if
not expressly.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suggest
to the Speaker that it was impossible to know
what the gentleman's proposition was until he
uttered it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated it dis-
tinctly.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That his
intention was to move to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. No; that the gentleman had
moved to postpone.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As soon as
he made the motion, we raised the question of
order.
The SPEAKER. Some time has intervened
since the motion was made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We will get a chance after
a while to move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will withdraw his motion, in order that
I may submit some remarks on the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Alabama has the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I object to his yield-
ing it to everybody.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is difficult on
this side to hear what is going on between the
gentlemen on the other side, and I would inquire
what is the question pending?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Michigan to
print the bill and report of the majority of the
committee, and the views of the minority, and to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
until Wednesday of next week.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It is understood that I
include both the report of the majority and the
report of the minority.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair has stated.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman from
Alabama yield to me ?
Mr. COBB. I have no objection myself to
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I object, unless
the gentleman from Alabama yields the floor
unconditionally. 4-
Mr. COBB. I do not object, but I should like
to retain the floor for the purpose of reporting
other business.
Mr. MORRILL. I claim the floor. I propose
to offer an amendment which strikes out all in
relation to the Territories.
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend is not in
order.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, sir, I will submit
some remarks on the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Has the gentleman from
Alabama yielded the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understodH the
gentleman from Alabama to claim the floor no
longer.
Mr. COBB. I did not intend to yield the floor
unconditionally, but now I do not object to the
gentleman from Vermont going on with his re-
marks.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I have the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Vermont.
MINNESOTA BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
TheSPEAKfiR. It has.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I move
that the House proceed to the consideration of
'the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. MORRILL. Will I have the floor in the
morning ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have the
floor when the question again comes up.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will state to
the House that I wish to proceed to the consid-
eration of the business upon the Speaker's table
in order to take up the Minnesota bill. I demand
tellers on the motion to go into committee.
Mr. STANTON. What disposition does the
gentleman propose to make of that bill?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I propose to
take it up and to put it on its passage.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman from Vermont having the floor, it can-
not be taken from him by amotion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. According to the practice of
the House, the gentleman from Georgia, or any
other member, pending the motion to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table, can move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. GROW. Can the floor be taken from the
gentleman from Vermont, in order to proceed to
the consideration of the business upon the Speak-
er's table, and then, instead of going to that busi-
ness, can go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will remember that such has been the
uniform practice for six years.
Mr. GROW. I do not remember, and that is
why I put the question to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber that the practice has varied in a single instance.
Mr. GROW. The point I make is this: if the
motion to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table be voted down, will not the gentleman from
Vermont be entitled to the floor? I say that it is
not in order to put the question on the motion to
go into committee, until the question has been
taken on the motion to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House al-
low the motion to go into committee to be made
at any time. They give that motion precedence
over all others. When a motion is pending to go
to the business upon the Speaker's table, it is in
order, before that motion is disposed of, to move
to suspend the rules and go into committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In what con-
dition is the bill from which we are about to pass?
Will it go to the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. I hope there
will be no objection to the submission of a motion
to recommit to keep it before the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be considered that the motion to recommit is
pending.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the motion
to go into committee be voted down, and the mo-
tion I have made prevail, I propose to take up the
bill for the admission of Minnesota as a State into
the Union. I demand the yeas and nays on the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whatis the
gentleman's purpose when the bill is taken up?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is my wish
that it should be put on its passage. If the House
takes it up, however, it is for the House to do
what it pleases. I want it passed. I see no rea-
son why the admission of Minnesota should be
any longer delayed.
Mr. GOODE. The House has already adopted
a resolution to close the debate on the auxiliary
guard bill to-day, and I hope that,instead of going
to the business upon the Speaker's table, we will
go into committee, and afford an opportunity to
the gentlemen who have intimated a desire to be
heard on the question. I feel it to be my duty to
insist on my motion, although it is unpleasant to
me to differ from my friend from Georgia at any
time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
■ The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Case, Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Cox, Curry, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dowdeli, Durfee, Elliott, English,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Rob-
eit B. Ilall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, MeUueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Powell, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts, Royee, San-
didge, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Shorter,Robert Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Un-
derwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Warren,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood,
and Zollicoffer—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Burns, John B.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Corning, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Edmundson, Florence, Gartrell, Gillis, Greenwood, Gregg,
Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kelly, JacobM. Kunkel,Landy, Maclay,McKibbin,
Mason, Miller, Niblack, Phelps, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Ward, Wluteley, Woodson, Wortendyke, and John V.
Wright—69.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Burroughs was
detained at his room by illness.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones,of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 232, to establish an
auxiliary guard for the protection of public and
private property in the city of Washington, and
repealing all acts heretofore passed in relation to
that subject, on which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Thompson] was entitled to the floor.
AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. THOMPSON. In offering a few sugges-
tions upon the bill now before the committee, I
wish to state, in the first place, that I have no ob-
jection whatever to giving my support to a proper
bill organizing a police force in the city of Wash-
ington, to be paid in part by the General Govern-
ment. The District of Columbia is under the
peculiar jurisdiction of Congress; it is the child
of Congress. Here are our public buildings;
this is the place of meeting of the National Legis-
lature; here is the house of our President; here
our public grounds; and we are bound by every
consideration to make this a model city, and to
establish in it a model government. Persons and
property ought to be more secure here than in any
city in the United States. Now, sir, I would not
be nice upon this question; I would not split hairs
in regard to the particular amount of money I
would afford to the municipal corporation estab-
lished for the purpose of aiding them in organiz-
ing and maintaining an efficient police.
The propositions in this bill involve two ques-
tions. The first is a question of power, and the
second is a question of policy. Something has
been said by gentlemen in regard to the question
of power. It seems to me that very few observ-
ations will be sufficient upon that subject. Gen-
tlemen will find, by looking at the eighth article of
the Constitution of the United States; that there
is a provision in that article granting to Congress
the exclusive legislation in all cases whatever ove r
such district, not exceeding ten miles square, as
may, by cession of particular States and the ac-
