524-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
principle inimical to any State in this Union. I
am for giving to every State all the rights that the
Constitution of the United States guaranties to it.
I would nptinterfere with slavery where itexists,
but I think it a very different thing to prevent the
spread of slavery into free Territories.
Here I will allude, for a moment, to a remark
made, I think; by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Bigler] a few days ago. He stated
that it was very strange the Republican party
Which had been in favor of denying to the people
of the Territories any rights, should now be ad-
vocates of popular sovereignty, and in favor of
the submission of a constitution to the people
for their adoption. Does not the Senator from
Pennsylvania recognize the difference between a
State and a Territory ? Sir, we did contend, and
do now contend, that Congress has authority over
its Territories, to govern them as shall be best for
the interests of the people of the Territories. Be-
lieving it to be best for the interests of the people
living in a Territory not to have slavery when in
a territorial condition, we think Congress has the
right to keep it out; but we do not contend that
Congress may interfere with slavery in a State, or
with the domestic institutions of a State.
Now, sir, I want to know what has become
of the principle of the Nebraska bill, that has
been talked about so much—the principle of self-
government and popular sovereignty? Did it
apply to a Territory or a State? If it applied to
anything, it applied to a Territory. The Kansas-
Nebraska bill certainly has no force in any State
of this Union. It was never intended to have
force in a State. Even those who advocate it tell
you that it provided simply for a territorial gov-
ernment, and that it did not even convey author-
ity to form a State government. If that be so,
what is the great principle of that bill ? What is
the popular sovereignty of it? Is it the right to
regulate slavery ? All those who advocated that
bill deny the right of the people of a Territory to
settle the subject of slavery for themselves, ex-
cept when they comc to be a State. They indorse
the Dred Scott decision in the same way that the
President understands it, as establishing slavery
in all the Territories of the United States. What,
then, is the principle that was established by that
bill? It is no principle at all. No great rights
were conferred by it on the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas not possessed by the people of
every other Territory heretofore organized. Even
those who contended for this right of the people
of a Territory to regulate the subject of slavery,
have abandoned it, and now indorse the monstrous
doctrine put forth by the Supreme Court, estab-
ishing slavery 111 all the Territories.
By the way, permit me here to remark, for I do
not mean to discuss that matter on the present
occasion, that the opinions of the majority of the
judges of the Supreme Court are just upon a par
with the action of the army in Kansas. The army
were a set of usurpers there, or were used by
usurpers, for unlawful purposes, and the court
have undertaken to usurp authority, and pro-
nounce an opinion on a question not before them.
Judge Taney says m so many words that the case
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction; and yet,
after dismissing the case because the court had no
right to pass upon it, the majority go on and un-
dertake to express opinions about the slavery
question. Their opinions are worth just as much
as, and no more than, the opinions of any other
gentlemen equally respectable in the country. The
fact they wore gowns, sat on the bench, and pro-
nounced them in a case not before the court, gives
them no additional sanction. Mr. Buchanan
knows—it would be an insult to his intelligence
to suppose that he did not know, however he may
assume the contrary—that no such question has
been authoritatively settled as that slavery exists
in the Territories. There never has been a case
when it could be authoritatively settled; for in the
Dred Scott case every tyro knows that the court
decided they had no jurisdiction of it, and the
majority dismissed it for that reason. The minor-
ity, who disagreed, believed that the court had
jurisdiction; and it was necessary, in their view
of the case, to pass upon all the questions raised,
and to decide them upon their merits; but in the
opinion of the majority which controlled, there
being nojurisdiction to pass upon the case, what
they have said in regard to questions which might
have arisen if the court had jurisdiction to inves-
tigate them, is out of the case, and is of no au-
thority whatever, either in court or elsewhere.
Our position in regard to the rights of the people
of a Territory—or my position, for I speak for no-
body else—is, that during the territorial condition,
the people have such rights as Congress confers
upon them. Congress passes an act organizing
a Territory. That act is the charter under which
the people of the Territory act; the constitution,
if you please, by which they are bound. If Con-
gress thinks proper to confer on the people of a
Territory the right to exclude slavery, they un-
doubtedly may do it. Congress may itself ex-
clude it, and may always do what it grants author-
ity to the people of the Territory to do through
their Legislature. The Republican party, so far
as I understand its principles, never denied the
authority of the people of a Territory to exclude
slavery through their Territorial Legislature.
They have asserted that it would be proper for
Congress, in the first instance, to exclude it. If
Congress will not, let the people exercise the
right. Either may do it—the people, in subor-
dination to theact of Congress, or Congress itself.
It is a total misapprehension of the doctrines
we advocate, to say that we deny all right to the
people of a Territory, or that we oppose the doc-
trine of popular sovereignty in the foundation of a
State government. The latter question was never
raised between parties, the whole controversy be-
ing as to the government of the Territories, and
not the States. This attempt to transfer the prin-
ciple of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which was ap-
plicable to a Territory, if it had force anywhere,
to a State, is a total misconception of the bill, and
is applying it to a condition of things for which
it was not made.
Having said thus much in regard to this ex-
traordinary message, I have no objection to the
motion which has been made, that it be printed
and referred.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I shall re-
serve to another occasion any reply that I may
have to make to the onslaught which my colleague
has just made on the Nebraska bill, and the pro-
visions and principles involved in it. I need not
say to the Senate or to the country that I shall
at all times hold myself ready to vindicate the
principles, the provisions, and the history of that
measure from any assaults, no matter from
whcncc they may come. I do not choose, how-
ever, at this time, to be drawn into the discussion
of that question. Nor shall I go into the discus-
sion of the question presented by the message.
My opinions have been expressed to the Senate,
clearly, I think, so that all present understand
them. If they do not, I could not hope to make
them more specific to-day. I think the better
course, therefore, is for us to refer the message
at once to the committee, where it can be exam-
ined, and the authority upon which it rests can
be investigated, where the matteis of disputed
evidence and disputed facts can be reviewed and
brought before the Senate in a regular form for
action, when we can go into the discussion of the
measure.
Hoping that that will be the course of the Sen-
ate, I ask leave to present a remonstrance, signed
by certain gentlemen as Governor and State of-
ficers elect in the Territory, or State of Kansas,
whichever it may be called, protesting against the
reception of that State into the Union under the
constitution framed at Lccompton. I move that
this remonstrance be also referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD. And be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And that it be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, but for the
character of the assault which the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has thought
proper to make on the message of the President
of the United States, I should have been content
to let it go to the country and vindicate itself; but
on account of the nature of that assault, I deem
it to be my duty to express my hearty coopera-
tion with the policy which the message vindicates;
and at the same time to express my gratification
at the signal ability and power with which the
great principles lying at the bottom of that policy
have been presented to the American people by
the Chief Magistrate of the Union.
He has proposed to the American Congress, as
becomes his duty under the Constitution, that the
Territory of Kansas be admitted to her place as one
of the sovereign States of the Union. His policy is
that it shall be done now. Upon the point that Kan-
sas ought to be admitted into the Union, it seems
that all the people of Kansas, and all the represent-
atives of the people of the United States, in both
Houses of Congress, for the last three years, have
agreed. Since 1856, there appears to have been
no question with any portion of the inhabitants of
Kansas that it was their desire to come into the
Union. A large portion, said to be a majority by
those gentlemen who represent what is known
as the Republican party, formed for themselves,
nearly three years ago, a constitution known as
theTopeka constitution, and came here and asked
for admission into the Union under that instru-
ment. A very considerable portion of both Houses !
of Congress, a majority in the other branch, and
a large minority in this, voted to admit Kansas
into the Union under what was known as theTo-
peka constitution. Another portion of the people
of Kansas, acting under the authority of the ter-
ritorial government, and in obedience to law, took
no part in the action on theTopeka constitution.
Then the Territorial Legislature submitted the
question to all the people of Kansas, whether they
would come into the Union or not, and a very large
majority of the then inhabitants said they desired
to come into the Union. In conformity to their
wishes, thus expressed, the Territorial Legisla-
ture called the Lecompton convention. That con-
vention met in pursuance of this act of the Legis-
lature, which had for its authority the expressed
will of the people of Kansas at an election where
all had an opportunity of voting, and where, as far
as I am informed, no man complained that he had
not a fair opportunity of voting. Then, those of
the people who were on the side of law and order,
on the side of the territorial government recog-
nized by every Department of the Government of
the United States, said: " We too desire admis-
sion into the Union."
In 1856, this body seeing that this was the de-
sire of all parties in Kansas, the Topeka party
being before us with a constitution seeking admis-
sion , and believing it to be i llegal and not in proper
form to justify her admission into the Union,
other propositions were then made from various
quartets. The Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] acting in behalf of the friends of the
Topeka constitution, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] probably other Senators, and
myself, suggested plans for doing that which it
was settled everybody in Kansas wanted us to do,
and everybody here was willing to do, if we could
agree on the mode of doing it. I say, therefore,
the admission of Kansas is conceded to be neces-
sary, proper, and desirable, by all the people of
Kansas, and also by all the representatives of the
sovereigns among whom she desires to take her
place.
Then I suppose there can be no difficulty about
so much of the policy of the President as rec-
ommends that Kansas shall be admitted into the
Union. Waiving all question as to the number
of her people, for various and sufficient reasons,
it is admitted on all hands that it is proper to
admit her into the Union. The point of dispute
is, how shall she be admitted? The President of
the United States says she ought to be admitted
under the Lecompton constitution. Why? Why
ought she to be admitted under that constitution
rather than under the Topeka constitution ? The
President states historical facts, which no man
can deny. Those persons who framed the Topeka
constitution, for reasons which I do not pretend
to say wore true or false, as T am simply giving
the history of the affair, said: " We will trample
under foot the Territorial Legislature"—and the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] to-day,
indorses and defends their action for doing so—
" we will not recognize this government; we
assume that we are a majority of the people, and
we claim, proprio vigoj'e, by virtue of being a ma-
jority of the people of the United States in the
Territory of Kansas, that we can make our own
constitution, not only without law, but against
law, and demand admission into the Union,even
against the existing government of the Territory.99
That I deny; that the President denies. There
is the issue, and it is a grave issue. It is an issue
lying at the very foundation of public liberty—an
issue that will survive this question, and a thou-
sand such.
The President says Kansas ought to be admit-
