§72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June ly,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
: of the superintendent, agents, and sub- i
agents, thirty-six thousand dollars. _ j
For adjusting difficulties and preventing out-
breaks among the Indians in Washington Terri-
tory, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
* For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of the Indians in Washington Terri-
tory to the reservations therein, aiding them in
procuring their own subsistence, purchase of pro-
visions ahd presents, and compensation of labor-
ers and other employes, sixty-one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in California, including traveling ex-
penses of the superintendent, agent, and sub-
agent, fifteen thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians of California to the reser-
vations in that State, and for pay of physicians,
smiths, mechanics, and laborers at the reserva-
tions, one hundred and sixty-two thousand dol-
lars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service m New Mexico, presents of goods,
agricultural implements.andtither useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes
and sustain themselves by the pursuitjs] of civil-
ized life, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the compensation of three special agents
and three interpreters for the Indian tribes of
Texas, and for purchase of presents, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
tarnishing agricultural implements and stock for
the Indians m Texas, fifty thousand dollars; and
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to accept and survey the Indian reservation des-
ignated by an act of the Legislature of the State
of Texas, approved February fourth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, and to appoint an Indian
agent for said reservation.
For the maintenance of a school at Brazos
agency, pay of a teacher, and purchase of books,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Territory of Utah, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, including traveling expenses of the sup-
erintendent, agents, and clerk hire, fifty-live thou-
sand dollars.
Creeks.—For payment in goods to the Creek
Indians for damages on their annuity goods,
wrecked in the steamer Governor Meigs, in
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand nine hundred and ninety-five dollars and
twenty-five cents.
Seminoles.—For payment tn the Seminoles for
damages on their annuity goods, wrecked in the
steamer Governor Meigs, in December, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three hundred and thirty-
two dollars and eleven cents.
For reimbursement to W. J. Cullen, superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for the northern superin-
tendency, for expenditures made by him in the
recovery of five thousand dollars of the public
funds stolen from Fort Ridgely, six hundred and
fifty dollars.
OUoes and Mmourias.-—For keeping in repair
the grist and saw mill provided for by the seventh
article of the treaty of fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For the erection of a blacksmith's shop, for
supplying the same with tools ami keeping it in
repair, per seventh article of the treaty fifteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For erection of houses for the miller, farmer,
blacksmith, and engineer, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars.
For assistant miller, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer and assistant, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Omahai.—For keeping in repair the grist and.
saw-null provided for by the eighth article of the
treaty of sixteenth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-lour, five hundred dollars.
For the erection of a blacksmith's shop, for
supplying the same with tools, and keeping it in
repair, per eighth article of the treaty of sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For erection of houses for miller, farmer, black-
smith, and engineer, two thousand two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For an assistant miller, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer and assistant, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For this amount to erect suitable buildings at
the Omaha agency, to replace those recently de-
stroyed by fire, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Shawnees.—For fifth of seven annual install-
ments of money, in payment for lands, per third
article treaty, tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, ninety-nine thousand dollars, the same
having been omitted in the enrolling of the "Act
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine," approved May
fifth, eigh'een hundred and fifty-eight.
Winnebagoes.—For payment of Baptiste Las-
sallier, a Winnebago half-breed, for this amount,
to which he is entitled under the fourth article of
the treaty with the Winnebagoes, of the first No-
vember, eighteen hundred and thir'-v -seven, four
hundred dollars, with interest thereon from the
date of unauthorized payment to John H. Kinzie,
in eighteen hundred ana thirty-eight, at six per
centum, four hundred and eighty dollars, together
making eight hundred and eighty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to per-
form the engagements and stipulations of General
Harney made with the Sioux Indians at Fort
j Pierre in eighteen hundred and fifty-six, seventy-
two thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to ad-
just differences and preserve peace with the Cutt-
Heail and Yanctonaise bands of Sioux Indians,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Kor compensation of five extra clerks employed
in the Indian office under the act of fifth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third of
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and under
appropriations made from year to year, seven
thousand dollars.
Pawnees.—For fulfilling the stipulations in the
treaty with the Pawnees of the twenty-fourth of
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven:
For first of five installments in goods and
such articles as may be necessary for them, per
second article of said treaty, forty thousand dol-
lars.
For support of two manual-labor schools, dur-
ing the pleasure of the President, per third article
of said treaty, ten thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, per third article,
twelve hundred dollars.
For erection of houses for teachers, per third
article, one thousand dollars.
For two complete sets of blacksmith, gunsmith,
and tinsmith's tools, per fourth article, seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For erection of shops for smith, per fourth ar-
ticle, five hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron, steel, and other necessa-
ries for same, during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article, five hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to be
a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article, twelve
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in shops, per fourth article, four hundred
and eighty dollars.
For first of ten installments for farming utensils
and stock, during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article, twelve hundred dollars.
For the first year's purchase of stock, and for
erecting shelters for the same, per fourth article,
three thousand dollars.
For pay of a farmer, per fourth article, six
hundred dollars.
For the erection of a steam grist and saw mill,
per fourth article, six thousand dollars.
For first of ten installments for pay of miller;
at the discretion of the President, per fourth arti-
cle, six hundred dollars.
For first of ten installments for pay of an engi-
neer, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article, twelve hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices to assist in
working the mill, per fourth article, five hundred
dollars.
For the erection of dwelling-houses for the in-
terpreter, blacksmiths, farmer, miller, and engi-
neer, (five hundred dollars each,) per fourth arti-
cle, three thousand dollars.
For the first of three installments for the pay of
six laborers, per seventh article, three thousand
dollars.
For payment to Samuel Ailis, in remuneration
for his services,and for losses sustained by him,
per tenth article, one thousand dollars.
*For payment to Ta-ra-da-ka-wa, head chief of
the Tappahs band, and four other Pawnees, for
their services as guides, and for losses sustained
by them, (one hundred dollars each,) pereleventh
article, five hundred dollars.
To enable the Pawnees to settle any just claims
existing against them, per twelfth article, ten
thousand dollars.
For surveying the exterior lines of the reserva-
tion provided for in the first article, one thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs be, and he hereby is,
authorized and required, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, to remove from any tribal
reservation any person found therein without au-
thority of law, or whose presence within the limits
of the reservation may, in his judgment be detri-
mental to the peace and welfare of the Indians,
and to employ for the purpose such force as may
be necessary to enable the agent to effect the re-
moval of such person or persons.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to pay to such persons of
Miami blood as have heretofore been excluded
from the annuities of the tribe since the removal
of the Miamies in eighteen hundred and forty-
six, and since the treaty of eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and whose names are not included in
the supplement to said treaty, their proportion of
the tribal annuities from which they have been
excluded; and he is also authorized and directed
to enroll such persons upon the pay list of said
tribe, and cause their annuities to be paid to them
in future: Provided, That the foregoing payments
shall be in full of all claims for annuities arising out
of previous treaties. And said Secretary is also
authorized and directed to cause to be located for
such persons each two hundred acres of land out
of the tract of seventy thousand acres reserved
by the second article of the treaty of June fifth,
eighteenhundred and fifty-four, with theMiamies,
to be held by such persons by the same tenure as
the locations of individuals are held which have
been made under the third article of said treaty.
Approved, June 12, 1858.
Chap. CLYI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteenhundred and fifty-nine:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
recruits, three months' extra pay to non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates on re'en-
listment, one hundred and ten thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, three million five hun-
dred and ninety-one thousand seven hundred and
eighty-four dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, nine
hundred and ninety-eight thousand four hundred
and thirty-four dollars and fifty cents: Provided,
That the Superintendent of the Military Academy,
while serving as such by appointmentof the Pres-
ident, shall have the local rank, the pay and al-
lowances of a colonel of engineers; that the com-
mandant of the corps of cadets at the Military
