1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
Laws of the United States.'
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
From Knight's Ferry, by La Grange, to Ho-
ruitas, Mariposa county.
From Nevada city, by Alpha, to Washington,
Nevada county.
From Yrka, via Shasta valley, Soda springs,
Portuguese flats, Dog Creek, Churntown, to
Shasta.
DELAWARE.
From Smyrna, via Chesterfield and Millington,
in Kent county, Maryland, to Chestertown, in
the ^ame county.
FLORIDA.
From Mellonville, via Apopka Lake, Harris
Lake, Adamsville, Sumpterville, Monroe's ferry,
Pierceville, and Spring Hill, to Bay P.ort.
From Marianna, Florida, viaBellvue, to Bain-
bridge, Georgia.
From Bay Port to Clear Water Harbor.
From Orlando, in Orange county, to Adams-
ville, in Sumpter county, via south side of Lake
Apopka.
From Clear Water Harbor to Tampa.
From Pilatka to Station at Bellamy road.
From Silver Spring, via Orange Springs, to
Station at Bellamy road.
From Cedar Key to New Orleans, in steamers.
From Fernandina to Charleston, in steamers.
From Cedar Key to Key West, in steamers.
From Starke to Pilatka, via Cadiz and Tim-
mons.
From Starke, via New river, to Providence.
From Fort Gates, on the St. Johns river, via
Lake Charles and Silver Springs, to Osceola.
From Marion Cross Roads, in Jefferson county,
via Fmholloway, Econphenia Spring, Warrior,
and Cook's Hammock, to Clay Landing.
From Little River, in Columbia county, via
Samuel Barber's and William Johnson's, to
Shoaltown, on the Suwannee river.
From Doctor Town to Holmesville.
From Ocapelco to Piscola.
From Magnolia to Troublesome.
From Holmesville to Doctor Town.
From Doctor Town to Waynesville, via Pen-
darvis' store.
From Newman to Carrollton.
From Doctor Town, via Holmesville, Ocmul-
geeville to Feronia.
From Little York to Boxville.
From Jonesboro' to Stockbridge.
From Palmetto to Carrollton, via Rivertown
and Chanceville.
From Thompson to Lincolnton
From Franklin to La Grange.
From Seward, via Mount Yernon, to Battle-
ground.
From Waresboro' to Irwinsville.
From Blakely, via Starford's Store, in Miller
county, Curry's bridge, on Spring creek, and
Hutchinson's ferry, to Cluincy, Florida.
From Greenville, via Woodbury, Thundering
Spring, and Tepid Springs, to Thomaston.
From Eilejay to Jasper.
From Columbus, via King post office, Cusseta,
to Green Hill.
From Americus to Holley Grove.
From Vienna to Vineyard.
From Hawkinsville, via Lawson, Abbeville,
and House creek, to Irwinsville.
From Newman, via Bowenville, Carrollton,
Bowdon, (Georgia,) Arbacoochee, Warren, to
Oxford, Alabama.
From Gainesville, via Brown's bridge and Coal
Mountain, to Cummmg.
From Clarkesviile to Carnesville.
From Clayton, via Huopee, to Blairsville.
From Atlanta,via Gainesville, Sulphur Springs,
and Carnesville, to Hartwell.
From Lexington, via Wolfe Skin, to Watkins-
■ville.
From Warrenton, via Gibson, to Fenn's
Bridge.
From the city of New York, via Savannah,
Georgia, Thomasville, Tallasse, (Florida,) St.
Marks, to New Orleans, Louisiana.
From Forsyth to Russellville.
From Boxville to Sugar Creek.
From Marietta, via Powder Springs, Salt
Springs, New Manchester, and Campbelltown, to
Fairburne.
From Morgan, Calhoun county, to Blakely, in
Early county.
ILLINOIS.
From Mount Sterling, via Buckhorn,Walker's
Neck, George Peyton's, Liberty, Adams post
office, in the village of New Town, Payson to
Hannibal, Missouri.
From Versailles, via Chambersburgh, Perry,
to Griggsville, in Pike county.
From Camp Point, Adams county, via Hous-
ton, James Sales, in two north, range seven west,
Big Neck post office, and Woodville, in Adams
county, Chili, West Point, James Rankin's, to
Warsaw.
From Dakota, on the Racine and Mississippi
railroad, via Rock Grove, to Broadhead, on the
Milwaukee and Mississippi railroad, Wiscon-
sin.
From Joliet to Oswego.
From Golconda to Raleigh.
From Trenton to Mascouta.
From Ottawa, via Buck creek and Freedom, to
Earlsville.
From Belleville, via Shiioh, to Lebanon.
From Kankakee city, on the Illinois Central
railroad, to Dwight, on the Chicago and St. Louis
railroad.
From Rockford, via New Millford, Killbuck,
and Linden wood, to Lane.
From Junction, viaLindenwood, White Rock,
and Payne's Point, to Oregon.
From Lane to Oregon.
From Mattoon, in Coles county, via Paradise
and Greenland, to Vandalia.
From Olney, in Richland county, via St.
Marie and Newton, in Jasper county, to a point
on Eastern Branch Central railroad.
From Preston to Chester, in Randolph county.
From Mattoon, via Sullivan, Marrowbone, to
Decatur.
From Fayetteville to Elk Horn.
From Mount Vernon to Richview, in Wash-
ington county.
From Springfield, via Groveland, Delavan,
Prairie creek, and Middletown, to Peoria.
From Chester, in Randolph county, via Steu-
benand Worthington, to Murphysboro', in Jack-
son county.
From Table Grove, in Fulton county, to Ver-
mont.
From Bernadotte, in Fulton county, to Ipavia.
Prom Argyle to Colchester, in McDonough
county.
FromMonmouth,via Ellison, Raritan,and Bed-
ford, in Henderson county, to La Harp, in Han-
cock county.
From Carthage to Appenoose.
From Florence to Winchester.
From Rushville,via Littleton and Birmingham
to Plymouth.
From Macomb, in McDonough county, via
Johnson and Table Grove, to Ipavia.
From Rock Island, via Dubuque, to Dunleith,
Iowa.
From Washington, Tazewell county,via Mack-
inaw, Little Mackinaw, and Armington, to At-
lanta.
From Chillicothe, via Northampton, Long
Ridge, Valley post office, to Wyoming.
From Pecatonica, via Durand, Loona, and
Avon, to Broadhead, Wisconsin.
From Grouse, via Kaneville, to Blackberry
Station.
From Atlanta, via Mount Hope, Armington,
and Mackinaw, to Washington.
From Havanna, via Mason city and Stephens,
to Lincoln.
Fiom Mattoon to Vandalia.
From Girard, via Lanesville, to Litchfield.
From Alton, via Harris and Woodburn, to
Bunker Hill.
From Cheona, via Fairbury, to Douglas City.
From Elizabeth, via Avery, Guilford, Scale's
Mound, White Oak Springs, and New Diggings,
to Shullsburgh, Wisconsin.
From Warren, via,Greenvale, Ward's Grove,
Stockton, Pium river, Derinda,and Elizabeth, to
Hanover.
From Equality, via Harnsburgh and Marion,
to Carbondale.
From Murphysboro', via Blairsville and Her-
ring's Prairie, to Marion.
From Pinckneyvilie, via Grand Cote Prairie, to
Coulterville.
From Jonesboro', via William Penrod's and
Willard's Landing, to Jackson, Missouri.
From Caledonia to Valley Forge.
From Dunleith, via Potosi, Cassville, Patch-
grove, to Prairie du Chien, in Wisconsin.
INDIANA.
From Natches, in Martin county, via Pleasant
Valley, Halbert's Bluff, Dover Hill, and Scotland,
to Bloomfield, in Greene county.'
From Jasper, in Dubois county, via Porter-
villo, High Rock, and Hudsonville, to Washing-
ton.
From Rochester, via Kewana, and Moores-
burgh, to Winnemac.
From Bourbon,via Tippecanoetown, to Bloom-
ingsburgh.
From Knox, via Lake City and North Bend,
to Monterey.
From Knox, via Clear Spring, to West York.
From Francesville to Winnemac.
From Koko'ma, via John McDowell's, to Bur-
lington.
From Lexington to Charleston.
From Michigantown, via Burgett's and Rus-
siaville, to Kokomo.
From Frankfort, via Kirlcland, Hillsboro',
Berlin, and Petersburg, to Tipton.
From Rockville,via Ionia, Bridgeton, to Brazil.
From Winnemac to Francisville.
IOWA.
From Prairie du Chien, via Nezekaw, Ion,
Buckland, Volney, Cleveland, to Franlcville.
From Mason City, via Bristol, to Albert Lea.
From Clayton, via Garnarvillo, Reed,Elkader,
and Waggoner, to Clermont.
From Prairie du Chien, via Johnson's Land-
ing, Bell's Mills, and Waterville, to Wawkon.
From Des Moines, via Winterset, Afton, Bed-
ford, Mound City, Missouri, to White Cloud,
Kansas.
From Dyersville, via Fairbank and Waverly,
to Clarksville.
From Cascade, in Dubuque county, via Isabel,
Overreach's Ferry and Walnut Grove, in Jones
county, PioneerGrove.in Cedar county, Gower's
Ferry, to Iowa City.
From Fort Dodge, via Lizzard Fork and Storm
Lake, to Cherokee, in Cherokee county, Ply-
mouth, to Westfield. _
From McGregor, via Elkader, Volga City, to
Manchester.
From McGregor, via Postville, Ossian, Fort
Atkinson, Jacksonville, and North Washington,
to St. Charles city.
From St.Charles city, via Rockford and Mason
city, to Algona.
From Manston, via Wonewoc, to Hillsbo-
rough.
From Sioux city to Sioux Falls.
From Fillmore, via Jacksonville, Walker's,
Clear Creek, Braddy's Mill, to Clarinda.
From Fort Dodge, along the west bank of the
Des Moines river, crossing the west branch at
Dacotah, up the west branch to the Irish colony,
there crossing the west branch, to Spring Lake.
From Des Moines City, via Indianola, Osce-
ola, and Leon, in Iowa, and Gentry Court-House,
(Missouri,) to Saint Joseph in the State of Mis-
souri.
From Lewis, vialranistan. Blake's Settlement,
Rocky Ford, Corey post office, to Sidney.
From Beliefontaine, via Attica and Gosport, to
Chariston.
From West Union, via Fredericksburgh and
Bradford, to St. Charles City.
From Des Moines, via Buffalo Grove, Ripley,
and Jefferson, in Green county, to Sac city in
Sac county, to Sioux City, in Woodbury county.
From Webster, via Hewitt, Buffalo Grove,
Blue Earth City, to Mankatoo, Minnesota.
From Lewis, in Cass county, via Smith Bell'3
Mill, and Sciota, 111 Montgomery county, to Cla-
rinda, in Page county.
From Dubuque, via Bellevue and Sabula, to
Davenport.
From Sioux City, in Woodbury county, via
Plymouth city, to Spirit Lake.
From Sioux City, in Woodbury county, via
Nicolet, to Sioux Falls, Minnesota.
