5W
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Deg Moines, via Jefferson, in Green
county, Lake City, Calhoun county, to Sac City,
in Sac county.
Prom Des Moines, via Dayton, Fort Dodge,
Addison, and Paoli, to Spirit Lake.
Prom Bentonsport, in Van Buren county, via
Keosauque, Philadelphia, Iowaville, Ottumwa,
Eddyvilie,Amsterdam, Red Rock, Bennington,
Lafayette, and Adelphi, to Des Moines.
Prom Burlington, via Augusta, Denmark, West
Point, Dover, and Primrose, to Parmington.
Prom Marietta, via Navada, Boonesboro',
county seat of Green county, county seat of Car-
roll county, Dennison, and Belvidere, to Decatur,
Nebraska Territory.
Prom Des Moines City, via Indianola, Chari-
ton, Corydon, Walnut, (Iowa,) St. John, and
Milan, to Jefferson City, Missouri.
From Elkador, viaElkport, Millville, to Cass-
ville, Minnesota.
Prom Magnolia, via Preparation, Belvidere,
and Smithland, to Correctionville.
Prom Dyersville, via Poultney, Plum Spring,
Yankee Settlement, Honey creek, Cox creek,
Volga City, Highland, Elgin, Clermont, &c., to
Decorah.
Prom Independence, via Laporte City creek,
Lafayette, Marietta, Iowa Centre, to Des Moines.
Prom Clayton, via Garnavillo, Clayton Cen-
tre, Elkador, Highland Dinna, to Payette.
Prom Ottumwa, Chillicothe, Cuba, to Alban.
Prom Cedar Falls, via Willoughby, Swanton,
Bear Grove, Genoa, to Marysville.
Prom Sioux City, via Sergeant's Bluff, Smith-
land, Morris, Denison, Carrollton, Panora, to
Adel.
From Brunswick to Unionville.
Prom Knoxville, via Red Rock, Reedsville,
Monroe, to Newton.
From Magnolia, via the mouth of Soldier river,
Cumming City, Fonteneile, Buchanan, North
Bend, Columbus City, and Monroe, to Cleve-
land, Nebraska Territory.
Prom Tipton, in Cedar county, to Rome, Mad-
ison, and the center of Jones county, and thence
to Cascade, in Dubuque county.
From Muscatine to Oscaloosa, via Ononna,
Columbus City, Amboy, Washington, and Si-
gourney.
From Oscaloosa to Council Bluffs, via Knox-
ville, Indianola, and Wintersett.
From Independence, by Pairbank, in Buch-
anan county, Franklin, Bremer, and Leroy, in
Bremer county, to Fredericksburgh, in Chicka-
saw county.
Prom Mount Pleasant, in Henry county, via
Wayne, in said county, Crawfordsville, Amboy,
Davis creek, and Yatton, in Washington county,
and Seventy-Eight, in Johnson county, to Iowa
City.
From Iowa Falls, in Hardin county, via Ma-
rysville, Hampton, and Saratoga, in Franklin
county, to Mason City, in Cerro Gordo county.
Prom Dacotah, in Humboldt county, via the
south half of section eighteen, township ninety-
three, and range thirty, and Paoli, in Palo Alto
county, to Spirit Lake, 111 Dickinson county.
From Wintersett, in Madison county, via Fon-
teneile, Adair county, to Lewis, in Cass county.
From lowaville, via Troy, Stringtown, and
Milton, to Memphis, Missouri.
From Wiscotta, Dallas county, via Bolds, in
the northeast corner of Adair county, Holliday's
Settlement, and Clarksvilie, to Fonteneile, in said
county.  
From Eddyville to Des Moines, via Hamil-
ton, Marysville, Attica,Knoxville, Pleasantville,
Wheeling, Hartford, Carlisle, and Avon.
From Newton, Jasper county, to Nevada,
Story county, via the State road.
From McGregor, via Elkader, Volga City,Tay-
lorsville, Brush creek, Buffalo Grove, to Inde-
pendence.
From Q.umcy, via Brookville, to Bedford.
From Sioux City to Covington.
From Steamboat Rock, in Hardin county, via
Berlin, Bur-Oak Grove,Skunk Grove, and Web-
ster City, to Fort Dodge.
From McGregor's, in Clayton county, via
Monana, Fort Atkinson, in Winmsheik county,
Jacksonville and New Hampton, in Chickasaw
county, to St. Charles City, in Floyd eounty.
From Inkpadutah, on the Big Sioux, to Iowa,
on the Missouri river, (Dacotah Territory.)
From St. Charles via Mason City, Clear Lake,
Algona, and Paoli, to Moulton City.
From Cedar Falls, via Belmond, Algona, and
Spirit Lake, to FortRidgely, (Minnesota.)
From Westfield, via Greeley's Grove, to Inde-
pendence.
From Marietta, via Lafayette, Steamboat
Rock, Ackley,Naman town, Hampton, Saratoga,
Mainse Grove, Doun Grove, to Mason City.
From Iowa City, via Windham, Lafayette
City, Millersburg, Montezuma, Linn Grove, to
Des Moines City.
From Toledo, via Boonsboro', New Jefferson,
Carrolton, Denison, Belvidere, Onawa, Cook's
Landing, to Decatur, in Nebraska Territory.
From Grinnell, via Green Castle, Timber
creek, to Marietta.
Prom Cedar Falls, via Willoughby, to Leoni,
the county seat of Butler county.
Prom Mount Pleasant, in Henry county, to
Washington, in Washington county, via Tren-
ton, Marshall, and Marcellus.
From Marengo,in Iowa county, to Vinton, in
Benton county, via Irving, in Benton county.
From Ashton to Decatur, in NebraskaTerritory.
From Marietta, via Nevada, Boonsboro',New
Jefferson, to Carrolton.
From Mitchell, via Plymouth to Mason.
From MountVernon, via Linden, Paddington,
to Wapsa.
From New Jefferson, via Lake City, Raccoon
Fork, to Sac City.
From Onawa, via Smithland, Cherokee, to
Spirit Lake.
From Osage, via Shell Rock Falls, to Mason
City.
From Ossian, via Calmar, Buchanan, New
Oregon, Vernon Springs, Morgan, Grainger, to
Foreston.
Prom Ottumwa, via Chillicothe, Cuba, to Abia.
From Sac City, via Lane's Grove, Spirit Lake,
and Springfield, Minnesota, to Maukato.
From Cascade, via Suplis Ford, to Wyoming.
From Centreville, via Moravia, to Albia.
From Clear Lake City, via Elk Grove, Forest
City, to Blue Earth City, Minnesota.
From Corydon, via Warsaw, Medicineville,
and Terre Haute, Missouri, to Scottsville.
From Corydon to St. Johns, Missouri.
From Ciescent City to Florence, Nebraska Ter-
ritory.
From Delhi to Nottingham, on the Dubuque
and Pacific railroad.
From Dennison, via Belvidere, Ashton, to Dex-
ter in Nebraska Territory.
From Des Moines, via Mitchell, Green Castle,
Edenville, Starry Grove, to Marietta.
From Fort Dodge to Sioux Falls, Minnesota.
From Fort Dodge up West Fork of Des Moines
river, to Spirit Lake.
From Greenfield, via Holaday'sand Pierson's
Mill, to Adell.
From Harlin, via Waukon, New Galena, Dor-
chester, Portland Prairie, Minnesota, and Cale-
donia, to Brownsville.
From Iowa Falls, via Alden,Otisville, Fryburg,
Belmond, Bur Oak Grove, Forest City, to Blue
Earth City, Minnesota.
From Iowa Falls, via Belmond, to Clear Lake
City.
From Leon, via Stanley's Store, Spring Val-
ley, to Nine Eagles.
From Lewis, via Wheeler's Grove, Farm
Creek, Silver Creek, to Glenwood.
From Bloomfield to Lancaster, Missouri.
From Bradford to Rockford.
From Cedar Falls, via Willoughby, Butler
Centre, Bear Grove, Maysvilie, Hampton, Sara-
toga, Belmont[dJ, Irvington, to Algona.
From Decorrah, by Bluffton, Plymouth Rock,
Twine Springs, Arnoldsville, Lane Springs, For-
est City, and Leroy, to Austin, in Minnesota.
From Dyersville, via Rockville, Hopkinton, to
Anamosa.
From Independence, via Chatham, Fairbank,
Rock's Settlement, to Fredericksburg.
From Johnsonport, via Rossviile, Cleaveland,
Lybrand, Postville, Clearmount, to WestUmon.
From Landing to Twine Spring, in Wmne-
sheik county.
Prom Magnolia, via Preparation, Belvidere,
Smithland, to Sioux City.
From Monticello, via New Buffalo, McQueen's
Mill, to Paris.
From Mount Vernon, via New London, Pad-
dington, to Clark's Ford.
From Rockford, to Rock Grove City.
From Rockford, via west side of Shell Rock
river, Nora Springs, to Shell Rock Falls.
From Webster, via Peck's Cooper's Indianap-
olis, to Hopewell.
From West-Union, via Wapsi, Buck run,
Martinsburg, to Waverly.
From Belmond, via Liberty, Dacotah City, to
Packard's settlement, (on the Little Sioux.)
From Walnut Fork, via Madison, and the cen-
ter of Jones county, to Cascade.
From Webster City, by Dacotah City, Paoli,
Irish Colony, to Spirit Lake.
Prom Webster City, via Crogper's Grove, to
Maukato, Minnesota.
From West Liberty, via Pike, to Port Allen.
From Wilton Junction, via Tipton, to Loudon
Station, on the Chicago, Iowa, and Nebraska
railroad.
From Sioux City, via the mouth of Vermillion
river, and the lower crossing of James river, at
the present established ferries on those rivers, to
Fort Randall, Nebraska Territory.
From Fort Dodge, via Emmett City, thence to
Odessa, in Minnesota, thence via Otesco, Crystal
Lake City, to JWaukola. [Maukato.]
From McGregor to Owatonna, in Minnesota.
Prom Sioux City, Iowa, via lower crossing of
the Big Sioux river, the mouth of Vermillion
river, present crossing of James river, and Cho-
teau creek, to Indian Agency, on the Yancton
Sioux reserve and Fort Randall.
From Sioux City, via Neobrara, to the Indian
agency of the Ponka Indians, and the valley of
the Neobrara river, to the South Pass of the Rocky
Mountains, via Chimney Rock.
Prom Sioux City, via Sioux Falls, to the mouth
of Snake river.
From Fort Randall, Nebraska Territory, via
the mouth of Crow river, passing on the east side
of the Missouri, to the mouth of Little Medicine
Knobb river.
From Sioux Falls to Fort Randall.
From the mouth of James river, via Blue Earth,
Rocky Hill, Sandy Hill, to Wakaudapi Hills.
From Neobrara, via Ponka reserve, to Chim-
ney Rock.
From Sioux City, Iowa, via Neobrara to Ponka
reserve, to Fort Randall and mouth of White
Earth river.
KENTUCKY.
From Lebanon, via Bradfordsville, Liberty,
Poplar Hill, Adam's Mill, to Somerset.
From Murray to Feliciana.
From New Liberty to Ghent.
From Murray, via Boydsville, Dukedom, and
Feliciana, to Hickman.
From Providence, via Clyde, to Vanderburgh.
From Paducah, via Mayfield and Feliciana, to
Hickman.
From Crittenden to Falmouth.
From John Word's,in Knox county, to Bush's
Store, in Laurel county.
From Flat Lick to Manchester.
From Ashland to Stewart's Tunnel.
From Paris, via Flat Rock, Sharpsburg, to
Owingsville.
I From Bells Trace, via New Hope, to Head of
Paint.
FromGladesville, (Virginia.) via Willow Lick,
Head of Poor Fork, to John Sturgel, Kentucky.
From Somerset, via Sublimity, to Williams-
burgh.
From Sublimity to Linden.
From Hustonville, via Middleburg, Adam's
Mills, to Somerset.
From Louisville, by the plank road, to Tippe-
canoe, in Oldham county.
From Hopkinsville to Paducah, via Cadiz,
Watlonia, Rock Castle, Birmingham, Bnansburg,
and Palmer.
From Paducah to Blondville, via Jamestown,
Newton's Creek, and Hazlewood.
From Cadiz, via Donaldson, to Limeport, Ten-
nessee.
From Madisonville to Caseyville.
