1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that when both of those clubs were organized at
that particular time, though there were violent
men in both, neither one of those clubs used vio-
lent means against citizens coming to the polls;
and I defy the gentleman from New York or any
other gentleman to show a case where a citizen
in the city of New York was attacked by them
when going to the polls to exercise the right of
suffrage guarantied to him by his country. That
cannot be said here, for I am reminded of the
transactions which took place in this city last
June.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quit-
man] said, in his speech, that there was no vio-
lence in.this city; that he had traveled around on
frequent occasions, in order to see if some one of
these rowdies would not attack him. Now, I
know that gentleman has displayed courage upon
the battle-field, and rendered essential service to
his country. No man doubts his integrity, his
honesty, and his bravery; but had he been here
last June, he would have met in the streets of this
city that which no man desires to meet. I saw a
body of young men from eighteen to twenty years
of age, driving men of thirty and forty years of
age before them like sheep from the field, and firing
their pistols among them indiscriminately; yet
there did not appear to be, so far as I could see,
courage enough m the citizens of this city to re-
sent the outrage which was perpetrated upon them
at that time.
Crime, Mr. Chairman, in all cities, whether it
be here, or in New York, or elsewhere, unless
checked by the physical power of man, will con-
tinually manifest itself. Some gentlemen here
have argued that you cannot check it by physical
force; that moral force must be resorted to. That
is all humbug, for such a check amounts to noth-
ing at all. Violence of all description will be com-
mitted unless you have proper officers to prevent
it. Then, in this case, you ought to organize a
police force to meet this exigency, and to arrest
the individuals who are in the habit of commit-
ting crimes in your city.
Now, this bill organizes an efficient police, under
the jurisdiction of officers of this Government,
who have the full control of it—a force which will
be the means of protecting individuals who come
here to transact business, as well as yourselves—
for many of you admit that it is dangerous for
you to leave your rooms at night, that you are
afraid of encountering these marauders who infest
the city. The force proposed by the gentleman
from New York is objectionable for the reasons
I have given. It appears to me that our Repub-
lican friends upon the other side of the House are
very partial to commissioners, if we mayjudgq
them by the acts they have committed in the State
of New York. We had an efficient police in the
city of New York, under the supervision of the
chief magistrate of that city. The Republicans
in the Legislature were told that it was not effi-
cient; and for the purpose of bettering it, and in
order—to use the language of gentlemen upon the
other side, and the language of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton]—to give patronage to
their party, they made a police for us. And what
has been the consequence? Since those commis-
sioners have hold office m the city of New York,
I have not learned that a single individual of op-
posite politics has been appointed upon the police.
The main objection upon the other side of the
House, in my opinion, arises from the fact that
they ^suppose the chief of police who may be
appointed by the President of the United States
will be partial in his appointments, and will ap-
point only partisans, or those who favor his polit-
ical principles, as it is supposed the President
will appoint a man who is of his politics. That j
argument, in my opinion, cannot hold good. I i
do not think it will be carried out; and I know if
I had anything to do with it I would not be par-
tial at all. I would select men for their characters
alone. If I saw they were efficient, physically
able to do the duties of policemen, and of good
moral characters, I would appoint them upon such
grounds alone, without regard to politics. But
gentlemen say they are afraid to trust the Presi-
dent. Weil, we arc afraid to trust them in the city
of New Yoik.
Mr. LEITER. I understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Kelly] to say that the
Republicans in his State passed a law forcing
that regulation upon the city. I want to know
April 15,
whether his own party has not refused to, repeal
the law—they having the power to do it.
Mr. KELLY. No, sir, they have not the power
to do it. "Your party still have the power in the
Legislature. We have endeavored to repeal the
law but you have prevented it by your majority
in the Legislature.
Mr. EUSTIS. I have no desire to embarrass
the gentleman from New York, but I would like
to ask him howhereconcileshimselfto the idea of
taking away from the Mayor of Washington the
power of appointing the police, and at the same
time complains that that power was taken away
from the Mayor of the city of New York? I
should like to understand the rule of logic upon
which he bases his opinion.
Mr. KELLY. In the case of the city of New
York it was entirely a different matter. There
were no petitions sent to the Legislature asking
them to pass such a law as they passed. They
passed it in defiance of many petitions, and of the
action of the Common Council of the .city, who
memorialized them against it. And when a com-
mittee of the Common Council went to Albany,
to protest against it, they were told by Mr. Lit-
tlejohn, the chairman of the Committee on Cities
and Villages, " why, there is no use of your com-
ing here to memorialize the Legislature; you have
a large party and large patronage; our party is
weak in the city of New York, though strong in
the interior; we desire to build up a party there,
and the only way in which we can do it—for our
principles are weak with the people—is to pass a
police law, and get the control of the appointment
of the police under it."
But, as I understand it, the Mayor of this city
has stated explicitly that he, and others who re-
side here, are willing to give up the charter. He
acknowledges that they have not power enough
to protect the interests of the citizens, and is will-
ing to throw lip the charter. He is willing that
the President shall appoint the chief of police.
Upon the other hand, the Mayor and Common
Council of New York protested against the law
passed by the Legislature; and forty-two thou-
sand voters of New York protested against it, to
but sixteen thousand Republican votes cast; yet,
in the face of all that, the Legislature passed a
law as detrimental and injurious to the interests
of the city of New York as that law is. I would
ask my colleagues, then, who make use of this
argument about patronage, to look to our own
Stale first.
Mr. EUSTIS. The House will judge for itself
whether the question which Iputto thegentleman
from New York has been answered. The reason
that induced me to ask that question was, that I
did not desire to take up the time of the House
in any lengthy remarks upon this subject, but
simply wished to explain my position in regard
to it. While I am willing to vote forany increase
of the police force which m&y be necessary for the
safety of the citizens and the protection of the
public property, I am not willing to destroy the
principle which I regard as or.e of the great prin-
ciples of this Government, of the right of the peo-
ple of the city to manage their own affairs in their
own way. I do not understand—and the gentle-
man from New York has not explained it sanis-
factorily to me, nor do I think he has to the House
—why it is that we here, assembled in this Con-
gress, are attempting to deprive the people of the
city of Washington of this right, it is a matter
of no consequence to me whether the Mayor of
the city is willing that it shall be done or not. I
do not think that the private wishes and desires of
the Mayor of the city can weigh for one moment
in the consideration of this question. Whether
he is willingto give up thisauthority or not, I do
not know, and I must say that I care not. The
people of this city either have the power to govern
themselves, or they have not. If they have, they
ought to do it. If they have elected persons to
office who do not carry out their mandates, let
them select others who will do so. I say that it
is a gross insult to the intelligence of the people
of Washington to say that they cannot elect a
Mayor in whose hands you can place the appoint-
ment of a few police officers.
As for the President of the United States, I
think that it is an insult to him and to his office
to make him a mere chief of police. The Presi-
dent has more to do now than he can attend to
satisfactorily to himself—I will not add or to the
country, because his terra of office has not yet ex-
pired. At all events, I am satisfied that lie him-
self does not desire this.
Mr. KELLY. The case of this city and that
of New York are not parallel cases at all. This
city is under the jurisdiction of the Federal Gov-
ernment; the President and Congress of the Uni-
ted States are here; the ministers from foreign
Governments are here; and the courts here are
under the jurisdiction of the Federal Government.
The only difference between the appointment of
the police by the President, and their appoint-
ment by the Mayor,,is this: the one is responsi-
ble to the Federal Government, and if he does not
carry out the law, can easily be reached; while,
upon the other hand, if the Mayor does not make
these appointments satisfactorily, the people can-
not reach him in the same manner.
I believe, sir, that the bill reported by the Com-
mittee for the Districtof Columbia is the best bill
which has been presented to the House; and I
hope it will pass. That is all I have to say.
Mr. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, this is a bill
to give the city of Washington, in the first place,
$75,000, which will erelong swell into a half mil-
lion.
Sir, I am against this bill.
I cannot vote for it, and I will briefly tell you
why.
I have heard on this floor several valid objec-
tions urged against the passage of this bill, and
particularly from the honorable member from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Quitman,] which, in my opinion,
are conclusive.
I have another reason which is alone sufficient
to carry me against it.
It is, that it is wrong to take from the Treasury
the money that belongs to the whole country and
give it to the city of Washington to pay for the
expense of their police, a police that they are as
much under obligation to furnish, as is any other
town or city in the Union, if not more so.
A rich and flourishing city of some sixty thou-
sand inhabitants, if they cannot or will not pro-
vide a suitable police to protect the persons and
property of themselves and all others who come
and spend their money here, then, sir, it is high
time we adjourn tasome other place that will.
What right or claim have they, the people of
Washington, to this money?
Is it because the Government of the country is
administered here, and by so doing a stream of
wealth is continually pouring into the city, the
like of which is not done in any other city m the
Union? or is it because we have heretofore and
are now spending untold millions to improve the
city, to grade and pave and light its streets, and
even to furnish its inhabitants with water at a cost
of millions ? yes, sir, literally at a. cost of millions.
All this has been done and is doing.
And now it is modestly proposed that we shell
out $75,000 to start with, under the head of police
arrangements.
It is said we, the members, are in danger, and
need protection against outside violence, and that
we are to have a patrol guard of one hundred
picked men, controlled by a chief of lofty plume,
in whose veins runs not a drop of plebeian blood,
or it would have been " let out" long ago.
I guess if we behave, and keep the peace our-
selves, nobody will hurt us. And besides, if we
are really afraid, we had better hold back a com-
pany of the Utah regulars.
That would be a gain all round.
And as they are not wanted where they are
going, it would be a saving anyhow.
First, it would save the poor fellows from
marching their toe-nails off, on a wild-goose chase
two thousand miles, to Utah.
Then, their pay would be only eight dollars a
month and the captain forty, instead of fifty dol-
lars a month and the captain $200, which the bill
proposes to pay.
And here, too, they could subsist on the twenty
cent ration, and there on flour at seventy-five to
one hundred dollars the barrel.
Sir, if the habit of giving away the money of
our constituents to the city of Washington is so
firmly settled as to become a second nature, and
the disease of so long standing and chronic that
it cannot be cured, then I suppose we must fork
over.
Sir, it will not be done with my consent.
My constituents shall never have occasion to
