1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2639
gone it was satisfactory; that is, that the materials
of which it was composed were precisely those
that we desired to retain. Then the compilers will
have a guide. They will put into the new com-
pilation just such materials as composed the for-
mer one. No man can tell how many volumes it
will make until the compilation is completed. But
if you take the other course, if you fix this Pro-
crustean bedstead, and say that you will have but
ten volumes, you cannot have such a publication
as you had before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can publish the others
afterwards.
Mr. COLLAMER. You have already said
that you do not mean to publish them. 1 under-
stood the gentleman to say that he wanted to have
it limited to ten volumes, so as to limit the pub-
lication.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; but so that we may
keep the control of it. I say that by the time
these ten volumes are published, we shall know
what the character of the book is, and what the
cost of the book is; and we shall then be able to
act understandingly. Of course, I shall favor con-
tinuing the publication if other matter of import-
ance remains to be published.
Mr. COLLAMER. By that means we have
to go over the same matter in the additional pub-
lications, and probably compel these people to go
over material, all of which they regard as equally
important, to select for the first ten volumes—leav-
ing what they regard as less important to run the
chance of being never published afterwards. We
thus have an imperfect work, which does not an-
swer the purposes intended, it is intended to be
a depository of all that is valuable.
Mr. BROWN. My iudg tin*iH quite concurs
with the Senator from Vermont, that the publi-
cation of this book ought not to be confined to
any given number of volumes, because it is very
easy to be seen that if the compiler cannot com-
prise all the matter that ought to he published
into ten volumes, then you must necessarily leave
it to his judgment as to what you shall put out.
I would much rather publish irrelevant matter,
than leave out of the books mateuai matter. It
is much less deleterious to public interest to have
that m which ought not to be in, than to have
that left out which ought to be inserted. If there
be any appiehension that the publication is go-
ing to run into abuse, that can be stopped, by
simply putting a proviso to this amendment that
Congress may, at any time during the publica-
tion, arrest it by paying the publisher for what he
has done, and stopping. If he is going on pub-
lishing books of matter which amount to nothing,
simply for the purpose of getting the pay, reserve
to yourself the privilege of puttingastop to it on
paying up to the time for the work he had done.
I think the whole objection raised by the Senator
from Maine can be met in that way. I think this
is a vastly important publication, worth all the
picture books that you have printed from the
foundation of the Government, and not at all
likely to cost one tithe of the money. When
published, it is a book of real substance, on every
page of which you find something* to winch the
statesman, first or last, must refer. It is not a
mere description of animal natuie, and of geolo-
gy, and all that, but it is something relative to the
business of Senaiois, of Representatives, of the
President, of membeis of the Cabinet, and of
toreign ministers. It is a political history of the
country, with which you could not by any sort of
possibility dispense. I want to see the publica-
tion continued. I would admit of no abuse in it
if I could prevent it.
Now sir, as to the objection raised by my friend
from Arkansas, m reference to the purchase of
paper, that can be easily avoided if it be a real
objection. Let the paper be purchased as you
purchase paper for other purposes, through the
agency of your Superintendent of PuMicPrintmg.
I ^believe that is the manner in which paper is
purchased. I want no job for Gales & Seaton;
no job for anybody; but I want a good substan-
tial hook. This is the first one I have advocated
during this session because it is about the only
one except the Congressional Globe that i con-
sider worth the paper on which it is printed for
the uses of the Government^ The Congressional
Globe is a proper book; this is a proper work,
and beyond these two I do not believe you have
published a book during the last ten ©r fifteen
years by special legislation that amounted to any-
thing. Of course you must publish your Jour-
nals, and publish the general proceedings of Con-
gress; nobody objects to that; but when it comes
to special publications, I think the Congressional
Globe, which contains the debates of the two
Houses of Congress, and this compilation, which
contains the State papers, are about the only
books you ought to pubhsh>and I thank God and
Congress that tbore are no pictures in them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move another amendment to
the amendment. After the word u printing," 1
move to insert the words, " paper*and binding,"
so that the printing, paper, and binding, should
not cost more than the present price. I wish some
guide. I suppose we are paying people fair rates
now. It is considered a great party job to get the
public printing.
Mr. BROWN. I think that amendment ought
to be accepted.
Mr. TOOMBS. That the prices are profitable
now, I do not suppose will be denied.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to suggest to the
Senatorfrom Georgia to say, " paper and binding
of equal quality." We may want a betterquality.
Mr. TOOMBS. I accept that.
Mr. BIGLER, Leave the class of paper dis-
cretionary with the Committee on the Libiaiy.
Mr. TOOMBS. Have you an amendment an-
swering the purpose5
Mr. BIGLER. No, I have another.
Mr. TOOMBS. If you will amend mine, a s
you arc better skilled in this business, I shall be
obliged to you.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That flu1 pi ice* or rate* to ho paid foi the print-
in? ottln-. work shall nor exceed riKw paid at present lot
t'jo pnnting ot' the documents of Congress, including p.ipci
and binding.
Mr. TOOMBS. Of equal quality and value.
Mr. SEWARD. Say, "or having reg.-ird to
the quality and value of the material used."
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
The amendment, as modified, is:
Provided, That the pi ice* or rate4 to he p'nd for the pi tnt-
mg of tins woik shall not evcced Uiom; paid at present !<>i
the pinitnig of tlx' document • <>f" Congro-^, including p ip-'i*
, and binding, having lcgatd to the quality and value ot the
1 tn.ueiial u&ed and woik done.
• Mr. TOOMBS. I accept it in that form,
j Mr. BIGLER. The original proposition fixes
; the price of the work per volume as it was in
; 3831. The amendment accepted by the Senator
: from Kentucky restricts it to the present rates of
j congressional printing. The oiiginal juice lias
not been stricken out.
Several Skvators. Itis not necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not to exceed the
original rate nor to exceed the present price.
Mr. COLLAMER. So that we get it at the
lowest rate.
Mr. BIGLER. The first rate is a rate per vol-
ume; that remains, and you fix an additional, a
new rate, without knowing how it will affect
that.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is not the slightest dif-
ficulty. The first is that it shall not exceed per
volume the puce paid for the old edition, and then
it says it shu'l not exceed the present rates for
priming or binding the documents of Congress.
Mr. BIGLER. How do you make the two
consistent?
Mr. TOOMBS. It shall not exceed the prices
paid for the cheaper of the two.
Mr. BROWN. I wto suggest to my friend
from Georgia a difficulty in this matter. He has
confined the cost of printing, paper, and binding
to the present price. Who arc to pay for the
compilation? Gales & Seaton They arc to get
up this work. That adds somewhat to the cost.
They are not to print what outsiders send to
them, but have the compilation made, as I under-
stand.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it is not provided in the
original amendment, I have nothing to do with
that. I think it ought all to be defeated.
Mr. BROWN. The pay your public printer gets
is for printing matter sent to him. it does not
make any difference to him whether it is sense or
nonsense. You send him so much matter; he puts
it up in type and prints it. That is si! he has to
do. But these men have some reputation at stake.
They have to make the compilation. They must
do it at some cost. It must cost them not only
labor, but money. They cannot do it personally.
If they do they are entitled to be paid for their labor.
Somebody has to do it. Where is the material
to come from ? Are you to confine them down to
the rigid lule of the exact sum which you pay to
the public printer for printing a manuscript sent
to him drawn off in a clear, pretty hand ? That
will not do. If this amendment must pass, then
provide by some means that they are to be paid
for the compilation.
Mr. TOOMBS,. The mover and the gentlemen
who are for the amendment say they are to print
what the Secretary of the Senate and Qlerk of the
House send them.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. The Secretary of
the Senate and Clerk of the House are not the
compilers. They simply make the contract; but
have nothing to do with the compilation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Missis-
sippi is entirely mistaken, as he will find, if the
amendment is read.
Mr. BROWN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives be,and
tiicv aic hnebv, dirccrod fo continue down to the 4th of
Mdich, 18.)9, the compilation of the congressional docu-
ments, St c.
Mr. BROWN. I did not understand heretofore
that the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives did make the com-
pilation. Then I have no objection on that point.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The method
of compilation may as well be understood. The
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives did make the compilation be-
fore. I have made some inquiry, and 1 find that
to be the ease. I thought at first it was not so;
but the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House made the compilation. It was not given
mio the hands of the Printer, so as to have some
safeguaid that no document should be put in and
published which ought not to go in, as a mere
book-making collection; but provision for their
payment was separate and distinct, as I under-
stand; and I believe I have it from the very best
authority. They were paid separately by Con-
gress for the work they did m compiling, at^d they
were allowed just double their usual compensa-
tion. To a man who received $25G a month, this
extra service would give him $250 a month more
during the time he might be engaged m the com-
pilation; and no with each clerk engaged upon it.
That was the method by which it was done be-
fore, so that you will perceive w hatevci rate you
may give under this contract, has nothing to do
whatever with the cost of the compilation. It is -
a separate and independent charge.
The amendment of Mr. Toombs to the amend-
ment was agreed to; and the question recurred on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. PUG1I called for the yeas and nays; and
they wereVndered.
Mr BAYARD. I desire to move a further
amendment. I can vote for this amendment,
though with some rcluctance, if the number of
copies does not exceed one thousand. The amend-
ment, as it now stands, proposes to print two
thousand copies. Italso proposes that three hun-
dred copies shall be given to the Department of
State for distribution. That may be reasonable
enough. It also proposes to give seven hundred
copies to the Secretary of the Interior—1 think five
hundred would be sufficient—and that the other
thousand should be reserved for the future direction
of Congress. We have no right to printexccpt for
some purpose that the work may be valuable in
itself. What do we want with the extra thousand
copies? To distribute among members of Con-
gress? If we do, we are going back again to the
system we have been endeavoring to reform. If
not, they are useless. There is no necessity for
printing, then, beyond the extent of one thousand
copies. I conceive that would be a liberal allow-
ance sendmgfive hundied to the Secretary of the
Inteuor, foi distribution among colleges and li-
braries, and three hundred to the State Depart-
ment, and reserving two hundred for the uses of
both Houses of Congress and the Library. That
would, in my judgment, cover all .the wants we
