1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1615
ask me on my return home, how came you to do
it ? Sir, I cannot and will not vote for this bill.
And I protest that this House has no right to
give away the money of my constituents -without
their consent.
Sir, I admonish you again that your Treasury
is empty; that you have no money to give away
or trifle with, and that you need all your money
to pay your debts.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. Mr. Chairman, I de-
sire to make a few practical suggestions on the
bill before the committee, and will begin where the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelly,] who
just taken his seat, began. He told us that the
police laws of this city were of such a character
that the people asked Congress to protect them.
Now, sir, is that a fact? If this be so, I ask the
gentleman why the city Council do not make bet-
ter police laws ? They make the police laws, and
it is their duty to make them as perfect as possi-
ble. This bill you propose to pass is not a police
law. It is simply a law providing for a police
force to execute such laws as the city government
may make. That is all. The making of the po-
lice laws for this city belongs to the city govern-
ment, and not to Congress. In the view taken by
the gentleman from New York, it is simply aques-
• tion of money after all. It is money to support a
police they want, andnotpolice laws. They can
provide the men, if men are wanted, and they have
the means to pay them. AH we have to do is to
pass a law to establish a police force, and to raise
the money to pay a hundred men to execute the
laws already made, if pay we must. That is all
it amounts to.
Now, it seems to me that the remedy is in the
hands of the citizens themselves. By the passage
of this bill you do not make any better laws. Not
at all. But gentlemen may say there will be more
promptness in the execution of the laws. This
I very much doubt, and will attempt to show
why.
I have serious objections to this Senate bill, and
those objections are the very reasons which gen-
tlemen offer in its favor. This is a Federal meas-
ure. You make a national police—a thing here-
tofore unheard of in this country. You make the
great political head of the nation the head of the
police of a small city. That is what you propose
to do by this bill. The chief of police is to be
appointed by the President of the United States,
subject to removal by him at any time, and, of
course, he will be under his control. He appoints
the Secretary of the Interior, and you make the
Secretary of the Interior appoint the captain, the
lieutenants, and the one hundred men, all subject
to hiscontrol. He can discharge them at any mo-
ment. You will have, then, a police in this city
entirely separated from the people You do not
stop with placing the entire police force under the
control of the Executive; but the very regulations
which are to control the police are to be made by
Federal officers. You do not allow the city gov-
ernment to have the least interest in the matter.
The regulations which are to govern the police
are to be made by appointees of the President.
Now, I say, that that is an entirely new feature
in this Government. You have got nothing like it
in the present auxiliary guard, because the city
has some control over that; but you propose to
make this force entirely distinct from the city.
Why, sir, I thought it was a recognized and
settled principle in this country that we had a na-
tional Government, State governments, and mu-
nicipal governments, each having their recognized
and distinct spheres of action, and which ought
to be kept distinct from each other as far as pos-
sible. But here you are making the political head
of the nation the head of the police. You are
destroying that harmony, that congruity that has
heretofore existed in all these separate govern-
ments of the country. You are destroying the
great principle of American government by pla-
cing this national police, this pretorian guard,
under the control of the executive will, over the
people of a city. Sir, was it ever intended by the
framers of the Constitution, in giving Congress
the control of the legislation of this District, that
Congress was to control all the municipal regu-
lations and officers of cities, to appoint and con-
trol all the officers of the cities in the District,
and to make this great national Government the
executors of municipal law? No, sir, I do not
believe any such thing; I do not believe that it
■was the intention of the framers of the Consti-
tution to make the President of the United States
a police officer, or to place the municipal govern-
ment of this District under the control of the ex-
ecutive department.
The intention was that Congress should make
general laws for the District, but not municipal
laws and regulations, and require Federal officers
to execute them. The formation and execution
of municipal laws in this country have, by what
has grown into the common law of the land, been
everywhere left to the people of the municipali-
ties. Cities and towns in this Republic are pe-
culiarly the children of the people, the schools of
democracy, and the real democratic institutions
of the country. Here is where the people first
learn self-government; they vote away their own
money; they decide how and where they shall
make their roads; how ornament them; and how
much money they shall spend on them. They
take care of their poor; and wherever they are
wise enough to have public schools, they vote the
money for their support. And above all, they
regulate their own safety and good order, their
morality and their security. The security of life
and property is in the hands of the people, and
if they do not feel the responsibility resting upon
them for their own securityand good order, who
will? The speedy establishment of order and
security, Mr. Chairman, is, it appears to me, the
duty of the people of this city; and I, for one,
have no idea of giving my vote to relieve them
of that imperative duty, and thereby decide that
they are totally incapable of governing themselves.
I do not believe, Mr. Chairman, in all the highly
colored accounts of dangers to life in this city that
have been given here. No doubt there is inse-
curity, much disorder, and many desperate acts
committed; I cannot believe that there is quite so
much danger as gentlemen appear desirous of
having us believe. I have wandered about the
city unarmed in nearly all directions, for exercise
and health, and have never been molested; nor
have I known a feeling of fear in my rambles; and
1 intend to go where and when I please, until I
see more cause of danger than I am now aware of.
Now, Mr. Chairman, you are attempting to es-
tablish two police forces; and this fact, of itself,
is, in my judgment, an insuperable objection to
this bill. You are establishing a force outside of
the city, and not in harmony with its people. You
have another police force inside and under the
control of the city. Now, if the people of this
city are so poor that they cannot take care of
themselves, let us appropriate money for a police,
but let the police be under their own control.
You are creating two opposing,an tagonisticforces
to keep up a rivalry with each other. How is it
now ? You have been told here that when one
of either force is making an arrest, an officer of
the other force may be standing within ten feet
of him, and will not aid in the slightest degree.
They belong to different departments. One is a
degree above the other. One belongs to the great
national political power of the country, the other
to a mere municipal corporation, elected by and
responsible, as it should be, to the people. Let
them be a unit if you would have efficiency. Place
the duty of supporting and governing this police
force upon the people, as you should do, instead
of keeping them in leading strings and in a state
of pupilage. As long as you continue this policy,
they will lean upon the Government for every-
thing, and shirk all the duties they can.
As to the money, I am rather indifferent, al-
though I do not feel disposed to vote away money
from other sections of the country to sustain a
police among a people who are as well able to main-
tain that police as my own constituents are. But
gentlemen tell us this is a floating population. Let
us look at that. Here are men coming to this city
to take the best offices of the country, and holding
them generally for four years, and a large number
foran indefinite term of years. They have to pay
taxes for the support of their police at home; why
should they be relieved from doing the same here?
If you have carried the taxing point up to the
full limit allowed by the charter, amend the char-
ter. Give them the same unrestrained power to
tax themselves that other people m other sections
of the country have. ...
While living is not much higher here, labor is
higher than m other sections of the country. All
these men have fair salaries; and certainly, if they
would each drop a cigar or a glass of liquor a
day they could sustain a police. I am not will-
ing in effect to raise their salaries by making other ,
and distant people pay their taxes for them. It
is not for the want of means that they do not
support an efficient and faithful police. But, Mr.
Chairman, if you show me that we haveaaot done
enough for the city, I am willing to do more. I
am willing to vote to sustain a police for them, if
you will show me that they are really unable to
sustain one themselves; for a police they must
have. But it does appear to me that if we have got
to make appropriations for this city, they should
be made for other objects than for the support of
a police. You may pave their streets for them if
you will, supply them with pure water at an ex-
Eense of millions, and ornament the city with
eautiful architecture, statuary, and paintings;
but do not let us undertake the execution of police
laws, and deprive the citizens of Washington of
their municipal rights. Let them exercise the
rights of American citizens, and try to govern
themselves.
Now, I am willing here to say that I have not
that entire confidence in the political head of this
country which would lead me to place this power
unhesitatingly in his hands. We see thatall over
this country, in every section of it, this spoils
doctrine prevails. Why, talking about the city of
New York, do we not recollect, but a short time
ago, when the citizens of that city, without dis-
tinction of party, united to reform the city govern-
ment, and nominated a Democratic Mayor against
the caucus nominee, that because a distinguished'
Federal officer in that city took part on the side
of the people in favor of reform, and against the
caucus nominee, he gave offense at the White
House, and was removed from his office? Now,
a President who will thus interfere with the mu-
nicipal affairs of the city of New York, will not
be very likely to conduct the municipal affairs of
this city without partiality.
So it is everywhere, Mr. Chairman. This
spoils doctrine has gone into the navy-yards, and
the best workmen—American-born citizens—are
made victims of that universal law of proscription.
Wherever the Executive arm can reach, there'
you find that principle of proscription prevailing
to a most relentless and tyrannical extent. Sec-
retary Stanton, the acting Governor of Kansas,*
was made its victim and removed for a strictly
legal act—calling the Territorial Legislature to- '
gether as a peace measure. He was performing
his duty under the law, and I contend the Presi-
dent had no right to interfere with or control him.-
Now, while this is to be the case, I prefer to trust
the people at any time, rather than to put this po-
lice force and the government of this people m the
hands of the President. I have no desire to aid in
bringing here a foreign pretorian guard or getis
d'armes to harass and lord it over this people. I
prefer to trust the people themselves, rather than
such rulers.
I want to notice one thing more—the remark
which was made the other day by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] in speaking of a man
who was indicted for a crime, and was appointed
to office. In reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
he asked if it " Was a crime to be indicted by a
BlacK Republican?" That was all the reply the
gentleman had to make to a charge of such a grave
character. He distrusts the honesty of a large ma-
jority of the people of this country; and comes
gravely before this House, and says that what-
ever charges may be made by these people are en-
tirely unworthy of the people's confidence. I will
not quarrel with him about the justice or good
taste of such remarks. If he is satisfied with the
exhibition he made of himself, I certainly am.
Then he proceeded to talk about Governor Rob-
inson, and made certain statements which I shall
here take the liberty to notice, for it was not, as
I understand it, a fair representation of the case
as it occurred in California, although the gentle-
man no doubt thought so.
The facts are simply these. A multitude of
people went upon lands near the city of Saera-
mento under the same right that all people have
who squat, as it is termed, on our public lands. A
war was got up to drive them off. A large num-
ber of them were gamblers and speculators, anp
had not the slightest claim to the land occupied by
the settlers. They wished, without claim, to take
it for their own use. Governor Robinson had no
