1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong...1st Sess.
From Madisonville to Morganfield.
From Paducah to Paris, Tennessee, via May-
field and Boydsville.
From Princeton to Smithland, via Eddyville
and Dyersburg.
From Benton to Mayfield, via Walker's Store
and Symsonia.
From Paducha to Hickman, via Mayfield, Fe-
liciana, and Lodgton.
From Blandville to Hickman, via Milburn,
Clinton, and Lodgton.
From Morganfield to Caseyville, via Gum
Grove.
From Newcastle, via Springport and Marion,
to New Liberty.
KANSAS TERRITORY.
From Westport, (Missouri,) via Shawnee,
(Kansas Territory,) Lexington, Franklin, Law-
rence, Kanwaka, Lecompton, Big Springs, Te-
cumseh, and Topeka, to Indianola.
From Westport, (Missouri,) via Olatka, (Kan-
sas Territory,) San Barnard, Prairie city, and
Ottawa creek, to Sac and Fox agency.
From Westport, (Missouri,) via Paola, (Kan-
sas Territory,) Ossawattomie, Miami village,
Centerville, Sugar Mound, Carbondale, and Little
, Osage, to Fort Scott.
From Westport, (Missouri,) to Spring Hill.
From Westport, (Missouri,) via Bloomington,
Paris, and Sugar Mound, to Cofachiqui.
From Sugar Mound, via Paris and Brooklin,
to Westport.
From Butler, (Missouri,) via Menika, (Kansas
Territory,) Shannon, Hyatt, Hampden, Burling-
ton, Ottumwa, California, Italia, and Emporia, to
Council Grove.
From Fort Scott to Marmaton.
From Fort Scott to Catholic Mission,
From Fort Scott to Crawford Seminary, (Mis-
souri.)
From Fort Scott, via Barnesville, to West
Point.
From Fort Scott to Fort Union.
From Fort Scott to Mapleton.
From Fort Scott to Fort Atkinson.
From Fort Scott, via Breckinridge, (Missouri,)
Hard Wood, Medoc, Carthage, Neosho, Har-
mon's Mill, Elkridge, Pinevillc, andWhite Rock
Prairie, to Bentonville.
From Ossawattomie to Walker.
From Leroy to Belmont.
From Leroy to Hampden.
From Leroy to Pleasant Grove.
From Council Grove, via Kenton and Riley
city, to Fort Riley.
From Council Grove, via Orleans, Italia, Co-
lumbia, Leroy, Neosho Falls, Cofachiqui, to Fort
Scott.
From Topeka, via Waubanusee, Zeandale, and
Ashland, to Fort Riley.
From Ossawattomie, via Walker and Shannon,
to Neosho.
From Ossawattomie, viaShumansville and Ohio
city, to Sac and Fox agency.
From Paola, via Ossawattomie, Bloomington,
and Paris, to Sugar Mound. _
From Shuman ville, via Shannon, to Cafachiqui.
From Richardson, via Italia, to Columbia.
From Sac and Fox agency to Leroy.
From Fort Riley, via Reader, to Vermillion
city.
From Fort Riley, via Randolph and Vermillion
city, to Marysville.
From Lawrence, via Bloomington, Richardson,
and Italia, to Emporia.
From Topeka, via Brownsville, to Council
Grove. _ . .
From Topeka, via Brownsville, Wilmington,
and Kansas Centre, to Emporia.
From Lawrence, via Prairie city, Ottawa creek,
Shannon, Hyatt, and Cofachiqui, to Humboldt.
From Tecumseh, via Richland, to Sac and Fox
agency.
From Tecumseh, via Walkamsa city, to Rich-
ardson.
From Lecompton, via Walkamsa, Ottawa
creek, McKinney, and Stanton, to Ossawattomie.
From Lecompton to Marysville.
From Lecompton to Richardson.
From Lecompton, by Davis and Midway, to
Paoli.
New Series.—No. 37.
From Kansas, (Missouri,) via Wyandotte,
(Kansas Territory,) duindaro, and Lawrence, to
Lecompton.
From Kansas, (Missouri,) via Wyandotte,
Q.uindaro, and Delaware city, to Leavenworth
city.
From Kansas, (Missouri,) via Oskallassa,
(Kansas Territory,) to Ozawkie.
From Fort Leavenworth to Tauromee.
From Fort Leavenworth, via Leavenworth
city, to Lawrence.
From Leavenworth city, via Middletown, to
Lecompton.
From Leavenworth city, via Nerato, Easton,
Shie[l]ds, Ozawkie, Mt. Florence, Indianola, Sil-
ver Lake, St. Mary's Mission, Rock creek, Man-
hattan, Ogden, ancl Fort Riley, and Kansas Falls,
to Buchanan.
From Leavenworth city, via Stanley's, Mooney,
Grasshopper Falls, Rock Point, and Vermillion
city, to Dyer's.
From Leavenworth city, via Fort Leaven-
worth, Kickapoo city, Fort William, Sumner,
Mount Pleasant, Atchison, Doniphan, Rock
creek, Walnut Grove, and High Land, to Iowa
Point.
From Independence, (Missouri,) via Kansas,
the settlement at the mouth of Huesfona, on the
Upper Arkansas, and Little Salt Lake settlement,
at the head of Nicolet river, to Stockton, (Califor-
nia.)
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) via Whiteheads,
(Kansas Territory,) Rogersville, and Troy, to
Walnut Grove.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) vis Elwood,
(Kansas Territory,) Walthnnna, Palermo, Geary
city, Doniphan, and Ozawkie, to Lecompton.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) via Iowa Point,
(Kansas Territory,) Mt. Roy, Hamlin, Central
city, Higkland, and Urbana, to Marysville.
From Iowa Point to Mount Roy.
From Iowa Point to Swain's Store.
From White Cloud to Padonia.
From Marysville to Nottingham.
From Atchison, via Kennekuk, Burnside, Pow-
hattan, and Capsiomi, to Marysville.
From Rubo, (Nebraska,) to Topeka.
From Rogersville, via Nemaha agency, to
White Cloud.
From Oregon, (Missouri,) via Iowa Point,
(Kansas Territory,) to Nemaha agency.
From Kickapoo city, via Crooked creek, to
Grasshopper Falls.
From Ozawkie, via Pleasant Hill and Indian-
ola, to Topeka.
From Doniphan, via Green Top, to Pleasant
Grove.
From West Point to Brooklyn.
From West Point to Paris.
From Waithina to Claytonville.
From Lawrence, via Shields, to Sumner.
From Topeka, via Grasshopper Falls, to Sum-
ner.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) to Kennekuk.
From Pleasant Hill, (Missouri,) via Plum
Grove, Spring Hill, Gardiner, and Franklin, to
Lawrence.
From Spring Hill, via Shannon, Ilyatt, an'l
Stanton, to Neosho city.
From Q-uindaro, via Shawnee, Olathc, Paola,
Ossawattomie, Shannon, and Hyatt, to Burling-
ton.
From Lawrence, via Palmyra, Ohio city, Deer
creek, to Humboldt.
From White Cloud, viaPandonia, Hamburgh,
Central City, Richmond, and Seneca, to Marys-
ville.
From White Cloud to Iowa Point.
From Topeka, via Brownsville, Wilmington,
Waushara, Allen, and Orleans, to Plymouth.
From Leavenworth city, via Atchison, Sum-
ner, Donaphan, Palermo, Elwood, WhiteCloud,
Rulo, (Nebraska Territory,) Nemaha, and
Brownsville, to Nebraska city.
From Lawrence to Burlington.
From Lecompton, via Bloomington, Versailles,
to Italia.
From Emporia, via Bayard, Chelsea, El Dora-
do, to Towanda.
From Leavenworth city, on the old military
road as now established, via Salt Creek valley,
Mount Pleasant, Rusk, Alley's Cuyuga, Ken-
nekuk, Locknanes, Palmetto, and Marysville, to
Fort Kearny, (Nebraska Territory.)
From Lawrence, via Oskaloosa, Grasshopper
Falls, Hamlin, Fails City, and Brownsville, to
Nebraska city, (Nebraska Territory.)
From Topeka to St. Joseph, (Missouri.)
From Fort Riley to Gatesville.
From Lawrence, via Big Springs, to Browne-
ville, Fremont, Alma, to Ashland.
From Burlington, via Verdigris Falls, Fall
river, Indiana city, to El Dorado.
From Lawrence, via Centropolis, Sac and Fox
agency, and Oread, to Burlington.
From Grasshopper Falls, via Osawkie and Osk-
aloosa, to Lawrence.
From Sac and Fox agency to Pleasant Grove.
From Grasshopper Falls to Hatton.
From Cofachiqui, via Belmont, to Pleasant
Grove.
From Leavenworth city and Fort Leavenworth,
via Kennekuk, to Palmetto.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) via Iowa Point
MountRoy, I-Iamlin, Central City, to Marysville.
From Leavenworth city, via Oskaloosa, to Le-
compton.
From Westport, (Missouri,) via Spring Hill,
Stanton, Shumansville, Greely, to Neosho City.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) via Wothina,
Winona, Hiawatha, Carson, Central City, to
Marysville, Kansas.
From Warrensburgh,(Missouri,)via Harrison-
ville, Paola, to Ossawattomie.
From Manhattan City to Marysville.
From Elwood to Capioma.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) via Palermo,
Geary City, Donaphan, Monrovia, Grasshopper
Falls, to Topeka.
From St. Joseph, (Missouri,) via Rushville,
via Sumner, Oskaloosa, to Lawrence.
From Topeka, via Gluincy and Eagle City, to
Sheh Rock Falls.
From Emporia to Cottonwood Falls.
From Italia, via Council Grove, to Buchanan.
From Warsaw, (Missouri,) via Butler, to
Montgomery, Kansas.
From Ossawattomie, via Paris, to Montgom-
ery.
From Atchison to Vermillion City.
From Atchison to Do Foe.
From Atchison to America.
From Atchison, via Lancaster, Muscotah, Eu-
reka, Ontario, and America, to Vermillion City.
From St. Joseph (Missouri) and Elwood, via
Kennekuk, to Grasshopper Falls.
From Kansas City to Fort Scott.
LOUISIANA.
From New Road, via Morganza, Bayou, Ca-
tawba, Cypress Point, to Simtnsport.
From Vernon, via Brush Valley and Sparta,
to Ringgold. •
From Ville Platte to Hickory Flat.
From Shrevcport to Mansfield, via Red Bluff
! and Kingston.
From Livonia, via Point Coupee Court-House,
to Point Coupee post office.
[ From Goodwatcr to Vernon.
! From Baton Rouge to Henry F. Bennett's store,
; parish of Ascension.
! From Paincourtville to Bayou Pierre, Part and
; Belle river, in the parish of Assumption.
| MAINE.
I From Bridgewater, via Mars'Hill, Letter "C,"
! and Maple Grove, to Fort Fairfield.
From Bridge ford, via Saco, Buxton, Standish,
Baldwin, Sebago, Denmark, and Fryeburg, to
Lovell.
From Kingfield, via Jerusalem, and Stratton
brook, to Eustis' Mills.
From East Eddington, via Clifton and Otis, to
Manaville.
From Phillips'to Rangeley.
From Bradford to Dover.
MARYLAND.
From Patuxent to Forest.
From Lakesville to Bishop's Head.
From Snow Hill to Derickson's Cross Roads.
From Snow Hill, via Newtown to Princess
Anne.
MASSACHUSETTS.
From Taunton, via Raynham, to Bridgewater.
