530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
expenditures for printing—this immense hole in
which so much money is annually sunk—shall
be placed again under the control of the proper le-
gislative department of the Government. Many
of the amendments hitherto offered have looked
to remedying past abuses. This amendment looks
toxpreventing such abuses for the future; and in
my humble judgment, it will go far to promote
economy and bring down the printing expenses
of Congress to the ancient standard.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett,] merely for the
purpose of making one statement. The other
day I adverted to the great value of a work which
had been published by order of Congress—the
Commeicial Relations—and I said that it had
done us great credit at home and abroad. Iam
very unwilling that that work, which I really
think the only valuable one that Congress has
printed, should be put in the same category with
these other trashy publications! and made to bear
the burden of them. And I now desire to have
read to the House an extract from a letter just
received at the State Department, addressed to the
superintendent, (Mr. Flagg,) from Mr. Alexan-
der Vattemare, agent for international exchanges,
dated at Paris, December 1, 1857, in reference to
that work, to show how it is regarded abroad.
The extract was read, as follows:
ee According to your instruction5:, F presented to his ex-
cellency the Minister of Agueulture, Commerce, and Public
Works, the third and fourth volumes, with your thanks.
This distinguished statesman received them with gratitude,
and expressed once more his high appieciation of your most i
valuable Heiculean labors, and instnicted me to renew to
you lus congratulations for ihe same. While examining
them, the minister expressed his admiration foi the beauty
and peiieciion with which these volumes are executed, as
well a^ the hbeiahiy of the Fedoial Government, which
never &himks before any sacufices calculated to elevate the
American character, and the promotion of useful knowl-
edge."
The question being on Mr. Garnett's amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers."
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Haskin and
Dew art were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety-one, a farther count not being de-
manded.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Skc. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter, when
any report or other communicanon in submitted to eiilier
House of Congress, by any Department, bureau, or office
of the Government, or by any other peison or persons, and
such report or other communication ib ordeied to be punt-
ed, no additions of any kind nhall be made thereto, without
the dnectioii ot the Hou e of Coining giving the outer to
print; and no alterations or coi lections shall bo made there-
in wlucti will change the character of the vvoik ab original-
ly communicated and oideied to be printed, or which may
add to the cost of punting, without tin: onlei qf tile House
ordering the said e.Ytia copies.
Mr. Chairman, 1 offer that amendment for the
purpose of obviating an objection which has run
through this whole debate. Now, sir, if you will
take the last two reports of the Superintendent of
the Public Printing, you will find this state of facts
existing: that when the report was made to the
House of Representatives 011 the 13th of January,
1857, you will find, in reference to the Pacific rail-
road report, for instance, that the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing states that the work
will he embraced in six volumes. If you will take
the report made by the same officer a year subse-
quently, you will iind that the same work is to be
embodied in eleven volumes. Now, sir, this dis-
crepancy comes from the failure of the House, in
mailing its order to print, to limit the amount of
matter to be embodied in the report. My amend-
ment is designed substantially to cover this point.
It provides, that whenever any report shall be
submitted for printing, it shall be perfect in itself,
and that it shall be within the control of no other
person; that neither the Superintendent of Public
Printing, nor the author, nor any executive offi-
cer, shall have the power to embody additional
matter in the report; that they shall be bound by
the report as at first presented. I think that every ,
member of this House has been able to gather I
sufficient, from the discussion which has taken ]
place on this question, to see the necessity of some 1
peremptory provision of law to furmsh some I
check upon the executive officers upon this sub-!
je<*C / I
I would have preferred to have offered this pro-
vision in another form. I believe that independ-
ent legislation on an appropriation bill is improp-
er, and in violation of the rules of the House; but
inasmuch as the committee have already adopted
substantial provisions of legislation, and incorpo-
rated them into this appropriation bill, I have of-
fered this amendment in good faith, and I hope
it win be adopted. I believe it is the most mate-
rial amendment which has been offered, and that
it will place a salutary and necessary limitation
upon the officers having in charge the matter of
the public printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. My opinion is that the amend-
mentjust offered by the gentleman from Ohio con-
flicts with that already adopted. I understand
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
adopted a moment ago, provides that no addition-
al or extra copies of any work shall be ordered,
without the, concurrence of both Houses of Con-
gress. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, as [ understand it, provides that no change
shall be made in reports as first presented without
the consent of the House ordering it to be printed.
If the gentleman from Ohio will strike out the last
part of his amendment, I think it will make the
matter consistent, and I shall be in favor of it.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will modify my amendment
by striking out these words: " without the order
of the House ordering the said extra copies." I
will say, however, for the information of, the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that the limitation con-
tained in my amendment was designed to apply
as well to the regular copies ordered'to be printed,
as to the extra copies.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I submit the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Be it further enacted, That hereafter it Shalt be the duty
of the Esocutive Departments to contract for and procure
the prmtnm, on the most favorable terms possible, of all
forms, blanks, and other printing necessary for or connected
with their respective Departments, at si. 11 h point or points,
or m the vicinity thereof, in the United States, where sucii
f'onns, blanks, or other printing may be required for use:
Provided, That such printing shall not exceed 111 price the
amount hcrctofoie paid fur the same.
Mr. Chairman, the practice now is, as I under-
stand it, to print all the blanks and forms needed
for Government purposes in the city of Washing-
ton, and send them throughout the United States
to the different post offices. The object of my
amendment is to have this printing done in the
States where it is required. The work can be
done there just as cheaply as it can be done here,
and more expeditiously. I think, therefore, the
amendment is proper, and that the House ought
to order this printing to be done where it is're-
quired.
I know no reason why all the Government
patronage should be confined to two or thiee pa-
pers in the city of Washington. The constitu-
ents of every gentleman upon this floor contribute
their equal proportion to pay tiieseexpenses; and
if there is any advantage arising from this, they
ought to be permitted to share in it, and it should
not be monopolized in the city of Washington.
If post office blanks and forms are needed in your
State and mine, let the Postmaster General con-
tract with some printing establishment there to
furnish them. Then the mails will not be con-
stantly incumbered with these forms and blanks.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, and I am
opposed to it on the score of economy. Now it
is perfectly manifest that by this amendment you
are to have thirty-one places for printing these
blanks, and you are to pay thirty-one times for
the -composition of these blanks; while, as it now
is, we print all these blanks in the city of Wash-
ington, or, perhaps, apart of them in New York.
We pay for the composition only once, in the one
case, or only twice at the furthest. So that the
additional cost is nothing more than paper and
press-work.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely wish to
say to the gentleman from Virginia that if he will
notice the proviso to the additional section which
I have offered, he will see that his objection
amounts to nothing; for the proviso is that the
printing shall not cost more than it would if
printed in this city.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman will see at
once, that if this plan is to be adopted, you neces-
sarily increase the cost of printing here, on ac-
count of the less amount to be done, and thus you
necessarily run up the cost elsewhere, as the cost
here is taken as the basis of compensation else-
where.
Mr. PHELPS. And besides, you have the
ev-pense of sending the paper to those various"
points.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that it will be
vastly cheaper to send the blanks, after they are
printed here, to the various post offices of the
United States.
There is one way in which you might lighten
the cost and expense; and that is, to stop the trans-
mission of seeds through the mails, which would
lessen, to some extent, the cost of mail trans-
portation. But, at any rate, the proposed plan
will be attended with greater expense to attain the
end than is now incurred by the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order
in reference to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois. I think there is a short way of dis-
posing of that amendment. We are now upon a
deficiency bill to supply deficiencies in the public
printing ordered by the Senate and House of
Representatives. Here is a proposition which
travels outside of the question before the commit-
tee. It proposes to regulate the manner in which
the printing of the Executive Departments shall be
done. I therefore make t'he point of order that it
has no reference whatever to the subject-matter
before the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman makes the
point too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, believing that it is made too late.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now propose to offer, as
a substitute for the amendment, the amendment
which I offered a short time ago and which was
ruled out of order. The substitute proposes to
restrict the publication of these notices which
ought to be published in the States. They ought
to be published in the States instead of here, and
the money which is paid for that labor here should
be distributed among- the States where the blanks
and forms are needed. My substitute proposes
that instead of their being published in two or
three papers here, the publication shall be confined
to one paper, and that the thirty or forty thousand
dollars saved thereby shall be paid for publication
in the States where the service is performed.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. The
amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON, The amendment relates to
precisely the same subject as that of the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. SEWARD. If it is out of order I object
to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the Chair will
be good enough to look at the amendment. It
was ruled out of order beforehand now the Chair
has admitted an amendment regulating the print-
ing of the Executive Departments. Now, I ask
by what discriminating" process a difference can
be drawn between the gentleman's amendment
and my own ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order. The question is upon
the amendment of the ^entleman from Illinois.
The question was taken-, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I offer the following
amendment: Insert after the word " dollars," in
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Burnett,] the following:
And that said sum of money, so appropriated, shall be
applied to the completion of the "Pacific railroad surveys"
and the " commercial relation.-*," arid to s>uch other work
as has been ordered by Congress, which is now executed ;
and that the Committee on Printing be instructed to inquire
and repoit whether or not any portion of the woiks above
specified foi completion can be dispensed With without in-
jury to the volumes already completed.
And strike out all after said word " dollars,M
down to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise tc a question of order.
Mr. SEWARD. The original bill isnow being
amended, and I suggest to the gentleman from
Georgia that the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky is not now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that an
