WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
interest in any of this land, He was called upon
to,aid in securing the rights of the settlers; and
believing their cause just, he responded to the call.
He took sides, as he always has, with the people
against their oppressors; and with his aid the
rights of the people were recovered. It is true he
■was indited, but he was elected to the Legisla-
ture", served out his term, and was never tried,
ijhe truth is, his cause was just, and he was sus-
tained by the people. The gentleiran said that thfr
next thing; you hear ofhim he is in Kansas making
mischief there Who was making mischief when
hiS house was burned down, his library and fur-
niture destroyed by invaders, robbers, and incen-
diaries ;.when there was no one to protect his prop-
erty but his wife; and when it was done without
any provocation on his part. Who were the mis-
chief-makers when, this same man was confined
for months, guarded by armed ruffians, on false,
or rather no charges at all, and could not persuade
or drive his enemies to bring him to trial ? . He
was. kept imprisoned that his head and hands
might liot work for the freedom of Kansas. Were
the gentleman to be told of all the doings of that
man in Kansas he would find that his page of per-
sonal history is as pure and unsullied as that of
the gentleman from Virginia himself, or any other
assailant.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,} that much of the cause of the low state
of morals here and elsewhere, is owing to this ex-
treme partisan action; and in thinking of it I have
sometimes thought it would be far better for the
country to pass some law, if we could make its
operation equal, that men should hold their offices
during good behavior, instead of at the will and
pleasure of a partisan chief, that the country might
be relieved from this terrible and increasing evil.
It had better be so, though it might have the ap-
pearance, perhaps, of being somewhat anti-Dem-
ocratic, than to be running down and down as we
havelieen, and now are, into the very dregs of po-
litical corruption.
But there are other causes of this state of
things. Besides the free use of ardent spirits in
this city and elsewhere, I have thought there is
another cause quite as powerful, and which lias
as much influence over the peculiar character of
the crimes to which it gave rise—that is the uni-
versal practice of wearing arms, a practice grow-
ing out of the dueling code. It may be traced
to that at first. Men wear arms, they say, for
their own safety. It tends to lessen the value of
life in public estimation. It has now got into the
hands of these rowdies, so that it is now getting
to be quite ungenteel for a gentleman to murder
a man. I have some hope, however, that this
fearful state of things will produce a reaction at
last.
What must.be the remedy for all this ? I am not
capable of giving advice upon that point, but I can
only say if every man who feels his own personal
responsibility in connection with this matter will
set the right example in himself, and abstain from
wearing fire-arms, and from all kinds of violence
and vice,it would react upon the community; for
it is the every-day acts of you and me and of
every gentleman upon this floor, and elsewhere,
however inconsiderable they may appear, and
however small and minute they may be, that en-
ter into the great whole, and make up the account
of every day's transactions. They go into the his-
tory of the country and reflect back upon the peo-
ple. The people take their examples from the
highest sources; and when we reform ourselves
in these particulars, and, with all who hold influ-
ential positions in society and pretend to desire
reform, will hold up a continued and unexception-
al example to the country, I warrant you that
reform will extend to evjefy department of Gov-
ernment and of society.
. LEITER. When the gentleman from Vir-
ginia introduced his bill, I thought I discovered in
this House some disposition to have some action
in regard to the matters of this District; but after
listening to the discussion that has been going On
from day to day, I confess I doubt very much
whether this House will be able to arrive at any
satisfactory conclusion upon the subject. The
views of gentlemen appear to be as diversified as
their views upon every other subject. One has
a distrust of one kind, and another has a distrust
of a different kind; one finds one fault, and an-
other finds another fault. All propositions have
met with Opposition here.' Under these circuit!-
stances, we can hardly expect that anything will
be done for the good order of the people of this
city. I then introduced my substitute for the bill
introduced by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Goode,] the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia. I did so because it ap-
peared to me then that objection would be taken
to that bill on the ground that it would inaugurate
an immense political machinery by which the
rights of the people of this city would be sub-
verted . I must confess, air, that I have my doubts
of any good results following .the adoption of that
bill. It is a fact, standing Upon every page of the
history of your District, and almost upon every
page of the history of your country, that politics
and political organizations control, not only in
this District, but in the country, all the municipal
elections over the whole extent of our country.
In view of this historical fact, what can we
expect from a law which places the appointing
power in the hands of the Chief Executive—the
very man who stands at the head of one of the
political organizations of the country? The sys-
tem which he will be called upon to put in force
will be a political machine that will be used for the
purpose of advancing the interests of the party in
power. My purpose in offering my substitute,
was to obviate that objection, which, in my judg-
ment, is a paramount one. This city is the great
resort of politicians. It is the place where every
scheme of the schemers and politicians is con-
cocted and sent out to the country. For one, I
could find no fault with the President if he should
take ground with his political party. As party
men, we have party feelings, and always feel dis-
posed to reward our political friends for services
rendered, or supposed to be rendered in political
campaigns. The President, having had a large
number of people of this kind doing valuable ser-
vice for him, if not for the country, has all those
men hanging about him for the purpose of getting
places, and some of them seeking places under
this very law. Why, sir, to-day the streets of
Washington are filled with gentlemen marching
about asking members of Congress and others to
sign papers recommending them for chief of po-
lice, or captain of police, or for a lieutenancy.
When all this political influence is brought to bear
upon the Executive, I tell you he would be more
than human if he could withstand it.
In the substitute which I offered for the pur-
pose of obviating this difficulty, I named three
commissioners. I proposed to name the commis-
sioners in order to-keep the matter out of the
hands of the Executive, and to prevent, if possi-
ble, any party machinery from becoming attached
to the system. But I find among all the plans and
schemes that have been brought forward, that
there will probably be no chance for my bill at all,
and I do not know that there is anything, particu-
lar in it to commend it to the favorable consider-
ation of the House.
The proposition of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dodd,] to elect a board Of commis-
sioners, is, in my judgment, as objectionable as
the plan of the committee. How will you prevent
these men from conducting the elections here itl
just such a manner as they have been conducted
by them heretofore ? Will not party machinery
be brought to play? Why, surely; and the mo-
ment party machinery is applied to the system,
that very moment it becomes corrupt.
I take it that it is conceded on all sides that we
have constitutional power to legislate for this Dis-
trict. I believe no gentlpnian has doubted that
proposition, or if he has, he has not expressed it.
If, then, we have the power, I say it is our duty
to act, and to act promptly and efficiently, and,
as far as we can, provide for the punishment of
these men who are violating every law upon the
statute-book, and committing murderin the broad
day-light in the presence of members of this
House, as has been said.
But, sir, we have a duty to discharge, beyond
merely providing a police or auxiliary guard for
this city. We are advised by the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Singleton] that there are three
hundred groggeries in this city—mere nurseries
for crime and licentiousness. So long as those
nurseries are permitted to be kept up, you may
expect to have crime piled upon crime. No good
government can exist in such a place. We are fur-
ther informed by the gentleman from Mississippi
of the important fact that the city government re-
cqites a reward—a price—for licensing the keepers
of th4se denaof iniquity. Sir, we can have no good
government here, and no good laws, while these
places are permitted to be kept open; and I call
the attention of the Committee for the District of
Columbia to the developments which have been
made in this discussion. If it is right to sell in-
toxicating liquor, let it be sold as calico is sold,
without a license. If it is wrong to keep open
these groggeries, close them up; but do not grant
them licenses, so that, by authority of law, they
can go on and build up a system of crime, organ*
ized as it is in this city, so that men may violate
the laws of the country with impunity.
Much has been said here in regard to the Mayor
of this city. I have no controversy with the
Mayor. By what has been said upon this floor,
and by what we see every day upon the avenue,
gentlemen can judge of the efficiency or ineffi-
ciency of that gentleman and his administra-
tion.
But, sir, it is apparent to every one that one
great cause of all this trouble grows out of the
feet that you have, in this city, a club or polit-
ical association, called " Regulators" or " States'
Hose," or some such name. There is also an
association—I do not know whether it is political •
or not—called " Swypers;" and nine tenths of
the troubles that we nave had here have grown
out of the difficulties between these two organi-
zations, which in any well-regulated city would
long since have been disbanded. I say that if
the city government had discharged its duty, as
it should have done; if it had been faithful to its
trust, it would have long since disbanded these
ruffian organizations, and driven them from the
city. But instead of this, I am told that Amer-
ican citizens have been removed from the navy-
yard here, for the purpose of making room for
these very border-ruffians; that men who were
born in the District of Columbia, and have reared
up families in it, have been discharged, and their
places supplied by outcasts, the scourings of New
York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, who have
been brought here to regulate the city. From such
regulation God save my community!
It is currently reported and generally believed
that there are men employed in some of the Exec-
utive Departments, as clerks, who belong to these
regulators of the city's morality; men who receive
$1,600 per annum and upwards; and these are the
men who are to give tone to public sentiment, and
who are to be the supervisors, by peculiar fitness,
of the public morals. These are the very men;
they who leave their offices at an early hour, and
spend the rest of the day and night in grog-shops
with the rabble who are committing these depre-
dations we hear of upon the innocent and unoffend-
ing. Several weeks ago I saw, on Pennsylvania
avenue, a man in the possession of a police offi-
cer, and a ruffian start up and plunge his bowie-
knife into him; this, too, sir, at two o'clock in
the afternoon. These things are of daily occur-
rence, and no punishment has been inflicted. I
believe on yesterday there was a conviction. It
will be extraordinary news for the country, that
in Washington a man has actually been convicted
of a crime which he committed. It promises
something; we are led to believe that some good
may come out of this political Sodom.
Mr. Chairman, it is our duty, as Representa-
tives of the people of the United States, to act
promptly and efficiently in regard to this matter—
to do our whole duty, for upon our action depends
the honor and integrity of the American people.
If we sit idly by when crimes of the darkest dye
are committed, what record will it leave against
us? I am therefore in favor of speedy action, but
not political, partisan action. Give me a plan for
securing peace to this community, some jjlan that
will drive from its midst the ruffians that infest it,
and I will vote for it. In view of what has taken
place here and elsewhere in political organiza-
tions, I can never consent to the proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goode.] I
want full action, searching and effective action;
but so long as we strike at the consequences, and
do nothing more, these troubles will never end. I
want to do more. Let this committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia give the House an efficient bill
—one that will close up every groggery, stop the
entire system of granting licenses; that will extin-
guish these corner groceries, very appropriately
