1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SSI
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky is in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Of course it is. It would
be very lemarkable if it were not.
Mr. Chairman, I propose my amendment as
an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.] The gen-
tleman from Kentucky proposes to strike out
everything' after the seventh line of the bill, and
to appropriate #420,000 for the printing, binding,
engraving, lithographing, and so forth. Now, I
propose to amend Ins amendment, so as to direct
that the $420,000 shall be appropriated to the
completion of the Pacific railroad reports and the
report on commercial relations, and such other
works as are now executed and ready for deliv-
ery. My amendment furthermore provides that
the Committee on Printing be instructed to in-
quire into the fact whether or not it would he
proper to dispense with any portion of the Pacific
railroad surveys or the commercial relations; and
if so, that that committee report the fact to the
House. The $420,000 will be amply sufficient
for that purpose. A sum of $316,000 would cover
the amount of printing, binding, engraving, and
lithographing, for winch we now owe; and the
sum proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky
gives $104,000 in addition to that.
Now, I desire to state to the committee that,
in the original bill, the Committee of Ways and
Means ask for $178,000 for lithographing and en-
graving, whilst there is, in the hands of the proper
officers, the sum of $125,000 that has not yet been
disbursed. Again, sir, none of the binding of
seventy thousand extra copies, and ten thousand
seven hundred and ten regular copies of the Pa-
cific railroad surveys has been done; and there is,
in the hands of the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, at this time, a sum of $125,000. That,
with the amount proposed by the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, will make a suffi-
cient sum to cover the entire amount of the debt,
as well as to carry forward the Pacilic railroad
surveys and the commercial relations, provided
the Committee on Printing deem it proper and
right to continue the publication of those works
to their completion. Now, X ask the committee
to adopt that amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman from
Georgia whether he is not aware that the sums
now in hand, to which he has referred, were de-
ducted by the Committee of Ways and Means,
with the exception of some $5,001) ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 know that.
Mr. PHELPS. Then justice required that you
should state it to the committee.
' Mr. CRAWFORD. The Clerk says that there
is a sum of $125,000 still in his hands to pay for
this work, and 1 am informed by an officer under
the Clerk of the House that none of the binding
of the Thirty-Third Congress or of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress has yet gone into the hands of
the binder, and they have money yet on hand to
payforlithographingandengravmg. Why, then,
should we appropriate $790,000 when they have in
their possession $125,000 which has not yet been
expended on binding and lithographing? I hope
the committee will adopt my amendment,
Mr. PHELPS. I desire that the Clerk shall
report the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky "as it will read if the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia shall be adopted. If I
understand the amendment, the gentleman pro-
poses to strikeout matter which has already been
adopted by the committee. If that be so, I desire
to make the question of order, that the gentleman
has no right to submit an amendment to strike out
what has been adopted by the committee.
The amendments .were again read.
Mr. PHELPS. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia is entertained, I have some-
thing to say in opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I have but a few remarks to
make. I was astonished that the gentleman from
Georgia, who is a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, did not inform the House that
that committee had diminished the appropriation
by so much money as was in the hands of the
Clerk, which might be applied to the payment of
the expense of binding, engraving, and litho-
graphing. 'His statement would seem to convey
the idea that the Committee of Ways and Means
did not take that into consideration,when the fact
is, they did diminish the appropriations by that
amount with the exception of §5,000 which it was
intimated was necessary to pay bills outstanding.
But the gentleman from Georgia rises and tells
y6u, when the printing of the Commercial Rela-
tions has not been completed", that he wants no
portion of this money to go to defray the expenses
of printing that work.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir, I did not say that.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I misunderstood the gen-
tleman, and I have no desire to misrepresent him.
But I understood the gentleman to say that no
portion of the documents ordered to be printed
by the Thirty-Third Congress had as yet been
bound. The gentleman stated that 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will repeat what I said, or
intended to be understood assaying. I intended
to say that the binding for the Thirty-Third Con-
gress amounted to $93,000, and the binding for
the Thirty-Fourth Congressamounted to$39,000,
making in all $132,000, which amount was esti-
mated for by the committee, that there was now
in the hands of the Clerk $75,000, and that no
portion of the work had gone to the binders.
That is what I stated.
Mr. PHELPS. The way in which the bill was
prepared was this. The Clerk submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means his estimate of
the amount necessary to defray the expenses.
He exceeded the amount of money which he has
at his disposal for this purpose; and we have di-
minished the sum by the amount of money which
the Clerk has on hand, in each instance, for the
binding and engraving. So that we do not ap-
propriate any more money than is necessary,
according to the estimate of the Clerk, including
the unexpended balance ofapproprialion on hand.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Crawford's
amendment to the amendment: and it was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I now ask that the Clerk re-
port the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burnett,] with the part of the bill
which it proposes to strike out. Then we can
make it a test vote, and can vote understandmgly.
Mr. Burnett's amendment, as amended by
that of Mr. Seward, was reported as follows:
Strike out of the bill the following words :
The'following sums of money are hoieby appropiiated
out of any money m the Treasuiy not otherwise appropri-
ated :
To pay for paper, $JG9,133.
To pay lor tiio punting oidered by tho Penatf* and House
of Representatives dunns; tin* Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fonith 58.
To pay for the buiUimr, lithographing, and engraving or-
dered by the Senate dunna the T hirty-Tinid and Thirty
Fourth Consreisses, $32"),.V>5 if .
To pay foi the bmums, engraving, lithographing, and
elc trotypmg ordered by the Hou-=e ot Kopre^i ntativc.?
diuing "the Thirty-Third and Thirtv-Fourth Congresses,
fa
And m&eit m h"u thereof the following:
The sum of $-k>O.OUO is! heieby anpiopiiated out of ;tny
money in the Tu-asuiy not otherwise appropiiated: Pro-
vided, That no part of the appropriations contemplated by
this act shall 1 v; paid, un!>'^ tne same be received and ac-
cepted by tho^e claiming to be entitled thereto in full con-
sideration for any and every book now printed, or to be
printed; for all paper now purchased, or to be purchased;
for all engravings, finished or unfinished ; lithographing, fin-
ished or unfinished; or any other woik done,ortobe done,
ordered during theThnty-Tlmd and Thnty-Fouith Con-
gr«;ssys, upon the condition only so far a  may be within the
le?al operation of some contiact heretofoie entered into,
which shall be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know whether it
is not in order for me to move that the amend-
ments of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gak-
nctt,]andof the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pi-ielps,] be added to myamendmentas amended?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can offer
a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is proposed as a substitute.
Is it not in order now to amend that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to amend it
by adding to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I understand that the
gentleman from Kentucky moves to add these
'••other amendments to his. His motion is to em-
body them all in one amendment; and then the
two propositions will come up in competition, the
original bill as amended, and the amendment as
amended. That is competent; and the Chair is
right in so ruling.
. The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is competent for the gentleman from Kentucky to
move to amend his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. That is the motion I make-
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask for the reading
of the propositions to bemadded as amendments to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The amendments were again read.
The question now being on Mr. Burnett's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bufpiktok
and Talbot were appointed. * * "
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 69.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
[The committee here informally rose, and a
messoge in writing was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by James Buchawan-
Hexhy, his Private Secretary, which was handed
in at the Speaker's table; and the committee again
resumed its session.]
Tho question then recurred on the substitute
submitted by Mr. Burnett as amended.
The amendment as amended was disagreed to—
ayes 51, noes 80.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move ray amendment
as an amendment to the original bill. I move to
add at the end of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the appropriations contem-
plated by this act shall be paid, unless the same be received
and accepted by those claiming to be entitled thereto,m
full consideration for any and every book now printed or to
be plinted; foi all paper now purchased or to be purchased ;
for engraving finished orunfmished; lithographing finished
or unfinished; or any other work don^ or to be done; oidered
during the TInrtv-Third or Thirty-Fourth Congresses, and
then only so fat as may be within the legal operation of some
contract heretofore eiiteied into, which shall be determined
by the Secretary of the Ttcaaury.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on his amendment. It is substantially em-
braced in the amendments adopted to the original
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on my amendment;
and demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Adrain were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 62.
So the amendment was lost. ^ •
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the commit-
tee rise, and report the -bill and amendments to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Davis, of Indiana, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state uf the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 202) to appropriate money to supply de-
ficiencies for the paper, printing, binding, and
engraving, ordered by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fouith Congresses, and had directed him to
report the same to the House with sundry amend-
ments, with a recommendation that they be con-
curred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 88, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkms, Avery, Blair, Burlin£ame, Bur-
nett. Case, Claw^on, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane.
Uoiiax, Covode, Burton Cralge, Crawford, Curry, Davis of
Massachusetts. David of Iowa, Bevvart, Dodd, Durfee, El-
liott, English, Fenton, Foley, Garaett, GartrelJ, GHman,
Goodwin", Grow, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hilt, Hoard,
Houston, Hushed, Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kem, Killing, Lamar, Leaeh, Leiter, McQueen, Humphrey
Maroiiall,iMaynard, Miles, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Potter, Pow-ei,
Rea-lv, Reagan, lticaud, Robbins, Royce, Scales, fee ward,
HenrV M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson. W< Sherman,
Stallwortb, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson,Tsilbot, Thayer,
Tompkins, Trippe, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadvval-
ader C. Wash bum, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wilson,
Wood, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcof-
f0NAyS—Mpsph. Abbott, Adrain, Ah!, Anderson, An-
drewto, Arnold, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bo-
eoek Binyto.i, Bryan, Buffuiton, Burroughs, Campbell,
C* skie, Ctiafffe, Chapman, Ezr.i Claik, John B Clark,
City, Jonn Cochrane, Coekeril!,Comins, Cox, James Craig,
Pamrell, l>avid.-ou, Davirf of Marvland, Davn of Indiana,
Pavis of MiNsif«jppi, Bean, Euinuml-<>n, Eudtis, Farns-
wortb, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Guiding?, Gtihs, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goodf, Granger. Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
