THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
—'   —  •=- ^ !l!!LJ!!!!!i^^__ 1 1 1 . . . 1 J L_L.l^ 1 , <M 1 " '   ,'J,   !_; , 1 I '■'■'H'l,fJljllJg!!
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 1858.
New Series....No. 166.
/
v-
fcf tlio Treasury on the finances, that the amount
estimated, as necessary for that work, is $100,000,
and I do not know why a larger amount than that
estimated by the Department should be required.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will yield in a moment,
as soon as.I get through with my statement. In
the report on the finances, it is stated that the total
amount of appropriations requiied,is $1,703,000;
amount expended up to the 30th of September,
1857, $1,246,810 77; leaving1 a balance available
for the completion of the work, of $450,189 23.
The superintendent estimates that there will be
required for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857—that is manifestly a mistake, because there
has been a report made for that year; it means
1B59—an appropriation of $100,000. The Com-
mittee on Finance have recommended an appropri-
ation of $300,000. It seems to me thai is one of
those items that ought to attract theattention of the
Senate. The report docs not state what the whole
amount necessary to complete this building will
be. I apprehend, if the question had been sub-
mitted to the Senate when this custom-house was
commenced, whether they would appropriate
$2,000,000 for building it, such a proposition would
not have carried. I wish to be informed why
$300,000 arc asked for by the committee, when the
superintendent requested but $100,000? 1 should
like to know what the total cost of the building,
if it should c\er be completed, is to be?
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that this amendment was based on
an estimate sent in after the annual report of (he
Secretary. It was based upon an estimate made
by Major Bowman, the superintendent of con-
struction, and recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasuiy. It was founded, as I snul before,
upon the i nfprmation that the con tracts for material
which would have to be executed during the next
fiscal year, and the labor which would be neces-
sary in order to put that material in the building,
would amount to this sum of $350,000; and I was
assured that the Department estimated only to
employ so much labor as was necessary, in older
to place this material in situ, and to save it fiom
waste. I understood it was upon that principle
that all the estimates were made, with the excep-
tion of some that were made for custom-houses
and marine hospitals winch were nearly finished,
and for which a small sum was necessity m oider
to complete them. That estimate was made alter
the report to which the Senator refeis. In regard
to this amendment, I suggest to the Senator that
we had better take the vote on the whole of it in
a lump, since it is only; to this special clause of it
to which he has objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would say to the Senator that but one amendment
has been reported by the committee. The ques-
tion will be on concurring in that amendment, un-
less some proposition be made to divide it.
Mr. IIUNTER. Then I wish to say one word
in regard to the rest of the amendment. I ac-
knowledge it was improvident legislation that ever
authorized these custom-houses to be built by the
Government of the United States at Charleston or
New Orleans, or any of these other places, with-
out limiting the expenses of construction within
a sum thought reasonable and proper by Con-
gress. That was an error of long standing—one
which cannot be corrected now by any legisla-
tion wluch wc may enact. The whole question
is, whether wc shall finish these buildings or not.
That is the first question; and the next is, if we
mean to finish them, what is the most economical
mode of managing those buildings during the next
fiscal year? The most economical mode, as far
as the committee could see, seemed to be to pay
for that material which would he delivered by con-
tract, and then to use so much labor as might be
necessary to place that material in proper posi-
tion, in order to save it from waste, and let the
building progress to that extent, and^ to restrain
any expenditure in the present condition of the
Treasury beyond that limit. That, we were as-
sured, was the ground upon which this estimate
106
was recommended. It will be for the Senate to
say whether they choose even to do so or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is one branch of
my inquiry which the gentleman has not an-
swered , and upon which I should be glad to have.
information; and that is, what is the estimate for
finishing this building, if there is any estimate of
the probable cost of completing this custom-house ?
Mr. HUNTER. There is no accurate esti-
mate. I asked the superintendent that question.
I believe he thinks it will be built for a little under
three million dollars, but he could not venture to
make an accurate estimate. I have got none for
the Charleston cnatom-housc.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I ask and appeal to
Senators to know whether they arc prepared to
go on voting $300,000 a year on such information
as this ? Here is a building for which you have
already appropriated, including the amount in
this hill, upwards of two million dollars. The
superintendent is unable to give an estimate of
what the building will cost—probably about three
million dollars. Why, sir, this is a monstrous
sum of money to be appropriated to the construc-
tion of a single custom-house. Three million dol-
lars for erccting a custom-house for the single city
of Charleston! Are we to go on appropriating
money without any estimate whatever as to what
the expense is to be? Is there no plan for this
buildni" ?
Air. HUNTER.. There was a plan adopted by
Congress long ago. Itisboimr constructed ac-
cording to that plan, and that i^ one reason why
it has cost so much. I behove the only two cus-
tom-houses which we arc making m that way are
those in Charleston and New Orleans. They
were made, not upon contract, but upon plans
adopted by Congress, and thatis one reason why
they have been so costly. During the last, year
or two the Departments have adopted the plan of
estimating fii st the cost, and contracting in refer-
ence to that supposed cost. When a contract was
made in reference to the supposed cost, it has
turned out in most instances that the cost was a
little more, owing to some accident not foreseen
when the estimate was made and the contract was
entered into.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that a very great
impiovemenf. in our legislation that wc should
have an estimate for every work pioposed to be
constructed, and that the contract should be made
with reference to the completion of the building;
but it seems to me not too late now to provide
that this building shall not cost more than a cer-
tain sum. In order to test the sense of the Senate
m regard to these appropimtions, whether they
aie to go on or not—^100,000 being all that was
asked by the superintendent when the official re-
port was sent to us—I will move to amend the
clause, which now rends, "For continuing the
woik on tin: custom-house at Charleston, South
Carolina, $,300,000," by striking out'' three " and
inserting <{ one," if it be in order.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can move to
amend the amendment, by striking out " three,"
and inserting " one;" but, if he will aliow me,
here 13 a letter that 1 will read to him from the
superintendent.
The Secietary read the following letter:
Treasury Departmkn r, May 0, 1858.
Sir In my annual repoit to you on the condition ot the
M;veral building bums* erect' <1 undei the Tica^my Dep.ut-
nienf, J hart the honor to call attention to the appropn-
atiotio recjiiued to be mad'1 to canyon the \voik-> with
{cM-somy, liaviti« a pioprr legaid to the peeumaiy embai-
iu.-~iaontof the Trea-ury.
Since that period (September 30) the works have pro-
cies.-ed with mcie-i^ed vigor, owing to the abundance and
eompai ative <* heapne-'.; of materials and Iaboi, consequent
upon the hard tunes. The result ha^ been that !ai?ei ex-
pundituies have been made than could then be anticipated.
A? rrnnoftho works are being done by contract, it wasun-
po^uhle to restrain ih<> mcioased expenditures.
From this cruise the unexpended balances that were ex-
pected to be available foi the tir^fc two quarters oi the next
fiscal \ e<u aie gieatiy icducod, and in soni^ in>t<uice5 en-
tirely "expended. Owiiig to this increased v% i in pros-
ecuting the woiks, many of them will be finished, it' the
nece^ry appropnauon-s aie now made, before *the next
meeting of Congress.
Iii view of tbeoe circumstances, and to avoid damages
which the contractors will not fad to demand if the works
aie suspended, and at the same time to save the large
amounts now annually paid for rent of buildings, which
those m question are designed to replace, I would most re-
spectfully recommend that Congress be requested to make
the following appropriations : All designed to complete, in
every particular, all the buildings named, except the cus-
tom houses at New Orleans and Charleston, and the Treas-
ury extension, of which laiter the sum asked will finish the
south and a portion of the wes>t wing.
I also subjoin estunatos in gros^ accompanied by others
in detail, of the amounts necessary to fence, grade, and
furnish tho<e buildings that aie. now completed or that Will
be finished betoie the next meeting of Congress.
f have the honor to bo, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, A. H, BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge of Treasury Department,
Hon. flowKLL Cobi>, Secretary oj the Treasury,
Mr. TKUMUULL. That is a general letter*,
applicable,! suppose, to all these appropriations.
Mr. IIUNTER. Yes, sir; applicable to them
all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not relate prin-
cipally to the custom-house at Charleston. In
regard to most of the public works for which ap-
propriations are made by this amendment reported
from the Committee on Finance, it is in contem-
plation that the appropriation will finish the build-
ing; but thatis not so in respect to the custom-
houses at Charleston and New Orleans, and the
Treasury building. Therefore it does not seem
to me that there would be any particular neces-
sity for increasing the amount from $100,000 to
$.300,000 m this case. Let us appropriate$100,000
now, and see if, before another appropriation is
called for, wc cannot limit, in some way, the ex-
penditures upon the very extravagant custom-
houses at these particular points. I am not aware
whether the motion to strike out " three," and
insert " one,"is in order at this stage of the.pro-
ceeding. i suppose, however, if it is not in order
in that form, it can be reached in some other
way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that the motion would be in
°l Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I make that ^mo-
tion, to suike out'4 three," and insert " one."
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to make one
suggestion. As I understood the letter, most of
these appropriations are designed to pay contracts
now made; and if there should be a contract made
to furnish material for a larger sum than it is now
proposed to appropriate, you cannot reduce the
material atall and you have nothing to do butput
it up. 1 understand that the custom-housc is now
in a condition where some very costly and elabo-
rate woik for the inside is going on, and I am
told by those interested that the contractors will
have claims on the Treasury for over two hun-
dred thousand dollars in the ensuing fiscajgyear.
I do not see any economy m lniving a lawsuit for
damages by suspending the contract and laying
by the materials, and having this work knocked
over to next year rather than trying to finish it.
If the work is to cost §2,000,000 and the plan was
extravagant, I would nbt spoil it, but finish it.
The capitals for the pillars.have cost a great deal
of money. I do not believe it is economy to stop it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would say to the Senator,
if he will allow me, by way of explanation, that
I saw Major Bowman himself, in reference to this
matter, for it seemed a large estimate, and h« tolU
me it was no more than was necessary, in order
to pay for the material contracted for and to put
it up. I asked him if any loss would accrue to
the Government if we should simply pay for the
material, and not put it up, for I was anxious to
confine it to that, if I could. He said there would
be a great loss, because there was a great deal of
carved marble, and if exposed to the weather it
would be injured by that exposure. Upon that
explanation, for one, I agreed to the item (reluct-
antly, I admit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state for the in-
formation of the Senator from Rhode Island, that
there is almost half a million of dollars bow ap-
plicable to this work—$456,000', or there was,
when the report was made on the 30th of Septem-
ber. There cannot have been a great amount of
