580
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14)
f35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United
From Dakotah City, via Sargent's Bluffs, to
Fort Des Moines, Iowa.
From Bellevue to Fort Des Moines, Iowa.
From Omadi, via Logan, St. John, Addison,
Punoa, Concord, and St. James, to Niobrarah.
Fi-om Niobrarah to Fort Randall.
From Fort Randall, via the mouth of Blue Earth
river, to the mouth of Little Mcdicine Knoll river.
From Niobrarah, via the Ponea reserve, to
Chimney Rock.
OHIO".
From McArthur, Vinton county, via Laurel
Grove, to South Bloomingville, in Hocking coun-
ty.
From Powhatan Point, via Captina Ring's
Mills, Armstrong's Mills, Beallsville, Pilcher, to
Malaga.
From Waverly, via Allison and Iron Spring,
to Bambridge.
From Nelsonville, via Hitchcock's Mills,
Hocksville, and Medill, to New Lexington.
From Walhanding, via Yankee Ridge post of-
fice, in Coshocton county, Jones's Corners, Dc-
witt's Ridge, Drake's Valley, to Loudonville, in
Ashland county.
From Newark to Millwood.
From Colton, in Henry county, via Beta, West
Barre, to Wauseon, in Fulton county.
From McConnellsville, via Wolf Creek, Ring-
gold, Wise's X Roads, and Bishopsviile, to Trim-
ble.
From Belpre, via Dunham, Veto, Vincent, Bar-
low, Watertown, and Waterford, to Beverly.
From Ridge post office, in Coshocton county,
via Clark's Mills, to Bloomfield.
From Maria Stine post office to Minster.
From Youngstown to Mercer, in Mercer coun-
ty, Pennsylvania.
From Lancaster, via Royalton, South Bloom-
field, Genoa, Harrisburgh, California, to London,
in Madison county.
From Gilead, via New Westfield and Osage
Pike, to McComb.
From Powhatan Point, viaKantzig's,Lantiz's,
Gates's Yard, and Beallsville, to Malaga.
From Portsmouth to Locust Grove.
From River Styx to Guildford.
From Wadsworth to Guilford.
OREGON TERRITORY.
From Salem, along the military road, to x\sto-
na.
From Roseburg, via the Coquille valley, to
Empire City, at Coose bay.
From Salem to Tilamook bay.
From Salem, via Fort Yamhill, to Grand Hound
Reservation agency.
From Salem to Franklin Butte, in Lynn coun-
ty-
From Lafayette, via McMinville, M.uddy, Wil-
helmina, to Grand Round Ilest-ivation agency.
From Jacksonville, via Mansaneta, to Freder-
ick Westgate, Jackson county.
From Roseburg, in Douglas county, via Look-
ing-Glass Prairie, Ten Mile Prairie, Camas
Swam, Coquille valley, to Empire City.
From Salt Lake City, via Clamath Lake and
Jackson, to Roseburg.
PENNSYLVANIA.
From Strattonville, via Kahli's Store, in Jef-
ferson county, to Clarington.
From Troy to Blossburg.
From Harrisonville, via Emanuel Sipe's Mill,
Warfordsburg, to Hancock, Maryland.
From Ray's Hill to Akersville.
From GUiakertown to Trumbowersville.
From Gap, via Buyerstown, New Milltown,
and Hat, to Intercourse.
Fiom Bellefonte, Centre Furnace,and Farmer's
High School, to Pine Grove Mills.
From Emlenton, viaLawrenceburg, to Bmdy's
Bend iron Works.
From Bethany, via Dyberry Fall, West Leba-
non, liasf Mount Pleasant, to Pleasant Mount.
From Butler, via Sparr's Store, Middletown,
North Washington,and McMahon, to Emlenton.
From Bedford, via Ilainsburg and Chcneys-
ville, to Eibenville.
From Allentown, via Emans and Millerstown,
Long Swamp, to Mertztown.
From Coalraont, via Broad Top, New Grenada,
Dublin Mills, and Fort Littleton, to Burnt Cab-
ins.
From John P. Krigbaum's, via Palo Alto,
Bridgeport, and Buffalo Mills, to Mount Choice.
From Gaines, via Germania and Elk run, to
Carter's Camp, in Potter county.
From Harrisonville, via Saluvia Tannery,
West Dublin, and Wells's Tannery, to Alla-
quippa
From Saltsburg, in Indiana county, to Perrys-
ville.
From Baldwin post office, Butler county, to
Adams' post office, in Armstrong county.
From Coylesville, in Butler county, via Church
Hill, Adams', Mouth of Red Bank, to Reimers-
burg, in Clarion county.
From Fannettsburg to Carrick Furnace, in
Franklin county.
From Lancaster, via Millport and Musselman's
Mill, to Strasburg.
From Leiverling's, on the Meadville and Edin-
burg plank road, in Crawford county, via Wa-
terford and Belleville, to Wattsburg.
From Mercer, via West Middlesex, to Youngs-
town, Ohio.
From Clarion to Tianesta.
From Mercer to Brownsville.
From Andesville, via Sandy Hill, to Anderson-
burg.
From Andesville, via Roseburg, Ickesberg, and
Shull's Mills, to Sandy Hill.
From Hollidaysburg to Williamsburg.
From Martinsburg to Kalamazoo.
From Waterford, via Belldona, to Wattsburg.
From Plumcrhouse to Titusville.
From Bustleton, m Philadelphia, by the By-
berry P. 0., to Oak ford, in Back's county.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
From Monk's Corner, via Cordesville,Huger's
Bridge, and Brick Church, to Cainhoy, on the
Watido river.
From Charleston to Curtis', on John's Island.
From King's Tree to Potato Fen, on Black
river.
From Spartanburg C. H., via Crawfordville
and Reidvillc, to Greenville C. II.
From Unionville, via ICelton, Mount Joy, and
Skull Shoals, to Gowdysville.
From Charleston to New Orleans, by the way
of Fernandina and Cedar Key, the route to go
into operation if the service can be performed m
sixty hours.
From Union C. II., daily, to Spartanburg,
TENNESSEE.
From Vernon, via Dunnington, to Buffalo.
From Waynesboro, via Ashland, to Linden.
From Waynesboro, via Smith's Fork and
Hamburgh, to Corinth, Mississippi.
From Nashville, via Saddle Tree, to Leiber's
Fork.
From Granville to Chestnut Mound.
From Manchester, via Hillsboro' and Hind-
man's Hill, to Pel ham.
From Union Depot, via Blountsville, to EUis-
ville.
From Knoxville to Wallace's Cross Roads.
From Maynardville to Loy's Cross Roads.
From Knoxville, via Moor's Rest, Vandegriff's
and Racoon Valley, to Maynardville.
From Maynardville, via Lost creek, to Speed-
well. *
From Jac kson, via MountPinson,Montezuma,
to Purdy.
From Rock Island, via John L. Gressom's
Store, Thomas Fancher's Mills, to Cokeville.
From the mouth of Sandy, via Buchanan, to
Conyersville.
From Dyersburgh, via Chestnut Bluff, to
Brownsville,
From Elhjoy, via Knob creek and Guist's
creek, to Sevierville.
From McMinnville, via Myro's, in Warren
county, and Sargeant's, in Bledsoe county, to
Pikeville.
From Franklin, via Hart's Cross Roads, E-aTly
Hill, Hardison's Mill, Beard's Store, and Berlin,
to Lewisburg.
From Franklin, via Barren, to Charlotte.
From Huntingdon, via Pans and Boydsville,
to Mayfield, Kentucky.
From Lexington, via Mifflin, to Jackson.
From Paris, via Mansfield and Marborough,
to Huntingdon.
From Silvertop, via Darnell's Landing, to Com-
promise.
From Knoxville, via Beaver Ridge, Del Rey,
Robertsville, Olivers', Crooked Fork, Morgan
Court-House, Sage Field, and Glades, to James-
town. m
From Pikeville, via Pink Ridge and Myres-
ville, to McMinnville.
From Athens, via Suvee and Moor's Store, to
Sulphur Springs.,
From Spring creek, in Madison county, via
Lecompton ana Juno, to Crucifer.
From Sparta, up the Calf Killer, via John H.
Carmichael's, James Bohanan's, to the post
office on the Walton road.
From Murfreesboro', to Las Casas, Milton, and
Auburn, to Liberty.
From Memphis, by railroad, to Madison and
Little Rock, in Arkansas.
TEXAS.
From Jasper to San Augustine.
From Gilmer, in Upshur county, to Sulphur
Springs, Bright Star P. 0., in Hopkins county.
From Petersburg, on Lake Soda, in Harrison
county, to Marshall, along the railroad.
From Alto, in Cherokee county, to county site
of Angelina county, or Jonesville.
From Logansport, viaTruit's Store, milliard's,
and Buena Vista, to Nacogdoches.
From Paris, in Lamar county, to Mount Pleas-
ant, in Titus county.
From Carissa to Athens.
From Crockett, via Stell's Landing, to Centre-
ville.
From Hillsboro, via Buchanan and Weather-
ford, to Fort Belknap.
From Fort Sullivan, via Cameron, to Betten.
From Cunningham, via Leesburg, to Lexing-
ton.
From Seguin, via Post Oak, Sutherland Springs,
Chisem's Crossings, to Helena.
From Betten to Gatesville.
From Centreville to Magnolia.
From St. Mary's, via Refugio, to Goliad.
From Magnolia to Centreville.
From Fort Davis to Presidio del Norte.
From Marshall, via Gilmer, Q,uitman, and
Greenville, to Dallas.
From some point in Texas to San Diego, in
California.
From Tyler, via Athens, Carsicance, and Dres-
den, to Waco.
From Columbus to George Waldman's.
VERMONT.
From Cabot, via Walden, East Hardwicke,
and Greensboro', to Barton.
From Barton, via East Craftsbury and Crafts-
bury, to North Craftsbury.
From Readsboro', Vermont, via Monroe, to
Florida, in Massachusetts.
From Castleton, via Hubbardton, to Sudbury.
From Hancock, in Addison county, via Gran-
ville, to Warren, in Washington county.
VIRGINIA.
From Oakland to Homeland.
From Beaver Dam Depot, via Chilesburg,
Apple Wood, and Hippo's, to Thornburgh.
From North River Mills to Slonesville, in
Hampshire county.
From Greenville to Mount Airy, in Surry
county, North Carolina.
From Mannington, via Eugenius Wilson's, to
West Union.
From Kctterman's, in Hardy county, via Mal-
low's Settlement, Swedlin Hill, Brake's Run,
Oak Flat, Sugar Grove, and Palo Alto, to Mc-
Dowell, in Highland county.
Fiom Russellville, via Springvale, James Tal-
ly's Ford, on the Nolachucky river, Driskall's,
on Slate creek, Evans' ixj Roads, to Parrotts-
vilie.
From Betten, via Gorby's, Isaac Miller's, Ab-
salom Postlewaits', and Benjamin Johnston's, to
New Martinsville.
From Williesburg, via Otter Hill, Medon,
Gregory's Store, and Thomas Gregory's, to
Boydten.
From California to Smithville.
