1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
and offenses which have been heaped up moun-
tain-high before us, should do something, do it
quickly, and do-it well, in order to restore good
order and good government to the people of this
Clt{t is claimed, by some that the people of the
District of Columbia have the right of popular
sovereignty, that great panacea for all the evils
of the people, which was preached upon every
stump m 1856, before the election of the Presi-
dent, and repudiated now by every Democrat in
this House except twenty-two. That popular
sovereignty, which was preached all over the
length and breadth of the land, from Maine to
California, and from the Pacific to the Lakes, be-
fore Buchanan was elected, and repudiated here,
is now to be claimed for this District. The right
of sovereignty of this District is in the United
States, and can only be exercised by the rep-
resentatives of the people, and not by the people
of the District. Why try to make anything more
out of this popular sovereignty idea? It is dead
and gone. You have gained the only victory you
will ever gain on any such ground as that. It
■was a bad investment.
Now, sir, inasmuch as my proposition is not
up, and wishing to be distinctly understood, I say
I shall vote against the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia as it now stands; but, if he
will put it into such a shape that I can vote for it,
I will go as far as I can, consistently with my con-
victions of right, in order to give pcace and quiet
to the people of this District.
I am giad that this discussion has taken place,
that the people may know what kind of socicty,
and what kind of municipal lobulations we have
in this city; for, if the Representatives should go
home, and tell what crimes are committed here,
their constituents would think they had become
insane in the capital of the nation. Yet, when all
testify to it upon the floor of this House, no man
can doubt the truth of what lias been said; and I
fear half the truth has not been told, and never
will be. Hoping something will be done that will
result beneficially to the people of the District, 1
leave this matter with the committee for its action,
without anything further from me.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the special order, being
Senate bill " To establish an auxiliary guard for
the protection of public and private property in
the city of Washington, and repealing all acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject;" and
had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELSEY, (at
twenty minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 1G, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. M. Carson.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, a copy of the proceedings of a board of officers
appointed to examine and test the improvement
of the fire-arms invented and patented by Captain
J. N. Ward,of the Arm^^wiiich was, on motion
of Mr. Clay, referred Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, informa-
tion in relation to the publication of the results of
the naval exploring and surveying expedition to
the North Pacific ocean and China seas, and also
of the results of the expedition to the La Plata
river; which was, on motion of Mr. Stuart, re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
The PRESIDENT jn-ofrapo/'e. This day hav-
ing been appropriated by special resolution to the
consideration of private bills, the Senate will now
proceed to the consideration of those bills, unless
they be postponed by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to make a report. I
hope I shall be allowed to do so.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to present several
memorials and joint resolutions from the Legis-
lature of the State of Iowa.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to present memorials or reports, unless on
leave granted by the Senate, this whole day
having been set apart for private bills by a special
resolution.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to suspend the special
order until one o'clock, so that the morning busi-
ness may go on.
Mr. STUART. I submit that it would be bet-
ter,simply to postpone the private bills by general
consent, until the Senate gets through with the
morning business.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The Chair will
understand that to be the sense of the Senate un-
less objected to, and will therefore receive peti-
tions, reports, and resolutions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial and res-
olution of the Legislature of Iowa, in relation to
the grant of land for the improvement of the Des
Moines river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Iowa, in favor of a repeal of the duty on sugar;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial and resolution of
the Legislature of Iowa in relation to the five per
cent, school fund; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of an appropriation of money
for a double track railroad around the lower rapids
of the Mississippi, on the Iowa or west side of
the river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of certain additional mail
facilities; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in relation to the pension of Catha-
rine Dickerson; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial
of George Stealey, of Frankfort, Kentucky, pray-
ing for compensation for services and expenses
while on amission to the Indian tribes in the north-
ern part of California, under authority of the In-
dian commissioners, in 1550and 1851; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, in favorof a grant of lands to that
State for the erection of buildings for an agricul-
tural college; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Ver-
linna S. Hutchinson, widow of C. C.Hutchinson,
a private in Captain Nelson's company of Georgia
mounted volunteers in the Mexican war, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the
President and Directors of the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company, praying that the United States,
by an appropriation or advance of the dividends
resulting from their stock in that company, or
otherwise, will aid in the construction of the new
cut from the south end of the canal to the Pasquo-
tank river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. J. F. Carter, their Chief Clerk, was re-
ceived , announcing that the House had passed the
following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 51) to authorize a register to be
issued to the steamer Fearless.
A bill (No. 167) for the relief of the owners of
the bark Attica, of Portland, Maine.
Also, that the House had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 482) regulating the compensation of the offi-
cers and marines of the revenue cutters, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered. That the petition of James Roddy, on the flips
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
CRIMINAL COURT IN "WASHINGTON.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rejoiced, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reorganizing the
criminal court for the District of Columbia, ami of estab-
lishing a municipal or city couit in the city of Washington.
LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the .Secretary of the Interior be directed to
communicate to the Senate the number of acres of vacant
lands in the even-JUKnbeicd sections which remain to the
United States in township eighty-nine, range foity-seven,
in the State of Iowa, and also the reasons why the vacant
even-numbered sections in said township are not included
in the proclamation for public sales to commence at Sioux
City, Iowa, on the lbt day of July, 1858.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRODERICK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
2G9) for the better security of landowners in the
city and county of San Francisco, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of George
W. Flood, reported a bill (S. No. 266) for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of G-.
A. Breast, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 2G7) for the relief of G. Alonzo
Breast. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
174) to amend an act entitled " An act to regu-
late the carriage of passengeis in steamships cind
other vessels,"appioved March S, 3855, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Aaron
Haight Palmer, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 2G8) for the relief of Aaron II.
Palmer. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill
(S. No. 181) for the relief of Anson Dart, re-
ported it with amendments.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have directed me to report back the bill (II. R.
No. 306) to supply deficiencies m the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 185tf, with some amendments. I
give notice that, to-morrow, I shall ask the Sen-
ate to consider the bill. I shall not ask to have
it taken up to-day, because a response has not
been received to the call made by the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the report made by
the Senator from Virginia passes from the Sen-
ate, I should like to inquire what the amendments
reported are? If they are important ones, I trust
they will be printed. I know that, at former ses-
sions of Congress, the appropriation bills have
come in, and numerous amendments have been
t reported without there being any opportunity to
: see them or know what they were. I trust the
: amendments, if they are of any importance what-
| ever, will be printed, that wc may see them be-
j fore they come up for consideration.
Mr HUNTER. There are only two small
amendments, and the bill will be printed as
amended, under the rule, without any order; but
I am willing that an order shall be made for the
printing, if necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is to be printed, it is
all I ask.
