584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 2,
ernor Robinson, dated on the 7th December, to
the Topeka Legislature, now assembled at Law-
rence, contains an open defiance of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. The Governor
says: " The convention which framed the con*
stitution at Topeka, originated with the people of
Kansas Territory. They.have adopted and rati-
fied the same twice by a.direct vote, and also in-
directly Arough two elections of State officers and
members of the State Legislature. Yet it has
pleased the Administration to regard, the whole
proceeding revolutionary."
This Topeka government, adhered to with such
treasonable pertinacity, is a government in direct
opposition to the existing government prescribed
and recognized by Congress.
It is a usurpation of the same character as it
would be for a portion of the people of any State
of the Union to undertake to establish a separate
government, within its limits, for the purpose of
redressing any grievance, real or imaginary, of
. which they mightcomplain,against the legitimate
State government.
Sufcn a principle, if carried into execution,
would destroy all lawful authority, and produce
universal anarchy.
From this statement of facts the reason becomes
palpable why the enemies of the government,
authorized by Congress, have refused to vote for
delegates to the Kansas constitutional'convention,
and also, afterwards, on the question of slavery,
submitted by it to the people. It is because they
have ever refused to sanction or recognize any
other constitution than that framed at Topeka.
Had the whole Lecompton constitution been sub-
mitted to the people, the adherents of this organ-
ization would doubtless have voted against it, be-
cause, if successful,they would thus have removed
an obstacle 3ut of the way of their own revolu-
tionary constitution. They would have done this,
notuponaconsideration ofthe merits ofthc whole,
or any part of the Lecompton constitution, but
simply because they have ever resisted the author-
ity of the Government authorized by Congress,
from which it emanated.
Such being the unfortunate condition of affairs
in the Territory, what was the right, as well as
the duty, of the law-abiding people? Were th<*y
silently and patiently to submit to the Topeka
usurpation, or adopt the necessary measures to
establish a constitution under the authonty of the
organic law of Congress ?
That tins law recognized the right of the people
of the Territory, without any enabling act' from
Congress, to form a Slate constitution, 13 too clear
for argument. For Congress " to leave the people
of the Territory perfectly free," in framing their
constitution, " to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States," and then to
say that they shall not be permitted to proceed
and frame a constitution in their own way with-
out an express authority from Congress, appears
to be almost a contradiction in terms. It would
be much more plausible to contend that Congiess
bad no power to pass such an enabling act, than
to argue that the people of a Territory might be
kept out of the Union for an indefinite period, and
until it might please Congress to permit them to
exercise the right of self-government. This would
be to adopt, not44 their own way," but the way
which Congress might prescribe.
It is impossible that any people could have
proceeded with more regularity in the formation
of a constitution, than the people of Kansas have
done. It was necessary first to ascertain whether
it was the desire of the people to be relieved ftom
their territorial dependence, and establish a State
government. For this purpose the Territoiial
Legislature, m 3S55, pcu-sed a law i( for taking
the sense of the people of this Temrory upon the
expediency of calling a convention to form a
State constitution," at the general election to be
held in Octobcr, 1856. The " sense of the peo-
ple" was accordingly taken, and they decided in
favor of a convention. It is true, that at this elec-
tion the enemies of the territorial government did
not vote, because they were then engaged at To-
peka, without the slightest pretext of law ful au-
liioriiy, in framing a constitution of thtirown,
tV>r the purpose of subverting the territorial gov-
ernment.
In pursuance of this decision of tfU people in
favor of a convention, the Territorial Legisla-
ture, on the 27th day of February, 1857, passed
an act for the election of delegates, on the third
Monday cf J uiie. 1857, to frame a State consti-
tution. This law is as fair in its provisions as
any that ever passed a legislative body for a sim-
ilar purpose. The right of suffrage at this elec-
tion is clearly and justly defined. "Every bona
fide inhabitant of the Territory of Kansas" on the
third Monday of June, the day of the election,
who was a citizen of the United States, above the
age of twenty-one, and had resided therein for
three months previous to that date, was entitled
to vote. In order to avoid all interference from
neighboring States or Territories with the free-
dom and fairness of the election, provision was
made for the registry of the qualified vo,ters; and
in pursuance thereof,nine thousand two hundred
and fifty-one voters were registered. Governor
Walker didhiswhole duty in urging all the quali-
fied citizens of Kansas to vote at this election. In
his inaugural address on the 27th of May last, he
informed them that " under our practice the pre-
liminary act of framing a State constitution is uni-
formly performed through the instrumentality of
a convention of delegates chosen by the people
themselves. That convention is now about to be
elected by you, under the call of the Territorial
Legislature, created and still recognized by the
authority of Congress, and clothed by it, in the
comprehensive language of the organic law, with
full power to make such an enactment. The Ter-
ritorial Legislature, then, in assembling this con-
vention, were fully sustained by the act of Con-
gress; and the authority of the convention is dis-
tinctly recognized in my instructions from the
President of the United States."
The Governor, also, clearly and distinctly warns
them what would be the consequences if they
should not participate in the election. " The peo-
ple of Kansas, then, (he says,) are invited by the
highest authority known to the Constitution to
participate freely and fairly in the election of del-
egates to frame a constitution and State govern-
ment. The law has performed its entire appro-
priate function when it extends to the people the
right of suffrage; but it cannot compel the per-
formance of that duty. Throughout our whole
Union, however, and wherever free government
prevails, those who abstain from the exercise of
the right of suffrage, authorize those who do vote
to act for them in that contingency; and the ab-
senteesareasmuch bound, under the law and con-
stitution, where there is no fraud or violence, by
the act of the majority of those who do vote, as
ifall had participated in the election. Otherwise,
as voting must be voluntary, self-government
would be impracticable, and monarchy or despot-
ism would remain as the only alternative."
It may, also, be observed, that at this period
any hope, if such had existed, that the Topeka
constitution would ever be recognized by Con-
gress, must have b^en abandoned. Congress had
adjourned on the 3d of March previous, having
recogmzed the legal existence of the Territorial
Legislature in a variety of forms, which I need
not enumerate. Indeed, the Delegate elected to
the House of Representatives, under a territorial
law, had been admitted to his seat, and had just
completed his term of service on the day previous
to my inauguration.
This was the propitious moment for settling all
difficulties in Kansas. This was the time for
abandoning the revolutionary Topeka organiza-
tion, and for the enemies of the existing govern-
ment to conform to the laws, and to unite with its
fiiends in framing a State constitution. But this
they refused to do; and the consequences of their
refusal to submit to lawful authority and vote at
the election of delegates may yet prove to be of a
. mostdeplorable character, w ould that the respect
for the laws of the land which so eminently dis-
tinguished the men of the past generation couid
be revived ! It is a disregard and violation of law
which have for years kept the Territory of Kansas
in a state of almost open rebellion against its gov-
ernment. It is the same spirit which has produced
actual rebellion in Utah. Should a general spirit
against its enforcement prevail, this will prove
. fatal rousasanation. We acknowledge no master
| but the law; and should we cut loose from its re-
j struints, end every one do what seemoth good in
'his own our case "will indeed be hopeless.
! The enemies of the territorial government de-
: tenmncd still to resist the authority of Congress.
They refused to vote for delegates to the conven-
tion; not because, from circumstances which I
need not detail, there was an omission to register
the comparatively few voters who were inhab-
itants of certain counties of Kansas in the eaily
spring of 1857; but because they had predeterm-
ined, at all hazards, to adhere to their revolutionary
organization, and defeat the establishment of any
other constitution than that which they had framed
at Topeka. The election was, therefore, suffered
to pass by default; but of this result the qualified
electors, who refused to vote, can never justly
complain.
From this review it is manifest that the Le-
compton convention, according to every principle
of constitutional law, was legally constituted, and
was invested with power to frame a constitution.
The sacred principle of popular sovereignty has
been invoked in favor of the enemies of law and
order in Kansas. But in what manner is popular
sovereignty to be exercised in this country, if not
through the instrumentality of established law*
In certain small republics of ancient times, the
people did assemble in primary meetings, passed
laws, and directed public affairs. In our country
this is manifestly impossible. Popular sover-
eignty can be exercised here only through the
ballot-box; and if the people will refuse to exer-
cise it in this manner, as they have done in Kan-
sas at the election of delegates, it is not for them
to complain that their rights have been violated.
The Kansas convention, thus lawfully (insti-
tuted, proceeded to frame a constitution; and
having completed their work, finally adjourned
on the 7th day of November last. They did not
think proper to submit the whole of this consti-
tution to a popular vote; but they did submit the
question whether Kansas should be a free or a
slave State to the people. This was the question
which had convulsed the Union and shaken it to
its very center. This was the question which
had lighted up the flames of civil war in Kansas,
and had produced dangerous sectional parties
throughout the Confederacy. It was of a char-
acter so paramount in respect to the condition of
Kansas, as to rivet the anxious attention of the
people of the whole country upon it, and it alone.
No person thought of any other question. For
my own part, when I instructed Governor Walker
in general terms in favor of submitting the consti-
tution to the people, I had no object in view ex-
cept the all-absorbing question of slavery, in
what manner the people of Kansas might regu-
late their other concerns, was not a subject which
attracted any attention. In fact, the general
provisions of our recent State constitutions, after
an experience of eighty years, are so similar and
so excellent, that it would be difficult to go far
wrong at the present day in framing a new con-
stitution.
I then believed, and still believe, that under the
organic act the Kansas convention were bound
j! to submit this all-important question of slavery to
j| the people. It was never, however, my opinion
| that, independently of this act, they would have
j been bound to submit any portion of the constitu-
[ tion to a popular vote in order to give it validity.
I Had I entertained such an opinion, this would
j have been in opposition to many precedents in
: our history, commencing in the very best a<re of
; the Republic. It would have been in opposition
I to the principle which pervades our institutions,
j and which is every day carried out into practice,
I that the people have the right to delegate to repre-
| sentatives, chosen by themselves, their sovereign
; power to frame constitutions, enact laws, and per-
! form many other important acts, without requiring
; that these should be subjected to their subsequent
approbation. Itwouldbea most inconvenient lim-
! itauon of their own power imposed by the people
j upon themselves, to exclude them from exercising
; their sovereignty in any lawful manner they think
proper. It is true that the people of Kansas
might, if they had pleased, have required the con-
vention to submit the constitution to a popular
vote; but this they have not done. The only rem-
j edy, therefore, in this case, is that which exists
| in all other similar cases. If the delegates who
I framed the Kansas constitution have in any man-
1 ner violated the will of their constituents, the
| people always possess the power to change their
! constitution or their laws according to their own
' pleasure.
The question of slavery was submitted to an
