1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
small arms, and of percussion locks and wafer
primers for canpon.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill. I think
there has been a large compensation made in that
case.
ANTHONY S. ROBINSON.
The next was the bill (S. No. 158) for the
relief of Anthony S. Robinson, heir and legal
representative of John Hamilton Robinson, de-
It-proposes to pay for services rendered by
John Hamilton Robinson to the Republic of
Mexico, the sum of $16,956, which is to be taken
out of the residue of the three and one quarter
millions of dollars mentioned in the fifteenth ar-
ticle of the treaty between the United States of
America and the Republic of Mexico, concluded
at Gaudalupe Hidalgo the 2J day of February,
1848.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill.
MRS. ELIZA A. MERCHANT.
The bill (S. No. 163) for the relief of Mrs.
Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the late First L u
tenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant,
of the United States Army, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It will be a direction to the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Eliza A. Merchant
on the pension list at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence September 4,1856, and con-
tinue during her life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report in that case.
The Clerk read the following report, made by
Mr. Foster, on the 23d of February last:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referied the
petition of Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of Brevet Cap-
tain Charles G. Merchant, praying Congress to grant her a
pension, beg leave to report:
That petitioner, on bohalt of herself and child, claim* a
pension for the reason that hoi husband, the l.ito First Lieu-
tenant andBrevetCaptam Ghailes G. Merchant, died in the
military service of the United States, at Puscagoula., Missis-
sippi,on the 4th of September, 1855. Petuionei allege* that
her husband, Lieutenant Merchant, giaduamd at the Hinted
States Military Academy at West Point on the 30th day of
June, 1843, and was promoted to brevet second lieutenant
in the eighth regiment United Status infantry, July 1,1813;
that he served during the war witii tiie Mexican Republic,
and was breveted first lieutenant September 8,1817, lor gal-
lant ami meritorious conduct at the battle of Mohno del Key,
and brevet captain September i3, 1817, for gallantaud mer-
itorious conduct at the battle of Ohapultepec ; and, on Ins
return from Mexico, he was ordered to Texas, and, m an
affair with Indians, May 2v), 1850, was  evert ly wounded,
from which he never fully reeoveied; in April, 1855, he wa h
ordered to East Pascagoula, Mississippi. The testimony of
J. J. B. Wright, surgeon United States Aimy, and John l'\
Randolph, who was acting assistant surgeon United States
Army, both strongly coiroborate the statement of petitioner
that the woutid alluded to was the cause of his death. Tim
Commissions of Pensions, in a lettei t.o this counmitee,
dated Januarys, 1857, says: " If the com nut tee are of opin-
ion, from the medical testimony, that Ins death was has-
tened by the wouud, the claim of the widow to a pension
would seem to be as meritorious as tome others which have
been allowed bv special act." It h also disclosed by the
Commissionerol'Pensions that Ohailes G.Merchant wa-.a
firi>t lieutenant at the time of hit> death. The committee,
after a careful examination of the testimony, are of opinion
that the death of Lieutenant Chailes (J. Mrichant was has-
tened by a wound received in a battle with Indians, May
20,1850, and the application oI'Mn Hliza A. Meiehunt, his
widow, is worthv the favorable con-ideiation ot Congie->s,
and report the accompanying bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeted to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN W. M'CRABB.
The bill (S. No. 164) to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts of the late Captain John
VV. McCrabb was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the accounting officers of
the Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts of
the late Captain John "W. McCrabb, assistant quar-
termaster of the United States Army, to aiiow and
credit his charges for the disbursement of special
appropriations during the years 1836, 1837, and
1838, and the first quarter of 1839, to the amount
of $5,293 96; and to ]$g|r the balance which (after
the allowance) shall be found due, if any, to Mrs.
Jane M. McCrabb, his widow.
In his account, rendered to the Department
shortly before his death, which occurred in No-
vember, 1839, Captain McCrabb charged for the
disbursement of $215,259 67, at two and a half
per cent., amounting' to $f>>3dl 10, accompanied
with the following statement; "Though I have
charged a percentage on my disbursements out of
the appropriations for suppressing and prevent-
ing Indian hostilities, from a deep conviction that
it is a just and equitable claim, and should be al-
lowed, as a just recompense for the extraordinary
and unusual risks and responsibilities I had to
encounter in making the said disbursements, I
have retained no portion thereof." The charge
was disallowed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury; and the object of the petition of Mrs.
McCrabb is, that Congress may allow the claim,
and authorize a credit to be given to her late hus-
band, or to her, as administratrix, on the books
of the Treasury Department.
It appears from a letter from the quartermaster
general's department, to Hon. RtchardBrodhead,
chairman of the Senate Committee on Claims
during the last Congress, dated January 16, 3855,
that the whole amount of moneys disbursed by
Captain McCrabb, in Alabama and Florida, dur-
ing the years 1836, 1837, 1838, and 1839, out of
the appropriation for preventing and suppressing
Indian hostilities in Florida, was $234,299 85; of
which was disbursed, during the third and fourth
quarters of 1839, $22,541 40. The act approved
March 3, 1839, prohibited the receipt by any offi-
cers having a salary of any extra allowance or
compensation for disbursing public money, or the
performance of any other service, unless the extra
allowance or compensation wasauthorized bylaw.
This act prohibits the allowance of any extra
charge to Captain McCrabb upon the sum of
$22,541 40 disbursed after its enactment. The
remainder of his disbursements-was made in 1836,
1837, 1838, and the first quarter of 1839, and
amounted to $211,758 45. Upon this sum, in the
opinion of the committee, Captain McCrabb is
justly and equitably entitled to a commission of
two and a half per cent. It is clear that the dis-
bursing of the special appropriation was no part
of his official duty as assistant quartennnsfr-r, and
was imposed upon him, as appears by the letter
of General Jcsup, of December 15, 1^53, by the
sudden and preasmgemergency of the public ser-
vice, growing out of the Creek and Seminole wars,
and the contracted force in the quartermaster's
department. The disbursements were made under
cucumstances which subjected Captain McCrabb
to great anxiety and risk of loss, and he could
hardly have disbursed so large a sum, under the
difficult ciicumstances by which he was surround-
ed, without considerable loss. Under this state
of facts, the committee think he is justly entitled
to extra compensation. If he had not disbursed
these sums, the Government would have been com-
pelled to employ a special agent for that purpose,
at an expense not less than the amount claimed
by Captain McCrabb.
The question of the equitable liability of the
Government, under such circumstances, to pay
extra compensation, has been npeatediy odjudi- !■
cated by the Supreme Com t of the United States, j!
and in every case that court has allowed such jj
extra compensation to be plead by way of a set- i(
; off against the Government, in a suit against the !
] officer. (See McDaniel's case, 7 Peters, 1; Rip- |:
■I ley's case, 7 Peteis, 18; and Fillebrown\s, 7 Pe-
j ters, 2tf.)
;! The bill was reported to the Senate without ;
; amendment, ordered to !>e engrossed for a third ji
reading, read the third time, and parsed. jj
ELEAZER WILLIAMS. I:
The bill (R. No. 166) for the relief of F.lenzer j,
Williams, was read a second time, and considered ''
as in Committee of the Whole. •!
It proposes to nilow to Eleazer Williams $4,000, ;
in full for his claim ari sing under the ninth article
ol" the treaty with the Six Nations of New York
Indians, January 15, 1838.
In this case the memonalist claims pay for ser-
vices tendered by htm to the United States, m
procuring lauds from the Menomonee and Win-
nebago Indians, in r he then Territory of Wiscon-
sin, for the use of the New York and St. R'-gis
tribes. These S' n*ic'S wore rendered at various
tnnc-s fmni 1819 to J83*2, and resulted in the ti ertt-
iea of 1827, 1KJ1, and 1832, between the United
States and the tubes. The history of embassies
sent by the New Yoik Indians to the Green Day
country, in Wisconsin, and of the negotiations at
Butte des Mort, u\ 18:27, and of those leading to
the treaties with the Mcnomonces and Wznneba-
goes iti id3I-32, extending from 1829 to the uili- ;
ficaiion of the treaty of Octobcr, 1832, with the -
Menomonees, contains evidence of the connection
of Mr. Williams with the interests and ttausac-
tions of the New York tribes. He was reputed
to be a half-breed of the Sf. Regis tribe, and was
sent by them, and recognized as their agent, and
as such signed various articles, treaties, and me-
morials. In a letter to the Hon. John H. Eaton,
then Secretary of War, dated December 5,1830,
General Cass, in recommending Mr. Williams as
a sub-agent at.Fox river, says: <( He rendered
essential service to the United States during the
late war, in which he was actively engaged and
badly wounded, the effect of which will probably
continue during life. I understand that he enjoyed
the confidence of one of our highest and most dis-
tinguished officers, and bravely led a heavy column
in the battle of Plattsburg. lie is a gentleman of
education and talents, and from his position and
associations can render important services to the
Government and the Indians."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OTWAY FX. BERRYMAN.
The bill (S. No. 171) for the relief of Otway
H. Berryman was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to allow to O. H. Berryman the
sum of £.2,160 02, being the amount of losses sus-
tained by him while commanding and acting as
purser of the United States schooner On-ka-hy-e,
Willi a proviso that this stjm shall not exceed the
amount which a purser would have received for
performing the same duties.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the report
in tins case, to see on what grounds this claim is
based.
The Clerk read the following report made by
Mr. Mallouy, on the 1st of March last:
Th" Cnmmw'H! on Naval AO.urs. to whom was referred
the memoi ial ot < Uvvay If Hoi tyman, praying to be allowed
tie: amount of money pan! bv Sum m the adjustment of Iin
accounted puisei, have had tiic&ame under consideration,
ami itpoif:
That the cp omuls relied npon by Lieutenant Berryman
aie Hub->taim.".iiy tho->o which induced Congress to grant
lelief to Lieutenant Charles G. Hunter, at the present sca-
&iun, and j otu committee cannot distinguish between the to.
Lieutenant Berryman assumed the command of the Uni-
ted States schooner On-ka-hy-e in October, 1846, under an
cider fiom the Navv Department, dated the 2Uth October,
18411, and he immediately enteied upon special duty, and
pet formed active and arduous service in the Gulf of Mexico,
to Biavul and Ghagies, during twenty-two months, winch
\va-< terminated by the total shipwreck of the ve*&el on a
sunken leet, m July, l?4t<.
With in-; command he was ordered to perform the duties
of pmsei to the \ess.el, and these duties he peifumed
throughout the whole pcuod of his command.
No adjustment of hi?. accounts took place until his leturri
to the ('inted States, when it was found that he had actually
expended a-> pmser moie money, by $2.3io, than he could
piodwe the lequuite voueheis foi Tins sum he paid to
the Government, and ins accounts were balanced aecoid-
ingly.
The memorialist alleges that be has diligently and faith-
fully kept and di-bursed the means intrusted to him as pm-
sei, to pay the lawful liabilities of the Government, and th it
the omission to take and letmn the propei vouchers for u'}
hw expendiUues w.t-. alone the result of Ins ignoiance of
ami Ins want of piaeuce m the duties of purser.
The meinoiiaiist ha*. a lamiiv to s-uppoit, dependent upon
him. Hi: had a nmall landed e-tate, which he sold to p ;
his deficiency, and himself and family have thereby bucom •
subjected to great pecuniary eiribaria^sment.
Your committee, tiom an examination of the raernonal
and its accompanying papers,and fiom inqutueas als-oat the
Navy Dep.utment, ate sau-fied that the memonalist, who-e
chaiacter and standing as an olhcer and a man mo me
proachable, did taithfully dic-bui  e the means intrusted to
him in the p:i> mem of the piopei liabilities of the Govern-
ment; and that hi> ignorance of his account-, and ot the im-
portance of eaiefullv pte^etvmgvoucheis toi everv expend-
ltme, wis d'U' to his sjeiu'ial want of famihanty with the
dutus of his meidcntal pn-t of pm-ei. lie icceived no com-
peiiMtum h>t the p i/otma.iee o^ibe.-.e duties, noi could he
receive any l«/jfallv. Ih«, deficient y i> the ie>uStof no nns-
apphe ttion ot the means of the Government, of no want of
due eaie and diligence in guaidmg and pieservmg them.
The Government has had the benefit ot the expenditure.
The amount of ihibmsement-. by memorialist pui.^er,
dunng tne period referred to. toi which he obtained eiedit
at the Derailment, weie £-2L951.30.
Voui eommutee deem it a piopei case for relief, and re-
poi t a bill aec uidingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COURSE OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. STUART. I am not satisfied with the
manner in which we arc proceeding, and I hope
the Senate will agree to leconsider the order that
was made, and let us go back to the commence-
ment of the Calendar, and proceed with the cases
