582
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be
paid to the Post Office Department, out of the
appropriation of three hundred and forty-six thou-
sand five hundred dollars granted by tne first sec*
tion of the act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, " for transportation of the mails
from New York to Liverpool, and ba<?k,'> the
sum of sixteen thousand seven hundred a d fifty-
seven dollars and seventy cents, for five outward
trips from New York to Liverpool, to wit: on
fourteenth February and eleventh April, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, and thirteenth February,
thirteenth March, and tenth April, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, when the Coliins line failed
to perform service; and that the further sum of
thirty-five thousand dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, by paid to the Post Office
Department, out of the appropriation aforesaid,
to enable the Postmaster General to procure the
transportation of the mails from New York to
Liverpool, and back, on the twenty-fourth April,
the eighth and twenty-second May, and the fifth
and nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, if the Collins line should fail to perform
service on those days.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, out of any money
in the Treasury arising from the revenues of said
Department, in conformity to the act of the second
of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails from New York,
by Southampton or Cowes, to Havre, two hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars.
For transpoi tation of the mails between Charles-
ton and Iiavana, fifty thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails across the Isth-
mus of Panama, one hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That it shall
not be be lawful for the Postmaster General to
make any steamship or other new contract for
carrying the mails on the sea for a longer period
than two years, nor for any other compensation
than the sea and inland postages on the mails so
transported.
Sec. 5. And be it, further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized,
to cause the mails to be transported between the
United States and any foreign port or ports, by
steamship, allowing and paying therefor out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, if by an American vessel, the sea and
United States inland postage, and if by a foreign
vessel, the sea postage only, on the mails so con-
veyed: Provided, That the preference shall always
be given to an American over a foreign steamship
when departing from the same port for the same
destination, within three days of each other.
Apvrovf.p, June 14, 1858.
the Register, and sealed with the seal of the Treas-
ury Department, for the amount so borrowed, in
favor of the parties lending the same, or their as-
signs: Provided, That no certificate shall be issued
for a less sum than one thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, before
awarding said loan, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause to be inserted in two of the public
newspapers of the city of Washington, and in one
or more public newspapers in other cities of the
United States, public notice that sealed proposals
for such loan will be received until a certain day
to be specified in such notice, not less than thirty
days from its first insertion in a Washington
newspaper; and such notice shall state the amount
of the loan, at what periods the money shall be
paid; if by installments, and at what places. Such
sealed proposals shall be opened on the day ap-
pointed in the notice, in the presence of such per-
sons as may choose to attend, and the proposals
decided on by the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall accept the most favorable proposals offered
by responsible bidders for said stock. And the
said Secretary shall report to Congress, at the
commencement of the next session, .the amount
of money borrowed under this act, and of whom,
and on what terms, it shall have been obtained;
with an abstract or brief statement of all tho pro-
posals submitted for the same, distinguished be-
tween those accepted and those rejected, with a
detailed statement of the expense of making such
loans: Provided, That no stock shall be disposed
of at less than its par value.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the faith
of the United States ishereby pledged for the due
payment of the inteiest and the redemption of the
principal of said stock.
Sec. 5. And be it fin ther enacted, That, to defray
the expense of engraving and printing certificates
of such stock, and other expenses incident to the
execution of this act, the sum of five thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated: Provided, That no
compensation shall be allowed for any service
performed under this act to any officer whose sal-
ary is established by law.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Ciiap. CLXV.—An Act to authorize a Loan not
exceeding the Sum of Twenty Millions of Dol-
lars.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives nf the United States of America m Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, authorized, at any time within
twelve months from the passage of this act, to
borrow, on the credit of the United States, a sum
not exceeding twenty millions of dollars, or so
much thereof as, in his opinion, the exigencies of
the public service may require; to be applied to
the payment of appropriations made by law, in
addition to the money received, or which may be
received, into the Treasury from other sources:
Provided, That no stipulation or contract shall be
made to prevent the United States from reimburs-
ing any sum borrowed under the authority of
this act at any time after the expiration of fifteen
years from the first day of January next.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That stock
shall be issued for the amount so borrowed, bear-
ing interest not exceeding five per centum per an-
num, payable semi-annually, with coupons for
the semi-annual interest attached to the certifi-
cates of stock thus created, and the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized, with
the consent of the President, to cause certificates
of stock to be prepared, which shall be signed by
Ciiap. CLXVf.—An Act in Relation to Courts,
and the holding of the Terms thereof, in the
Kcvcr&l Territories in the United States.
fie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the judges of the supreme court
of each Temtory of the United States are hereby
authorized to hold court within their respective
districts, in the counties wherein, by the laws of
said Territories, courts have been or may be es-
tablished, for the purpose of hearing and determ-
ining all matters and causes, except those in which
the United States is a party: Piovided, That the
expenses thereof shall be paid by the Teintory,
or by the counties in winch said courts may be
held, and tho United States shall in no case be
chargeable therewith.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilnme of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, out of any moneys in the Treasury arising
from the revenues of the said Department, in con-
formity to the act of the second of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, (inland,) ten
millions one hundred and forty thousand five hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, two millions
three hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twenty
thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, fifty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For office furniture in the post offices, five thou-
sand dollars.
For advertising, eighty-five thousand dollars.
For mail-bags, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For blanks, and paper for the same, one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For mail-locks, keys, and stamps, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sev-
enty thousand dollars.
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, eight
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred and
eighty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if the
revenues of the Post Office Department shall be
insufficient to meet the appropriations of this act,
then the sum of three millions five hundred thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropria-
ted, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies
in the revenue of the Post Office Department for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution to amend the Act en-
titled " An Act to regulate the Compensation
of Members of Congress," approved August
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the compensation allowed to
members of Corigress by an act entitled "An
act to regulate the compensation of members of
Congress," approved August sixteenth,eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, be paid in the following
manner, to wit: on the first day of the first ses-
sion of cach Congress, or as soon thereafter as
he may be in attendance and apply, each Sen-
ator, Representative, and Delegate shall receive
his mileage, as now provided bylaw, and all his
compensation from the beginning of his term, to
be computed at the rate of two hundred and fifty
dollars per month, and during the session com-
pensation at the same rate. And on the first day
of the second or any subsequent session, he shall
receive his mileage as now allowed by law, and
all compensation which has accrued during the
adjournment, at the rate aforesaid, and during
said session compensation at the same rate.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, That so much
of said act, approved August sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, as conflicts with this joint
resolution, and postpones the payment of said
compensation until the close of each session, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, December 23, 1857.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution making an Appropria-
tion for the payment of Expenses of Investi-
gating Committees of the House of Represent-
atives.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent'
at ices of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of thirty-five thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of expenses of the
several investigating committees of the House of
Representatives during the present session, and
that the same shall be added to the miscellaneous
item of the contingent fund of said House.
Approved, February 18, 1858.
No. 3.—A Resolution to extend and define the
Authority of the President under the Act ap-
proved January sixteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, entitled " An Act to amend an Act
entitled ' An Act to Promote the Efficiency of
the Navy,5 " in respect to dropped and retired
Naval Officers.
Resolved bu the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Co7igress
assembled, That in ease where the records of the
courts of inquiry, appointed under the act of
January sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
