1358.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
election of the people of Kansas, on the 21st De-
cember last, in obedience to the mandate of the
constitution. Here again a fair opportunity was
presented to the adherents of the Topeka consti-
tution, if they were the majority, to decide this
exciting question " in their own way," and thus
restore peace to the distractedTerritory; but they
again refused to exercise their right of popular
sovereignty, and again suffered the election to
pass by default.
I heartily rejoice that a. wiser and better spirit
prevailed among a laige majority of these people
on the first Monda/ of January; and that they
did, on that day, vote under the Lecompton con-
stitution for a Governor and other State officers,
a member of Congress, and for members of the
Legislature. This election was warmly contested
by the parties, and a larger vote was polled than
at any.previous election in the Territory. We
may now reasonably hope that the revolutionary
Topeka organization will be speedily and finally 1
abandoned; and this will go far towards the final
settlement of the unhappy differences m Kansas.
If frauds have been committed at this election,
either by one or both parties, the Legislature and
the people of Kansas, under their constitution,
will know how to redress themselves, and punish
these detestable, but too common crimes, without
anv outside interference.
The people of Kansas have, then, "in their own
way," and in strict accordance with the organic
act, framed a constitution and State government;
have submitted the all-important question of sla-
very to the people, and have elected a Governor,
a member to represent them in Congress, mem-
bers of the State Legislature, and other State offi-
cers. They now ask admission into the Union
under this constitution, which is republican in its
form. It is for Congress to decide whether they
will admit or reject the State which has thus been
created. For my own part, I am decidedly in fa-
vor of its admission, and thus terminating the
Kansas question. This will carry out the great
principle of non-intervention recognized and sanc-
tioned by the organic act, which declares, in ex-
press language, in favor of " non-intervention by
Congress with slavery in the States or Territo-
ries," leaving " the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate theirdomesticinstitutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States." In this manner, by local-
izing the question of slavery, and oonfining it to
the people whom it immediately concerned, every
patriot anxiously expected that this question
would be banished from the Halls of Congress,
where it has always exerted a baleful influence
throughout the whole country.
It is proper that I should briefly refer to the
election held, under an act of the Territorial Le-
gislature, on the first Monday of January last, on
the Lecompton constitution. This election was
held after the Territory had been prepared for ad-
mission into the Union as a sovereign State, and
when no authority existed in the Territorial Le-
gislature which could possibly destroy its exist-
ence, or change its character. The election, which
was peaceably conducted, under my instructions,
involved a strange inconsistency. A large major-
ity of the persons who voted against the Lecomp-
ton constitution were, at the very same time and
place, recognizing its valid existence in the most
solemn and authentic manner, by voting under its
provisions. I have yet received no official inform-
ation of the result of this election.
As a question of expediency, after the right has
been maintained, it may be wise to reflect upon
the benefits to Kansas and to the whole country
which would resultfrom its immediate admission
into the Union, as well as the disasters which may
follow its rejection. Domestic peace will be the
happy consequence of its admission: and that fine
Territory, which has hitherto been torn by dis-
sensions, will rapidly increase in population and
wealth, and speedily realize the blessings and the
comforts which follow in the train of agricultural
and mechanical industry. The people will then
be sovereign, and can regulate their own affairs in
their own way. If a majority of them desire to
abolish domestic slavery within the State, there is
no other possible mode by which this can be effect-
ed so speedily as by prompt admission. The will
of the majority is supreme and irresistible when
expressed in an orderly and lawful manner. They
can moke and unmake constitutions at pleasure.
It would be absurd to say that they can impose
fetters upon their own power which they cannot
afterwards remove. If they could do this they
might tie their own hands for a hundred as well
as for ten years. These are fundamental princi-
ples of American freedom, and are recognized, I
believe, in some form or other by every State con-
stitution; and if Congress, in the act of admission,
should think proper to recognize them, I can per-
ceive no objection to such a course. This has been
done emphatically in the constitution of Kansas.
It declares in the bill of rights that " all political
power is inherent in the people, and all free gov-
ernments are founded on their authority, and in-
stituted for their benefit, and therefore they have
at all times an inalienable and indefeasible right
to alter, reform, or abolish their form of govern-
ment in such manner as they may think proper."
The great State*of New York is at this moment
governed under a constitution framed and estab-
lished in direct opposition to the mode prescribed
by the previous constitution. If, therefore, the
provision changing the Kansas constitution after
the year 1864, could by possibility be construed
into a prohibition to make a change previous to
that period, this prohibition would be wholly un-
availing. The Legislature already elected may,
at its very first session, submit the question to a
vote of the people whether they will or will not
have a convention to amend their constitution and
adopt all necessary means for giving effect to the
popular will.
It has been solemnly adjudged, by the highest
judicial tribunal known to our laws, that slavery
exists in Kansas by virtue of the Constitution of
the United States. Kansas is therefore, at this
moment, as much a slave State as Georgia or
South Carolina. Without this, the equality of
the sovereign States composing the Union would
be violated, and the use and enjoyment of a Ter-
ritory acquired by the common treasure of all the
States,would be closed agamstthe people and the
property of nearly half the members of the Con-
federacy. Slavery can, therefore, never be pro-
hibited m Kansas, except by means of a consti-
tutional provision, and in no other manner can
this be obtained so promptly, if a majority of the
people desire it, as by admitting it into the Union
under its present constitution.
On the other hand, should Congress reject the
constitution, under the idea of affording the dis-
affected in Kansas a third opportunity of prohib-
iting slavery in the State, which they might have
done twice before if in the majority, no man can
foretell the consequences. If Congiess, for the
sake of these men who refused to vote for dele-
gates to the convention, when they might have
excluded slavery fiom the constitution, and who
afterwards refused to vote on the 21st December
last, when they might, as they claim, have stricken
slavery from the constitution, should now reject
the State, because slavery remains in the consti-
tution, it is manifest that the agitation upon this
dangerous subject will be renewed in a more alarm-
ing form than it has ever yet assumed.
Every patriot in the country had indulged the
hope that the Kansas and Nebraska act would
put a final end to the slavery agitation, at least in
Congress, which had for more than twenty years
convulsed the country and endangered the Union.
This act involved great and fundamental princi-
ples, and, if fairly carried into effect, will settle
the question. Should the agitation be again re-
vived—should the people of the sister States be
again estranged from each other with more than
their former bitterness—this will arise from a
cause, so far as the interests of Kansas are con-
1 cerned, more trifling and insignificant than has
I ever stirred the elements of a great people into
commotion. To the people of Kansas the only
practical difference between admission or rejec-
tion depends simply upon the fact, whether they
can themselves more speedily change the present
constitution, if it does not accord with the will of
the majority, or frame a second constitution to be
submitted to Congress hereafter. Even if this
were a question of mere expediency, and not of
right, the small difference of time, oneway or the
other, is of not the least importance, when con-
trasted with the evils which must necessarily re-
sult to the whole country from a revival of the
slavery agitation.
In considering this question, itshould never be
!, forgotten that—in proportion to its insignificance,
let the decision be what it may, so far as it may
affect the few thousand inhabitants of Kfinsaswtio
have, from the beginning, resisted the constitu-
tion and the laws—for this very reason the rejec-'
tion of the constitution will be so much the more
keenly felt by the people of fourteen of the Slates
of this Union where slavery is recognized under
the Constitution of the United States.
Again, the speedy admission of Kansas into the
Union would restore peace and quiet to the whole
country. Already the affairs of this Territory
have engrossed an undue_proportion of public at-
tention. They have sadly affected the friendly
relations of the people of the States with each
other, and alarmed the fears of patriots for the
safety of the Union. Kansas once admitted into
the Union, the excitement becomes localized s and
will soon die away for want of outside aliment.
Then every difficulty will be settled at the ballot-
box.
Besides, and this is no trifling consideration,
I shall then be enabled to withdraw the troops of
the United States from Kansas, and employ them
on branches of service where they are much
needed. They have been kept there on the earn-
est importunity of Governor Walker, to Alain-
tain the existence of the territorial government,
and secure the execution of the laws. He con-
sidered that at least two thousand regular troops,
under the command of General Harney, were ne-
cessary for this purpose. Acting upon his reli-
able information, I have been obliged, in some
degree, to interfere with the expedition to Utah,
in order to keep down rebellion in Kansas. This
has involved a very heavy expense' to the Gov-
ernment. Kansas once admitted, it is believed
there will no longer be any occasion there for
troops of the United States.
I have thus performed my duty on this import-
ant question, under a deep sense of my respons-
ibility to God and my country. My public life
will terminate within a brief period; and I have
no other object of earthly ambition than to leave
my country in a peaceful and prosperous condi-
tion, and to live in the affections and respect of
my countrymen. The dark and ominous clouds
which now appear to be impending over the Union.
I conscientiously believe may be dissipated with
honor to every portion of it, by the admission of
Kansas during the present session of Congress;
whereas, if she should be rejected, I greatly fear
these clouds will become darker and more omin-
ous than any which have ever yet threatened tho
Constitution and the Union.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 2, 1858.
" Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the message be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed. As it is late,
however, and 1 presume no member wishes to dis-
cuss tho message to-day, I will, if no one wishes
to speak, move that the House adjourn.
Several Members. Withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will yield
me the floor, I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Indiana to allow me the floor for a
moment to submit a motion which will be in or-
der. The House will then have the two motions
before them, and can choose between them.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to state the nature of his motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will send it up to
the Chair. It is in the form of a resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not yield the floor to the
gentleman to submit a resolution, unless he will
first inform me of its nature.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana, if he does not wish to discuss this mat-
ter now, to allow some other gentleman the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. I am ready to go on now, if
the House does not wish to adjourn.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to inquire whether the
gentleman from Indiana yielded the floor for -.jthe
motion to adjourn ? *•
Mr. HUGHES. I did yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. JONES, ofTennes
I wish to inquirs;,
