]8f>8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
umk-rstamlin^ly. Wo spend nearly half the time |,
in reading at length bills that are objected to; and :
if we require (he reading of the reports, and then ;
object to the bills, we shall get through very few ,
cases. I hope we shall go back. The last case in 1
which 1 had the report read was not a very sat- t
isfactory one, but yet I allowed it to pass.^ I move
to reconsider the order that was made this morn-
>"£• , „ , i
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope we shall not do 1
that. I assure the Senator from Michigan that ,
1 have had the reports before me, and I have
watched the bills as they have come up, and siig- ^
gested objection to every one which I thought im- ' j
proper. He can do tile same. ■
Mr. STUART. I am not so fortunate, lam -
notable to read. The condition of my eyes is
such that I cannot read these reports. I am not
satisfied with the bill which pissed previously to ,i
the last one; I doubt very much whether it is a
proper case; but if we go back, wo shall save i
time. We read a bill; then we read a report; and ;
the chances are, even that after that, the whole
case is objected to, and that time is utterly lost. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Air. Bright i'
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Michigan, to reconsider the vote
directing the order of proceeding with the Private ,
Calendar. j
The motion was not agreed to. :
william d. jmoseleif. i,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. '
No. 17'2) for the relief of William D. Moseley. j
Mr. STUART. I object to it.
Mr.YrjLEE. I am satisfied, if the lull and re-
port are read, there will be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not de-
batable. The Senator from Michigan objects.
Air. YULEE. I presume the Senator does not
intend to object generally and indiscriminately, ,
because it is m defiance of the order   !r
Mr. STUART. I thought I knew what it was. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the bill passing j
ill this way now. I think it requires examination. i
william marvin. jj
The bill (S No. 177) to confirm to William
Marvin title to lands in East Florida, was read a
second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole.
Under its provisions, the grant to Bernardo
Segui of seven thousand aTes of land, lying on
the east side of the St. John's nvei, m East Flor-
ida, between the place cnl'ed Dunn's Lake and
that known as Horse Landing, including the
place called Buffalo Bluff, mode by. Estrada, the
then Governor nf the province of 'fiost Florida, ;
on thfi90tli of Decombcr, 1815, will bo confirmed !
to the  rante0 am! those claiming undor hnmand '
the Commissioner of the General JLund Office will
be dnected to cause the lands described m the ,
grant to bo <5urve\vd to the claimant, without pie-
judico to anv third person. :
Mr. TCIX'G. If there is a report in that case,
I should like to hear it.
Mr. BEN.TA?vi!N. I may perhaps save a lifUe ,
time by slating, in a word, the facts of thi-* ease.
Tins io the ease of a claim for land in Florida. It
was presented before the cornm.s^ionei s5 and rec-
ommended for confirmation, but that report was
not confirmed at the time. Congress afterwards
passed two successive laws roqn-ring hohhns of
claims to present them for confirmation within a
limited time, or they should be forever barred.
It appears by the papeis tiait this land belonged
to minor hen s of the > those minors living
in New York; and their tnio.s pa'd no attention
to the matter. They th, n brought a isuit in Flor-
ida for the confirmation of fnf lands, and recov-
ered ir. the district court m Florida, but on appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States, it was
decided that the d>strict court had nojnrisdiction,
because they had applied too late; the time was
lost by their being minors, lining in New York, ■
and their guardian negleetingtopresenttheir case. ,
The proposition now is to confirm their title, not-
withstanding that neglect. i
Air. KING*. I proposed to have the report
load, to see who was in possession of the land.
If these people have possession, and nobody dis-
pute;: it, would not their title be good withoutan ,
act of Congress ? !
Mr. BKNJAMIN. It will be treated as pub-
lic land if it is not confirmed.
Mr. KING. I do not insist on the reading of
the report.
Mr. STUART. I should like to ask the Sen- |
ator from Louisiana a question—whether this
confirmation interferes at all in its extent with
other claims, so that there will be a resulting claim
against the United States to make up the defi-
ciency ?
Mr BSNJAM1N. That is expressly pre-
cluded in the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
olivier landry.
' The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 80) for'he
relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Olivier Landry, of the State of Louisiana,
i It proposes to confirm the heirs and legal rep-
| resentatives and assigns of Olivier Landry in their
title^o a certain tract of land situated in township
ten south, range five east, in the southwestern dis-
trict of Louisiana, containing two hundred and
thirty acres and eighty-four hundredths of an
acre; but this confirmation is only to be construed
as a lelmijuisiiment of any title that the United
States may have to the lands, and is not to affect
anv title of any third person. |
The bill way reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fur a third 1
reading, read the third time, and passed. J
dit. ica.Ne's expedition. i
The next business on the Calendar was the 1
joint resolution (S. No. 30) authonzing the Sec- |
'rotary of the Navy to pay to the officers and sea- |
men of the expedition 111 search of Dr. Kane the
same rate of pay that was allowed to the officers
and seamen of the expedition under Lieutenant
Do Haven.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that. Let it lie over. •
charner t. scaife.
The bill (S. No. 183) from the Courtof Claims,
for the relief of Chamor T. Scaifo, administrator
of Gilbert Stalker, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow $5,0 io 1G in full for the use
and service of the steamboat James Adams, be- ,
longing to Gilbert Stalker, from the 1st of August, j
1841, to the 0th of July, 184*2. I
In December, 1840, Captain Ogtlen, quarter- i
master United States Army, chartered the steam- ;
boat James Adams, at $2,500 dollais per month.
On the SGth April the boat was discharged. She
was subsequently chartered, at different times, at
$9,000 per month, and at $>,1,800 per month, all tor
service on the Florida coast during the Seminole
war. The amount chargeable on the charter par-
ties was duly paid. The present claim is fur an
additional allowance of §500 per month, from the
1st August, 1841, to Oth July, 18W, founded on
a parol contract between the owner of the boat
and Geneinl Worth, the commanding officer 111
Florida, on the part of the Government. General
Worth states that he has a distinct recollection of
the circumstances, and of his assurance to Mr.
Stalker " that, if he continued the vessel in the
public service, to which the vessel was, at that
■ time, indispensable, he should be paid an amount
equal to his original contract." This promise,
Captain Ogden, assistant quartermaster, says,
" was predicated upon the unusually severe and
destructive service required of the boat." Cap-
, tain Ogden adds: 44 The rapid deterioration of the
steamer, from the unusual service required of it,
the promise of General Worth of an increased
payment on that account, and the fact that Mr.
Stalker would certainly have withdrawn his boat
from the service if he had not expected the in-
crease," &c., renders the payment a matter of
common justice. The Court of Claims decide
that, " as" the service, to procure which the prom-
ise was made, was not required by the charter
! party, it cannot be said that the promise was with-
out consideration. Neither can it be said that the
promise was made without authority, it having
been made by the commanding officer, m the pres-
ence of the quartermaster. It would, no doubt,
have been more regular if theGcnera. had caused
1 a new charter party to be executed; but still, as the
unusual service was performed in consequence 01
the promise, it seems to be proper mat the Gov-
ernment should pay for n."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN ROBB.
The next biil on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 184) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of John Robb, which was read a second time, arid
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to John Robb the sum of $2,876 73 aa
1 a compensation in full for his service as acting Sec-
retary of War in the years 1832 and 1833. The
Committee on Claims reported the bill with an
■ amendment to strike out all after the enacting
j clause and insert:
I That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
1 partment be, and they are heieby, authorized and required
j to account with, and allow to John Robb, late chief clerk
I m the War Department, for the tune he discharged the du-
1 ues oi' acting Secretary of War, by appointment from the
; President of the United States, the same compensation as
! was then allowed by law to the head of the War Depart-
j ment, deducting theiefiom the compensation received by the
| said John Itobb as chief clerk ofwud Department during the
j same time, the same to be paid out of any money in the
j Treasury not otherwise appiopnated.
| The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
; reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend -
j ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
j be engrossed for a third reading; was read the
! third time, and passed.
SAN FRANCISCO HOSPITAL.
: The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole, pro-
1 cecdcd to consider the joint resolution (S. No. 2)
| authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
j and settle the accounts of the contractors for the
j erection of the United States marine hospital at
! San Francisco, California.
| It proposes to direct the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury to settle the accounts upon principles of
equity and justice.
Tho Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment to strike out the words " upon principles of
equity and justice, the accounts of the contractor
f'T \e erection of the United States marine hos-
at San Francisco, California, and to pay to
said contractor, out of any money in the Treas-
ury nototherwiseappropriated, whatever amount
may be found to be justly due to him under the
said contract," and insert:
And adjust the accounts of the contractor for the erec-
tion of tho United States marine hospital at San Francisco,
California, and to pay to said contractor, out of any money
111 the Ti e.i-us y not othei wis-e appropriated, the amount that
iriity be found to be justly due to him under the contracts
made between said contractor and the proper officers of the
Government in reference to said building.
Mr. BENJAMIM. I do not desire to interpose
any objection to the settlement of this contractor's
accounts, but I do not understand the object of
the resolution. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the contractor what is due him
under Ins contract. Why is that necessary?
Mr. IVERSON. 1 will state it in a moment.
There is no appropriation now, and that is the
reason the Secretary cannot pay the money.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This resolution does not
make any appropriation.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes it does.
Mr. BROWN. It appropriates the whole Treas-
ury. Let it lie over.
The resolution was passed over.
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 186) to confirm the title of Benjamin E._ Ed-
wards to a certain tract of land in the Territory
of New Mexico.
Mr. STUART. I object to that.
A. W. MACPHERSON.
The next was the bill (S. No. 187) for the
relief of A. W. Macpherson, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to audit and
settle his accounts for furnishing the district and
circuit court rooms, for the^use of the courts of
the United States, m the city of San Francisco,
allowing him such prices for the articles furnished
as, under all circumstances, shall appear reason-
jl able and just.
!; Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that be passed orer.
Ij EDWARD N. KENT.
I; The bill (S. No. 188) for the relief of Edward
I, N. Kent, was read a second time, and considered
i as in Committee of the Whole.
