2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 2,
mittee as to the recent sale of the military reservation at
Fort Snelling lias failed to exhibit any fact or circumstance
impeach nig the personal or official integrity oS the Secre-
tary of War.
2. Resolved, That the management of the sale by the
agents authorized by the Secretary of War to conduct the
same, was injudicious and improper, and resulted, by rea-
son of its want of publicity, m the exclusion of that compe-
tition among persons desiring to purchase, which, under the
circumstances, should have been permitted.
3. Resolved, That the terms of sale adopted by the agents
appointed by the Secretary of War to make said sale are
disappioved, for the reasons, first, that a credit unauthor-
ized by law was given to the purchaser; and, second, that
the right of possession after the sale, reserved to the Gov-
ernment, was calculated to prevent a fair sale at a fair
price.
4. Resolved, That the evidence taken by the select com-
mittee appointed under the authority of the resolution of this
House of January 4,1858, be transmitted to the Secretary
of War, to the end that, in conjunction with the Attorney
General of the United States, he may adopt such measures
in respect of the sale as they shall be of opinion, in view of
the facta developed by such evidence, that the public in-
terest requires.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to say that I shall
ask for a separate vote upon those resolutions.
The SPEAKER. That question does not now
arise, but if it be the pleasure of the House, when
the House comes to vote upon the respective res-
olutions, a division of the amendment will be
allowed by the Chair. The Chair doubts whether
a division can be had of such an amendment. It
must be taken as an entirety. If not, the effect
of it practically would be to allow a gentleman,
instead of Offering: one amendment, to offer two
or three, and instead of there being an amendment
and an amendment to an amendment pending, it
might result in there being five or ten amendments
pending. But the views of the House upon this
question can, perhaps, be better obtained by al-
lowing a division to be called, and the Chair, if
there be no objection, wilt so propound the ques-
tion to the House when the House comes to vote
upon the resolutions.
Mr. JEWETT. Isitin order to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute offered by the gentleman
from New York ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GROW. I desire now to ask a separate
vote on the resolutions of the minority of the com-
mittee, in case we should reach them.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I believe I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BISHOP. I would like to inquire whether
it was not the understanding yesterday that the
vote was to be taken at twelve o'clock to-day ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. There was no
understanding by which I am to be restricted of
the time to which I am entitled. I claim the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. MCfRRlLL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York if he intends to move the previ-
ous question at the conclusion of his remarks?
because I desire to say that the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Morris,] who was a member of
the committee, was indisposed yesterday, and
was not able to participate in the debate; and he
ought not to be deprived of an opportunity of
making some remarks on the subject.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am willing to
move the pievious question at the conclusion of
my remarks, if it is the pleasure of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the.gentleman will
not move it till the gentleman from Illinois has
had an opportunity of being heard.
Mr. JEWETT. I ask the consent of the
House to have the amendment which I desired to
offer read for information.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I have no ob-
jection, if my time is not thereby abridged.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
3. Resolved, That the facts and circumstances reported
and relied on by the majouty ot the committee do not au-
thorize the conclusion to which they have come, that the
action on the pait of the Secrctaiy ol Wai was a grave offi-
cial fault.
2. Resolved, Th<U the contingency had not occurred upon
the happening of which alone w;is thr Secretiny of War
authorized to sell Fott Snellim,* or the land attached there-
* to ; and that tne sale, m the opinion ot this ilouse, is void.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the attention of the House while I offer some
unpremeditated remarks upon the questions which
are now presented for our consideration. I should
have been content, at this late hour of the session,
to have given a silent vote upon the resolutions
submitted to us, had I not arrived at the conclu-
sion, after a deliberate exaniination of the reports
of the majority and minority of the committee,
and of the evidence adduced before them, that the
subject is one which deserves, and should receive,
the careful attention of every member of this
House. Mr. Speaker, it involves a subject no less
grave than that of the mode in which the national
defenses of the country may be alienated. We
are officially informed by the reports of this com-
mittee of investigation, that one of our military
reservations, long since established, embracing
an extensive and valuable tract of land in the
midst of a settled and rapidly improving section
of the country, has ceased as such to exist. Well
may this House pause and inquire by what au-
thority has this alienation been made, and under
what circumstances? and for what pecuniary
consideration, has the title been contracted to be
ceded away.
Mr. Speaker, this is not a party question, and
involves the fate of no Administration measure,
and hence no member of this House is hampered
or embarrassed by the opinion of any other man
or any set of men, or of any of the officials of the
Government, in pronouncing his judgment upon
all the facts developed.
It is not to be unheeded that the case involves,
to a very considerable degree, the conduct and
character of the Secretary of War, the deport-
ment of the commissioners appointed by him to
make this sale, and the transactions of the alleged
purchasers at that sale. All these gentlemen and
their acts, as connected with the subject-matter of
inquiry, pass in review before us.
I may be permitted to say that I am one of
those who think that the character of any man,
be he a public man'or a private citizen, is a thing
almost too sacred to be touched by the legislation
of this House. In dealing with it whenever such
dealing becomes indispensable, we cannot fail to
exercise a care most considerate, and ajudgment
unswayed by party or personal prejudices.
Mr. Speaker, I have examined with no incon-
siderable attention the reports of the majority and
minority;and while I render'full credit to each
for the signal ability displayed, I find myself un-
able to concur with either in the results at which
they have arrived. I shall endeavor to state brief-
ly the grounds of my dissent from the resolutions
both of the majority and minority, and then ad-
dress myself dircctly to the series which I have
offered as a substitute.
Mr. Speaker, the resolutions of the majority
condemn everything and everybody. I concede
that, in their report, they have developed a chain
of circumstantial evidence, tending to draw in
question the official conduct of the Secretary of
War, and affecting the integrity of the sale itself
to such a degree that I am free to say that 1 should
hesitate long before I could give my approbation
to that sale. I cannot indorse the resolutions of
the majority which propose to implicate the Sec-
retary of War, which propose to impeach the com-
missioners appointed to make the sale, which
propose to impeach the alleged purchasers, which
propose to impeach the sale itself, and thus invite
a universal condemnation of every person and
everything connected with the transaction.
I am as strongly disinclined to adopt the res-
olutions of the minority, which seem, with equal
failure of discrimination, to exonerate everything
and every person. They propose to exonerate
the Secretary of War, the commissioners of the
sale, the alleged purchasers, and the machinery
by which the sale was effected, from every kind
of criticism or censure. They propose to give the
sanction of this House, in official and legislative
form, as well to the mode by which the sale was
conducted as to the terms of the sale. Their ex-
oneration covers the whole scheme of the spec-
ulation. Sir, I dissent from both. It is with no
ordinary satisfaction that I can say that a critical
examination of all the evidence leaves not the
slightest ground for implication of the personal or
official integrity of the Secretary of War. I am
by no means satisfied with the manner in which
the sale was conducted, nor with the terms of the
sale. Tphere are circumstances surrounding this
sale which, in my judgment, should not be per-
mitted to attend the sale of any of our national de-
fenses, or any portion of the public domain.
Mr. Speaker, what is alleged in the report of
the majority, touching the official conduct of the
Secretary of War? If I have eliminated with ac-
curacy the substance of that report, the charges
are two, and only two. The first is, that he ex- I
ceeded the power and abused the discretion vested
in him by law in directing the sale. The other is,
that he confided the conduct of the sale to inex-
perienced and incompetent agents.
Now, sir, I think I may assume that no mem-
ber of this House is to such a degree the enemy
of the Administration as to be willing to cast un-
merited censure upon*the conduct of a gentleman
of distinguished reputation, of courtly manners,
of unimpeached and unimpeachable character, for
the reason that he fills a Cabinet office under that
Administration. And I hope I may, with equal
confidence, assume that there is no man in this
House who, from mere sympathy with the Ad-
ministration, would hesitate, upon a question like
this, to pronounce his condemnation of the manner
of a sale which, if it had been made under the
administration of political adversaries, would have
met with clear and marked reproof.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to consider a moment
the allegation that the Secretary of "War has ex-
ceeded his power in directing the sale of the mil-
itary reservation at Fort Snelling. Well, sir, what
if he has ? Is that any impeachment of his good
faith in ordering the sale ? Suppose he has made
u mistake as to the law, (and I am not, by any
means, certain that he has not,) does it follow that
this House, differing with him in opinion, is at
liberty to assail him? Assume, if you please,
that the legal power did not exist in the Secretary
of War to order a sale of the reservation at Port
Snelling—and I cannot but deem the question at
least doubtful, in view of all the facts disclosed,
touching its capability for military use—it by no
means follows that his erroneous judgment, as to
his legal powers,or an indiscreet exercise of them,
is to subject him to such censure as is implied in
the resolutions of the majority. It is clear, it is
conceded by all, whether friends or foes, that he
was not concerned in the speculation; that he was
not to have one single dollar of the profit; that if
he has erred at all it was by mistake, a$d without
intent to permit the Government to be defrauded
of its domain, or the Treasury to be despoiled of
the money.
It is charged that, in the appointment of the
agents to conduct the sale, he was governed by
the rules of party discipline and selected personal
and political friends. It will scarcely be ques-
tioned that such considerations may properly,
and that, at any rate, they at all times do influ-
ence the appointments made by the persons for
the time being in the possession of the power of
the country. Sir, this discrimination in favor of
his friends is no ground of accusation—scarcely
of criticism. It casts no imputation upon his per-
sonal or official integrity. It is true that he ought
to have selected discreet and capable men as the
agents to perform the services which the statute
did not contemplate that he should discharge in
person. But there is not an item of evidence
proving that the agents selected by him for that
purpose were men of known incapacity. The
criticism upon their official conduct, to which the
result of the investigation exposes them, is one
to which the Secretary of War had no reason to
expect that they would subject themselves; and
no Administration can be justly censurable, or be
at all times held responsible, for the acts and er-
rors of its appointees.
If the circumstances justify the conclusion to
which my reflections have led mc, I can recog-
nize no embarrassment in relieving the personal
and official integrity of the Secretary of War from
all imputation, while at the same time we pro-
nounce upon the sale, and the circumstances at-
tending it, such judgment as the transaction merits
upon the evidence disclosed.
Mr. Speaker, if the Secretary of War com-
mitted an error in directing the sale, it is an error
into which very many others have fallen. The
minority of the committee—both, 1 believe, pro-
fessional men of acknowledged ability—and many
other members of the House, appear to entertain
no doubt of the legal power of the Secretary to
make the sale. I will briefly speak to that ques-
tion—had the Secretary of War the power to make
the sale? It is conceded on all sides that the
power to sell, if it existed at all, is derivable under
the statute of 1819, or that of 3 857. The act of
1819 reads as follows:
i(Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America hi Congress assembled, That
the Secietaryof War be, and he is hereby, authorized,
