1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
No. 205) for the relief of Susannah Hayne Pinck-
ney, sole heir of Captain Richard Shubriek.
It proposes to allow thcwseven years' half pay
of a captain of infantry, as promised by the re-
solve ofAugusf.24,1780, which amounts to $1,680.
Mr. SLIDELL.* I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
Mr. STUART. I object to the bill.
Mr. CLAY. There arc about six cases of that
character reported; and I am satisfied that those
who have not given this subject any attention are
unconscious of the mischief that may result from
the passage of any one of these bills, and when-
ever wc go back and take them up, I wish to en-
lighten those who have not read something on the
subject. I am opposed to the consideration of the
The bill was passed over.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 207) for the relief of John Hastings, collector
of the port of Pittsburg.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to that bill. When
it comes up I shall have something to say upon it.
The bill was passed over.
joseph c. g- kennedy.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 209) for the relief of Joseph C. Cf. Kennedy,
which proposes to allow him $2,000 for damages
to buildings rented from lum by the United States
for the use of the census office.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let that, be passed over.
The next was the bill (S. No. 212) for the re-
lief of Joseph C. G. Kennedy.
U proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department, in the settle-
ment of Mr. Kennedy's accounts, as late secretary
of the census board, and superintending clerk of
the census, to allow him at the rate of $3,000 per
annum, in full compensation for all services ren-
dered by him in either or both capacities.
Mr. CLAY. Let that bill be passed over.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is a very clear case. I
hope the Senator will hear the report. Tiiis gen-
tleman served in these two capacities
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to hearing
the report, but wc paid one man, I know, for this
work; and I should require a very strong show-
ing before consenting to pay another one.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is the only one ever
paid;, and he has not been fully paid yet.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I object to the bill.
The bill was passed over.
reimbursement of the state of maine.
The bill (S. No. 216) authorizing the payment
to the State of Maine of certain expenses agreed
to be refunded to her by the fifth article of the
treaty between the United States of America and
her Britannic Majesty, dated the 9th day of Au-
gust, in the year of our Lord 1842, was read the
second time.
Mr. CLAY. Is that a private bill ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been so considered.
Mr. CLAY. I did not know that the State of
Maine was a private corporation. 1 always sup-
posed it was one of the sovereign States of this
Union.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Baumt.)
It has been ruled usually that a bill for the relief
of a State is in the nature of a private bill.
Mr. STUART. I shall want to discuss that
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 216) is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. S TUART. That is a debatable question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that it is a private bill.
Mr. STUART. I do not deny that; but I ob-
ject to the bill. I examined the question and dis-
cussed it, at the last session. I am opnosed to
the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
This is a report from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, on a claim arismgunder the treaty. It
is not the same question to which he alludes.
Mr. STUART. Then I do not object to it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill, which directs the ac-
counting officers to ascertain, as among the ex-
penditures of the State of Maine in defending the
territory heretofore in dispute with Great Britain,
the amounts paid in borrowing money for those
expenditures beyond the rate of six per cent, per
annum, whether in the form of discounts or other-
wise, in all cases in which the principal of such
expenditures and interest upon them at the rate
of six per cent, have heretofore been refunded to
that State by the United States. In making this
ascertainment, the accounting officers are to com-
pute the principal and interest of the difference
between the cash received by Maine in negotia-
ting stocks and notes, and the nominal amount of
such stocks and notes, and the interest accrued
thereon, and in cases where Maine was obliged,
in negotiating for moneys, to increase the rate of
interest on previous loans, the amount of such
increase is to be computed and allowed, but not
so as to reckon interest upon interest.
Mr. CLAY. I shall object to the interest al-
lowed, without knowing anything of the merits
of the bill.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator is mistaken
in the view he takes of it. The bill does not pro-
pose to allow interest as interest at all. It proposes
to allow to the State of Maine so much as she
suffered in the way of discount in the sale of her
bonds for the purpose of raising money to pros-
ecute the Aroostook war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is aware that the question is not debatable. Does
the Senator from Alabama object to the bill ?
Mr. CLA Y. I prefer that it should go over.
The bill was passed over.
robert dickson.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 23) for the relief of Robert Dickson, of the
Kentucky volunteers, which was reported upon
adversely from the Committee on Pensions.
The bill was passed over.
richard w. meade. |
The bill (S. No. 221) for the relief of Richard ;
W. Meade, was read the second time, and con- '
sidcred as in Committee of the 'Whole. j
Its object is to allow R. W. Meade, late a lieu- J
tenant in the United States Navy, ft3G6 20, being |
the amount of expenses incuried by hmi and his I
clerk for subsistence, wlulo under orders of the
Navy Department, and detained on shore at San
Francisco, fiotn July 15 to September 30, 1849,
less the amount already received by them for
commutation of their rations during the same pe-
riod.
The bill was leported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the thiid
time, and passed.
frances ann m'cauley.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. j
No. 223) for the relief of Frances Ann McCauIey. '
It provides for the pcyment to her, as widow
of Daniel S. McCauIey, deceased, late consul gen-
eral of the United States at Alexandria, in Egypt,
the sum of $4,200, for compensation for judicial
services perl'oi rned by her husband, from the 14th
of August, 1H48, to the 26th of October, 1852,
under the act of Congress entitled " An act to
carry into < lP'ot certain provisions in the treaties
between the United States and China and the Ot-
toman Porte, giving certain judicial powers to
ministersand consuls of the United States in those
countries," approved August 11,18id, at the rate
of $1,000 per annum.
Mr. WRIGHT. i ask for the reading of the
report in that case.
The Clerk rcud the report m ide by Mr. Foor,
fi oni the Committee on Foreign Relations, on the
31«t of Mareh.
Mr. GREEN. I object to that bill.
mrs. harriet o. read.
The bill (S. No. 226) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet O. R ad, executrix of the late Brevet
Colot.el A. C. W. Fannin?, of the United States
Army, was read a secondtime. anu considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment of $1,250,_being
the amount claimed to be due the estate of Brevi t
Colonel Fanning, as commissions of tv/o and a
half per cent, upon the sum of $50,000 disbursed
by him in 1827 and 1823, at the United States ar-
senal, in Augusta, Georgia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
martin layman.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 235) for the relief of Martin Layman.
It proposes to authorize him to enter the south-
west quarter of section thirty-six, township
twenty-nine north, range twenty-four west, in
the Minneapolis land district, Minnesota Terri-
tory, upon payment of the usual minimum of
$1 25 per acre; and to authorize the superintend-
ent of public schools in the Territory of Minne-
sota to select an equal amount of other lands in
the Territory for the use of public schools in lieu
of the lands granted to Layman.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that bill.
Mr. STUART afterwards said: My colleague
is satisfied that the bill for the relief of Martin
Layman is right.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my objection
to that bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. GREEN. 1 ob-
ject to going back.
N. C. WEEMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 212) for
the relief of N. C. Weems, of Louisiana.
It proposes to confirm N. C. Weems's entry of
the section sixty-eight, of township two nortHi, of
range one east, in the southwestern land district
of Louisiana, patented September I, 1849.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thud time, and passed.
william e. Kendall's sureties.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 237) for the relief of Arnold Harris and Sam-
uel F. Butterworth.
It proposes to release them, as sureties of Wil-
liam E. Kendall, late deputy postmaster at New
Orleans,Louisiana, from all claim which the Uni-
ted States may have against them, or either of
them, as such sureties.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that bill.
noah smith.
The bill (8. No. 240) for the relief of Noah
Smith, late a puvate in the Army of the United
States, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Noah Smith, of Guil-
ford, in tile county of Belknap, New Hampshire,
on the invalid pension list, at the rate of eight dol-
lais per month, commencing on the Istof March,
1858, and to continue during his natural life, on
account of wounds and disabilities received by
him while performing duty as a soldier in the
Army of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
john brest.
The bill (S. No. 242) for the relief of John
Brest, a soldier in the war of 1812, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its design is to direct the Secretary of the In-
i tenor to increase the pension of John Brest, of
I Bourbon county, State of Kentucky, from six; to
! eia'nt dollars per month, from the 1st of March,
! 185S.
■ The bill was reported to the Senate without
' amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
| reading, read the third time, and passed.
| CAPTAIN ALEXANDER ROSE.
; The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
| No. 213) for the relief of the heirs of Captain
; Alexander Rose.
!, Mr. CLAY. I objcct to the consideration of
' j that bill.
! milwaukie and mississippi railroad.
'] The bill (S. No. 249) to release to the Milsvau-
kieand Mississippi Railroad Company the interest
! of the United States to a parcel of land, was read
: a second time and considered as in Committee of
'the Whole.
;i It provides that whatever of ris:ht, title, or in-
i; terest, the United States has or may have in and
