586
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of Isaac Car-
penter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Isaac Carpenter, of the State of New
York, upon the invalid pension list, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, commencing on the
tenth day of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-six, to continue during his natural life.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. LVI.—An Act for the Relief of Brevet
Major H. L. Kendrick.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States iff America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they hereby are, authorized
and directed to credit and allow Brevet Major
H. L. Kcndrick, of the second artillery, the sum
of twelve hundred and ninety-four dollars and
sixty-six cents in the settlement of his account
for the sales made by him, by order of General
Worth, of certain ordnance property belonging
to the United States, at Puebla, in Mexico, in
June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight; said sum
being so much of the proceeds of said sale as
were stolen from him at Jalapa, while transport-
ing the same to Vera Cruz.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. LV1I.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representatives of Mane Malines.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the legal representatives of Marie
Malines, born Rillieux, be, and they are hereby,
confirmed in nil the right, titje, and interest now
held or possessed by the United States in and to
a certain tract of land in the State of Louisiana,
containing about thirty-two hundred arpents,
being a part of a grant made by the French Gov-
ernment, in the year one thousand seven hundred
and sixty-four, to Marie Rillieux, according to a
survey and plat made by the royal surveyor, Don
Carlos Trudeau, and of record in the land office
at New Orleans; and upon a proper survey, duly
approved, being returned to the General Land
Office, a patent shall issue: Provided, That this
act shall only be construed to vest in the smd
legal representatives of Marie Malines, born Ril-
lieux, tne rights, title, and interest in said land
now held and possessed by the United States, and
shall not be construed in any way to impair the
bona fide rights, interests, or claims acquired by
any other person under adverse grants, conces-
sions, or purchases made prior to the passage of
this act.
Approved, May 24, 3858.
Ciiap. LX,—An Act for the Relief of Nancy
Serena.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, axithorized and required to place
the name of Nancy Serena, widow of Joseph
Serena, deceased, on the pension roll, and pay
her at the rate of eight dollars per month, com-
mencing on the fifteenth day of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and to continue dunng
her natural life or widowhood.
Approved, May 29, 1858.
Chap. LXl.—An Act for the Relief of Elijah F.
Smith, Gilman fch Perkins, and Charles F.
Smith.
Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be. and hereby is, authorized and required to re-
fund to Elijah F. Smith, Gilman H. Perkms, and
Charles F. Smith, or the survivors of them, com-
posing the firm of Smith, Perkins and Company,
of Rochester, New York, the sum of eight hun-
dred ^and thirty-seven dollars, paid by them to
the United States, on one debenture bond, exe-
cuted by John B. Glover and Company, dated
April second, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
as penalty over and above the regular duties on
the merchandise therein mentioned.
Approved, June 1,. 1858.
Chap. LXII.—An Act explanatory of an Act
entitled " An Act for the Relief of Dempsey
Pittman/'approved August sixteenth,eighteen
hundred and fifty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in' Congress
assembled, That the act approved August six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, entitled
tl An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman," be
so construed as to authorize and direct the Sec-
retary of War to pay to the said Dempsey Pitt-
man the compensation and allowances of a colo-
nel of infantry, for the period of five months, in
full consideration for his services in Florida in
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXTII.—An Act for the Relief of Anna
M. E. Ring, Louisa M. Ring, Cordelia E.
Ring, and Sarah J. De Lannoy.
Be it enacted by the Senate an$ House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the assignment by David A. Ring,
to his four daughters, to wit: Anna M. E. Ring,
Cordelia E. Ring, Louisa M. Ring, and Sarah J.
De Lannoy, of land warrant number three thou-
sand ofie hundred and seventy-two, for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, issued on the eigh-
teenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, to
the said David A. Ring, be, and the same is here-
by, held to vest in said assignees all the right,
title and interest of said David A. Ring in and to
said warrant.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam Allen, of Portland, in the State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Co7igress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause the name of
William Allen to be placed on the pension list,
at the rate of six dollars per month, from and
after the passage of this act, said pension to con-
tinue during his life, and to be in lieu of the pen-
sion to which he is now by law entitled.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Ciiap. LXY.—An Act for the Relief of Fabius
Stanly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the "United Stales of America i?i Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed
to pay to Fabius Stanly, as full compensation for
his services during the time he was actually on
duty and attached to the navy-yard at Mare
Island, California, at the rate of two thousand
one hundred dollars per annum, deducting there-
from the pay he received for his services during
that period.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXYI.—An Act for the Relief of George
A. O'Brien.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be allowed and paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to George A. 0 'Brien, for his services as
clerk in the office of the Second Auditor, from the
fifth day of July, eighteen hundred and forty-five,
to the third day of March, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, the sum of five hundred and forty-nine
dollars and thirty-three cents.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Ciiap. LXVII.—An Act for the Relief of the heirs
of John B. Hand.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed and required, to pay to
the heirs of John B. Hand, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of thirteen hundred and forty dollars.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Brevet
Major James L. Donaldson, Assistant Quar-
termaster United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Departmentbe,and they are hereby,
authorized and directed, in settling the accounts
of Brevet Major James L. Donaldson, to allow
him a credit for the sum of four hundred dollars,
being the amount of public funds stolen while in
his possession as acting assistant quartermaster
of the Army, near Monterey, in Mexico, on the
tenth of October, eighteen hundred and forty-six.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act to continue a Pension to
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet
Major Moses J. Barnard, United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to continue upon the
pension roll at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
from and after the fourth day of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, when her pension ex-
pired, the name of Christine Barnard, widow of
the late Brevet Major Moses J. Barnard, captain
in company H, regiment of voltigeurs, who was
twice wounded in planting the American colors
upon the parapet of Chcpultepec while storming
that fortress, and who died from disease contracted
in,and greatly enhanced by hardships and fatigue
of, the Mexican campaign; said pension to be
held by her, or by her children, in accordance
with existing laws in reference to the widows and
children ofthose who died from wounds or disease
received or contracted during the Mexican war.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Ciiap. LXX.—An Act for the Relief of Rufus
Dwinel.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause
to be paid to Rufus Dwinel, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of eleven thousand seven hundred and forty-
eight dollars and three cents, being for interest at
the rate of six per centum per annum, on the sum
of thirteen thousand and thirty-seven dollars and
seventy-two cents, from the fourth day of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, when the lat-
ter sum was due from the United States to said
DwinePs assignor, to March eleventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, when an appropriation
was made for its payment.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Jonas P.
Keller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That' the sum of seven hundred and
fifty dollars be allowed and paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Jonas P. Keller, m full for his services
as a watchman or overseer of the executive build-
ing at the corner of F and Seventeenth streets,
from the first of April, eighteen hundred and
forty-nine, to the thirtieth of September, eighteen
hundred and fifty.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXII.-
-A n Act for the Relief of Stephen
R. Rowan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the attorney of the United States
of America for the southern district of Illinois
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
