mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
ernment to public censure because, peradvepture,
there may have been a mistaken construction of
the power conferred, or an error as to its exer-
cise.
Mr. Speaker, assume, if you please, that there
was no defectof power, and that the contingency
had occurred which authorized its exercise, it
nevertheless by no means follows that the sale
itself, when viewed in respect of the circumstances
attending it, which have been developed by the
investigation of the committee, ought to receive
the sanction of this House. I am aware that this
House, .when employed in the consideration of
the subject-matter of this investigation, is not ex-
ercising judicial powers. Sir, judicial power is
not conferred upon us; our legislative power can
only be exercised in conjunction with the Senate
and with the President. It is true, sir, that this
was a subject of which the House might well take
cognizance. I deem it within the appropriate
sphere of this Ho life to take notice of every act
of any one of the officers of the Government which
may, in any manner, affect the revenue of the
country, or which may tend to deprive us of any
of the national property or national defenses. But,
sir, as we cannot exercise judicial power, we can-
notannul this sale, or deprive any party, claiming
under it, of any right. If any such has been ac-
quired, we cannot divest it by force of legislative
power, unless in violation of the Constitution.
We may express our opinion, and we may leave
it to the courts of justicfc to determine, m view of
all the circumstances of the case, whether the sale
is void, and, if not void, whether it is not void-
able.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose, because I have
not the time remaining to me, to analyze this mass
of evidence, and to attempt to array it before this
House in such a manner that it can be carefully
and justly weighed. I will, however, refer to one
or two of the acknowledged features of the case, in
respect of which I call upon the House to pro-
nounce its calm, unbiased judgment, fiee from the
influence of party or personal prejudice.
It is established J>y the reports of the majority
and of the minority, and may be taken as con-
ceded, that this sale was secret. That it was so
severely, so dreadfully secret, that this one of
our national defenses passed from the control of
the Government, while the officer m command of
the fort was unaware of it, and while the citizens
in the neighborhood in which itis loeated, anxious
as they appear to have been for an oppoitunity to
purchase the land, had not the slightest idea that
the sale was going on. This much cannot be
controverted, and the question then presented is,
Shall this House give its assent to the sale of one
of the national defenses, under tins act of Con-
gress, conducted in a manner which, without in-
tending unjustly to characterize it, 1 do not hesi-
tate to pronounce clandestine? Now, if there is
any one principle better settled than another, ap-
plicable as well to sales made by authority of law
as to judicial sales, it is that the sale shall not be
secret—shall not be clandestine—but that it shall
be open, exposed,notorious. No argument, hav-
ing a respectable foundation,can be urged in favor
of a secret sale. We are irresistibly urged to the
conclusion that this sale, because, of this undis-
puted feature, should not be established as a pre-
cedent, or receive the sanction of the (Government.
Mr. Speaker, I can hardly hesitate to express
the opinion that theie iy not a single court of jus-
tice in Christendom that, upon the case presented
by this report, would hesitate a moment to annul
that sale upon that ground alone. Hut it is said
fhat the property brought Us full value. I do not
propose to examine the evidence upon that subject.
While there is some foundation lor the assertion
that if the land had been sold at an open, public
sale, it might for all have been sacrificed; it is,
nevertheless, my judgment, upon the evidence,
that it would at that tune have brought twice or
three times the sum contracted to be paid if it had
been sold in a manner to invite competition, and
under such circumstances as would have rendered
nugatory that kind of fraudulent combination to
deprive the Government of the value of its prop-
erty, (whenever it has recouise to a public sale,)
which is said to be sanctioned by the general sen-
timent of the people of the Norihwost.
Mr. Speaker, it may be regarded as an estab-
lished principle, applicable to judicial and other
sales, that mere inadequacy of price is of itself an
insufficient ground for setting them aside; and,
sir, it is a matter almost of indifference whether
this property realized $100,000 or $500,000. I
agree with the majority of the committee that the
sum which the Government is likely to receive
from any sale of any portion of the public prop-
erty is very inconsiderable, and far beneath its
value; but I would myself much more readily
have given my assent to this sale at three cents an
acre, if it had been open and fair. It is import-
ant that the country should know and feel that
whenever any of these reservations are to be
alienated, they are not to be permitted, under any
circumstances, to be bestowed'upon personal or
political favorites, and if this sale had been made
m a less exceptionable manner by the-commis-
sioners who conducted it, the criticism whichhas
I been directed against the transaction by the ma-
| jority of the committee would have been spared.
Mr. Speaker, I shall assume that it is estab-
lished by the evidence that the commissioners in-
tentionally concealed the fact of their instructions
to make the sale. Why, sir, the secret was so
profound, that a friend of mine who was in Min-
nesota somewhere in the latter part of June, sup-
posed, from the information of those residing in
the vicinity of Fort Snclling, that the sale was to
take place, when, in truth and fact, it had already
taken place nearly a month before. It was so
secret tluit the news had not reached St. Louis
on the 19th of August, 1#57, when Mr. Reynolds
addressed a letter to the Secretary of War, asking
him when the site was to be sold.
Now, I feel justified in saying that there is no
denial to be made by any man, who, in respect
of this transaction, seeks the truth of the allega-
tion, that this sale, whether it was fair or not,
whether it was for an adequate price or not, was
nevertheless suspiciously secret. For that reason,
alone, if no others existed, 1 think the sale, under
ail the circumstances attending it, should be re-
viewed by the Secretary of Wai, who has never
had an opportunity to pronounce his judgment
upon the facts now developed, and who acted"
upon the report of the commissioners longbofoie
the public, or those who set this inquiry on foot,
had any knowledge of the tram of circumstances
which now casts suspicion and distrust upon the
integrity of the sale.
The subject which I next propose to present
to the consideration of the House, relates to the
tenns of the sale. I will premise what I have to
say upon this point by stating, that so far from
the secrecy of the sale and the peculiar terms upon
which it was made being m accordance with the
directions of the Secretary of War, they are, in
my judgment, directly antagonistic to their spirit
and letter. If I supposed that the Secretaiy of
War had given mstiuctions to the commissioners
appointed by him to make that sale, to keep it a
; secret, locked up in their own breasts, and not to
I'pernut the fact that the piopeity was for sale to
be known only to men who had been already se-
lected to purchase it, there is no man on this tloor
who would more readily than myself pronounce
strong condemnation. Upon a careful examination
of his hitter of instructions, I find that although
it gave the authority that the property might be
sold at public sale or private sale, yet it is not
consistent with the scope of those instructions to
suppose that it was his wish or expectation that
theie should have been any such extraordinary
secrecy employed. The commissioner might
have advertised fhe proj>erty to be disposed of at
private sale, or have sold upon sealed biddings,
iii st fixing a minimum, as directed by the Secre-
j tary.
1 A Member. But he confirmed the sale after
j it had been made by the commissioners in this
I manner.
| Mr. CLARK, of New York. In respect to that
! suggestion I will way, that if tiie Secretary of
j War with all the facts elicited by this nivcstiga-
i tion before him should confirm that sale, unless
i for reasons which are not to me apparent, I should
I consider that he had assumed a great responsi-
! bihty. I«ui,sm\I deny that there was before the
' Secretary of War, at the time he confirmed that
! sale, the evidence that now exists upon the sub-
. ject of the secrecy with which it was conductcd.
, So far as the terms of the sale are concerned, un-
i doubtcdly they were before him and before the
( President, who appears on the 2d of July to have
given his official sanction to it. But, I cannot find
in the case, as it was then presented to the Secre-
tary of War and the President, a scintilla of the
evidence which now leads to the conclusion that
the only combination which the commissioners
had real occasion to be wary of, was that into the
snare of which they perhaps unwittingly fell.
Mr. Speaker, in respect of the terms of the sale,
the resolutions which I have proffered present
the objections that it was a sale on credit—such
credit being unauthorized by law; and that there
was at the time of the sale, and as a part of its
terms, a right reserved to the Government to re-
tain possession of the property for an indefinite
period—which reserved right was calculated to
present a fair sale at a fair price. *
These provisions of the sale appear to have
been original with the commissioners or with the
purchasers. They are in no wise in accordance
with the instructions of the Secretary of War.
The arrangement for a credit of two thirds of the
purchase money without interest, was, without
doubt, the suggestion of the purchaser. The
provision for the retention of possession, was
doubtless, inserted at the suggestion of the com-
missioners and with a view to the convenience of
the Government. This latter provision of the
contract seems to furnish a kind of record evi-
dence that the site ions at the time of the sale in actual
use for military purposes, and that such use could not
be instantly dispensed with. How can it be said
that the site was useless?
Mr. Speaker, the Government of the United
States has abolished the credit system in its deal-
ings with the people. It receives only coin in pay-
ment, and it pays coin when it pays at all. The
contract for the sale made by the commissioners
provides for a credit to the purchaser of two thirds
of the purchase money, and for the delivery of
the deed upon payment of the remaining one third,
and security given for the deferred payments.
The kind or class of security is not defined. It
was to be made satisfactory to the Secretary of
War, or to agents appointed for that purpose.
Was such a ciedit allowable? I read from the
act of Congress, of 1819:
" And tlie Secu'tnry of War is hereby authorized, on pay-
ment of the eonsideiation agieed foi into the Treasuty of
1 ho United State*, to make, evecutc, and deliver all need-
ful inj-U u wonts conveying and trauaferung the fcame in tee."
The consideration referred to in the act, is the
whole consideration for the sale. The security
to the Government, provided by law, is no less
than the payment of the whole consideration, in
coin, into the Treasury of the United States.
The law is clear and imperative. It demands the
money. The contract is equally clear and imper-
ative. It exacts the credit. Which shall prevail?
It may be said that the Secretary of War has not
executed any conveyance to the alleged purchaser,
and that, therefore, he can prevent any infraction
of the provisions of the law, and the possibility
of pecuniary loss to the Treasury by withholding
the deed till the whole purchase money shall be
first paid. I think that the Secretary has acted
with discretion m withholding the deed; and I
cannot imagine that he will, under any circum-
stances, permit the Government to be complicated
in any credit arrangement touching the unpaid por-
tion of the purchase money. Nor do I believe that,
whatever may be his judgment as to the facts and
circumstances attending the sale, as now disclosed,
he will subject himself to the charge of disregard-
ing a plain, clear,statutory provision, touching the
execution of any conveyance to which any person
may become entitled. It is unwise policy to permit
the relation of debtor and creditor to exist be-
tween the Government and a purchaser in respect
of a sale like this. It exposes the Treasury to
the hazard of ultimate loss, and may subject Con-
giess to the importunity for lelief, to which the
transaction may give rise.
Itis asseited that the military post at Fort Snell-
ing is still occupied by the Government for mili-
tary purposes; and it appears, in the evidence re-
potted by the committee of investigation, that a
difference of opinion already has arisen between
the alleged purchaser and certain Army officers,
as to the extent and duration of the right of occu-
pation reserved in the contract of sale. This con-
i| llict of views may yet exhibit itself to Congress
'! in the form of an application for relief. No such
embarrassments could possiblyarisehad the forms
of sale been discreet, and had the mode of sale been
judicious. I protest against the alienation oflarge
