1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625'
to (hat certain tract or parcel of land situate in
t 1jo Mississippi river, at the village of Prairie du
T'i'ir-n, in Wisconsin, opposite the depot grounds
of the Milwaukie and Mississippi Railroad Com-
pany, (beingasmall island in low water, contain-
ing about thirty-five acies, separated from the
main land upon the east bank of the river by a
small channel or slough, and which, being over-
flowed at high water, has never been surveyed by
the United States, to an extent equal in width to
their present front on the river,) be released and
quit-claimed to the Milwaukie and Mississippi
Railroad Company, to be held and enjoyed by the
•company for depot and other laihoad purposes.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask for the reading of the re-
port in that case.
The Clerk read the following report, made by
• Mr. Stuart from the Committee on Public Lands
on the 8th of April:
The Committee on Public Land?, to whom was refeired
Pie memorial of the Milwaukie and Mississippi Railroad
Company, lespectfully report:
That they are unanimously of the opinion that the prayer
of the memorialists should be gi anted, and they repoit a bill
f oi that pjipose. The facts are substantially and nuly stated
in the inemoiial of the company, a copy of which is an-
nexed to this report.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
oj the United States in Congress assembled:
The Milwaukie and Mississippi Railroad Company, in
the ^ta.te of Wisconsin, re>pectlully lepresents (hut the
\vv<?etn termmu«s of their road is on the east bank of the
Mi<Ms>ippi rivei, at Prairie du Chicn, in the said State of
Wisconsin, at which point the company have purchased
Jrom the original propnetois. and are now the ovvneis, m
fee faimplc, of a tiact of land u-ed lor depot purposes em-
tssa'-mg the whole nver fiont of pnvate land claims Nos. 06
and 37, of Ltieiu-? Lyon's suivey of pnvate land claims at
Pr-urie du Ciuen. now of leeoid in tlie office of the Com
mi?.-ioncr of the Ceneial Land Olhee ; that lying in fiontof
said d<5pot giounds, and between them and the mam chan-
nel of ttie liver, is a sinai! inland, which is sepaiatcd fiom
the mam land by a nanovv channel oi slough, and winch
inland and slough it i^ necessaiy to cross m order to reach
the mam channel in lower stages of water; and, in Older to
peiiect a convenient landing, it ii necessary to budge the
slon xh and fill the island, as well as to make other improve-
ment1-, winch the company aie deterred fiom doing, for the
iea-0M that certain panics claim, that the island i4- the prop-
eitv of the Geneial Government, and intend to make appli-
cation for the same under the preemption laws; that the
island is almost wholly oppo&ite to the giounds of saidcom-
panj ,rt3 low, wet, and mai^hy, and valueless for agricultu- :
ial jmi poses, arid m Ingh water is oveiflowed from eight to
ten ieet; that it is about fnty cliams long by seven chains
wide at low water, and contains about tinny-five acies of
lanJj and is not Mirvcyod oi ^hown upon the maps of sur
vevs made by said Lucius Lyon, and has heretofore been
considered of no value.
And your memorialists further icpies.ent, that thev have
eon-hucted a raihoad fiom Aiihvankie, on 1 ,ako Michigan,
to til;: Mississippi river, without the benefit of a laud grant
or other aid from the Government.
Your memoualist-*, therefoie, respectfullv ask that an act
he passed continuing the title to said island to the Mihvau-
Uio ami Mississippi Railroad Company.
Rival and adopted, at Milwaukee, this 3d day of March,
A. D 1858.
JOHN OATTfN,
President of the anhc and Mississippi Railroad Co.
A;t:\>t: WimjIam Tmnvov, Sccrctaui.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fur a thud
leading, read the third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER STEVENSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2<)d) for
the relief of the heirs of Alexander Stevenson.
lis purpose is to require the Treasurer of the
United States lo pay to the legal representatives
of Alexander Stevenson, a soldier of the revolu-
tionary war, in trust for the heirs of Stevenson,
the sum of $654, the amount of money due to
him from the time of his enlistment, January 1,
1776, until the time of his discharge, in 17H3"
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object to the passage of the bill
until I hear the report.
The Clerk read the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, from which itappearcd that
Alexander Stevenson enlisted as a soldier of the
Revolution in the month of February, in the year
1776, was in the battle of the Three Rivers, in
Lower Canada, where he was taken prisoner and ,
detained as such till the year 1783, when he was i
discharged in an enfeebled state of health. It ap- ;
pear* from the records of the War Department i
that he enlisted for one year, and not for and dur- !
ing the war; but having served till the end of the :
war, ius case comes within the spirit and mean-
ing of the law providing relief for tuose who en-
listed "for and during the war." lie received but i
one month's pay from the Government, owin0, to
the fact that he was a prisoner from 1776 till 1783.
In view of all the facts and circumstances attend-
ing this claim, the committee believe the sum re-
ported is the smallest amount the Government
should think of paying. The claim, it seems, was
presented in 1837, and had the favorable action
of two committees; passed the House of Repre-
sentatives at the last session, with a clause allow-
ing interest upon the arrears of pay, and was ob-
jected to in the Senate on the ground that the
Government ought not to pay interest, on the pre-
sumption that she is always ready to pay all her
just debts upon demand. The committee have
refused to allow interest, even from the time de-
mand was made, although there are precedents to
be found justifying such allowance.
Mr. CLAY. I will ask the Senator who re-
ported the bill whether this is to allow the com-
mutation of seven years' half pay ?
Mr. EYANS. No; it is his pay as a common
soldier. He was enlisted, and marched to Can-
ada, and in the battle of the Three Rivers he was
taken prisoner.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw my objection. It does
not come within the class of cases 1 supposed.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 250) to provide for the quieting of certain
land titles in the late disputed territory in the
State of Maine, and for other purposes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that bill go over. It
will take too long to consider it now.
CHARLES M'CORMICK.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
!j No. 252) for the relief of Chailes McCorrnick,
assistant sn! eun in the United Slates Navy.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that bill,
F. M. GUNNEI.L.
The bill (S. No. 253) for the relief of F. M.
Gunnel!, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
was read the second time, as m Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for the allowance to F. M. Gunnell,
of $156, for certain extraordinary expenses in-
curred by him in the discharge of his duty at San
Francisco, California.
The petitioner, an assistant surgeon in the Navy,
attached to the United States ship Independence, ;
of the Pacific squadron, was ordered by Captain !
Josiah Tatnall, on the 17th day of September, :
1855, to proceed to San Fiancisco, and leport
himself for duty at the United States naval ren-
dezvous in that city, and to return to the ship
when the rendezvous should be closed Under
this order the petitioner performed the duty as-
signed him twelve weeks in the city of San Fran-
cisco. His board, during that time, on shore,
amounted, according to the voucher filed by him,
twelve weeks, at eighteen dollais, to $216. In
view of the fact that in fixing the salary of his
grade, reference was had to its ordinary expenses,
the committee deem it but equitable, and in con-
formity with the usage of Congress, to reimburse
the memorialist tor any extraordinary expense
incident to public duty assigned him properly in-
curred. Had the memoi iahsf remained on board
of the ship, in the discharge of his duties as an
assistant surgeon, his mess bill would not proba-
bly have exceeded twenty dollars per month; de-
ducting this amount from his expenses on shore,
leaves the sum of $156. :
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to |
be engrossed, read the third time, and passed. ,
TOWNS END HARRIS.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill (S. i
No. 244) for the relief off ownsund Harris, which ;
proposes to nhow him ^10,000 for Ins services and 1
expenses in negotiating a treaty of commerce be- i
tween the kingdom of Siam and the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is there a report m that case ? i
Mr. SLIDELL. I was about to say, that while i
F think Mr. Harris is entitled to some compensa- |
tion for his services, this allowance is, in my onin- j
ion, extravagant. Itis not one to which I assented :
in the committee. At first a smaller sum was
agreed to by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
but there was a reconsideration, and the bill was
agreed to be reported as it was leconsideied. 1
prefer thatit should go over,for the amountis too
large.
Mr. MASON. I understood there was to be no
debate on any bill to-day, or I should avail my-
self of the occasion to reply to what fell from the
honorable Senator from Louisiana. [" No ob-
jection."] I mean only to state, that the reasons
actuating the committee were satisfactory to my
mind.
The bill was passed over.
ANTHONY CASLO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 255) for the relief of Anthony Casio, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that bill.
ALEXANDER RANDALL.
The bill (S. No. 256) further explanatory of
an act approved August 18,1856, entitled "An act
for the relief of Adam D. Steuart and of Alexan-
der Randall, executor of Daniel Randall, was
read a sccond time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes so to construe the act of August 18,
1856, as to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel
Randall, a commission, at the rate stated in the
act, upon the sum of $218,429 63, in addition to
the commission heretofore allowed him under the
act, being the residue of the amount received and
collected by Daniel Randall in Mexico, as deputy
Paymaster General of the United States
during the war with that Republic. r
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a-third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THE S1EUR DE BONNE AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 259) authorizing the courts to adjudicate the
claim of the legal representatives of the Sieur De
Bonne, and of the Chevalier De Repentiguy, to
certain land at the Sault Ste. Marie, m the State
of Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I think that bill, perhaps, had
belter go over to-day. It ought to be looked into.
I do not know but that it may be right.
The bill was passed over,
CAPTORS .OF BRIG CALEDONIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
11. No. 21H) for the benefit of the captois of the
British briij Caledonia, in the war of 1812.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let that bill go over.
WILLIAM CRUi'CKSHANK AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 200) for the lehef of William Cruickshank,
J. S. Polaek, Calhoun Benham, and Fredeuck
A. Sawyer, of San Francisco.
Mr. GEILEN. I object to that bill, and I think
I can give a satisfactory reason why it ought not
to pass.
MICHAEL NASH.
The bill (S. No. 261) for the relief of Michael
Nash, of the District of Columbia, was read a scc-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It makes an appropriation of $776 50 to Michael
Nash, as additional compensation for services
rendered as assistant superintendent of the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia from August
17, 1841, to March 7, 1849, inclusive.
Mr. KING. I ask for the reading of the report
on that case.
The Clerk read the report made by Mr. Ken-
nedy from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, by which it appeared that Nash was ap-
pointed in June, 1840, as guard at the penitentiary
at a compensation of $550 per annum, but soon
after his appointment, at the suggestion of the
inspectors he was assigned to duty as superin-
tendent of the convict shoemakers, being lumself
a practic.il shoemaker, in which position the in-
spectors think his services were worth $100 a year
more than he received, and his successor hashad
an addition of that amount to his salary. The
object of the bill is to add ^100 per annum to his
pay during his term of service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RICHARD D. ROWLAND.
The bill (S. No. 2G2) for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of Richard D. Rowland,
