1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
@64#
tracts of land to speculators who, on the payment
of a small portion of the purchase money,and be-
coming debtors to the Government for the residue,
may secure the possession and commence a traffic,
for the success of which I have not a particle of
sympathy. My conclusion is, that the credit was
unauthorized bylaw,and that the entire contract
is for th.-it reason voidable, if not absolutely void.
Mr. Speaker, the. provision for the retention of
the possession may bo said to relieve the Govern-
ment frqm the inconveniences which might flow
from a sudden and unexpected sale of a military
site while in actual occupancy for military pur-
poses. I regard the provision as one liable to lay
the foundation of a claim for use and occupation,
and, as one of the terms of sale, consider it emi-
nently calculated to prevent a sale other than to
perhaps a single purchaser, who might have the
requisite capital to buy the property and wait
for an indefinite period for the actual delivery of
possession essential to enable him to realize the
profit of his speculation. Ordinary purchasers
would be unwilling to buy the property at fail-
market prices, pay their money, and then be with-
out right to claim possession of their lands until
the Secretary of War could make new military
dispositions, dispensing with the necessity of a
continued occupation of lands which had been
sold by the Government while they were needed .
for its military uses.
Mr. Speaker, what is the legitimate result of
the views I have expressed? What is the remedy
proposed? It is this: transmit to the Secretary
of War the evidence taken before the committee
ofinvestigation, with such expression of the opin-
ion of the House as it may see fit to utter, to the
end that, in conjunction with the Attorney Gen-
eral, (the law officer and adviser of the Govern-
ment,) he may review the whole transaction m
the light now shed upon it; and if they shall be
of opinion that for any reasons which we may
assign, or for others which shall suggest them-
selves to them, the circumstances of the sale are
such as do not meet their approbation, they may
take or permit recourse to the judicial tribunals of
the country, to the end that the sale may be an-
nulled or confirmed, as justice may require. In
that mode no- injustice will bo done to anyone.
We shall then not essay to depiive the alleged
purchasers of the fruits of their speculation, and j
that without a hearing before a judicial tribunal.
We then need notadopt resolutions which by plain
terms defame the reputation of private citizens,
who aro not on trial before us, and whom we can
only know as claimants of a military site, ac-
quired, as they insist, by valid purchase. The
Secretary of War will have the opportunity of
reviewing the official conduct of the commission-
ers of sale, and of approving or disapproving their
acts, as in his judgment they shall deserve. We
place the responsibility where it belongs. We
devolve upon the executive officers of the Govern-
ment the duty of making a reexamination of the
whole transaction upon its merits as now disclosed,
and under their responsibility to their party, and
their higher responsibility to their country, take
such measures as, upon a careful and conscien-
tious review of all the facts, they shall come to the
conclusion that the public interests require.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The majority and mi-
nority reports in this case, together with the tes-
timony taken by the select committee, have been
before this House for weeks. We have been en-
gaged in their discussion for twelve hours. There
is yet a vast amount of public business to 'he
transacted, and only four days remaining of the
session. It strikes me, under the circumstances, ;
that the discussion ought to be closed. [Cries of j
"Agreed!" from both sides of the House.] I |
take it for granted that every gentleman has made !
up his mind as to how he will vote. I therefore -
call for the previous question; and I hope that the 1
House will sustain it. |
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I appeal to my friend
to allow me to say a word personal to myself. (
Mr. BARKSDALE. IIow much time does j
the gentleman want' j
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Five minutes. ;
Mr. BARKSDALE. I yield to the gentleman ■
with the understanding that I retain the floor. j
Mr. SMITH, ot Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would ;
not have trespassed upon the patience of the :
House were it not that hireling presses have at- i
tempted to impeach my motives in bringing before |
the House the matter now under consideration.
The source whesce such imputations against me
have proceeded are not such that I feel bound to
treat them in any other way than with scorn and
contempt. When my honor and integrity as a
man are impeached from a respectable source, I
shall know how to resent it.
I wish to say only a word in reference to this
Port Snelling investigation. If my nearest and
dearest friend had been occupying the position of
Secretary of War; if the distinguished Senator
from my own State, whom I have known long, and
whose career I hav^always admired, had been in
that position, I would have felt it to be my duty
to call for this investigation. When the resolu-
tion asking for the investigation was presented, I
disclaimed that there was made any charge of
fraud or corruption againstanybody. I believed
then, as I believe now, thata wrong was commit-
ted. It is duo to the Secretary of Wan, and to my-
self, for me to say that I do not believe he acted
corruptly or dishonestly. I believe, sir, that he
was deceived. I am not well acquainted with him.
I am told that he is a good, kind-hearted man. I
have no doubt that in this thing he has been im-
pelled to do what now, with all the facts before
him, he would not do.
I declined going upon the committee, for I did
not know that my feeling might not be too strong,
and that I had not prejudged the case. I knew
enough then to know that the sale was an im-
proper one, and I believed that it ought to be an-
nulled. I did not want to go upon the committee
prejudging the case, and with my mind made up.
j I wanted an investigation of the matter. Many
| of the best Democrats that I knew, men who have
i always been Democrats, urged upon mc the ne-
| cessity of a Democrat calling for this investiga-
tion. We have denounced our opponents forim-
! prtfpcr official conduct-, and I say, sir, that we
' ought not to shrink from a rigid investigation of
all matters that charged improper conduct upon
i a public officer in our own paity.
j I have said that I exonerate the Secretary from
! corrupt or dishonest motives in his act. I am
| bound to say that I think he was unfortunate in
the agents he selected. And let mc say here, for
I have no wish to do injustice to any man—I
would rather steal than detract from the good
name of any man—that I have no doubt of the
honesty and integrity of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, whom he selected to go up there and make
that sale; but I do not think ho had served any
time in a new country, or learned the ropes which
1 are brought to bear in sales of this kind. I have no
doubt that he was an honest and honorable man;
j but I think that his selection was an unfortunate
one. I was introduced to Major Eastman on one
; occasion. I have not seen li'im here, and would
not know him if I saw him. I believe he was born
j in my native State. When I went to the West first
it was not much in a man's favor that he came !
from Yankee-land. But I cannot forget the land
, of my birth, and I believe that the fact of aman's I
I coming from my native State, is prima facie evi-
j dence of his being a clever fellow. I have no un-
kind feeling towards Mr. Eastman. I have been
; told that he is a very fine painter; and I think he
' would have been better employed painting than
selling Government lands. A man may be a dis-
tinguished and eminent military man and have no
financial capacity at all—may be a perfect child,
and wholly unlit to negotiate a sale of public
land.
; T am aware of the diversity of opinion in re-
gard to the valSe of this property; and I am not
surprised at the variety of testimony in regard to
it. But in that connection, I wish to call atten-
tion to one fact: Mr. Steele has testified that soon
after the purchase he sold a portion of the lands
to Mr. Duke, Mr. Wells, and Mr. Prince. Mr.
Duke and Mr. Wells are as sharp men as can be
j found anywhere. They have lived there for a
long time, and know all about this property; and
yet they paid him double what he paid for the
i land. The report does not say that the McKen-
zie house, and the Steele property, were excluded;
| but I would hazard my ears that they are. Mr.
I Matthew Johnson's testimony is worth sorae-
i thing in this connection. He has been appointed
marshal for the northern district of Ohio, and is
properly indorsed. Mr. Prince, one of the pur-
1 chafes s, wanted to sell one twenty-seventh part to
j Mr. Matthew Johnson for $95,000; and he showed
him by figures that he would get $1,400,000 for
the property.
Nov/, I have not an unkind feeling towards the
Secretary, or towards the gentlemen who pur-
chased this property. I cannot be driven from
the principles ot the Democratic party. I was a
Democrat when I offered the resolution; I am
now, and, God willing, I will die a Democrat. I
am in favor of the resolution of the gentleman
from New York exonerating the Secretary from
the charge of corruption, and of the resolution to
annul the sale. I thank the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi for granting me his indulgence.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to occupy
the floor for a few minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. I object. I want to make a
speech myself, but I think we have had talk
enough.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If I yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, I will have to yield to others.
I insist on the previous question.
Mr. PETTI T. I hope the House will consent
to let my colleague on the committee [Mr. Mor-
ris, of Illinois] be heard. In consequence of ill
health, he was unable to reply, yesterday, to the
arguments on the other side, and it is a matter of
justice to him that he should be heard now.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We have had enough
discussion upon this subject. I insist oil my de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 109, noes 27; and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Speaker, the House hav-
ing ordered the main question, and my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Morris, of Illinois] de-
siring to be heard, I now cheerfully yield him a
portion of my time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to that.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Speaker, I propose, then,
coming at once to the matter which has been un-
der discussion in the House. This transaction,
in my judgment, has been correctly characterized
in the resolutions reported by the majority of the
i committee. If, before the scrutiny and criticism
; which its report has just undergone, I had al-
| lowed myself, at any time, to doubt the propriety
of its conclusions, the manner in which it has
j stood this ordeal has left me without doubt. The
| act" by which the important military position of
j Port Snelling, and the military reserve of sev-
i eral thousand acres belonging to it, was lately so
1 silently and so strangely disposed of from public
I into private ownership, is utterly indefensible. It
I cannot be defended in law or morals, on princi-
| pie, policy, or usage; nor even, if the right or
wrong of the transaction is of no consequence,
I can it be defended on the consideration pressed
! by the minority of the committee—that the Gov-
; ernment has lost no advantage by it. It is wrong
[throughout. No man can defend it. I mean just
| what I have said; but, since the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Pattlkkkr] was pleased, on yes-
terday, to sound, for the first time in this connec-
tion, the clarion note of party, and call a muster
of his political friends to join lum in opposition
to the action proposed by the committee, I am
not at liberty to say, in recollection of what has
j sometimes come undermyobservationhere, when
I it is submitted to the arbitrament of a vote—that
| final arbitrament to which all of us here must sub-
mit—that it will not be defended by force of party
numbers. Let there bo no mistake about it. The
apparent indignation that moved the gentleman
, from Virginia to impute party reasons for the
; action of the committee in connection with this
I inquiry, was not because so grave an lmpeach-
i ment was deserved, for at this very threshold I
; repel it; but was dramatic only, and meant, be-
| cause it implied that the Administration was at-
] tacked by its political enemies, that it should bo
' defended by its political friends. It is a strata-
j gem, only, to avoid a judgment of the case; and
substitute in place of it a numerical count of polit-
! ical friends.
' It is hardly necessary to say that this commit-
; tee acted under the immediate authority of the
| House, was charged with specified duties, and that
its members were obliged by the same official re-
| sponsibilities. No one was more important than
| any other member of the committee; and I submit
I that it has hardly been decorous in the gentleman
