m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. HUGHES. 1 will yield for that purpose.
Mr. MAY.NARD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ENGLISH. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee will withdraw his motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Since the yeas and nays
have been ordered, I withdraw it.
Mr. HUGHES. I regret that the hour rule,
which was established here in 1840, precludes all
discussion, where it is necessary to refer to au-
thorities. It takes too long. But, sir, I must be
permitted to say that most of the remaining prop-
ositions to which I designed to call the attention
of the House, are fully covered, and much more
ably presented than could possibly be done by
me, in the message of the President, which has
just been read in the hearing of the House.
In reference to the law under which the con-
vention which framed the Lecompton constitu-
tion was called, I have a few remarks to make.
The law is almost a transcript of the "Toombs
billfair in alt its provisions. It is almost a tran-
script of that great measure of pacification upon
which the author of the Kansas bill and the entire
Democratic party of the country stand committed.
Sir, for the execution of that law the faith of the
Government is pledged, and no man doubts that
the people of Kansas would have carried it out in
perfect peace and safety, if they had all partici-
pated in the election of the convention which made
their constitution. But, sir, they did not do so;
and why? A registry was to be made, and these
people, acting in pursuance of a plan of organiza-
tion which commenced far back m the canvass
of 1856, refused even to allow themselves to be
registered.
But nineteen counties, it is said, were disfran-
chised. Yes, sir, and the question of fact has been
raised upon this floor in regard to the matter. If
gentlemen who are so industrious in searching
the official records, to cut out a sentence here and
there, used by Governor Walker, had consulted
the public documents upon the subject, they would
have found an answer to that matter.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman re-
fers to certain facts in regard to the disfranchise-
ment of counties. I am now* here prepared, from
a copy of the territorial laws, to show that the
statement to which he refers is full of errors, and
that but one of the allegations contained in that
statement is true. I have the book now with me;
and if the gentleman will permit me, in two min-
utes I will point out to him twelve errors con-
tained in eleven lines.
Mr. HUGHES. I will do it upon one condi-
tion. Will the gentleman from Ohio answer me
a question? The Supreme Court of the United
States having decided, as he understands, and
as the country understands, as you and 1, Mr.
Speaker, understand, that the Constitution car-
ries slavery into the Territories, is the gentleman,
in good faith, willing to abide by that decision and
carry it out ? *
Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will not answer
any question which is not. pertinent to this4 ques-
tion: but as the gentleman refers to circumstances
involving a question of veracity, I am prepared
to show, by a document which the gentleman ac-
knowledges as the law of Kansas, that the state-
ment upon which he relies, and upon winch gen-
tlemen upon the other side have impugned the
integrity and veracity of Governor Walker, is un-
true.
Air. HUGHES. The gentleman stands in the
most favorable position—the position of a law-
yer, who makes a statement which he knows can-
not 1)0 admitted in evidence, for the purpose of
having an effect upon the mmdsof the jury. Hav-
ing had the benefit of his offer,! leave han there.
I can excuse him from answering my question,
because he has already answered it. 1 find in the
Appendix of the Congressional Globe, third ses-
sion, Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 108, the fol-
lowing:
" Mr. Engmsh. I a«k the gentleman farther, if the Su-
preme Com t of the United States should decide that the
Constitution does carry -slavery into the TenUoue , will he
acquiesce m that decision r
•♦Mr. Sherman. I answer, yes."
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will i*espond if
the gentleman desires, but I will not interfere un-
less the gentleman consents.
Mr. HUGHES. That gentleman declined to
yield mc the floor the other day to put a question.
I yield to gentlemen who yield to me, and I may
say that there has been no over-courtesy extended
to me in this House, up to this time.
I say that Governor Walker and Secretary Stan-
ton ha\'e said'in their official statements that the
population of those nineteen counties was very
sparse, and that the execution of the registry law
was prevented, to a great extent, by the local
agents and the people. But, nevertheless, the pop-
ulation was sparse. If the gentleman's proposed
correction was upon the point that those counties
were attached to other counties, I admit that they
were attached for legislative purposes, and not for
convention purposes. Sir, nine thousand voters
were registered, but only two thousand voted.
Where were the other seven thousand? Were
they disfranchised ? They were doing precisely
what their compeers did on the day of the elec-
tion on the 21st of December—they were carrying
out that unlawful conspiracy by which they bound
themselves by an awful oath, under military or-
ganization, to resist the laws and the Constitution
of the United States, and to set up, in defiance of
them, a government uf their own.
Gentlemen talk about troubles in Kansas. I
could, if time allowed, go back and tracc the whole
of this Sharpe's rifle matter from beginning to end,
and show that to this day they are enrolled in
brigades and companies, with their officers, col-
onels and generals, and required to be dealt with
accordingly. I say that no man ought to be
treated with by the Government, while he retains
the attitude of rebellion, and I say that the Pres-
ident of the United States has, in his message,
struck the key-note of this whole matter, and it
will find an enthusiastic response in the hearts of
the people. It is rebellion, rebellion alone that
has caused all these difficulties.
Talk about freedom and free constitutions! You
say you are opposed to the extension of slavery.
If we could agree upon the meamngof the terms,
1 could possibly agree with gentlemen. What is
slavery, and what is freedom? It has been said
that " he is a freeman whom the truth makes free,
and all beside are slaves." Now, there is the
slavery of the bondman, and of the black man,
but that is nothing to the slavery of the soul,
which bows in absolute subjection man's nobler
powers; and I say of the blackest negro beneath
a southern sun, that, though his body may be en-
slaved, his mind may be free; and that, while he
toils under the lash of the overseer, if endowed
with capacity, his mind may converse with the
sublimest truths of science and philosophy.
I say that an individual who is bound by such
an oath as that to which I have referred,is bound
by that which destroys the individual, and sub-
jects him to a slavery that conquers the soul. I
would say to those men who howl about African
slavery, before you go to' the South to strike off
the fetters of the slave, uncoil from around your
own hearts the cankering chains which your own
folly and fanaticism have riveted there.
You talk about devotion to freedom. I say you
may show your devotion to freedom much better
by maintaining free institutions already estab-
lished, than by clamoring about those yet unborn.
I could review the history of the recent canvass
of a party which filled the country with appeals
against their own government, a party that main-
tained that because a small State had two Sena-
tors, and a large State had only two, therefore
the Constitution of the United States was wrong;
a party that made war upon the free Constitution
which spreads its ample folds over thirty millions
of white people, and bestowed all its affections
upon a miserable instrument of rebellion designed,
as they pretended, to protect the people of a single
Territory.
I was going on to show the position which those
people occupied. Governor Walker, in his offi-
cial report, says:
" The difficulties m this Teuitory are not yet adjusted,
and, without the Mibim-* inn of the constitution to the poo-
ple, a peaceful settlement h entire!} impracticable. There
i? still a co'i-iderahle party m Kansas who will resi&t the
adoption ot the constitution, howetcr framed, upon the
giound &o long occupied by them, that the Territorial Le
gislature winch called this convention was elected by voters
of another State, (as they allege,) and not by the people of
Kansas."
That was the ground they occupied before the
convention met and before the delegates to it were
elected. These men were pledged then not to rec-
ognize anything the convention might do, and to
refuse to adopt the constitution it might frame,
on the ground that they would not recognize the
territorial government of Kansas. Well,"sir, they
were warned by Governor Walker upon that sub-
ject, and 1 commend these sentences of his to the
attention of gentlemen with whom he has become
a great and shining light:
" The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authority known to the Constitution, to participate freely
and fairly m the election of delegates to frame a constitu-
tion and State government. The iaw has performed its en-
tire appiopriate function when it extends to the people the
right of suffrage ; but it cannot compel the performance of
that duty Throughout our whole Union, however, and
wherever free government prevails, those who abstain from
the exercise of the right of suffrage authorize those who do
vote to act for them in that contingency, and the absentees
are as much hound, under the law and Constitution,where
there is no fraud or violence, by the act of the majority of
tho=e who do vote, as if all had participated m the election.
Otherwise, as voting must be voluntary, self-government
would be impracticable, and monarchy or despotism would
lemaiti as the only alternative.
" You should not console yourselves, my fellow-citizens,
with the reflection that you may, by a subsequent vote,
defeat the ratification of the constitution."
That was the flattering unction they were lay-
ing to their souls. Why? Because they wanted
this very contingency to arise, that Kansas should
be knocking at the door of Congress with a slave
constitution, so that they might have food for
agitation. But Mr. Walker goes on:
"Although most anxious to secure to you the exercise of
that great constitutional right, and believing that the con-
vention is the servant, and not the master of the people,
yet I hace no power to dictate the proceedings of that body."
Ah! but they say they-^ere assured that the
constitution should be* submitted to the people. I
tell you, sir, Mr. Walker said it was his opinion
that it would be; and he said, too, that if it was
not so submitted, it ought to be rejected by Con-
gress; but he told these men that the convention
had the absolute authority to submit the consti-
tution to the people, which implies the authority
to withhold it, and he warned them not to rely
on the privilege of a subsequent vote. He told
them that he could not, and that the President
could not, dictate the proceedings of the conven-
tion. And now they come here,and say that they
had no chance to vote. Where were they when
the delegates to that convention were elected ?
They say they had no chance to vote in the elec-
tion of the 21st of December because the full
constitution was not submitted. Why, sir, they
had a chance to make the constitution; to con-
struct it from the preamble to the end; but they
had fully, deliberately, and defiantly committed
themselves against it, and declined to have any-
thing whatever to do with the proceeding. And
' now they come here claiming to be the people of
: fiansas. Cut we had an ilJustr/Uion yesterday of
! what these men are driving at. They want the
i Topcka constitution. They have sent resolutions
hero recommending the Topeka constitution; and
; what do they ask? Do they propose that that
constitution shall be submitted to the people?
; By no means; not at all.
! I omitted, in my argument, some minutes ago,
to show that Mr. Seward, of New York, offered
an amendment to the Toombs bill, which pro-
posed that Kansas should come into the Union
after certain propositions had been accepted by
the Legislature. That amendment, I believe, re-
ceived the vote of the whole-Republican party in
the Senate. It is as follows:
" Jlndhe itfurther cnacted, That the following propositions
be, and the same are hereby, offeied to the State of Kansas
fin the free acceptance or rejection by the Legislature of
said State, which, it accepted by the same, shall be obliga-
tory on the United States and upon the State of Kansas, to
wit.  
From this it appears that the Republican party
recognize the power of a Legislature to make terms
for admission into the Union. This is going be-
yond even a convention, and falls far short of a
vote of the people. Here is one of the resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, presented here yes-
terday, which no more requires a vote of the peo-
ple on their constitution than the Cincinnati plat-
form:
u Resolved, That the people of Kansas Territoiy claim
the light, through a legal and fair expression of the will of
& majority of her citizens, to form and adopt a constitution
for themselves."
[Here the hammer fell.]
