1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
[APPENDIX.
I hereappend thegeneral orders of Lane's Kan-
sas volunteers:
GENERAL ORDER NO J.
Headquarters Kansas Volunteers,
(For the piotection of the ballot-box,)
Lawrence. July 18, lt>57.
To the People of Kansas: The convention at Topeka,
on the 15th instant, passed the following resolution:
"Resolved, That General James H. Lane be appointed
by this convention, and authored to oijr.unze the people
in the several district's to protect the ballot-boxes at the
approaching elections tri Kansas.''
Now, therefore, m puisuance of the authority thus vested
in me, [ do earnestly icqucst the people of Kansas to form
companies m their vanous neighborhoods, towns, and set-
tlements, and eveiy man enroll himself m some one of the
same; that when each company shall contain not less than
thirty, nor moie than eighty men, it electa captain, one first
and one second lieutenant, two sergeants, and two corpo-
rals ; and that it make a perfect and complete roll of all its
officers and men in accordance with the piintedform which
will be transmitted from this office.
It is also desirable, and I hereby request that the captain
of each company shall require a registiy to be made ot all
persons in bis neighborhood, town, or settlement, if any
such there be, who shall refuse to enroll himself m said
company, and transmit the same, with his company's roll,
to this office.
When the aforesaid rolls shall be received, commissions
for the officers will be piomptly forwarded, after which re-
quisitions for arms, signed by the company's officers, may
be sent to the office of the quartermaster general.
Kansas expects eveiy man to do his duty m this matter.
The time has come for thorough oiganizatton and efficient
action. The despotism which has been forced upon us must
be overthrown. We must look to the ballot-box as the in-
strumentality of our disinthrallment, and prepare to defend
that ballot-box at any and every sacrifice against any and
every attempt to violate its integrity.
The general staff, as organized this dav, consist* of M.
F. Conway, adjutant general; E. B. Whitman, quarter-
master general, and William A. Phillips, commissaiy gen-
eral, each with an office m tins city.
Correspondence may be conducted with any of these offi-
cers, and information, at all tunes, obtained liom them m
the line of their respective duties.
Sigued at the office of the adjutant general this day.
J II. LANE, Commanding.
By M. F. CONWAY, Militant General, K. V.
GENERAL ORDER No. 2.
Headquarters Kansas Volunteers,
(Foi the protection of the ballot-box,)
Lawrence, July 20, 1857.
Whereas, the people of Kansas, in convention, at To-
peka, on the 15th instant, did adopt the following resolu-
tion :
" Resolved, That General James H. Lane be appointed
by this convention, and authorized to organize the people
iu theseveial districts to protect the ballot-boxes at the
approaching elections in Kansas;"
Now, therefore, in pursuance of the authority thus vested
in me, and in order to facilitate the accomplishment of the
object thus set forth, 1 do heieby establish divisions and
brigades, and appoint ^superintendents of enrollment for the
same, with instructions as follow^, to wit:
divisions.
First division. Commencing at the mouth of the Kansas
river, thence by the nvei west to a point where a line
between range seventeen and eighteen eio^es the same ;
thence south following said line to the line snpaiating town-
ships twenty-two and twenty-thiee south ; thence east,
following the said hue to the line between l.uigc twenty-one
and twenty-two east; thence south, to the southern bound-
ary of Kansas ; thence ea^t, to the Mi^soini State line ;
thence north? along said line to the place oi beginning.
Second division. Shall comprise all that distuct of coun-
try lying west of the first division, and south of the Kansas
river.
Third division. Commencing at the mouth of the Kansas
river, up the main channel of the Missouri river to a point
where the base or boundary line between Kansas and Ne-
braska terminates at tne same; thence south, following the
line between ranges eighteen and nineteen, to the Kansas
river; thence down the main channel of said river, to the
place of beginning.
Fourth division. Shall c&mpn«e all the region of country
lying west of the third dnv ion and north of the Kansas river.
[Ilere follow the details of the several brigades and divis-
ions.]
In addition to the above, the superintendents of enroll-
ment are requested to visit all other places within their re-
spective limits, and to take Mich steps, wheiever they go,
as may be necessary to >ccuie the eniohment of the people
into companies, as per geneial ouler No. 1, herewith trans-
mitted. They are also jequested to pioceed at oncc to the
performance of then duties.
The brigade superintendents will report with dispatch to
the superintendents of th"ii rp^pecfivi* divisions, and the
latter will repoit to the adjutant geneial immediately upon
the completion ot their woik.
Signed at the office of the adjutant general this day.
J. II. LANE, Or°anizin<>.
M. F. CONWAY, Adjutant General, K. F.]
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will thegentleman
from Pennsylvania yield me the floor?
Mr. GROW. For what purpose?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to move an
amendment to the resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes.]
Mr. GROW. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SEWARD. { object, unless the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yields the floor uncondition-
ally. I object to this farming out of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemanfrom Georgia
objects, unless the gentleman from Pennsylvania
yields the floor unconditionally.
[Cries of "Withdraw the objection!"]
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the objection, so
that we may see the intimacy existing between
the gentleman from Illinois and gentlemen on the
Republican side of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
the resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Indiana, by striking out all after the word " re-
solved/' and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That the message of the President concerning the con-
stitution fiamed at Lecotnpton, in the Terntoiy of Kansas,
by a convention of delegates thereof, and the papers ac-
companying the same, be referred to a select committee
of thirteen, to be appointed by the Speaker. N
That the said committee be instructed to inquire into
all the facts connected with the formation of said constitu-
| lion and the laws, if any, under which the same was origin-
ated ; and whether such laws have been complied with
and followed.
Whether said constitution piovides for a republican
form of government, and whether there are included with-
in the pioposed boundaries of Kansas sufficient popula-
tion to be entitled to a Representative in tins House, upon
tl*; basis now fixed by law; and whether said constitution
is acceptable and satisfactory to a majority of the legal
voters of Kansas.
Also, the number of votes cast, if any, arid when, in favoi
of a convention to form a constitution as aforesaid, and the
places where they were cast, and the number cast at each
place of voting and in each county in the Territory.
The appointment of delegates to said convention, among
the different counties and «lection districts r f said Territory,
and the census or regulation under which the same was
made, and whether the same w.asju tand fair, or in com-
pliance with law.
The names of the delegates to said convention, and the
number of votes cast lor each candidate for delegate, and the
places where cast, and whether said constitution leceived
the votes of a majouty of the delegates to said convention. '
The number ot votes cast in said Tetritory on the 21st of
Decembei last, foi and against such constitution, and for and
against any parts or features tbeieof, and the number so
cast at each place of voting in said Tanitory,
The numbei of votes cast m said Territory on thi 4th da,*
of Jaimaty last, for and against said constitution, and for and
against any pruts or leatuies thereof, and the number so cast j
at each place of voting in said Tenitoiy.
The numbei of votes cast in said Ten itory on the day last
named foi any State and legislative ofTiceis thereof, and the
numbpr so cast for each candidate for such offices, and the
places where cast. 5
That said committee also ascertain, as nearly as possible,
what portion, if any, of the votes so cast at any of the times
and places aforesaid, were fraudulent or illegal.
Whether any portion, and if so. what portion, of the
people of Kansas are m open rebellion against the laws of
the country.
And that said committee have power to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. GROW then resumed the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will yield the floor for that
purpose, I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I will do so, if it be the pleasure
of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
six o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 3, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
explain an entry on the Journal. The Army bill
was under consideration as a special order yes-
terday, when a message was received from the
President of the United States, which was read
by general consent at that time, and a motion was
made to refer it, which consumed the remainder
of the day, and the Senate adjourned on it. Under
the circumstances, no order having been made in
regard to the special order which was under con-
sideration when the message was received, the
Chair directed an entry that it was <( postponed
until to-morrow." If there be no objection, that
order will stand on the Journal.
The Journal was approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a memorial of a num-
ber of persons styling themselves Hollanders,
adopted citizens of Michigan, praying an appro-
priation for completing the impiovement of Black
Lake harbor in that State, and compensation for ]
the Holland eolony pile driver, which was lost!
i with a portion of the pier erected in the waters
I of Lake Michigan; which was referred to die
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California in favor of a mail
route from San Francisco toPetalumna, and from
thence to Humboldt and Trinity; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on; the Post Office and
Post Roads. #
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California in favor of a tri-monthly mail
between San Francisco and Crescent City, by
steamers; also, between Crescent City and Yreka,
and Trinidad and Yreka; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Morrisania, New York, praying that the pub-
lic lands may be laid out in farms or lots, for 'he
free and exclusive use of settlers not possessed of
other lands; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Hubbell, inventor of a new and useful
improvement in eccentric explosive shells, pray-
ing for compensation for an infringement of his
patent; which was referred to the Committee oh
Military Affairs and Militia-.
Mr. 1VERSON presented a memorial of offi-
cers of the first and second regiments of dragoons,
and of the regiment of mounted riflemen, praying
for such an amendment of the laws creating the
five regiments of mounted troops, as will make
them one corps; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DURfCEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Puidenee Couch, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 119) for
thd-relief of the officers and soldiers of the Army
who w«rs stationed at Foit Kearny, Nebraska
Territory, previous ,othe ist day of March, 1853;
which was read twice by its title,and nTeired to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
REPRESENTATION OF THE NEW STATES.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered fry unanimous Con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiuciedto inquire into the constitutionality and expedi-
ency of a law allowing the new States t>u«h increased rep-
resentation in Confess a*? their piesent population would
entitle them to under the apportionment of 1850.
OFFICERS OF THE TEXAS NAVY".
Mr, HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish, for the infoirnation of the Senate, a full state-
ment exhibiting such action as has been had in In-. Depart-
ment jn relation to the appropriation of five yeais' pay to
the officers, of the navy of the late Republic of Texas, em-
bracing,
1. The names of the persons who hive been paid under
the act rcferted to; the amount to each, and the nature of
the evidence on which payment was livedo.
2. A copv of ins decision in the ca>e ot Captain John G.
Tod, of said navy, together with a copy of ail the paper3
upon which said decision was founded.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the report of ihe Court of
Claims on the claim of Samtici C. Roid andotliers,
officers and crew of the private armed brig Gen-
eral Armstrong, asked to be discharged from its
farther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John Hughes, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of John Pope, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also,from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of William K.Itennon, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the report ->f tha
