542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Court of Claims on the claim of David Myerle,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.No.
3 20) for the relief of David' Myerle. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported from the
Court of Claims the 28th of July, 1856, for the
relief of Sturges.Bennett & Co., merchants of the
city of New York, with the opinion of the court
on the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 121) with-
out amendment, and submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed. The- bill was
read, and passed to a second reading.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives, to the joint resolu-
tion ( S. No. 4 ) to extend the operation of the act,
approved January 16, 1857, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 4 An act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy,' " have had the same under
consideration, and direct me to report it back with
a recommendation that it be concurred in with an
amendment. The amendment proposed by the
committee is a verbal one, striking out one date,
and putting- in another to make it accord with the
true date of an act. If there be no objection, I axk
that it be acted on now so that it may go back to
the House.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which is to add, at the end of the
resolution:
" Except as to any case pending, undetermined, before
any com t of inquiry under the act of the 17th of Januarj,
18o7. at the expiration thereof."
The Committee on Naval Affairs propose to
amend the amendment, by striking out " seven-
teenth" and inserting "sixteenth."
Mr. MALLORY. The act was approved on
the IGth of January, 1857, and not on the 17th.
The amendment is to make the recital conform to
the real date.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs whether he considers the
amendment vital.
]\Jr. MALLORY. I do certainly. The amend-
ment of the House of Representatives lefers to
an act which was passed on the 16th of January.
The real date is the 17th of January, 1857.
Mr. DAVIS. It will delay, and possibly de-
feat action on the resolution, to send it back to
the House of Representatives, though there can
be no objection to having the date corrected if
they can get it considered in the other House;
but the machinery of that budy may defeat ac-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the chairman of the com-
mittee what the amendment is?
Mr. MALLORY. The House of Represent-
atives, in adding an amendment to the resolution,
have recited a bill as passed on the 17th of Jan-
uary, 1857, whcieas it was passed on the 16th.
This is a mistake as to the date of the bill. In
the House a motion was made to amend it. but it
was not allowed. It may be an important amend-
ment or not; I leave that to the Senate to say.
Mr. CLAY. I would inquire of tlie Senator
whether the description of the act does not desig-
nate it sufficiently?
Mr. MALLORY. Let the Secretary read the
amendment, and the Senate can see.
The Secretary read the resolution and amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as the House amend-
ment does not give any other description of the
act except its date, I consider the amendment of
our committee indispensable to give it any force.
If it had recited the act by its title, and then given
a wrong date, n would be sufficient; but it has
given you no reference to the act at all except its
ddte. When you come to refer to the matter, you
find no act of that date.
Mr. IVERSON. That may be true, but there
is no such act as the act of the 17th of January,
l£>57, and, therefore, the amendment of the House
of Representatives is perfectly nugatory. It re-
fers to an act which is not m existence. The act
in existence was passed on the lfJth and not on
the 17th. If the House amendment refers to an act
not in existence, of course the amendment passes
for nothing, and it cannot accomplish or affect
anything. It is useless, therefore, to amend that
which, in itself, is nothing at all; and as it may
endanger the passage of the whole resolution by
sending it back to the House of Representatives,
I trust the amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs will not be adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the amendment of the
committee is wholly unimportant, because the de-
scription of the act is sufficient. I believe it only
covered one case, and that probably has taken a
direction now that makes the amendment unne-
cessary. That I understand to be the fact, so
that the amendment becomes wholly immaterial,
and it has nothing to operate upon, even if it were
operative. I think we had better defeat this
amendment, and concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives as it comes here.
Mr. MALLORY. I differ with the Senator,
unless he has some information that I have not.
j I have made inquiries on the subject, and I think
there is one case that will be reached by this
j amendment, and to reach that case the amend**
I ment ought to be made. It is a case where an
I" officer is raised from the dropped list to the leave
list.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affaus whether he
considers the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives an important amendment? If it is, it
seems to me that it cannot be effective unless we
change the date.
Mr. MALLORY. I do consider it of conse-
quence. When the time of the courts was up,
and they were about to be disbanded, there were
two cases pending and undetermined, which the
House of Representatives desired to embrace,
j They added the amendment to our joint resolu-
i tion, to embrace those two cases. It is now
I important to embrace only one of those cases,
| because in the other the court declined to make a
| change; they left the officer where they found him.
I But to embrace that one case, I think the arnend-
ij ment of the House of Representatives is import-
I j ant; and inasmuch as that amendment, in referring
jj to the act, refers to it wrongly, I think it is im-
! portant to make it right in that respect.
|j Mr. POLK. It is very clear it docs not affect
| ] the act as it now stands, unless the date be changed.
II The amendment of the committee was agreed
ij to.
j! The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
j' is on concurring in the amendment of the House
ij of Representatives, as amended.
]i Mr. PESSENDEN. 1 wish to ask whether it
;! is in order further to amend it?
|j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
jj U Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senate
:i a further amendment which I wish to make. As
!; the resolution has passed both Houses, of course
i' I have no desire to interfere with it, or defeat it.
j! I said what I Seemed it my duty to say m regard
ii to it before it passed this body. There is another
jj case, howevci, which I wish to meet, and which
|' 1 think justice to the parties interested requires
\'. should be mot and provided for; and that is, the
L case of a person who was absent at sea at the time
' of the passage of the original act of 1857, and has
j1 not returned to this country up to the present time.
|; The original act limited the date of applications,
1 i if I recollect aright, to one year from its passage.
|: It extended the privilege ol a trial before a court
jj of inquiry to all who should apply within one
I! year from the date of the passage of that act. At
'! that period, one individual, an officer formerly in
!j the Navy, and, I believe, a very meritorious offi-
;| cer, supposing that he was out of the Navy, had
jj accepted the command of a merchant vessel, and
i1 gone to the E-ist Indies. Ho lias not been in the
!| country, or able to return to it, to take any steps
j1 with reference to his restoration to the Navy since
the passage of the act.
j; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
; suspend his remarks. It becomes the duty of the
;] Chasr to cull up the unfinished business of yester-
,j day, winch comes up at this hour,
j; Mr. FEiiSEXDEN. If the whole matter goes
: j over, I am willing to f-top heie till to-monow. In
the mean time, 1 can reuuee mv pioposedamend-
;' ment to writing.
ij KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
! fer the President's message, received yesterday,
to the Committee on Territories, is the business
now before the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Was that made the special
order for this morning ?
The "VJCJE PRESIDENT. It takes its place
asaspecial order by being the unfinished busi-
ness when the Senate adjourned yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to offer the follow-
ing amendment to the proposition to refer the
message to the Committee on Territories:
And that the committee he instructed to ascertain the
number ot votes given at each county in the Territory upon
the question of calling a convention to form a constitution ;
to inquire into the appointment of delegates to the conven-
tion, and the census and registration muter which the same
was made, and whether the same was in compliance with
law ; the number of votes cabt for each candidate for dele-
gate to the convention, and the places wheie cast, and
whether said constitution received the votes of a majority
of the delegates to said convention ; the number of votes
ca«t m said Territory on the 91st of December last, for and
against said constitution, and for and against any paits there-
of, and the number so cast at each place of voting; the num-
ber of votes cast on the 4th day of January last, for and
against said constitution, and the number so cast at each
place of voting; the numbei of votes cast on the 4th day of
January last for any State and legislative officers thereof,
and the number so cast for each candidate for such offices,
and the places where cast; and that said committee also
ascertain, as neaily as possible, what portion, if any, of the
vote-5 .so ca-u at any of the times and places aforesaid were
fiaudulent or illegal; and that said committee have power
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. IVERSON. I was under the impression
that as the Senate adjourned on this question with-
out making it a special order, it would not come
up before one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will ex-
plain to the Senator that there were two special
orders assigned for half past twelve o'clock to-
day, one of which would be called up; but this
subject, being the unfinished business, takes its
place at the head of the special orders, and comes
up at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a report from
a committee. Will the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts yield me the floor for that purpose ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom his memorial was
referred, to report a bill (S. No. 122) for the re-
lief of Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones. As
the bill is a very short one, and has twice already
parsed the Senate, once on full debate a year ago,
and as Commodore Jones is a gallant old sailor,
and is now sick, and may not live a great while,
I ask that the bill may be put on its passage at
once.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will be considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be read the first and second
time.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to allow to Commodore Jones the pay of
which he was deprived by the decision of a court-
martial in the year 1851,with a proviso that this act
is not to be construed into an expression of opin-
ion upon the organization, conduct, or decision
of that court.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How much
does the bill appropriate?
Mr. BIGGS. Is there any report accompany-
ing the bill ?
Mr. HALE. There is none; but I will state
what the facts are. Commodore Jones was put
on trial by a court-martial, and sentenced to be
suspended five years; two and a half years with-
out pay. At the end of two years the sentence
was remitted. In consideration of the very gal-
lant services of Commodore Jones, and of his age
and health, the committee have agreed to report
this bill without going into the question whether
the court-martial was legal or illegal, leaving that
an open question, but simply giving the old Com-
modore the two years' pay of which he was de-
P'Mr. STUART. I object to the bill.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Michigan ob-
jects too late. The bill had the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to he put on its passage, and
was read on that unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that the Senator from New Hampshire asked the
unanimous consent of the Senate to let the bill
