590
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1 ],
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the Untied States.
Chap. CXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Dr.
Ferdinand O. Miller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and required to audit and settle the account of
Doctor Ferdinand 0. Miller, and allow him the
. pay of an assistant surgeon in the Army from the
sixth day of July, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, to the twenty-eighth day of February, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-seven, both days inclusive,
in full for his services as surgeon and assistant
surgeon during the late war with Mexico, deduct-
ing therefrom the amount paid the said Dr. Miller
as a private soldier during the same specified time.
Approved, June"8, 1858.
Chap. CXXIX,—An Actfor the Relief of Thomas
Hasam and B. S. Brewster.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is heieby, authorized and required to
audit and settle the accounts of Thomas Hasam
and B. S. Brewster, for services as inspectors of
hulls and boilers, a.t New Orleans, in the State
ofLouisiana,and to allow them their regular com-
pensation from the date of their appointment as
if they had been sworn and properly qualified.
Approved, June 8, 1853.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs of Richard Tarvin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America i/i Congress
assembled, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay
to the heirs of Richard Fan-en, alias Richard
Tarvin, who was a friendly Creek Indian m the
war of eighteen hundred and thirteen and four-
teen, the sum of six hundred dollars, for losses
sustained by said Richard Farren, or Richard
Tarvin, during said war, the said sum to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act for the Relief of John
B. Roper.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmeyic a in Congress
assembled, Thai the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and required to pay to
John B. Roper, in addition to the sum already
paid him, the sum of three hundied dollars for
services performed on mail route number thirteen
thousand three ljundred and thirty-six.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXXIL—An Act for the Relief of Cor-
nelius IX. Latham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authoiized and directed to al-
low and pay Cornelius H. Latham, of the State
of New York, an invalid pensioner, the sum of
eight dollars per month during his natural life,
in lieu of the pension now allowed him by law,
to commence on the twenty-fifth day of February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Wyatt Griffith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of WyattOriffith, of Tennessee, on the
invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the 20th of June, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and pay him at
that rate during the term of his natural life.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
Chap. CXXXY.—An Act to increase the Pen-
sion ofHenryE. Read, a citizen of Kentucky,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the half pension heretofore al-
lowed to Henry E. Read, of the State of Ken-
tucky, a non-commissioned officer in the Mexi-
can war, be, and the same is hereby, raised to
thirteen dollars a month.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That the benefits accruing to the said
Henry E. Read, under and by virtue of this act,
shall commence March third, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and continue for and during his
natural life.
Approved, June 9,1858.
Chap. CXXXVI.-An Act for the Relief of
Michael A. Davenport, of Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Michael A. Davenport, of Illinois, on
the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, and pay him a pension, at said
rate, from the fifth day of March, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, during his nat-
ural life.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
Chap. CXXXVII.—An Act granting an Invalid !
Pension to Alexander S. Bean, of Pennsylva- j
nia. [
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- \
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress \
assembled, That the Secietary of the Interior be '
authorized and directed to place the name of Al- ,
exander S. Bean, of the State of Pennsylvania, !
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight |
dollars per month, and pay him at that rate from i
the twenty-ninth day of May, eighteen hundred !
and fifty-six, during his natural life.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
Ciiap. CXXXV1II.—An Act for the Relief of
Stephen Fellows. !
Be it enacted by the Serfike and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cong) ess
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Stephen Fellows on the invalid pen-
sion list, at the rate of four dollars per month,
from the twentieth day of January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, and continue during life.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Eli-
jah Close, of Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Intenor be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the name of Elijah Close, of Washington county,
Tennessee, on the list of invalid pensioners, at
the rate of eight dollais per month, to commence
on the third day ot December, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, and to continue during his natural
life.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
Ciiap. CXL.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to Conrad Scbroeder.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
authorized and directed to place the name of Con-
rad Schroeder, who was a captain in the c< Lou-
isville Legion" during the war with Mexico, on
the invalid pension roll, and pay him a pension
at the rate of thirteen dollars and thirty-three
cents per rsonth, commencing on the twenty-sec-
ond day of January, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, and continuing during life.
Approved, June 9,1858.
Ciiap. CXLI.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to James Fugate, of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, instructed to place the name of
James Fugate, of the State of Missouri, upon the
roll of invalid pensioners, and pay him a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, instead of
four dollars per month, the amount he now re-
ceives; said pension to commence on the fourth
day of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, June 9,1858.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Harriet O. Reid, executrix of the late Brevet
Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the United States
Army.
Be, it enacted .by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Mrs. Harriet 0. Reid, executrix of the late
Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the United
States Army, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of one thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars, being the
amount claimed to be due the estate of the said
Brevet Colonel Fanning, as commissions of two
and a half per cent, upon the sum of fifty thou-
sand dollars disbursed by him in eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-seven and eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, at the United States arsenal, in
Augusta, Georgia.
Approved, June 9,1858.
Chap. CXLIIL—An Act for the Relief of Gard-
ner a,nd Vincent, and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed, upon the production
of satisfactory evidence, to audit and settle the
several accounts of Gardner and Vincent, A. S.
Gardner, A. F. Holmes, G. B. Murphy, C. C.
Carlton, N. E. Crittenden, O. A. Brooks and
Company, and W. Bingham and Company, for
goods, et C6t[e]r«, furnished the United States
marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio, during the
superintendency of John Coon, and to pay the
amounts found to be due, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 9,1858.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act for the Relief of Keep,
Bard and Company, J. Caulfield, and Joseph
Landis and Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the attorney of the United States
for the eastern district of Louisiana, be, and he
is hereby, authorized to enter satisfaction of the
judgment rendered by the district court of the
United States for the eastern district of Louisi-
ana, on or about the.twenty-first day of January,
A. D. eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, in favor
of the United States against Keep, Bard and Com-
pany, principals, composed of E. S. Keep, J. S.
Bard, and J. Caulfield, and Joseph Landis and
Company, sureties, composed of L. H. Place and
Paul E. Mortimer,jointly and severally, in solido.
Approved, June 9,1858.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act for the Relief of John
Sawyer, a soldier of the War of the Revolu-
tion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to enter the name of
John Sawyer, of Garland, in the county of Pe-
nobscot, in the State of Maine, on the roll of rev-
olutionary pensioners, and pay lnm a pension, at
the rate of twenty-four dollars a year, during his
natural life, commencing on the fouith day of
March, in the year one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-one.
Approved, June 11,1858.
