1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2®m
gres#, the clause that has been referred to as the
amendatory act of 1857, was proposed in the Sen-
ate to an appropriation bill, and passed; and the
following conversation then took place in regard
to it, as reported in the Congressional Globe.
When this amendment was offered, Mr. Bright
said:
" I should like to inquire if there is any provision for a
public sale?
" Mr. Weller. Those sold under the act of 1819 were
gold at auction; but it lias been decided that that act was
retrospective, and did not apply to any military sites estab-
lished after the passage of the law. Since that time, of
course, many military posts have become wholly useless to
the Government j and this amendment is to sell them.
" Mr. Bright. At public or private sale ?
" Mr. Weller. At public sale.
"The amendment was agreed to."—Congressional Globe,
vol. 34, page 1046.
It rested in this manner until, at the beginning
'of Mr. Buchanan's administration, Mr. Davis
was succeeded by the present Secretary.
The Fort Snelling reservation was not particu-
larly named in the law of 1857, but the testimony
of Mr. Rice shows that it was meant. Thus the
official opinion of his immediate predecessor, re-
cently expressed, and of the superior Army officer
iri charge of the subject of supplies, was brought
to the notice of Secretary Floyd. It was part of
a rcccnt report of General Jcsup, that this and
two or three other reservations were of the value
of $1,000,000, and enough to provide posts for
the defense of the whole frontier. The necessity
of caution in making the sale had been particu-
larly noticed. These views had been enforced by
a recent report of Secretary Davis, and unusual
caution urged, m order to secure the Govern-
ment against loss m making the sale, especially
in providing a minimum, which should be up to
the value of the propei ty. In addition to this, the
improvident and lawless sale of that part of the
reservation adjoining Minneapolis, which had, a
short time before, boon detached by law from the
same reservation and brought to market, admon-
ished him of the importance of rare sagacity, cau-
tion, and judgment, in officers appointed to this
duty.
Then followed the brief transaction. Early in
April, 1857, without advice, without seeking ad-
vice, from any persons connected with the mili-
tary service, Secretary Floyd sent Major Eastman
to Minnesota to survey and subdivide the Fort
Snelling reservation with a view of bringing it
to sale. Eastman's instructions were limited to
making the survey, for the Secretary of War told
him that he would afterwards send another per-
son to make the sale. At the same time, Mather
and Schell, for some inscrutable reason, suddenly
appeared at Washington. They at once learned
what no one else knew, and what could only have
been known at the Department of War, that the
Fort Snollim? reservation was about to be sold,
and entered into a mutual combination to buy Che
post and its Thousands! of adjoiningncres—not to
occupy, for Mather, acjtizen and Senator of New
York, and, by the statement of tho Secretary of
War,ahighly respectable individual,onlyAvan ted
an investment; and Mr. Schell, who is also a cit-
izen of iNTew York and a Senator, with a larger
public spirit, wished to buy it, as lie afterwords
expiessod a willingness to buy the Capitol, for
the profit of the thing. How did these-favored
individuals know that Fort Snelling was to be
sold, to induce them into such a combination,
when it was unknown to everybody else ? Soon
after, in the same month of April, Dr. Graham, of
Lexington, Virginia, ambitious, though without
money, of an investment in Minnesota, stops at
Washington on his way, and asks his particular
friend, the Secretary of War,the modestquestion,
if he has anything out West to be done fur his De-
partment, that will pay? The Secretary answers,
tl Nothing, unless you will sell some old forts."
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has
expressed a high sense of the ability and character
of Mr. Graham. His shrewdness is not doubt-
ed. The defense of a transaction that has plun-
dered the Government of hundreds of thousands,
and changed a principal northwestern defense into
private ownership, is put only on presumptions
of character. All the paiUes in connection with
it have had their advocates. Doctor Graham is
defended by one gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letciier,] and Mr. Ileiskell, by another, [Mr.
Hopkins;] while the Secretary of War exalts
Mr. Mather. Schell dwells in the security of his
own invulnerable -maiL The public has suffered
in its tender points of military defense and money;
but these gentlemen argue that the public loss is
mitigated from having been occasioned by an as-
sociation of very honest gentlemen. On the same
evening, Graham is brought in conjunction, by an
extraordinary chance, with Mather and Schell.
None of them can explain the accident; but, sud-
denly, these three persons are melted into the
same combination, and the valuable public prop-
erty of Fort Snelling, more than a thousand miles
away, is the object. But there is a condition to
the admission of Doctor Graham. He is to unite
Franklin Steele in the transaction. Mr. Steele
has long been the Army sutler at that post, and
is now the only resident on that large reservation;
and the forthcoming instructions of the Depart-
ment of War will require that any settlers on the
reservation shall be provided for by the commis-
sioners that make the sale. Such an instruction
means Franklin Steele, and nobody else. How
does this triumvirate, in advance of " the rest of
mankind," got the information that the instruc-
tions of the Secretary of War will take care of
Mr. Franklin Steele, as a particular ward of the
Government, and make it important for the suc-
cess of their plans to unite him in the combina-
tion ? Doctor Graham accepts the condition and
proceeds to Minnesota in search of Mr. Steele.
Thus, Graham, Mather, Schell, and Steele, have
the only knowledge that the reservation is to be
sold, and have already effected a combination to
buy; Graham investing his character, Mather and
Schell the money, and Steele, the singular advant-
age of having lived on the reservation as Army
sutler.
In the mean time, Mr. Heiskell, of Abingdon,
Viigmia, has been refreshing the Secretary of
War with a recital of his political services, and
asking for an appointment, some good office, one
that will pay, worth not less than four or five
thousand dollars a year. The Secretary of War
writes him to come on to Washington, lie re-
ceives an appointment to make sale of the Fort
Snelling reservation with reluctance, because he
is disappointed m not getting five per cent, com-
missions on the sale; but now, from modesty, he
wishes some one to be appointed witli him; and
for the first time the name of Major Eastman is
thought of and put in the commission, ButHeis-
kell is the principal, obtaining first the appoint-
ment, then advising the appointment of some
other person with him; and, as he himself testi-
fies, recommending the manner of sale, in which
Major Eastman complacently concurs. The ar-
rival of Mr. Heiskell at Washington is signalized
by the return of Dr. Graham from Minnesota, in
company with Mr. Mathei, who has been taken
up at New York. The unsuspecting Heiskell
proceeds with Dr. Graham on his way to Minne-
sota, communicates to him his business, makes
him familiar with the official instructions under
which he is to act. It cannot be doubted that,in
the progress of this journey, the capable Dr. Gra-
ham instructed the artless and untravcled Mr.
Heiskell on all important matters connected with
his duty—how the Government might be wronged
by combinations, the importance of keeping his
counsels secret, and all other things that were
useful to keep him under the private management
of the combination. Of course, whatever was
known to Dr. Graham was freely told to his as-
sociates.
At the same time, Mr. Mather was unwilling
to make an unprofitable journey to Minnesota.
It somehow happened, as can be best explained
by the Secretary of War, that that officer was
suddenly .struck with the lare merits of Mr. Ma-
ther, and that Mather received from him a com-
mission, first to make an examination of Fort
Ripley, with a view of bringing it to sale, and
then a commission to noli it; his first commission
being dated just one day after the commission to
Heiskell and Eastman. Thus Fort Snelling was
thrown m the way of Mr. Mather's duties. He
was, accoidm«;iy, present with Graham and
Steele when this important reservation was si-
lently sold, himself preparing tho first written
agreement for the sa'e. It was not used, how-
ever, for Ileidkcli testifies that he afterwards used
nearly a " quire of paper" in getting it into
proper form. At the time of the sale the survey
was incomplete. This important public duty was
dashed oil' in two or three days after Mr. Heiskell
met Major Eastman, The progress of it was un-
known to everybody. The transaction was com-
plete, without the knowledge of any officer at
the post, or of any person of the neighborhood,
except Mr. Rice, in the midst of that populous
community, feverish with speculation and anx-
ious for an interest in the rich lands surrounding
Fort Snelling. The transaction was extraordi-
nary and shameless. Mather returned, and soon
after obtained from the Department information
that the sale had been confirmed, and.telegraphed,
so to Steele. The manner and circumstances,'of
sale are the more remarkable, from the attention
of the Secretary of War having been frequently
called by letters to the great value of the reserva-
tion,and the general interest to buy in it. It"is
not known that any answers to these various lot-
tors were received from the War Department.
These facts have been referred to because they
have been deemed necessary as a means of ex-
plaining the conclusions to which the committee
has come.
From what has already been said, it is plain
that under the acts of Congress of 1819 and 1857,
which have been referred to, the sale of this res-
ervation was utterly without authority of law.
But, in the judgment of the committee, it has-
been deemed no less a fault—indeed, has been re-
garded by the committee as a grave official fault—
that the Secretary of War should have attempted
the sale without first consulting with persons in
superior military command, and connected with
the defense of this most dangerous frontier, and
one that so freshly had been tlie sccne of Indian
t atrocities unknown in the reccntsettlementofany
I part of the West. But yet it was unknown to
: any officer of the whole service until Fort Snell-
ing had been silently sold, in this manner, from
under their very feet. The committee does not
attempt to bring in question hi« superior author-
ity over all matters in'his Depat tment, but yet
his duties arc esteemed principally administra-
tive, and rather civil than military. The arrange-
ment of the public defenses must be made and
kept up on system, and the details of defense must
bo supervised by persons in actual military ser-
vice. The carelessness of the Secretary of War
in this instance, is shown in the fact, that while
under his authority, the sale of Fort Snelling and
the reservation was being made, under tho same
authority, by his own authority, the first officer in
command under General Scott, was, at the samp
time, in Minnesota, in the midst of thousands of
unfriendly Indians, reinforcing one post, reestab-
lishing another, and making additional posts, all
to be made dependent on Fort Snelling. Hut this
subject has already been examined by the com-
mittee, in its views already submitted, and I shall
not press it further.
The next subject is the fitness and competency
of the commissionersappointed to make the sab*.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
has done the committee injustice in supposing it
intended to wrong the good name of Major East-
man. Nothing of the kind has been meant or
said. Tho utmost complaint against him was his
extreme unfitness for the particular duty he was
acting in, in no manner questioning his good con-
duct <md ability in his proper province of dutv.
But he was out of place. He confessed it, and
the objection is not to Major Eastman for per-
forming a duty to which lie had been commanded
by his superior, but against the Secretary of War
for not selecting agents qualified for this particular
office, and having the rare ability, under the ne-
cessities of the occasion, of providing that the
public interest should not stiller. Perhaps, as
much might be said of the merit of Mr. HeiskeH,
though he seems to have acted without any def-
inite purposes of good or evil. It was a weakness
in Major Eastman, after having stated, in hisoffi-
cial report, that the overflowed lands along the
rivers were of no value, to wish to buy after-
wards, on the same river shore, city blocks of
a half dozen acres, at thousands of dollars. But
the committee has ingenuously allowed for the
contagious speculation that after wards caught liim,
and (Joes not in any manner ascribe this act to
considerations affecting the propriety of his con-
duct at the time of the sale. Mr. Heiskell is not
to be described. It js true,as shown by the evi-
dence, that the Secretory of War appointed, to
make sale of a valuable public pioperty, worth
hundreds of thousands of dollars, two comnus-
