1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Ciiap. CL.—An Act for the Relief of William S.
Bradford.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That, from and after the passage of
this act, the pension now paid to William S. Brad-
ford be increased from the present amount re-
ceived by him to twenty-five dollars per month.
Approved, June 11,1858.
Chap. CLI.—An Act for the Relief of Albert G.
Allen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in the settlement of the accounts
of Albert G. Allen, late Navy agent at Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, one and one fourth per
centum be allowed him upon the disbursements
of extra pay made by him.under the acts of Au-
gust thirty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
and March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, to the officers, seamen, and marines who
had served on the Pacific coasts of Mexico and
California, deducting therefrom such amount as
may be due from him to the United States.
Approved, June 11,1858.
Chap. CLII.—An Act for the Relief of Jennett H.
McCall, only child of Captain James McCall,
of the Revolutionary War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Jennett H.
McCall, only child of Captain James McCall, of
General Pickens' brigade, in the South Carolina
regiment, during the war of the Revolution, the
seven years' half pay of a captain, as allowed by
the resolution of Congress passed August twenty-
fourth, one thousand seven hundred and eighty,
amounting to two thousand one hundred dollars;
the said sum to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 11.1858.
Chap. CLV1I.—An Act granting a Pension to
Beriah Wright, of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Beriah Wright, of New York, upon the roll of
invalid pensioners of the United States, and pay
to him a pension at the rate of four dollars per
month, from the sixteenth day of February, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, during
his natural life.
Approved, June 12,1858.
Chap. CLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Nancy
Magill, of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby directed to place the name of Nancy Ma-
gill, widow of James Magill, of the State of
Ohio, on the pension roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, for five years, commencing on
the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight.
Approved, June 12, 1858.
Chap. CLIX.—An Act for the Relief of Geor-
giana M. Lewis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the twelfth section of the act en-
titled, "An act making appropriation[s] for the
naval service for the year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, be so construed that the five years'pay
provided for in said section, which would have
been paid to her deceased husband, Armstrong
Irvine Lewis, in case he had been living at the
time of the passage of said act, be paid to Geor-
giana M. Lewis, his widow.
Approved, June 12, 1858.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act granting an Invalid
Pension to John Holland, of Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
place the name of John Holland of Arkansas,
on the invalid pension roll at the rate of eight
dollars per month, and to pay him at that rate
from the fourteenth day of December, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, during his natural life.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act granting an Invalid
Pension to William Randolph.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of William Randolph on the invalid
pension roll, at the rate of four dollars per month,
and pay him at that rate from the twelfth day of
May, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight,
during his natural life.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXX.—An Actgranting an Invalid Pen-
sion to William Howell, of Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of William Howell, of the State of
Tennessee, on the invalid pension roll, and that
he be paid a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing on the twenly-tliird of
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and
continuing during his life.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mary A. M. Jones.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Mary A. M.Jones,
widow of Brevet Major General Roger Jones,
deceased, late adjutant general of the Army, upon
the roll of pensioners, and pay her a pension at
the rate of one half the pay, monthly, to which
her late husband was entitled at the time of his
death; such pension to commence on the fifteenth
day of July, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, and continue during her natural life or
widowhood.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act for the Relief of Sher-
lock and Shirley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
[he] is herehy, authorized to examine the cases
of fines charged against Sherlock and Shirley,
under their contract for carrying the mails on
route number five thousand one hundred and
three, from Louisville, Kentucky, to St. Louis,
Missouri, and to remit so much of such fines as,
in his judgment, ought not to be enforced against
the said contractors: Provided, That no case of
any fine or deduction heretofore considered and
decided by any former Postmaster General, upon
the application of the contractors, shall be re-
viewed'under the provisions of this act, and the
Postmaster General shall be authorized to cause
any persons to be cross-examined whose testi-
mony may be offered for the purposes of such
examination by him as aforesaid.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 14.—A Resolution for the Relief of John
Grayson.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed, in
adjusting the account of John Grayson, pension
agent at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to place to the
credit of the said John Grayson the amount of five
hundred and twenty-six dollars and thirteen cents,
paid by him to George De Camp, one of the sur-
viving children and heirs of Susannah Stokely,
deceased, widow of Nehemiah Stokely, a captain
in the revolutionary war; the same having been
paid in conformity with the directions of the
Secretary of the Interior, as conveyed upon the
face of a certificate of pension issued by the Com-
missioner of Pensions to said George De Camp.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
No. 18.—AResolutionforthe benefitofthe widow
of Commander William Lewis Herndon, Uni-
ted States Navy.
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Congress entertain a high sense
of the devotion to duty, the coolness, courage, and
conductof Commander William Lewis Herndon,
United States Navy, in command of the steamer
Central America, at sea during the prevalence of
ahurricane on the twelfth of September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven; and that the widow of
the said William Lewis Herndon be entitled to
receive, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, a sum equal to three
yeais' full sea-service pay of a commander in
the Navy.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
No. 19.—A Resolution devolving upon the Sec-
rotary of War the Execution of the Act of
Congress entitled " An Act supplemental to an
Act therein mentioned," approved December
twenty-two, eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the duties imposed, or requiied
to bo performed, by the act of Congress entitled
" An act supplemental to an act therein men-
tioned," approved December twenty-two, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, including the act to
which it is supplemental, be, and the same are
hereby, transferred lo the Secretary of War, who
shall proceed de novo to execute the same in their
plain and obvious meaning: Provided, nevertheless,
That from any amount which may be found just
and equitably due to the legal representatives of
George Fisher,deceased, there shall be deducted
all sums which may have been heretofore allowed
and paid by the United States.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
No. 21.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Gen-
eral Sylvester Churchill.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper disbursing officer be,
and he is hereby,authorized and required to allow
and pay to General Sylvester Churchill, inspect-
or general, the pay and allowances of inspector
general, from the twenty-ninth of April, eighteen
hundred and forty-five, the date of his discharge,
to the twenty-first of January, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, when he was reinstated in his
office, according to the rates of pay then allowed,
deducting from said pay and allowance any
amounts which may have been paid to the said
Churchill for services performed between the time
of his discharge and restoration to office.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
No.22.—Joint Resolution forthe Relief of Henry
Orndorf.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
