2654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
sioners, who did not even know the law under
which they acted, the manner of subdividing and
mnkiijg sales of public lands, and the minutiee
of business in this Department, indispensable to
a reasonable performance of their duty. They ac-
cordingly first sold the Port Snelling reservation
of several thousand acres in bulk, when they were
only authorized to sell in the well-known legal
subdivisions of forties, eighties, and quarters.
They made this extraordinary sale" on time, and
reported to the Secretary of War the ability of
Mr. Steele to give security, when the law allowed
the sale to be made for cash only. The law de-
manded publicity as a first condition of the sale;
bqt they sold secretly and without advertising,
and, with a studied purpose, hid the transaction
for weeks from the community living in the neigh-
borhood, most anxious and most interested, and
altogether unknown, until the meritorious Mather
telegraphed the confirmation of it by the Secre-
tary of War to Steele, to the astonishment of
Minneapolis, St. Paul, and St. Anthony. They
sold with the agreement that the Government
should "make a deed'5 on the payment of the
first installment, when the law expressly forbade
it, except on the full and final payment of the pur-
chase money. Steele disclaimed that he had any
claim as a preemptioner, legal or equitable; but
the commissioners had extraordinary reasons for
treating him as such, and for that cause preferred
him as the purchaser of the whole reservation.
The preemption law forfeits every preemption
right where a settlement on the land ceases, or
where it has been sold. But the commissioners
witnessed a pretended transaction, in violation of
this just law, between McKenzie and Steele, and
reported the fact to the Secretary of War as a con-
sideration for confirming the sale, because Mc-
ICenzie would then have no claim upon the Gov-
ernment; when, in fact, McKenzie was without
such claim, and when, in fact, no such arrange-
ment as had been reported had been made. They
oven innocently believed that a preemption right
lawfully extended over a thousand acres, and per-
haps indefinitely. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] says u no" to this, and quotes the
statement of the committee as one of two blunders
he has been pleased to impute to me as the organ
of the committee in expressing its opinions in the
report. 1 respectfully submit that that usually
cautious gentleman is himself mistaken, and in
proof of it 1 quote confidently from the report of
the sale made by the commissioners to the Secre-
tary of War:
" Upon questioning ]\yr Steele, lie very fianklv said that
lie did not goon the resejvation, neither did he make or pur-
chase imptovemcnts upon the same, with the expectation
of having the preemption right extended to hun; and we !
could not come to the conclusion that lie should have the
unlit to piuehase the lands covering his improvements at
fjl 25 per aero It is true that In* impiovemenls have cost
a laisje amount; but then, for eaeh separate and valuable
one to pei nut him to purchase one bundled and sixty acies,
the amount of land he would ho enabled to obtain, at that
priec, would amount to nearly one thousand acres, or one
seventh of the reservation."
Let this decide the question of accuracy between
us. The commissioners attempted to agree with
Steele in regard to the possession; as if, after a
military site had been sold, for the reason that it
was useless, any residuaiy discretion remained
with any one. They sold on credit, they say,
because " Steele wished to purchase in that way."
Let me here correct another error imputed to
the committee by the gentleman from Kentucky;
for, with these two, he exhausted his fault-find-
ing. It is objected that Major Eastman, in the
report of the majority, is said not to have known
the difference between a private and a secret sale.
The language of the gentleman from Kentucky
is, " not one word of it." My answer is, that
Major Eastman, in his testimony, pnd in connec-
tion with the particular subject of not letting any
one know that the sale was being made, said: "we
did not advertise, because it then would not have
been a private sale." Heiskell's language is,if
it had been advertised, it would have been a pub-
lic sale." Both little seemed to think that the
law required that a knowledge of the sale should
be made public.
Such a variety and magnitude of official blun-
ders cannot be found, it is believed, in the rec-
ords of any public office. Heiskell sunk into
absolute nonsense. He says:
cc £ remarked to Steele that I looked upon the sale about
like this: < If the sale had been made-to anybody else, the
Black Republicans iu Congress would have been unscrupu-
lous enough to have given you $50,000 for your buildings.
You arc a Democrat, jt is true; but for all that the Black
Republicans would have given you $50,000 for your build-
ings ; so that I looked upon the sale as in reality made for
tliu ty or forty thousand dollars more than the price named."'
This is not sense. It is absolute, paltry, un-
mitigable nonsense, to be got on the modest ex-
pectation of four or five thousand dollars a year.
Nothing is right. Everything is done wrong.
And such are the agents employed by the De-
partmentof War to determine the military import-
ance of Fort Snelling, and to manage the public
riches sufficient, according to General Jesup, for
the defense of the lives and property along thou-
sands of miles of frontier! Scott, Jesup, Persi-
fer P. Smith, passed by, and questions of public
defense put in the safe keeping of William King
Heiskell! It may well be supposed that such
counsels mightlead to the winter campaign, which
history promises to make immortal, of thousands
of troops left, a thousand miles from supplies, to
freeze and starve in the mountains about Fort
Bridg  r.
Of this extraordinary sale, the modes by which
it was conducted are the most extraordinary. The
importance of the post and of the reservation, and
of other reservations like it, had often been a
matter of consideration in the Department of War.
The means of protecting such large interests were
not difficult. If practice and precedent were want-
ing, the suggestions of common sense at once pro-
posed a means of keeping the public from loss.
The gentleman from Virginia and the gentleman
from Kentucky, and various other gentlemen,
seem to think that it was easy, in this instance,
to form combinations by which the Government
would be defrauded. The word " combination " is
alarming. It was the perpetual nightmare of Mr.
Heiskell. The gentleman from Kentucky par-
ticularly has referred to the improvident sale of
that part of the Fort Snelling reservation in the
neighborhood of Minneapolis, now worth thou-
sands of dollais per acie,sold a few years ago at
Stillwater. Why, the majority of the commit-
tee has referred to this very act of improvidence
and lawlessness as a reason why the Secretary of
War was bound to unusual caution, in order to
prevent the remainder of the. reservation from be-
ing sold at a sacrifice. But he will please remem-
ber that that portion of the reservation had already
been by law detached from the Fort Snelling res-
ervation, and added to the common stock of pub-
lic lands, giving the right of settlement at once-,
as upon other public lands—a right which is never
acknowledged on a military reservation. In that
instance, that very right of settlement made in-
ducements to combinations. In this instance,
there was no right of settlement, and combina-
tion was impossible. Indeed, the Government
title could never be divested until the public had
first received an adequate price for it.
_Tho concern, therefore, of the gentleman from
Kentucky, about combinations, may be dis-
missed. No combination was possible; no com-
bination was probable. Though asserted by Heis-
kell and Eastman, each upon the authority of the
other, it is indignantly denied by all who had the
means of knowing the public feeling in the vicin-
ity at the time of the sale.
But, if combinations were threatened, the De-
partment of War furnished examples by which
they could be successfully met. Not this only,
but the Department of War furnished the only
safe precedents by which such sales could be con-
ducted; for the reason that military reservations
being chosen because they are sightly and valu-
able positions, before being brought to sale are
usually retained by the Government, on the ver^e
of the frontier, until population has crowded
densely around them, and they have become
greatly appreciated m value. Then, it is not rea-
sonable that they should be settled and preempted
as other public lands; and, being thus valuable, |
the Government has a profit in their retention; j
and, in order to secure their full value, great cau- i
tion and judgment are necessary in making the :
sale. j
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] j
has argued that the danger of making combma- j
ttons in cases like this is so great that the only ;
public safety is to make sales secretly, as in this 1
instance. If that gentleman in fact respects, as :
he pretends to do, the. opinions of the Secretary '
of War, he will find himself at once in antago-
nism with that distinguished functionary; for,
within two days of the time that this committee
submitted its 'repott to the House, the Secretary
of War having occasion to make sale of the Fort
Armstrong reservation on Rock Island, adopted
the very recommendations of the majority of the
committee, in utter contempt of the opinions held
by the gentleman from Kentucky. The adver-
tisement will be found in the Washington Union
of April 29. It will be seen to be of that date,
and subscribed by John B. Floyd? Secretary of
War. This advertisement states that sealed pro-
posals will be received at the War Department
until the 31st day of May, for parts of44 not less
than one legal subdivision of the unsold land of
the 4 island of Rock Island,' in the State of Illi-
nois, heretofore reserved for military purposes."
The descriptions and areas of the unsold tracts '
for which proposals are invited, are set out by cat-
alogue. No parcel of the descriptions exceeds fifty
acres, and then occur the following specifications
of purchase:
" Bids will be received until twelve o'clock, m., of the
31st day of May, at which hour alt then before the Depart-
ment will be opened.
"Bids will be received for the purchase of the lands in
gross, or for separate paicels, as above described; the De-
partment receiving to itself the right to accept or reject
either or both, as maybe deemed most advantageous to the
Government.
" Piopoaals should be sealed, and indorsed { proposals for
the put chase of the island of Rock Island.1
"Pavment to be made in oa&h to the assistant Treasurer
at St. Louis, or to the Treasurer at Washington, within fif-
teen days after the acceptance of the bids, and receipts
tiansnntted immediately to this Depaitment."
It is unpleasant to bring, in this manner, my
good friend from Kentucky in conflict with the
Secretary of War; but that distinguished Cabinet
officer has one memorable instance to justify his
conduct and convince me that his action now is
right, and that the gentleman from Kentucky is
wrong. When the Fort Dearborn reservation at
Chicago was brought to sale in 1839, Secretary
Pomsett prescribed the same course. The pop-
ulation, within a radius of half a dozen miles, was
then less than five thousand—not one sixth of the
population now living in equal vicinity to Fort
Snelling. In that instance the sale occurred in the
midst of great pecuniary distress. In this instance
speculation was feverish, money easy, and prices
extravagant. That a full price was not realized
at the sale of the reservation at Fort Snelling, is
due only to carelessness and unconcern in not
making proper provisions for it. In that instance
less than fifty-five acres of land realized to the
Government a net profit, exclusive of expenses,
exceeding one hundred thousand dollars. In the
judgment of the gentleman from Kentucky, it is
perhaps a-public calamity that Mr. Heiskell was
not present to manage the sale of the reservation
at Fort Dearborn.
In the sale of Fort Snelling, so soon as the com-
missioners had determined, against all usage find
propriety, that they would not sell the Fort Snell-
ing reservation in parcels, so as to enable persons
of small means to buy, as so many desired to do,
but one thing remained, and that was to get the
best price. The minority of the committee rests
on the evidence of some witnesses that $90,000
was an adequate price. What they have said I
esteem of little importance, as I am confident it
is little worthy of credit, for the reason, princi-
pally, that the witnesses had but little means of
judgment. Some of them had never been on the
reservation; some of them had only crossed it in
a carriage-drive from St. Paul to St. Anthony;
and the manner in which, by interested parties,
they were ingeniously brought before the commit-
tee, does not add to their credit. But I dismiss
this. The true question, then, was, what could
the Government get for it, if put up properly to
sale ? There is no difficulty in the answer. The
testimony is demonstrative, that at that very
time, at least four hundred thousand dollars could
have been realized from the sale. Even the par-
ties themselves, when put to their oaths, do not
express themselves willing to dispose of theirin-
terest at less than twice the price. Some portions
have already been sold to other parties, who have
been supposed to be able, from wealth, and other
reasons, to give great appreciation to the rest, at
double the"price. The purchasing company has
subdivided a single section, only six hundred and
forty acres, of the whole reservation, into city
