544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
elusion of all other business until it be disposed
of.
Mr. BAYARD. I disagree with the honorable
Senator from Illinois altogether. If this were a
case in which there were contesting members from
the State of Indiana, and the individual rights of
others claiming to be representatives of that State
on this floor were before us for decision, I should
think that we ought to dispose of it before we en-
tered upon any other question; but the State of
Indiana has sent to us, with the prima facie evi-
dence of proper election, two Senators, who have
their seats upon tins floor. I am perfectly aware
that there arc questions which must be decided
by the Senate ultimately as to the legality of the
election; but of the broad, general fact, which I
can look at outside of that, that these Senators
represent the public sentiment of the State of In-
diana, I can entertain no doubt. Under these cir-
cumstances, when a question is to arise important
to the destinies of this Union, why should not a
sovereign State of the Union be represented, even
though it be that it may turn out ultimately that
the election was not in that form which the Con-
stitution of the United States requires, and there-
fore invalid ? I think the distinction is a clear one.
As there is no individual interest connected with
this matter, no contesting persons who claim to
be entitled to the seats, as the result of the decis-
ion, if it shall be what the Senator from Illinois
desires, will simply be that the State of Indiana
will be unrepresented on this floor, as there is
prima facie evidence of the right of these gentle-
men ; and as I believe the public sentiment of that
State, even if the election was not regular in
itself, is represented by them, I am not willing to
lessen the number of the Senate when a question
so grave and important as that of the admission
of Kansas is to come before us.
Mr. BRIGHT. So far as is proper for me to
speak, 1 desire to say that I am anxious to have
this matter disposed of. I have not believed,
really, that the Senator from Illinois was in earn-
est in insisting that the Senators from Indiana
were not legally elected Senators from that State;
but from the pertinacity with which he adheres
io his position and insists on the consideration of
the subject, I desire to say that I am anxious to
have it considered. 1 think it is proper that the
Senate should know my ferlmgs on the subject;
and 1 piesume these are the feelings of my col-
league, though I have not conferred with him on
the point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, sir, I trust we shall
unite on an early day for the consideration of the
subject, and that my proposition that it shall be
considered to-morrow will meettheapprobationof
the Senate. I defei any reply to the Senator from
Delaware on the present occasion, as I will not
encroach on the time of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Tltu VICE PRESIDENT. The proper ques-
tion is first on the motion of the Senator from Il-
linois to take up this resolution. If taken up, he
then can move to make it a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make a motion to take
it up.
Mr. BROWN. If the resolution is to be taken
up and postponed without debate, I have no ob-
jection; but if it is to be taken up and discussed
now, so as to delay the discussion on thp refer-
ence of the President's message, I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inform the Senator
from Mississippi, that I do not propose to discuss
it at the present time; but merely to take it up
tnd have it made the special order for to-morrow
Mr. BROWN. The Senator has already given
an intimation of the character of the motion he
proposes to make; and that is, to postpone this
question until to-morrow at one o'clock,and make
it the special order for that hour to the exclusion
of ail other business. No such motion can pass
without debate. I certainly shall not be silent
when it is proposed to make this question over-
ride all other business. If it is simply to be taken
up and postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock,
and take its -position with the other special or-
ders, I have no objection to that; but 1 object to
giving it precedence to-morrow over everything
else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to test that
to-morrow when the question arises. I now move
tq make it the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. HA*LE. I should like to know, for my
own information, what is the right of a privileged
question here. I remember to have heard it raised
in a former Senate, when a distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, not now a member of the
body, and not now living, was at the head of the
Judiciary Committee. ^In the discussion we then
had, he said it made no odds how long, or how
often a question affecting a member's right to a
seat was postponed, it being a question of privi-
lege as to who might vote in the Senate, any mem-
ber of the Senate might raise the question at any
time by objecting to the incumbent's voting when
his name was called. If that be so—and I really
rise for information—it would seem that, this
being a question of privilege, it is in the power
of any Senator to take that course, and object to
these gentlemen voting. That was the course sug-
gested by the late Judge Butler I should like to
know what a question of privilege is if it may be
postponed at the will of a bare majority. If it
may be so postponed, it may be postponed indefi-
nitely, arid then there is no privilege about it. It
strikes me that it enters into the very constitution
of the body, that the question of who shall sit
here and vote is a question which by its own in-
herent force must override every other question,
unless by the common or universal consentofthe
Senate a different course is suggested. I want in-
formation on this subject.
Mr. BAYARD. If the question were nottogive
rise to any debate, I should not have interposed
an objection to its consideration. The report of
the committee authorizing the taking of testimony
does not .dispose of this question. That is op-
posed by the minority of the committee, and thoir
views have been submitted in writing. This will
give rise to debate; and yet if the Senate coincide
with the majority of the committee, there can be
no final action until the testimony shall be taken.
It will, however, give rise to extended debate, 1
have no doubt; because at the last session of the
Senate, when a precisely similar resolution was
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, (and
though then a member of the committee 1 was not
piebent when it agreed on the resolution, and did
not know anything of it until it was reported,) it
went over in consequence of debate being raised
then, when there was no time for the disposition
of it. But for the objection made then, the testi-
mony would have been taken by this time. The
same question arises, and will be discussed now.
Of course it will interfere with what [suppose to
be (although this is a privileged question) a more
important matter than the disposition of the right
of a Senator who has come here and been admit-
ted with the proper credentials, ■primafacie creden -
tials certainly, and such as aie usual when there
is no contestant in the case to have his rights in-
fringed upon. Under these circumstances, I can-
not see the necessity for immediate haste when
there is pending what is, 1 think, a measure of
greater importance; but Ido not contemplate any-
thing like an indefinite pc stponement. I say, fur-
ther, I look solely to the measure to which I have
alluded, which 1 consider of such vital import-
ance; and jf that were out of the way, no other
measure would have induced me to ask the Senate
to delay the consideration of this matter; but in
reference to that, I consider it sufficiently import-
ant to justify me in voting against disposing now
of a question of privilege which is to give rise to
debate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am unable to appreciate
the views which the gentleman from Delaware
seems to entertain in relation to this question. It
is true that a majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary have reported a resolution, directing the
taking of testimony on certain matters connected
with the election of United States Senators in In-
diana. It is also true that the minority of that
committee have presented their statement of the
case, in which we insist that no testimony can
alter the character of the case; that the facts, the
undisputed facts, in relation to the manner in
which the election was made, are such as to show
that the election was not legal, was insufficient,
and is incapable of being corrected. This is the
ground taken. I do not propose to enter into the
merits of the minority report, and consider wheth-
er it is well-founded or not; but certainly, if the
view of the minority be entertained and sustained
by the Senate, it will bring on a final and definitive
view of the case on its merits.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. The minority think thoy
sufficiently present the question. Now, Mr-
President, the Senator from Delaware seens to
suppose that because these gentlemen had a cer-
tificate, that is, had the proper prima face creden-
tials, though their right is questioned, though it
is contested, and though the point is on tru-iTyet,
after all, we ought to proceed with great questions
which concern the interests of the country; and
if they are very important and concern the inter-
ests of the country deeply, we ought to defer set-
tling who has a right to vote on them till after
those questions are disposed of. I cannot under-
stand that. It seems to be based on the presump-
tion that inasmuch as these men had certificates,
it must be that they represent truly the views of
thepeople of Indiana. Nonsequitur. Thatdepends*
on whether they were legally elected. If they
were not legally elected, you can raise no pre-
sumption of that kind; and it is but begging the
question to say now, that they represent the sen-
timent of the people. That depends on whether
they were properly elected or not, and that ques-
tion is to be tried.
I view this not only as a privileged question,
but as a question of privilege; and it is in the very
nature of it preliminary. The right to vote is pre-
liminary to the decision of any subject upon which
Senators are to vote; and it is proposed to defer
it because there is an important subject to be voted
on. That is the very reason why it should not
be deferred. The more important, the subject to
be passed upon ultimately, the more important it
is to settle the preliminary question of who has
the right to vote on it. With these views, I do
not think this should be deferred to anv other
question; but, from its* very nature, we have a
right to insist that it shall be first parsed upon,
and that the Senate shall fix the earliest day for
doing so. With these views, I cannot but insist
that either now, or at an early day to be fixed, it
shall be taken up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely rise to suggest that
this motion, I presume, is made under u misap-
piehension of its effect on the question. I under-
stand that a question relating to the organization
of the body, the right of individuals to hold seats,
here, is a question of privilege. If ran be taken
up any day, on a motion being made by a major-
ity vote, to thecxc^ision of special orders of every
kind. If that be the case, the question to-morrow
morning, without any motion being made now,
will stand in precisely as good a condition as it
would if it were taken up now and made the spe-
cial order for to-morrow. Therefore, I do not see
that anything is gained by taking it up now and
postponing it. If you make it the special order
for to-morrow morning, and then theie is not a
majority in favorofgomgon with it, th« y can pass
it by. it being a question of privilege, a motion to
take it up to-morrow morning will take priority
then, and if there is a majority for takir g it up, it
can be taken up. Hence, I do not see Uu-twecan
gam anything by taking it up this morning, and
then postponing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
that he considers this a privileged que^uon; and
that the Senator from Massachusetts, having
yielded the floor to the Senator from Illinois, ho
could bring it to the attention of the nate; but
of course the Chair would feel bound to recognize
the action of the Senate to the subject of postpon-
ing it to another day.
Mr. HUNTER. I presume that no matter
what is the character of the question, a majority
of the Senate can postpone it. iMt be a privi-
leged question, all the priority which it has is to
enable its mover to bring it up for the considera-
tion of the Senate; but when it is up, the Senate,
if it chooses, can postpone it and take up other
business. All that I understand the Senator from
Delaware to maintain is, that in the present con-
dition of the public business, it would be better
to postpone this matter and go through with the
question which is now up, on which the Senator
from Massachusetts has the floor, on the refer-
ence of the President's message.
Nor do I see that there are any such claims for
speedy action as have been urged, inasmuch as
this is not a motion to settle the question. It is
a mere resolution to take testimony, v^hich, if
adopted, will require time. It will not be possible
to take testimony and have a decision of the case
