1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
the compromise measures of 1850, and to bring
New Mcxico in under a territorial government.
Now, inasmuch as the precedents of the Gov-
ernment have been as I have described them, and
as this document discloses; inasmuch as Major
Weigh tman's colleague has been paid—and he
was here longer in service and used more active
labor in endeavoring to accomplish the end for
which the two were sent here—it does seem to
me to be wrong that he should be made the only-
exception to the rule.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I have listened
to what has been said by the gentleman fromTen-
nessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] and I must confess
that if I could be induced to vote for a claim upon
the mere ground that claims of a similar nature
had been passed, I should be inclined to go with
the gentleman in voting for this bill. But, to my
mind, the whole practice which has heretofore
been had was, as the gentleman himself suggests,
an improper one. It seems to me, sir, that what-
ever might have been its propriety with respect
to those Territories in which there was a popula-
tion seeking admission of its own motion, there
would be great objections to a case in which it is
impossible to say what were the wishes of the
people—as the mass of them did not speak the
English language—and who originated'and carried
on the movement which gave rise to the apparent
action of the people on which the claim is founded.
And this would be more especially the case when
the person whose claim is in question was an of-
ficer of the United States, or went to the Terri-
tory in that capacity, and in consequence of the
position in which he was placed by the Govern-
ment, may be presumed to have had peculiar in-
fluence in getting up such a movement. Now, to
my mind, this practice of paying persons coming
here, who are placed in such a position by their
connection witn the public service that they can
produce results, like those presented in Mew Mex-
ico in this instance, and contribute to the apparent
formation of governments when, perhaps, were
it not for (he position which they occupy, there
might have been no such movement, is dangerous
in itself, ami, 1 think, improper to be continued.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman will al-
low me to say that, although iVIajor Weightman
had been, some time prior to his election, a pay-
master of the United States in Now Mexico, lie
was, at the time of his election, a private citizen.
Hut it does seem to me that, when you come to
loo 1c at the particular state of facts existing there
at the time—the facts which I recapitulated a mo-
ment a<;o—there was a propriety in the people of
New Mexico thus selecting a man whom they
thought might have influence with the Govern-
ment. He had been an officer of the Government;
he was then a private citizen. But it was not
unnatural that they should suppose, when they
were anxious to get rid of the military govern-
ment, that, if they should select him to come on
and endeavor to secure some form of civil govern-
ment for them, he would be more successful than
it they were to send a man unknown to the au-
thorities of the United States.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman,
it is true that there is a propriety on the part of
an organized community, standing in the position
in which the people of New Mexico stood with
respect to the Government of the United States,
sending to the Congress of the United States an
au,ent. It seems that they did send an agent.
Now, if there had been any authority of Con-
gress, if there had been any territorial govern-
ment created, that gentleman would have had a
certain legal character; he would have been vested
with a certain legal position. And when no ter-
ritorial government had been created, I would be
disposed to look with favor on one who came
here as the Representative of a people so situated
for the purpose of playing the part of their agent,
in the absence of any law.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I understand the gen-
tleman to say that there had been no territorial
government created there?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Not at that
time.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The people of New
Mexico had endeavored to form a territorial gov-
ernment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. But not by au-
thority of Congress.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. No, sir.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Of course. I
understand iti The people of New Mexico came
under the authority of the United States under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. They occupied a
particular position. It was the practice of the
Government of the United States to extend over a
people so situated a territorial government. Such
a territorial government had not yet been created
there by the legislative power. It was, I think,
perfectly competent for that people, under these
circumstances, to select an individual who should
come near the Government of the United States
as their agent. I think it right and proper to so
regard him. I think it right and proper for the
Government of the United States, at any future
time, when they establish a territorial government
or when they admit it as a State, to recognize
that peculiar capacity of the individual, and to
pay him the same amount that it is usual to pay
to persons occupying such a position under the
authority of law; for the Delegate of a territorial
government, created by act of Congress, is noth-
ing more nor less than an agent of the people con-
stituting that community.
Now, m this particular instance, there was a
person who stood in that relation to the people of
New Mexico, and in that relation to the Govern-
ment of the United States; who was so recog-
nized, and whose services in that capacity were
paid in the usual manner. This bill, however,
proposes to go further, and to pay a person claim-
ing to occupy the position of a Senator—a Sena-
tor from a State which has notyctbeen admitted;
which not only has not yet been admittted, but
with respect to which there has been no act of the
kind which is now called an enabling act.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman will
recollect that the usage heretofore, in the ease of
Missouri, m the case of Michigan, and m one or
two other instances, has boon to appoint three
agents. A member of the House and two Sena-
tors have been elected in each of those three in-
stances; and all three, coming here and claiming
pay as agents, have been paid by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. And in those in-
stances the communities sending them, at the time
the step was taken, had the population necessary
to aulhoii/.e them to be admitted into the United
States, and to authorize them to elect a Repre-
sentative on this floor; and in those instances, i
imagine, the persons who presented themselves
were members of the communities for which they
acted. Rut, in this instance, the population of
New Mexico was almost entirely made up of those
who did not speak our language. This person
and the other who was associated with him in the
election to the Senate, in view of that people being
admitted as a State into the Union, were Amer-
ican citizens, who weie not identified with that
population and who had no connection with it.
Mr.Weightman had only become part and parcel
of that community because he was sent there by
\ the United States in an official capacity in the pub-
! lie service. Me saw fit, afterwards, to abandon
! the service. 1 know nothing about the gentleman,
' but it is very possible that his withdrawal from
: the service of the United States may have had
| some connection with the subsequent proceedings
! m regard to the character of that government.
I Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Let me state hero that
i that cannot be ho, for the reason that the office of
i paymaster, which was vacated hy Major Wei^ht-
; man, was filled by Mr. Uunnin<rham, who was
I also elected as his colleague to ask admission into
, the Union.
I Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I did not state
! this as a thing that I know. I do not know the
1 gentleman, nor am I acquainted with any of the
| circumstances. Rut the fact that he was an offi-
' cer of the United States, and the other fact that
■ Ins colleague was also an officer of the United
States, ouijht, of themselves, to show the extreme
danger of countenancing anything of this charac-
, ter Now, I have heaid it stated, and I presume
, it is true, that there have been other instances in
j which officers connected with the Army of the
• United States at one time, who were placed in a
| particular position with regard to a people, have
■ appeared here for the purpose of producing some
| action on the part of Congress with regard to the
! creation of territorial governments.
i There is an instance of that kind now pending,
I as I understand. I have seen something in the
papers; and I have seen it, perhaps, in the pro-
ceedings of Congress, with regard to the creation
of a territorial government out of a portion of this
very Territory of New Mexico, which is advo-
cated and urged by a gentleman occupying the
same position in regard to it as Major Weightman
occupied with regard to New Mexico.
Now, I think that the doubt expressed by my
friend from Tennessee in regard to the original
propriety of these alio wances, is more than a doubt
m my mind. I am inclined to think that it was
wrong; and, as I have a conviction of that fact, I
am notdisposed,at this time,to support this bill.
I am not disposed to abandon what I conceive to
be a proper principle, merely because that princi-
ple has been violated before. I do not want to go
any further with that practice, and it is my pur-
pose to vote against the bill.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. In connection with the
doubt which I frankly expressed, it may be proper
for me to say that if there ever was a people who
were entitled to have an agent to represent them
here to ask for admission under the peculiar cir-
cumstances which I have stated, it was that peo-
ple. A Territory, situated as that was, needed
here an agent to explain the circumstances, and
to show the reasons why their petitions should be
granted. The people sent agents, in conformity
to the established usage in such cases; and one
of them has been paid. It does seem to me that
the claim of the other ought not to be rejected.
With these remarks I submit the question to
the committee.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I move that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I now ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to take up the adverse report (C.
C. No. 21) upon the petition of Cassius M. Clay,
which was passed over informally on my request,
in order that 1 might prepare a bill for the relief
of the claimant. 1 ask, also, permission to intro-
duce the bill.
No objection being made, the case was taken
up; and
Mr. CLAY introduced a bill for the relief of
Cassius M. Clay.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the sum
of $783 35, being a full restitution of the amount
of a judgment rendered against said Clay by the
circuit court of Jefferson county, Kentucky, for a
trespass committed by him in the execution of an
order of his military superior, while in the service
of the United States, and which said Clay had
paid. It also appropriates the sum of $7(i0 to said
Cassius M. Clay, for property lost by him in the
Mexican war, m consequence of having been
compelled, by older, to abandon it with a view to
the public service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. An original hill cannot be in-
troduced in Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
Committee of the Whole may originate a bill as
well as any other committee. The report of the
Court of Claims is before the committee, and the
gentleman from Kentucky oilers a bill as a sub-
stitute for the report.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Chair hold that we can go back upon the Calen-
dar without unanimous consent5
The CITA 1RM AN. The gentleman asked, and
obtained, unanimous consent.
jj Mr. CLAY. I have only a few words to say
jj to the committee, in explanation of this bill. The
! | claims which it embraces, and which it gives Mr.
!| Clay indemnification tor, have been repeatedly
before this House. The first section of the bill
provides for the payment of an amount of money
which had been paid by Cassius Clay, under a
judgment rendered against him, for a trespass
commuted by him, by order of his superior offi-
cer, while he was in the service of the United
States.
The second section provides payment for losses
sustained by him in Mexico, while under order
to make a forced march, by which he was com-
pelled to abandon his property.
The first item of the claim has been reported
j; upon favorably several times by the committee
jj of this House; and the second item has also been
' i reported upon favorably. I think that both items
i| are perfectly just; and 1 hope that the bill will be
