THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED
BY JOHN
C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4
1858.
New Semes No. 35.
before this question to which Senators have al-
luded will probably be decided. I do not see that
that enters into the consideration of it at all. It
seems to me to be a question which is to be con-
sidered and decided in reference to the business
of the Senate, and the first thing it strikes me that
we ought to do is to dispose of the motion for the
reference of the President's message. In regard
to the taking of testimony in this case, we can
take up the resolution in the morning hour to-
morrow or any other time, I care not when, and
decide it; but 1 do not regard it as one of those
questions which takes preccdence over all others.
Umight have been so when it was firstintroduced;
but it has already been once postponed, and a ma-
jority can continue to postpone it as they choose.
Mr. BIGGS. It seems to me that, by the course
•which is being pursued, the order of business in
the Senate is becoming quite complicated. We
had introduced, by unanimous consentyesterday,$
the messageof the Presidentof the United States.
Upon thata motion was made, by unanimous con-
sent, for the printing and reference of the mes-
sage. That is the unfinished business; and that is
the business regularly before the Senate, on which
die Senator from Massachusetts is entitled to the
floor. Now, it seems to me that, without unan-
imous consent, although the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts may yield the floor to the Senator from
Illinois, we should be doing very wrong to take
up another subject, either for consideration or for
postponement. Considering the propriety of the
order of business, it seems to me that, although
the Senator from Massachusetts does yield the
floor to the Senator from Illinois, he has not the
right to make the motion, unless by theunanimous
consent of the Senate, because it is entirely out
of order, as the business of the Senate now stands.
If that be the ruling of the Chair, as it seems to
me proper it should be the ruling of the Chair,
with all due deference to other Senators and to the
Chair itself, I object to the Senator from Illinois
making this motion on the present occasion; and
insist that we shall proceed with the business
properly before us, on which the Senator from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I think there would have
be.cn no difficulty about this case whatever, if it
had not been for a remark, which seems to be
quite extraordinary, by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciaiy, that this ques-
tion, which is a privileged one, and concerns the
rights and dignity of the body and the constitu-
tion of the body itself, could be or ought to be
postponed upon any ground of expediency in re-
gard to the votes of the sitting members on meas-
ures which are to be decided by the body. I
think but for that suggestion, which he himself,
when he comes to reflect on it, will consider an
unfortunate one, there would have been no debate
on the proposition to assign an early day for the
consideration of this resolution. It is demanded
on the part of the minority of the committee, and
it is assented to by the sitting members. For one,
I think that there is no question so important to
the Senate as the maintenance of its own integ-
rity, its own dignity, its own honor, and that
when the seat of any member Is challenged, the
first, the highest duty of the Senate, paramount
to all others, is to give it such consideration as
can be given to it consistently with the dispatch
' of the business of the country before the Senate
at the time.
I quite agree with what has been said by the
honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
and others, that there js no necessity for having
a vote to take up this question to-morrow. The
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
or any other Senator, can, to-morrow, move to
take it up, and I do not think it important that
the debate on the President's special message of
yesterday should be delayed for the consideration
of this question. I presume that the message will
find a reference in the course of to-day or to-
morrow. When itis referred, then this question
can be taken up, and either considered immedi-
ately or at some early day thereafter.
35
I throw out these views for the purpose of sug-
gesting to my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] that he can to-morrow, if the condi-
tion of public business shall favor it, call for the
consideration of this question; and although 1 am
holding my mind open on the question in regard
to the rights of these Senators to their seats, yet I
will go with him, or with anybody else here, in
arriving, at as early a day as possible, at the ques-
tion of the title to those seats or any others. I
should not ask any other course in my own case,
and I am glad to see that the honorable gentlemen
who are concerned in this matter do not ask any
other course m theirs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir-
ginia assumes that nothing is to be done in this
case except to pass the resolution to take testi-
mony. We think that 110 testimony is requisite,
that all the facts are here essential to a proper de-
cision of the case; and that being so, it may be
decided at once. But, not to interfere with the
Senator from Massachusetts, who has the floor
to-day on another subject, I will give notice that
I shall to-morrow morning move to proceed to the
consideration of this subject; and now I ask leave
to withdraw the motion which I made to make it
a special order for to-morrow, so that he may take
the floor and proceed with his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No action having
been taken on the motion, the Senator has a right
to withdraw it.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. WILSON. I am informed that Senators
desire that the President's message shall be printed
now, and that the debate shall go on upon the
question of reference; I therefore ask that, by
unanimous consent, it may be ordered that the
message and the constitution accompanying it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
under the rules goes to the Committee on Print-
ing, unless by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate that be dispensed with. [Agreed.]
Mr. HUNTER. I hope consent will be given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the order will be made to print
the message and the accompanying documents.
The question now is on the motion to refer the
message to the Committee on Territories, to which
motion the Senator from Massachusetts has of-
fered an amendment proposing certain instruc-
tions to the committee.
Mr. WILSON. This application, Mr. Presi-
dent, for the admission of Kansas into the Union,
into this sisterhood of freeCommonwealths,comes
to usunder circumstances thatdemand theprompt,
thorough, and full investigation of the Senate and
of the House of Representatives. Charges have
been made by the people of Kansas, by Govern-
ment officials in Kansas, of illegalities and frauds
—illegalities and frauds which have deprived the
people of that Territory of their rights, and de-
feated their will. These reports have gone over
the country, over the Christian and civilized
world, bringing dishonor and shame upon free
Democratic institutions. Under these circum-
stances, sir, I take it that every man, every Sen-
ator here, every member of Congress, every fair
minded and honorable man throughout the Re-
public, desires, before we vote to bring Kansas
into the Union or to rcjcct her application, that
all the facts connected with the calling of the con-
vention to frame a constitution, the election of
delegates, the framing of the constitution, the
mode of submission to the people, the election
under the constitution, and all the questions con-
cerning the rights and the interests of the people
of Kansas shall be fully investigated. To accom-
plish this object, which every honorable gentle-
man in America must desire, I have submitted
the motion that the Committee on Territories be :
instructed to make this investigation, and that
they have power to send for persons and papers.
I indulge the hope, Mr. President, that every
Senator on this floor will promptly vote for these
instructions, apd that the Committee on Territo-
ries will make the most searching, thorough, and
complete investigation into this whole subject; afid
if there be frauds; if there be wrongs; if there foe
anything in the action of that Territory that baf-
fles the popular will; that robs the people of theft
rights, that the facts will be presented to the Sen-
ate and to the country, and that we shall be"guide&
on this great question, which now arrests the pro-
found attention of the country, by the simple idea
of ascertaining the real will of the people of the
Territory of Kansas, and letting that will control
our action.
Before I sit down, sir, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to some of the allusions, as-
sumptions, and declarations of the President, in
this extraordinary communication to Congress.
The President told us, in his annual message,
that the attention of the country had been too
much drawn to the Territory of Kansas. I re-
gret, I think the country will regret, I think every
man who cares anything for right or justice;
who cares anything for the honor of the Amer-
ican name ana the American character; ay, any-
thing for the good name of the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic, will regret that the Presi-
dent himself had not devoted time enough to the
consideration of the affairs of Kansas to have en-
abled him to present to the Senate and the coun-
try, a full, intelligent, accurate, and truthful state-
ment of the events that have transpired in that
Territory. I say here, sir, what I know to be
tiue; what every intelligent man in the Senate
knows to be true; which the country and the
world know to be true—that the statements in
this message misrepresent, wholly and entirely,
the events that have transpired in that Territory;
and wherever this message goes, it will carry to
the world a stupendous and gigantic misrepre-
sentation of affairs in the Territory of Kansas.
I know, sir, that the President cannot be ex-
pected, in the midst of the vast duties that de-
volve upon him, to understand everything that
has transpired in that Territory. He was out of
the country when the act for the organization of
Kansas was passed; he was out of the country
during the eventful years of 1854 and 1855, and
a portion of 1856; years in which events of great
magnitude transpired in Kansas. He was nom-
inated, we all" know, sir, because he was out of
the country, and had no connection with those
events, because he was able to prove an alibi.
But, sir, ho sends to us, to men familiar with the
events of the past four years, this message, cov-
ering this application for the admission of Kan-
sas, on the application of John Calhoun, the pres-
ident of that convention, and he gives a coloring
to events in that Territory which will give to the
country and to the world about as correct an idea
of the affairs of that Territory as the bulletins of
Napoleon gave to the people of France of the con-
dition of the grand army on their retreat from
Moscow.
The President tells us that there is a delusion in
the country in regard to the condition of affairs in
Kansas; that it is supposed there are two parties
in that Territory contending for the government of
the Territory. He gives us to understand that this
is not the fact, that there is not a great free-State
party struggling to make Kansas a free State, and
a slave-State party struggling to make Kansas a
slave State; that these two parties are not contend-
ing on the soil of that Territory for mastery; and
he would have the country to understand that this
is not the state of affairs in that Territory, but
there is a party of law and order, aparty that le-
gitimately and legally governs the Territory; and
that there is another party setting at defiance the
laws of Congress and the Constitution of the coun-
try, and that they are laboring to overthrow by
lawless violence the government of the Territory
and to impose on the peopleaconstitution of their
own choice. Now, sir, I know, you know, every
man here knows that this is not the fact. I say here
to-day that there is no party and there has boon no
party in the Territory of Kansas settingat defiance
the Constitution of the United States, or the laws
of the United States; no party, nobody, no set of
