1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
laid aside to be reported to the- House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. JEWETT. What was the trespass? •
Mr. CLAY. Whilst Captain Clay's regiment
was in Louisville—the regiment commanded by
Colonel Marshall, now amember ofthis House—a
lieutenant was ordered to proceed to accrtain house
ofill-fame in Louisville, Kentucky, to arrest some
deserters. The squad of men under the command
of this lieutenant was fired upon from the house
and one or two men and one or two horses were
killed. Captain Clay was awakened in his tent
in the middle of the nightand ordered by Colonel
Field, then in command, to enter the house and
bring in the deserters. In obedience to that order
he took his command, surrounded the house,
broke open the door and brought back the desert-
ers. For thus obeying the order of his command-
ing officer, he was sued in the court at Louisville
by the person to whom the house belonged, and
judgment was recovered against him for trespass,
which he paid. It is to pay him that amount
which he paid in obedience to the writ of the court
at Louisville, and in the prosecution of his duty
in carrying out the commands of his superior offi-
cers, that the first section of the bill is intended.
The amount is some seven hundred and odd dol-
lars.
The claim which he originally made for prop-
erty which he had lost was for $1,373. The com-
mittee of this House, however, refused to grant
him that amount, but allowed him in their report
the smaller amount of $760, which is the amount
contained in the second section of this bill. The
articles of property which he lost are enumerated
in the report, and were considered by the com-
mittee only such as were proper for an officer of
the Army to have.
Those items are winter and summer clothes,
sash and epaulets, bedding, camp and clothes
chests, kitchen and table furniture, one horse,
foundered by soldiers ridmg, and dead, one horse
taken by the Mexicans, one mule, two dueling
pistols and a revolver, worth, altogether, $760.
The property was lost many years ago. All the
items have been satisfactorily proved and are all
allowed by the Committee of Claims of this
House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I desire to move
to strike out the second scctionof the bill. I agree
entirely with the gentleman as to the propriety of
passing the first section.
The CHAIRMAN. :
Kentucky yield the floor?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I thought the
gentleman had concluded his remarks.
Mr. CLAY. I yield to the gentleman from
Louisiana.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I agree entirely
with my friend from Kentucky, that the amount
provided for by the first section of the billshould
be pfad; every principle requires that it should be
paid. But I am equally convinced that it would
be improper to pay the amount provided for by
the second section. It would be establishing a
principle that I think would be extremely dan-
gerous, and one that ought never be recognized
under any system of government. When a per-
son engages in the military service, it is not to be
presumed that he is to be compensated by the
public for the loss of his private property incident
upon the ordinary contingencies of a military
campaign. It is one of the risks which he ta,kes
when he engages in the military service.
Mr. MASON. I think the gentleman does not
understand the facts uf this case. Captain Clay
was compelled to abandon this property by the
order of ins superior officer.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. In the military
service, in almost all instances, the private bag-
gage of the officer has to be abandoned to the care
of others. In making rapid military movements'
it cannot be avoided. No human art or contri-
vance can prevent the risk of these losses. It is
incompatible with the discharge of military-duties
t|j[ t a man should be at. all times in charge of his
own property. It must be intrusted to other pub-
lic agents; and that is one of the ordinary risks
which, in my view, is taken by persons who en-
gage m the military service. I do not, however,
wish to discuss the question. I thought, when I
look the'floor, that the gentleman from Kentucky
had concluded his remarks.
Mr. CLAY. In leply to my friend from Lou-
isiana, 1 will merely observe that perhaps he Is
right in the general principle; but I think that
there should be exceptions. I think it would be
unjust and improper that a gentleman should be
allo wed for all the baggage and all the articles
which he might lose in time of war. But there
are certain articles necessary—absolutely neces-
sary—to the soldier and to the man, which, under
ordinary circumstances, he might take with him;
and which, under all circumstances, perhaps, he
( ought to have with him; but which, certain exi-
| gencies, like those in the case of Captain Clay,
! prevent him from carrying with Mm. The Com-
| mittce of Claims threw out all those articles which
one would ordinarily have, but which might not
ordinarily accompany his person, and allowed
Captain Clay for the articles only which he was
obliged to abandon on account of the forced march
that he was ordered to make. I think that in his
case an exception ought to be made to the general
rule.
' But, sir, I do not wish to discuss the question,
or to detain the committee. I would merely state,
in addition to what I have already said, that the
Court of Claims, in reference to the first item, at
least, have recognized its justice; but have stated
that they had notlegal power to accede to the claim,
and recommend it as one eminently addressed to
the equity of Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Was Captain Clay
an officer of a mounted regiment?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Before my
colleague takes his seat, I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor]
to the fact that &340 of the $700 provided for in
the second section, which he proposes to strike
out, is for Mr. Clay's horses, which he left be-
hind him when he was ordered away from camp.
Mr. CLAY. There is one other circumstance
which I will mention. Before the end of this
forced march, which Captain Clay was ordered
to make, he was taken prisoner, so that he never
retailed to the camp to look after his baggage and
effects; he remained a prisoner for many months.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I move to strike
out the second section of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have got the ac-
count before me, and it does not appear what por-
tion of the account has been allowed, or is pro-
posed to be allowed. Here is " one gold watch,
cost $350."
Mr. CLAY. That is stricken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Here is " two suits
of clothes, (new,) sixty-five dollars each, ^130.
Mr. CLAY. That is stricken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. "Twelve new
shirts, five dollars each, sixty dollars."
Mr. CLAY. That is stricken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. " One hunting rifle,
thirty-five dollars."
Mr, CLAY. That is stricken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. " One horse, found-
ered by soldiers riding, and dead, $150." This
is an irregular trespass on the party, not by au-
thority of anybody, and, most certainly, not a
liability for which the United States could be held
responsible. Was this just a horse that was use-
less in camp, and that the boys took m hand for
a frolic?
Mr. CLAY. How could the owner of this
horse take care of him while he was a prisoner?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know any-
thing of that.
Mr. CLAY. This horse was left under the
charge of the officeis of the United States while
his owner was a prisoner, and tho'horse was lost
while in their charge.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman how many hoises this captain was en-
titled to? I see he lost one, taken by the Mexi-
cans. I sec, also, that he had a mule. He also
lost two dueling pistols and one revolver, worth
$120. -
Mr. CLAY. It is stated all round that this
officer was entitled to have these horses—one for
himself, one for his servant, and a baggagemulc,
ail of which he lost.
The reading of the report was called for.
The report was read, as follows:
Cassias M. Clay vs. the United States.
Opinion of the couit, delivered by Blackfoul, J.:
The petition in ibis case contains two distinct demands.
The first demand is as follows:
During the late war between the United States and Mex-
ico, your petitioner was a captain in the service of the Uni-
ted Stares. He was attached to the Kentucky regiment of
cavalry under Colonel Marshall, and, preparatory to depart-
ing for Mexico, was stationed at or near Louisville, Ken-
tucky, On the third of July, 1846, the day before said regi-
ment embarked for Memphis, a guard, under the command
of Lieutenant Sartin, was ordered to Louisville to appre-
hend and bring m deserters, a considerable number of whom
were said to be in a house of ill-fame, belonging to or kept
by one Eliza Bowles. Lieutenant Sartin proceeded to the
execution of the order. He was dressed in his uniform and
accompanied by the guard which he commanded. On ar-
riving at the house indicated, he was not only denied ad-
mission, but fired upon from the house. Two of his men
were wounded and a horse killed. He returned to camp,
reported the circumstances, and, in addition to what ha 
been above stated, added that some were supposed to be
killed in the encounter.
About one or two o'clock in the morning, your petitioner
was awakened in his twit by Colonel Field, then in com-
mand, who oidcred him to take a icinforcement, to enter
the house and bring in the deserters.
Your petitioner, being a suboidmate officer, felt himself
imperatively bound to obey the orders of his superior in au-
thority. Anticipating, from what had previously occurred,
that resistance would be made, the house was quietly sur-
rounded, and orders given that all the doors should be sim-
ultaneously bioken open. This was what he deemed a
prudent order, calculated as well to effect the object which
was to be accomplished, as by the promptness of the move-
ment to pievent the effusion of blood. His orders were
obeyed, but it appeared that the deserters of whom he was
in quest, had escaped through a back way. No man was
found on the premises but one by the name of Steed. The
soldiers, who were exasperated at the conduct of the in-
mates of the house on the previous evening, were with
gieat personal difficulty on his part, prevented irom taking
summary vengeance upon Steed and Mrs. Bowks. He suc-
ceeded in protecting them from personal injury, and not
only did his conduct receive the commendation and appro-
val of the commanding officer under whose orders he had
acted, but Mr. Steed expressed his personal thanks and
gratitude for this piotection which he had been able to af-
tord him.
Youi petitioner further shows that after his return from
Mexico a suit was instituted against him for tins alleged
uespass byMrs. Bowles,ahc.$ Lang,anda vordiet'rendered
against hun, upon which judgment was pionounced, which,
in October, 1848, amounted, punoipal, interest, and costs,
to the sum of live hundred and thirty-three dollars and
twenty cents, which he has paid.
The prayci of this fhat pait of the petition is, that the
claimant may be reimbuised the amount recoveied against
him as aforesaid. There is no legal giound for that claim.
The Government does not undertake to indemnify the offi-
cers of the Army as to damages which may be recovered
against them m cases like the piesent.
Supposing the order, which is not very distinctly stated,
to be that the claimant should break open the house of Mrs.
Bowles for the purpose mentioned, it was no justifica-
tion for the trespass, because the older was unlawful. An
officer is justifiable in acting under the order of Ins superior
officer, if that order is legal, (2 Stat, at Laige, 361 ;) but not
if the older be illegal. (Mitchell w. Harmony, 13 Howard,
137 )
Theie is nothing in the petition to show that Colonel
Field had any authonty to order the house to be broken
open. If it was ncecsbaty so to enter the house to search
i< r debitors, the proper authonty to do so should have been
obtained from a civil magistrate. It appears fiom a docu-
ment, made pait of the petition, that in the suit in which
the judgment was recoveied, the claimant's plea of justifi-
cation, undur said oidei, was held to be insufficient, on the
giound that the oider was unlawful; and that decision is no
doubt correct. We aie th^ielore of opinion that the Gov-
ernment is not legally hound to indemnify the claimant
agamst the judgment. There aie cases in which Congress
has reheved military officers, acting under unlawful orders,
trom judgments rendered against them. Mitchell's case,
(10 Stat. at Large, 727,) cited by the claimant's counsel, is
such a one. But the power to relieve in such eases belongs,
we believe, exclusively to Congress.
The other pait of the petition is as follows:
In November or December, J846, the claimant was or-
deied by Colonel Marshall to disperse, by a forced march,
a band of robbers who were thieatenmg the tram from Ca-
maigo to Monteiey. Upon reaching the point wheic it was
supposed that his services would be required, he was or-
deied to Monterey: fiom Monterey to Saltillo, by General
Marshall; from Saltillo to Balomas, by General Butler; fiom
Palomas to Encarnacion, by Major Games. At this last
place he was taken prisoner. Under these circumstances,
alt the baggage and property which he had with hun in Mex-
ico were lost, including many valuable papers. The actual
co?.t of the articled thus lost amounted to upwards of thir-
teen hundred and seventy dollar-*. The items are set out m
a memoi ial to Congress, winch is made pait of this petition.
This la^ mentioned claim, which 13 i'or the value of good*
taken by the enemy m tune of war, cannot be sustained.
YatteJ, in speaking of damages to real estate caused by the
enemy, says : " All the subjects are exposed to such dam-
age!; ; and woe to him on whom they fall! The members, of
a society may well encounter such risk of propoity, since
they encounter a similar ri^k of life itself. Were the State
strictly to indemnify all those whose propcrtv is injmed in
tins manner, the public finances would soon be exhausted,
and every individual m the State would be obliged to con-
mbutc his sijaic m due proportion, a thing utteily lmpiac-
tieable." (Vattel'sLaw of Nations, chapter 15, section 232.)
We think the reason of that rule is as applicable to the sei-
zure of peisonal propoity as it is to damages to real estate.
The present claim is not founded on any general law, and
this cmnt therefore furnishes no remedy for the loss.
There will not, therefore, be any order for testimony in
this case.
Mr. Before the motion be put, T
beg leave to say a word. It is proper, beyond
