THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
June 3.
would then be as between the amendment thus
adopted and the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia. It is the same as if it were
an entirety, the House taking the preliminary
votes in order to determine in what shape the
amendment of the gentleman from New York shall
be presented as an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. CLARK,of New York. Whatwouldbe
the effect on the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, if I should permit his first resolution to
be received as a substitute for my first resolution ?
The vote might then be taken upon the others,
and, to that extent, disembarrass the action of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That could only be done by-
unanimous consent, inasmuch as the main ques-
tion has been offered.
Objection was made.
Mr. SEWARD. We now vote between the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] and that of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark;] and afterwards the vole wMl
be between the amendments adopted and the ori-
ginal proposition.
The SPEAKER. The House will have an
opportunity of expressing an opinion on every
proposition that is submitted.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will there
be an opportunity when we come to vote on the
resolutions of the gentleman from Virginia to af-
firm his first resolution, and put the amendment
in lieu of his second resolution? I understand
that we vote separately on the resolutions of the
gentleman from Virginia. At some stage of it,
should we adopt a portion of the resolutions ot
the gentleman from New York, I understand that
then the choice will be between these resolutions
and the resolutions of the gentleman fromVirginia^
We will vote separately on the various clauses of
the resolutions of the gentleman from Virginia,
and may wc not affirm the first, clause, negative
the second, and take the amendments of the gen-
tleman from Now York?
The SPEAKER. If the [louse should adopt
any portion of the resolutions proposed by thegen-
tlcman from New York and the question comes
up between those adopted and the proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia, one or the other
must fall—both of them cannot be adopted.
Mr. lUKJUES. I would like to know whether
gentlemen see any difference between the first
resolution of the gentleman from New York and
the fust resolution of the gentleman from V11-
gima.
JYjh\ PHILLIPS. If o r of" the resolutions of
the gentleman from New \ eric be adopted and
the others rejected will that one be consideted a
substitute for the resolutions of the gentleman
from Virginia?
The SPEAKER. If one be adopted and the
others rejected, the question will arise as though
that had been the original proposition. The ques-
tion wili be between the resolution adopted and
the resolutions of the itentleman f'tom Virginia.
The resolutions were again reported.
Mr. FOLEY. I move to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Mr. WAS1IRURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that, motion.
Mr. KOLEY. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire that the
gentleman who ask'-d for a separate vote on each
resolution of tin; proposition of the gentleman
from New York .shall withdraw that eill. We
have three r?efs of resolutions presented; and it
seems to me that every gentleman can find in one
of three sets his opinions e.leai ly expressed. Let
us take the vote on the proposition of the gentle-
man from Now ork as a whole.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
a vote on the question as it now stands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays on the first resolution.
The yeas and nays weio ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The first res-
olutions of both propositions are precisely the
same: and I do not sec the necessity of voting
twice on the same thing. I hope, therefore, that
the first resolution of the amendment will be with-
drawn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Understanding that the
first resolution of the proposition of the gentleman
from New York is the same as that of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I will withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs first on
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the evidence reported by the select com-
mittee as to the recent sale of the military reservation dt
Fort tfnellnig has faded to exhibit any fact or circumstance
to impeach the personal or official integrity of the feecretaty
of War.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was taken; and it was decided in
j the affirmative—yeas 133, nays GO; as follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
I Avorv Barksdaio, Bingham, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham,
j Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Bums, Caskie,
t Cavanaugh, Chapman, Horace F. Clark, John B. Claik,
I dawson, Clay. Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill,
i Corning, Cox, James Onus, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
! Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis ot Iovva.Dim-
I illicit, Dowdell. fvIintinelson, Elliott.Unglish,Eusjis, Faulk-
| nei, Florence, Fnlev, Garnett, Gaiticll, GiUis, Gilmer,
' Goode, Gi eon wood, Gieirg, Groosbeck, Lawrence W. Hall,
' J. Moiiihon liairis, Thomas L. Hams, Hatch, Hawkins,
i Hopkins, IIoiton. Houston,Howayl, Hughes,Ihiylor, Jack-
I son. Jenkins, Je'wett, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones,
' Owen Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M. Kuiikcl, John C. Kun-
kel, Lamar, Landv, Lculj, Letcher, Mac lay, McQueon,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel fcS. Marshall, Mavnaid, Miles,
Milhon. Moore. Niblack, Nichols, Pendleton, Pej ton, John
S. Phelps, William \V. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Q,uituian3
Ilcadv, Reagan, Rcilly, tticaud, RufFm, Riwsell, Sandidge,
Kava«'e, Scales Scott, Searinc, .Seward, Ilcmy M. Shaw,
Shotter, Singleton, Robcit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Sialhvoiih, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Siewai t, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,Tnppe, Un-
derwood, Vallandigham, Waid, White, Wlntcley, Wins-
low, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and
ZolheoHer—U'-i.
NA V'rf—Messrs, Abbott. Andrews, Bliss, Bnmnton, liur-
linpamo, tturron;.<hs, Case, Challec, Ezra Clark, Clark 1J.
Coelnane, Colfax", Cumins, Covodc, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Dawes, llean, Dick, Dodd, Faniswortii, Fcnton, Foa-
tei, Oilman, Hooch, Goodwill, Gian^er, Grow, llailan,
Hoard, Rolloutr, Kliapp, Leuer, laiveioy, Morgan, Moiull,
F.eeniaii 11 Moi-e,ohvci A. Mow, Molt, Mnnay, Palmer,
1'aikei, i'ethl, Potter, Potllo, Ruliliins, lioyee, John Slici-
nian, Jndson VV. Slloitnan, Spume!, 'L'appali, 'rnoin|ison,
Tompkins, Wade, VValliiidttc, Waldion, Walton, Cadwal-
aderC. Waslihimi, Elhliu II. Wasliliume, Israel Wuslibuui,
and Wilson—1)0.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pentium the above call,
Mr..CUAlGE, of North Carolina, stated that
on this question he Had paired off with Mr. Edie.
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Damnum., had paired off with Mr. Carutiieks.
Mr. MOLllilS, of Illinois, said, that not having
had an opportunity to explain ins position, he
would rel'inin from voting.
UARtvSDALE. I object to debate.
ENROLI.RH BILL.
D VVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
Ihlls, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
  authorizing Commander M. l'\ iVlanry to
accept a o'oM medal awarded to him by the JLm-
peror of Austria; when the Speaker signed the
same.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the Unitedlitates, by Mr. J. B. IIenry, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
approved and signed the bill making appropria-
tions for the legislative, cxccutive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1850.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A messaee was received from the Senate, by
Mr. AsmtRY Dickins, their Secretary, informing
I the House that the Senate had passed an act (S.
| "No. 3:23) to confirm the sale ot' the reservation
j held by the Christian Indians, and to provide a
! permanent home for said Indians; in which he
| was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
| SALE OF FORT SNEI.LING.
1 Mr. DAVIDSON. As this report is going to
i take up the whole day, I m«ve to lay the subject
i on the table.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
I yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAIIK, of New York. I rise to a point
' of order. It is, that after we have voted for the
first resolution, it is not in order to lay the sub-
> ject on the table, the House having agreed by
; common consent that there should be a separate
i vote taken on each resolution.
Mr.
Mr.
idled
olnti
I renew it; and call for the
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order. The
effect of the motion is to lay the whole subject on
the table, together with the proposition voted for.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is not
the point. The question is, whether this motion
is not a breach of good faith ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question for
the Chair to decide.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If that is the view takon of
it, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I was in the House when
this matter was discussed, and I say there, was
no such understanding or agreement with me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the first reso-
lution has been, voted upon as a substitute, it is
but fair that we should have a vote on the other.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I have withdrawn my mo-
tion.
Mr. CLEMENS.
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 340; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Adrain, Anderson, Arnold, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bonham, Bowie, Burnett, Burns, Caskie,
Chapman, Clemens, Cockerill, Corning, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, Diminiek, Dowdell, Elliott, English, 1'aulknei,
Floienee. Foley, Gamoit, Giilis, Goode, Gregg, Lawience
W. Hall,' Ilawkms, Hopkins, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
J. Glancy Jones, Owen Joiius, lUiIIin, Russell, Sandidge,
Saviv^e, Scott, dealing, S'loiier, Samuel A. Smith, Vatlail-
dntliaiii, Ward, White, Wlntelcy, Wmslow, and JohnV.
Wnjlit—68.
NAY3—Wessis. Abbott. Andrews, Atkins, Bilbngburst,
Tiimrhain. Bli.-s, JSocoek, Boyce, Brand), Biayton, Bnffin-
ton, IJurlni^ainc, Case, Cavanau^li, CliaO'ee, Ezra Clark,
Hoiace F. Clark, John I>. Clark, dawson, Clay, Oobb,
Clink B. Coelnane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comills, Co-
vode, Coy, Ciagin, .lames Cram, Cm Us, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of i\Ias-,aclniscits, Davis of tovva,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Duifeo, Edimindson, Enstis,
Farnsworth, Fcnton, Foster, (Jartiell, Oilman, Gilmer,
Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood, Groesheek, Grow, llailan,
.1. Moiuson Han is, Thomas L. Uarris, Haskin, Hatch, Hill,
lloaid, lloiton, Houston, Ilowaid, flnytev, Jcwett, George
W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelsev, Kilgoic, lvnapp, John C. ICun-
kel, T.eidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Alai.-li ill, Mason, Mavnaid, Millson, Morgan, Morrill,
Edu-aid Jov Mollis, Isaac N. Moms, Freeman II. Morse,
Olivei A. Moiso. Mott, Murray, Nichols, X'ulmcr, Parker,
1'eltit, Joins K. I'liflps, I'lke, Potter, Pottle, JPurviance,
Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ricand, ltitelue, Uobhins, Robeits,
Boyce, Scales. Aaron" Shaw, IIenry M. Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson AV. Sherman, SmL'lelon, Xtobert Snntll,
William Smith, Spmnei, Ptalhvortb, Stanton, Stephens,
Stevenson, .Tallies A. Stewart, William Stewart, Talbot,
Tappan, Georce Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Trippe, Untleiwood, Wade, Walbiidge, Wal-
dion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Waail-
iiurne, 1-1:i'■ 1 Waslilmtn, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, Atigu.tus R. Wiight, and ZoHicofl'er—140.
So the whole subject was not laid upon the
table.
The next of the resolutions proposed by Mr.
Ci.aiik, of New Yoik, was then read, as follows:
a, iolml, That the management of the sale by the agents
aniboi ized by the Seeieian- of War, to conduct the same,^
was liiiudieious and unpropei, and resulted, by reason of
its want of publicity, in the e\e!itMon of tliat competition
among pei^on° desiimy to puiebase, wlueii, nndei the cir-
euin.stances, should have been permitted.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tbe question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 12'3, nays 64; as follows:
YI'IAS —Mcssis. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Avery, Bil-
hu liu >t,Bincli*m, Rh?s, Boyce, Buffinton, Case, Clmflee,
E'/rn Clarlc, Hoiaco F. Claik, Clawson, Clay, Cobb, Claik
B. Cochrane, John Cochiano, Colfax, Conuns, Ciagin,
James Cr.ag, CuiU^, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, T)ick, Dodd, Durfec, Eustis,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Folev, Foster, Garnfitt, Ghrtrel!, Gil-
man, Gilmer, Good), Goodwin, Granger, Giocsbecli.Grow,
Hailan, J. Moiridon Havris, Thomas L Harris, Haskm,
Hill, Hoard, lloiton, Houston, Howard, JewctL, George W.
Joncrf. Kellogg, KeNey, KiJ^ore, Knapp, John U. IvunkPl,
Ij'.'itci. Lovojoy. Hnmplir<-y Marshall, Sauuui Mai-hall,
3Ma«on, Mavnaul, IMilKon. Morgan, Momll, Edwaid Joy
Moins, Uaac N. Motrin, Freeman H. Mor-=e, Oliver A.
Moi so, Molt, Muriav. NieiioB, Palmni, Parker, Tettit, Tike,
Pottri, Votth-. Pui vi.mcc, Quitman, I{pady,lleagan, Ricaud,
Ritchie, llob!)ins\ Roberts, Rovce, Scales, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jndson \V. Sheiman,
Siekli'^, Sniirleion, Ilobeit Smith, Spinner, StaUworth,
Stanton, William Stcwatt, Tappan, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Thajor, Thotnp&on, Tompkins, Tnppe, Lnuer-
wood. \\ ado, \\Talbinlae, Wuldum, Walton, Cadwaladei C.
Washburn, Filiihu B. Washbuino, Isiaol Wasliharn, Wil-
son, Woodson, Augustus R. Wright, and ZolhcofFer—?23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adi.un, Ahl, Barksdale, Bishop, Bon-
ham. Bowie, Bmncttj Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John
B Clark, Clemens, Coming, Cox, CiawfotJ, Cinry,
Dividson. Dnmnick, Dowdell, Edmund?ori_, 3i.liiott, Flor-
ence, Gill'.s, Goode, Greenwood, Gre'jj, Hawkins. Hop-
kins, Ilu-'iics IlnyJer, Jackson, J. Giaticy Joupx, KpiU,
Kellv, Lamar. Landv. Leulv, /.etcher, Miles, Miller, Nib-
lack'. Peyton. John S. Phelps. Powell, Keilly, Rnffin, Bus-
scll/SandKlj?e, Savage, Scott Searing, Shorter, bamuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A*
