mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M.Kunkel,
LSmar, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Miles, Miller,
MillsoiL Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Jolm S,
Phelps,William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Reilly,
Ruffin, Russell, Sandiilge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, William Smith, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Vallandigham, Ward,
White, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Wortendyke, and Jolm
V. Wright—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Bliss, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Horace P. Olark, John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clark B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Comics, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Eustis, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Foster, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin,Hill,
Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, ICnapp, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Po'ttle, Pur-
vianee, feobbins, Roberts, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Jud-
son W. Sherman, Sickles, Robert Smith, Spmner, Stall-
worth, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Zollicoffer—95.
So the motion was dissented to.
Pending the call,
Mv.BRYAN stated that he had voted for the
substitute in good faith, but that now he must vote
against the original report.
Mr. SMITH, ofTennessee, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Kunkel, of Pennsylvania,
until five o'clock.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Davis, of Mississippi.
The question then recurred on the first resolu-
tion reported by the committee, as follows-:
Resolved, That the sale of the military post of Fort Snell-
ing, and so much of the reservation attached to it as was
necessary for military purposes, made on the 6th day of
June, 1857, under the authority of the Secretary of War,
the same being then and now retained under the authority
of that Department, because necessary for military pur-
poses, was without authority of law.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billmghurst, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case, Chaffee, Horace
F. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Co-
nuns, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis or Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Eustis, Fenton, Foster, Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, ThomtS L. Harris, lias-
kin, Hill, Hoard, Uorton, Howard,Kellogg, Kelsey, linapp,
Inciter, Lovcjoy, Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Morguu,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morrii, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II.
Morac, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Parker,
Pettit. l'ike, Potter, Bobbins, Roberts, John Sherman, Jud-
son W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe, Wade, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, JEIliliu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Branch, Bryan,
Burnett, Bums, Caskie, Cavanaugli, Chapman, John (!.
Clark, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning, Cox,
James Craig, Dowdell, Edrnundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Flor
ence, Foley, Garnett, Gillis, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,Hopkins,
Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, J- Glaney Jones, Keitt,
Jacob M. Kunkcl, Lamar, Lamly, Lcidy, Letchei, Maclay,
McClucen, Samuel S. Marshall, Miles, Miller, Million,
Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelpi, Wil-
liam W. Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Reilly, Rufliu, Russell,
Sandiilge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Soaring, Henry 51. Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson,
Jatnes A. Stewart, Talbot, Vallandigham, Ward, Wlnteley,
Winslow, Wortendyke, and John V. WugUt—86.
So the resolution was rejected.
Pending the call,
Mr. WARD stated that his colleagues, Mr.
Kelly and Mr. Palmer, had paired oft".
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, as the lead-
ing resolution reported from the committee has
been rejected, I move to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Has there been any change
in the question which will make the repetition of
the motion to lay upon the table in order ?
The SPEAKER. A vote has been taken since,
and a resolution rejected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Baiks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Bryan, Burnett,
Burns, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning. Cox, James
Craig, Curry, Diimnick, Dowdell, Edrnundson, Elliott, Eus-
tis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, Gilhs, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hop-
kins, Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
McQueen, Miles, Miller, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Reilly, Ruf-
fin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Sew-
s bard, Henry M. Shaw, Singleton,William Smith, Stallworth,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Vallandigham,
Whiteley, Winslow,Wortendyke, and John V, Wright—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Abhott, Andrews, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bliss, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case, Chaffee,
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Mississippi,Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes,
. that he had paired
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Foster, Gilman, Gil-
mer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Haskin, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg,
Kelsey. Knapp,Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Murray, Parker, Petf.it, Pike, Potter, Robbing,
Roberts, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Sickles, Robert Smith, Spinner, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
and Israel Washburn—76.
So the subject was laid upon the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. PURVIANCE stated
off with Mr. White.
Mr. MOTT stated that Mr. Clawbon had
paired off with Mr. Phelps, of Minnesota.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Shorter
had paired off with Mr. Cragin.
The vote was then announced as above re-
ported.
Mr. CLEMENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the subject was laid upon the table;
and also moved to I^y the motion to reconsider
upon the table; but subsequently withdrew both
motions.
JOHN HOLLAND.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr.'Speaker, I have
received letters which require me to go home to-
morrow. There is only one bill on the Private
Calendar in which a constituent of mine is inter-
ested, and ho is an invalid soldier, ninety-three
years old. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up his case. [Cries of " Agreed !"J
Then I move that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill (No. 631) granting an invalid
pension to John Holland, of Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETTLERS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
dischaiged from the further consideration of House bill (No.
xMG) entitled " A bill for the relief of certain settlers on the
public land in the State of Wisconsin," and that said bill be
considered at this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
Mr. BILLINGHURST moved to suspend the
rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, withdrew his objec-
tion.
Mr. CURRY. I move to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin by taking up Sen-
ate bill No. 202.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
more than two propositions at a time. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to say that I objected
the moment the resolution was offered; and I never
withdrew my objection.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I move to suspend
the rules, so as to enable me to introduce the res-
olution.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I move that this House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my objection; but
I give notice that I will object to everything out
of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Billing hurst's
resolution; and it was adopted.
The bill (H. R. No. 246) for the relief of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands in the State of
> Wisconsin was then taken from the Speaker's
table.
The bill directs that so much of the even-num-
bered sections of land selected by Wisconsin in
June, 1849, to satisfy the quantity of land due the
State under the act of Congress of August 8,1846,
granting land in aid of the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, as have been sold, or
contracted to be sold, by the State or its assigns,
under the laws thereof, be confirmed to the State,
as partof thegrant, and the title of the purchasers
declared to be valid as though the selections had
been made in conformity with law; provided, that
nothing contained in this act shall be construed to
increase the quantity of land to which the State is
entitled under that grant; and provided further,
that a schedule, duly certified by the owner, of the
lands sold and contracted for to be sold, prior to
the passage of the act, shall be filed in the Gen-
eral Land Office within six months from the date
of the act.
The second section enacts that every person,
being the head of a family, widow, or single man
over the age of twenty-one years, %vho, on the
11th of June, 1849, was, or since that time has
become, an actual settler and housekeeper, and
has made other improvements on any tract em-
braced in the even-numbered section selection,
which Wisconsin or its assigns has not sold or
contracted to sell, is entitled to the same right of
preemption, and upon the same terms and condi-
tions as are prescribed by an act entitled "An act
to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands and to grant preemption rights," ap-
proved September 4, 1841; provided, that this act
shall not be construed to convey to Wisconsin
any parts or portions of the even-numbered sec-
tion selections which the State or its assigns have
not actually sold, or contracted to sell, and the
title to which is not confirmed by the first sec-
tion of this act.
Mr. BILLINGHURST moved the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, .under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BILLINGHURST moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. QXFITMAN. I would inquire whether
this bill has come from a committee; and if so,
from what committee?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. This bill has been
before the Committee on Public Lands at the last
session, and at this; and has received the unani-
mous sanction of that committee, and ^recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BILLINGHURST moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOCATION OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 47, with a
view to putting it on its passage.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend
the rules, so as to take the bill from the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (S. No. 47)
confirming the locations of land warrants under
certain circumstances, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to say that
the Committee on Public Lands of the House, of
which I am a member, have had a bill exactly-
like this under consideration, and have unani-
mously recommended its passage. It has been in
my drawer for the last three months, and 1 have not
had an opportunity to report it. The Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office recommends its
passage.
The bill directs that in all cases in which loca-
tions have been made with bounty land warrants
on lands which were subject to entry at private
sale, but upon individual competition were put up
to the highest bidder, and excess paid for in cash,
such locations shall be confirmed, if in all other
respects regular; and authority is given to issue
