1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. BARKSDALE. I can answer the gentle-
man. If a superior officer gives an illegal order,
charges can be preferred against him, and a court-
martial can be ordered to try him. j
Mr. MILLSON. Indeed! indeed! Then you j
would punish the man who thinks an illegality, |
and you would let escape the man who does the
illegality. The man who merely says that a par-
ticular thing may be done innocently is to be pun-
ished, while ihe man who commits the-violation
of law escapes all punishment—and on the ground
that he is under the order of his superior!
Sir, I have argued the legal bearings of this bill
to very little effect, if I have not succeeded in show-
ing the committee that the common superior of all
these officers is the law.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Allow me to
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. I understood him to state that, where a
court has jurisdiction, if it makes an order, and
there is an error of judgment, the person execu-
ting it would not bo responsible. Now, I would
suggest to the gentleman from Virginia whether
the case before us is not embraced in this prin-
ciple; whether, in point of fact, the " court," in
this instance, had not jurisdiction, so as to justify
the execution of the order made by the officer to
whom it was directed ? In the military service
o'f the United States, power is civen to the officer
to retake the deserter. It was the first duty of the
colonel commanding this regiment to retake the
deserters. He had jurisdiction over the case, and
the order was given by him to effect a legal object.
Now, without entering into any of the minutiae, I
think that this consideration is sufficient at least
to enable us to dispose of this particular case.
Mr. MILLSON. The committee must have
perceived that I am made to deliver a speech in
spite of myself. I expected to detain the commit-
tee only five minutes, and yet I have been led into
such a range of discussion by the numerous inter-
ruptions of gentlemen, that 1 have been under i he
necessity of discussing this question tediously, I
fear, and at much greater length than the commit-
tee have patience to endure. I intended to say
but very little, and that was simply to declare that.
I could not vote for this bill, at least for the first
scction of it. I know but little of the other sec-
tion ; I do not know whether I have any objection
to that «i- not; but I do object to the first section
of the bill, because it involves principles mischiev-
ous and new in the legislation of this country. It
seems to sanction a departure from the law by an
"inferior officer, on no higher warrant than the
order of his military superior?
And how is he h-is superior? Ho is only his
superior because the law has made him so; and
the same law which makestheeolonel the. superior
of the captain, restrains the captain from doing
anything which the lawitself prohibits. Gentle-
men ask how this can be reconciled with the main-
tenance! of discipline in the Army? Why, sir, 1
have already stated that there are very many ques-
tions that give serious embarrassment to the per-
son having to solve them. Will the gentleman
from Mississippi maintain here that, if a slave
should commit an offense against the laws of Mis-
sissippi, he would not be punished because lie did
so by the order of his master5
Mr BARKSDALE. No, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. He docs not maintain that
doctrine; nor did I suppose he would. Certainly
the order of a masteraubrds no justification to the
slave for the violation of the laws of the land or
the committal of any crime; and yet does not my
friend see that the poor slave is placed in a veiy
pitiable condition of embarrassment5 He may
say, " if I perform the act I subject myself to the
halter, and if I do not perform the act I subject
myself to the punishment my master may inflict
upon me. Now what am I to do Sir, in that
condition is many a common sailor and soldier
placed, and many an officer. If he knows and
i'ecls that the act he is about to commit is a viola-
tion of law, he is safe in refusi ig to obey the order.
If he has doubts, why, perhaps, the safer plan is
to obey the command of his superior; but he does
so, taking the risk. He cannot plead his ignor-
ance of the law, because the maxim has been es-
tablished that ignorance of law excuses no one.
Mr. SEWARD. Iam going to vote for the first
section of this bill, and I propose to give my rea-
sons fordo nig-so. J believe, Mr. Chairman, that it
is. not denied here but the superior officer had am-
ple jurisdiction to control the subordinate, and
that the order to arrest the deserters was legal.
The only question of illegality in the case arises
from the fact that a private citizen felt that he. was
aggrieved by having his house broken into. That
was illegal. There is no doubt about the supe-
rior having authority to give the ordef. The only
question involved in the case is, did Mr. Clay act
in good faith in carrying out the order of his su-
perior? If he. did, and if, in doing so, the rights
of some private citizen were interfered with, by
which Mr. Clay made himself liable to the civil
authorities of the country, and for which he had
to respond in damages, then, as a question of
goo<l faith, on the broad principles of equity, I
say that the Governmentought to indemnify him,
and cannot fail to do so without dishonor.
Mr. CLAY. I do hope that we will dispose of
this small matter at once. This poor fellow
[laughter] for whom I have brought in this bill,
has lost a great deal; but I venture to say that if
he had known that so much valuable time of the
committee would he consumed by it, perhaps he
would never have allowed it to be brought in. I
trust we will take the question.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Mr. Clay belongs to the dis-
trict I have the honor to represent; and although
there is a wide difference between us in political
sentiments, 1 have no doubt of the justice of the
claim. I hope the committee will waste no more
time m its discussion, but will act immediately.
1 have had the circumstances which surround that
claim presented to me before, in my own district,
by the gentleman, and I believe he would make
no statement but what is true. I shall vote for
the claim, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. I move that the bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMA'N. The first question is upon
the motion to stuke out the first section of the
biH.
The question was' put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
^The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Taylor, of Louisiana, to strike out the second
scction—
Tellers were called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. DaUs of Indiana, and UiLUNGHtiRST
were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 81.
So the committee lcfused to strike out the sec-
ond section.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not desire to discuss
this matter further; hut as the gentleman from
Iowa quoted a law, a short time since, from recol-
lection, and I told him 1 did not tlunk the law
would sustain him, I wish to read the law. It is
this;
" Any olliccr or soldier who shall strike las superiot otii-
eei, o*'(liaw or hit up anv weapon, or offer ;iny violence
ngamr.1 Imti, being ni the o.\eeii!iou ot 1ms office, on any
i pielense wiiaHoevei, ui shall disobey any lawl'u! command
of his j-upeiioi tiliiccr, shall suffer death, or such other
]mnishnienl as shall, according to The nauiic of hisoficnse,
be infheiert upon lmn by the. sentence of a court-martial."
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. The chairman has
decided that this commiltee has the power to ori-
ginate a bill. I think that it is a dangerous pre-
cedent to set now upon the adverse report of the
Court of Claims: and I would move, if it is in
order, that this adverse report, together with the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Kentucky,
be reported to the [louse with a recommendation
that it be refened to the Committee of Claims, the
Commiltee on Military Allans, or some other
committee; ( am not particular which.
It is, sir, the first time within my lec.olleetion
and experience here when the Committee ot the
Whole House on the Private Calendar has ever
attempted to originate a bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As this case will
doubtless be, drawn into a precedent, and there
will be a numberof applications made to the next
Congress for payment for horses lost under sim-
ilar circumstances, would it be in order to move
to amend the bill so as to make it general—to sub-
stitute for til 1 S3 private claim aproposition provid-
ing tor all similar cases ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that an
amendment would not be in order to a private bill
of this character to provide for any general class
of cases. This is a orivate bill, standing upon
its own merifs. and such an amendment as the
gentleman from Virginia has indicated is not in
order.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to ask the Chair if the
amendment which I send up would be in order?
The ariiendment was read, as follows:
And that John C. Anderson, ot' Giecn county. Alabama,
he allowed the sum of $1.000, the value of a nfgi'o servant,
the property of said Anderson, lo«t duiing the sei vice of the
latter as lieutenant m the Mexican war.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] expect that,after the two
or three hours' discussion we have had upon this
subject, the House will be enlightened by refer-
ring the bill to a commitlee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot answer
the question.
The motion of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, was
disagreed to. I
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass
—ayes 87, noes 38.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
The next bill upon the Calendar was House
bill No. 197, for the relief of Charles J. Ingersoll.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] who reported this billfrom the Committee
of Elections, is unavoidably absent; and I hope,
by conscnt, it will be passed over until his return.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope we shall dispose of
it. It has been killed halfa dozen times already,
and I hope we shall kill it again.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is but justice to give my
colleague an opportunity of explaining why he in-
troduced it as:ain.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the com-
mittee will concur in the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. The gentleman who
j! reported the bill is unavoidably absent; and I will
j say further, that the gentleman from Georgia,
■ [Mr, Stephens,] who reported it from the com-
j mittee in the last Congress, and takes quite an
' interest m it, is confined to his house by sickness.
| I hope that by general consent the hill will be
j passed over, and permitted to retain its place on
I the Calendar.
:| Mr. FLORENCE. Is a motiori to postpone
ij the consideration of the bill in order?
ji The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. Objee-
!' tion is made to a postponement, and the commit-
|j tee must proceed to the consideration of the bill.
|i Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
rise.
]i The motion was disagreed to.
j! Mr. CRAWFORD. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Virginia objects to the bill being
!: passed ovcr?
i; Mr. LETCHER. I do, sir.
|! Mr. CllAWFORD. I would ask the gentleman
:! to withdraw his objection, for the reason that my
: colleague [Mr. Stepii'ens] is confined to his room
j; by indisposition, and that he feels much interest
j1 in the passage of this bill. He might desire to
!l submit some views in favor of its passage, and 1
hope, therefore, that the gentleman will withdraw
■' his objection.
! Mr.' FLORENCE. I trust sincerely the gen-
'' tleman from Virginia will not resist the second
! appeal made to him. Two gentlemen are absent
■ \ who are both interested in the bill, and anxious
!! for its passage.
It Mr. CR \WFORD. I will say to the gentle-
r man frouw Virginia that I feel no particular interest
.! in the bill myself, but I know that my colleague
,, dors.
'j Mr. LETCHER. I,too,feel some interest in
the bill. Here we have been harassed, and wor-
' ried,and bedeviled by this thing, year after year,
ever since I first came here. It is here now for
the seventh time, and I think it high time that we
: should make some final disposition of it. I believe
the principle is all wrong, and so believing, I shall
oppose it now; and I want it disposed of in one
II way or the other.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no interest in this
■ bill, but I was upon the Committee of glections
;! in the Thirty-Third Congress, and, if I remember
1 correctly, it is a very meritorious claim. I think
■ we might find fifty precedents for it upon the
statute-book.
;i I will state the case as I remember it, and if I
j- am incorrect I hope some gentleman will correct
I' me. Many years ago, there was a contest for a
