1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1685
seat for Philadelphia, between a gentleman of the
name of Naylor and Mr. Ingersoll, the claimant.
Ingersoll came here with the certificate of the Gov-
ernor of the State of Pennsylvania, by which he
was prima facie entitled to a seat upon this floor.
By the statute of Pennsylvania the certificate of
the judges is equally good, and I believe Naylor
had the certificate of some of the judges of elec-
tion. He came here in advance, and was allowed
to take his seat.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia will stop, I will compromise with liim, and let
the bill go over. [Laughter.]
The bill was then passed over informally.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
No. 203, for the relief of George W. Biscoe.
The bill directs the accounting; officers of the
Treasury to audit the claim of George W. Bis-
coe, for indemnification under the first article of
the treaty of Ghent for the loss of the schooner
Speedwell, captured by the British forces within
the waters of the UniteiLStates, provided the said
amount does not exceed $9,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the" bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (C. C.
No. 80) for the relief of Captain James Mc. Mc-
intosh, of the United States Navy.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Captain Mcintosh, of the United States
Navy, $204 95, the difference between the sum
paid him as commander on other duty and that
due him as an officer attached to a vessel for sea-
service.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation thatitdo pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Nichols re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration the Private Calendar,
and had directed him to report back, with a recom-
mendation that they be concurred in, several ad-
verse reports from the Court of Claims; and also
to report back House bills No. 91, No. 197, No.
203, and No. 80, with a recommendation that they
do pass; and also House bill, No. 1G4, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am not in the'habif, Mr.
Speaker, of seeking the indulgence of the House;
but as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Leiter]
made a speech yestciday alluding to a speech of
mine on another occasion, I hope the House will
give me three minutes to answer him.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Five minutes!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman has al-
luded to an old speech of mine, delivered in 1844,
in my first congressional term here. I had no
knowledge then of Captain Ryndeis and those
other gentlemen referred to, except what I got
from the New York Tribune, the New York Cou-
rier, and other papers that are now supporting
the party of the gentleman from Ohio; and I took
itforgranted that their statements were true,and
therefore made those allegations. But an ac-
quaintance of several years with that gentleman
lias satisfied me that Captain Rynders is a highly
honorable man. [Loud laughter.] if gentlemen
laugh, and thus occupy pait of my time, I shall
ask another minute.- [Laughter.] I will say this,
Mr. Speaker: that he and I have spoken from the
same stand, and I have every reason to be proud
of him as a political associate. [Laughter.]
A Member. What stand ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. At Tammany Hall, and
other places. Well, I found out. that tjiis gentle-
man had been badly slandered by the newspa-
pers; and one reason why I left the party that I
was acting with in 1844 was, that there were some
very bad newspaper organs leading it astray by
their falsehoods and misrepresentations. The
Democratic party undoubtedly had bad elements
in it, which would have spread like a cancer in a
sickly and feeble constitution, and destroyed it;
but havingn. vigorous constitution, instead ofsue-
tumhing und'i them, it slouched them oil. an-!
about the time that the gentleman from Ohio and-
some other Free-Soilers and Abolitionists left it,
I went into it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman whether, in 1848, he was not at Philadel-
phia?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir, and in 1848, in
the contest between General Taylor and General
Cass, I found that the old Whig party in the
North had become abolitionized, and I took ground
against them that very winter, about the time of ;
the developments by Gott's resolution to abolish
slavery and the slave trade in this District, for
which they all voted. I left the Whig party and
joined the Democrats. The latter threw out their
abolition elements, and they havegone over to the
other side, and I now stand in a purified party,
[laughter,] and I rejoice in its soundness and de-
votion to true principles. There are some very
good men yet out of the party, but I hope they
will come into it. I have tried it for several years,
and I find it just the best party we have had since
the foundation of the Government, [laughter,] or
at any rate, in our times.
Mr. LEITER. I just desire to say that I very ,
cheerfully accept the explanation made by the
gentleman from North Carolina. [Laughter.]
Mr. G1DDINGS. One word on tliis subject. !
This is a contest between my old friends. I recol-!
lect very well when the gentleman from North
Carolina was working side by side with us.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. And I quilted the party
because I was not willing to woik in the harness
with the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS. He left us for the very best
of reasons. He left us for our good. [Laugh- 1
for.] 1
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ever since I left your |
party, you have been beaten. [Laughter ]
Mr. GIDDINGS. .And we took in our ftiend
from Ohio over there, [Mr. Letter,] and several
others of like character. We were clad to sup-
ply the place of my friend from North Carolina, ;
and we wen; ghul he left us. :
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Ohio, ;
near me, says I ought to have another minute, but
I suppose it is not necessary. Cut I will say his 1
party have bmi beaten ever since I left it. It is •
good for them, no doubt, to be soundly beaten, 1
as I have helped to do, and I hope it will be re-
formed by the corrections and castigations given
them, and that they will reform and purify them '
m time. Their vote for the Crittenden amendment ,
is the illst fruit of their comiction and repent- ,
ance, and the best evidence of their icformation.
[Renewed laughter.] ;
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now adjourn. i
The motion was not agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER. ;
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that when
the House adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
'day next.
The motion was not agreed to. J
REPORTS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS. |
The following adverse reports of the Court of
Claims, reported from the Committee of the
Whole, were then taken up and disposed of, as
indicated below:
An adverse ieport(C. C.No. 116) upon thepc- ,
tition of Augustine Deniers and others, adminis* \
trators of Francis Chaudonet. :
The Committee of the Whole recommended a
concurrence in the report of the Court of Chums.
The report was coneuned in. !
An adverse ieport(C. C. No. 123) upon the pe-
tition of Joshua R. Jeweft, heir of Joseph .Tewett.
The Committee of the Whole recommended a
eoncunenee in the report of the Court of Claims.
Mr. BISHOP. I was not present when this
case was taken up in committee; but it is similar 1
to many other cases which have been referred to
the Committee of Claims, and I move tlfat this be
also referred to that committee. .
The motion was not agreed to.
The report was then concumd in. ^
An adverse report (C. C. No. 127) upon the pc- ■
tition of ltohort Harrison.
TheCommittee of the Whole recommended that
the report be lvfcrtcd to the Committee of Claims.
The repoit was so ief_ned
An adverse report(C. C. No. 130) upon the pe-
tition of Abraham King, administrator of John
Mandeville.
The Committee of the Whole ^eeommerjded that
the report be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
The recommendation was agreed to.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 135) upon the pe-
tition of Robert C. Thompson, administrator of
William Thompson.
The Committee of the Whole recommended a
concurrence in the report of the Court of Claims,
The repor^was concurred in.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 139) upon the
petition of Ellen Martin, heir-at-law of Francis
Martin.
The Committee of the Whole recommended
that the report of the Court of Claims be concurrcd
in.
The report was concurred in.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 140) upon the
petition of Francis Nadeau, heir of Basil Na~
deau.
The Committee of the Whole recommended a
concurrence in the report of the Court of Claims.
The report was concurred in.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 141) upon the
petition of Abraham R. Woolley.
The Committee of the Whole recommended
that the report be referred to the Committee on
Military AiFairs.
The report was so referred.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 31) upon the
petition of Thomas Phoenix, jr.
The Committee of the Whole recommended
that the report bo referred to the Committee on
Military AiFairs.
The report was so referred.
An adverse rcpoit (C. C. No. 81) upon the
petition of David Myerle.
The Committee recommended that the report
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The report was so referred.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 21) upon the
petition of Cassius M. Clay.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of thcWhole
have reported a bill for the relief of Cassius M.
Clay, as a substitute for the report of the Court
of Claims, with a recommendation thatitdo pass.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. CLAY. I move the previous question upon
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the gen-
tleman from Kentucky give us an opportunity to
have a vote upon striking out the second section.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot withdraw my demand
for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There was a mo-
tion made in committee to strike out both sec-
tions. Cannot a vote be taken on the same ques-
tion in the House?
The SPEAKER. The motions were voted
down in committee, and they reported the bill
with a recommendation that it do pass. Nothing
can be voted on in the House but the recommend-
ation of the committee.
Mr. BONHAM. I would inquire if it is in
order to read two sections of the act of 1849 in
relation to compensation for lost horses >
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, if
objected to; as the previous question has been
demanded.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Tiie bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and bemgengrossed, it was accord-
ingly lead !he thud lime.
Mr. CL A Y demanded the ptcvious question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The m<un question was then taken, and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 0*3; as
follows:
YEA"-*—A'ldt-'ws, Bilhiislnust, Bingham. Blar-
RJh)-, Hewje, I>iiivtoiK I'itfTniton, RurJimtame, Bum.*, Bur,
louirii^, (Ca«e, OuU.ee. John ft. Ciaik, Clay,
Chiik P. ro.'in.mi'. Joint O'v.hrano, Colfav, Coimim-s. Coi
hi :i. * '<-> ' V.g.u. ("urn*. Davi-* of Ma 3 Kind. <.{
