4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
corporation shall not hold real estate in this Commonwealth
(Massachusetts) to an amount exceeding twenty thousand
dollars.'   * * * * * *
"Although the act of incorporation does not distinctly
declare that the company was formed for the purpose of con-
trolling the domestic institutions of the Territory of Kansas,
and forcing it into the Union with a prohibition of slavery
in her constitution, regardless of the rights and wishes of
the people, as guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States, and secured by the organic law; yet the whole his-
tory of the movement, the circumstdncets in winch it had
its origin, and the professions and avowals of all engaged m
it, render it certain and undeniable that such was its ob-
ject."
This, then, was the commencement of the pres-
ent controversy. No sooner had the Kansas bill
passed, than a movement was set on foot, (as was
chargedby thedi>stin,iuished Senatorfrom Illinois,
and as I believed at that time, and still believe,)
through the instrumentality of a certain secret cir-
cular, prepared and signed by some of the Repub-
lican Senators—the then Senator from Ohio, Mr.
Chase, now Governor of that State, the eminent
Senatorfrom New York, [Mr. Seward,] and I
believe, also, the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Sumner]—which gave rise
to this organization in Massachusetts, this Emi-
grant Aid Society, with a capital of #5,000,000,
only $20,000 of which was to be used within the
limits of the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me a word of expla-
nation. I am desirous that my honorable friend
from Mississippi shall not perpetuate an old
error, which was corrected at the time. Although
there were some statements that I was a signer of
the paper to which he alludes, those statements
were corrected at the time of the occurrence and
according to the fact. I am notenUtled, therefore,
to any of the merit or any of the dement of the
proccedmg on which he is commenting. I know
the honorable Senator would not like to continue
an error which is merely personal in its bearing.
Mr. BROWN. I am glad to hear that there is
one who did not sign it; but there was such a
paper. The point I was making is, that there was
such a paper, and that it gave rise to the emigrant
aid societies m Massachusetts and elsewhere. I
make no point as to the individual Senators who
signed it. Now, taking the same report, from
winch I before read, at page 9, I want to show
how the persons who were sunt out by the Mas-
sachusetts Emigrant Aid Society demeaned them-
selves when they got to Missouri:
When the emigrants pent out by the Mn^saehmctt5'
Emigrant Aid Company, and then affiliated v<)eictio.-,pav<ed
through the State of Missouri, in laigu numbers, on their
way to the violence of then Iciiigu.t^e, and tin- un-
miftakable indications of their deti-tmuied hostility to the
domestic institutions of that State, created appiehenMon*
that the object or the company wa* to abohhomze Kansas
as a incajir- of prosecuting a relentless wartare upon the
insmunon of slavery within the limit*- of Missoun. These
apprehensions increased and spiead with the pi ogres* of
i*v« nts, until they became the seuled convictions oi the
p ople o( that portion of the Sfats: mo^t o\po-ed to the
danger by their provumty to the Kan.-as border. The nat-
ural consequence was, that immediate «teps were taken by
the people of the western counties ot Mi^oun to s-Tunulutc,
Oigani/,e, and carry into effect a sy>teni of rmigr.ihon sim-
ilar to that of the Massaehu.-etts Emigrant Aid Company,
tor the avowed purpose of countenictmg the rrteets and
protecting themselves and their domestic institutions liom
the consequences of that company's operations."'
I produce this authority to show how the con-
troversy commenced. It had its origin in the
secret circular; it ncxtexlnbited itself in the form-
ation of emigrant aid societies under the author-
ity of the Massachusetts Legislature. The emi-
grants were sent out, and demeaned themselves as
is described in the paragraph I have just read,
and, in the strong languageof the report, the nat-
ural consequences were the stirring of a feeling
of resistance in Missouri. If there had been no
secret circular issued, there would have been,
probably, no organzation of an emigrant aid so-
ciety. If there had been no emigrant aid society,
with a constituted capita! of $5,000,000, to stim-
ulate the settlement of the class of persons set forth
in the report from which I have read, in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, there would have been no coun-
ter movement in the State of Missouri, and we
should have escaped the charges about border
rullidiiism, and all the complaints which we have
h'ftrd uttered to-day for the foitieth time by the
Senator from Massachusetts, of the terrible out-
i ages committed by those people. I hope the Sen-
ate, like a high court of chancery, will require
that he who comes here and asks for justice shall
come with clean hands. If things have not been
done in Kansas with the precise regularity, with
all the order and decorum which the Senator is
accustomed to see at home, whose fault is it.?
Who began the error? I shal#now proceed to
show who has perpetuated it.
The election for members of the Legislature,
as I said before, was holden at the time, at the
places, and in the manner prescribed bylaw. That
there must have been irregularities, from the state-
ment of facts already submitted, any one will see
at a glance. The emigrants sent out from Mas-
sachusetts and the other New England States,
were sent out in full force. They were met in the
Territory by emigrants from the State of Mis-
souri.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi if he knows what propor-
tion of the free-StaJe men in Kansas emigrated
from New England ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not know, of course.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I will remark, merely
in order that he may not base his argument on
a wrong state of facts, that more than four fifths
of the free-State men in Kansas are from the
northwestern States—the States northwest of the
Ohio river. There are to-day, doubtless, more
people in Kansas from the State of Iowa than
from all the New England States combined. The
free-State men arrested, with arms in their hands,
as it was stated, by the Army of the United States,
were principally from the State of Michigan; and
there were none of those emigrants, I believe,
from New England. The great body of the free-
State men in Kansas to-day are from the north-
western States; and this is from the necessity of
their position. Within those States there is to-
day a population of between six and seven mil-
lion people. They necessarily, according to the
legitimate laws of emigration, throw over into the
new Territories of the Northwest an immense
emigration, that overwhelms any other class of
emigrants in point of numbers.
1 have deemed this correction necessary, as I
saw that the Senatorfrom Mississippi was basing
one portion of his argument on the supposed fact
that the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Society had
sent the major part of the free-State men to Kan-
sas. This is not true. They went to Kansas from
the States of the Northwest, as they are going to
Nebraska and to Minnesota. There are some men
from New England, and some from the southern
States, but the great mass is from the Northwest.
Mr. I3ROWN. For any purpose of mine, it is
not a matter of consequence where they went from
—whether from Massachusetts orfrom the North-
west. My point is, that the movement was set
on foot through the instrumentality which I have
named. I never supposed that the operations of
the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Society wore
confined to the limits of that State, else it would
not have been provided that only $20,000 of the
capital of $5,000,000 should be invested in prop-
erty in Massachusetts. It was intended to operate
elsewhere. That it operated in Michigan, Iowa,
Wisconsin, and all the free States, I dare say is
true; but Massachusetts was the seat ofthe cancer.
It spread out its roots, it is tiue, into all the free
States; its influence was felt everywhere. It is the
influence of the movement of which I speak, and
not the precise locality where it was set on foot.
Then, sir, I repeat again, that it was the influ-
ence of this emigrant aid society that gave rise
to the first conflicts in the Territory of Kansas.
It was the conduct of its creatures as they went
through the State of Missouri, as shown by the
report of the eminent Senator from Illinois, that
first stirred the blood of the Missouri people, and
determined them to defend, not Kansas, but them-
selves; for they had unmistakable evidence that
these people were being planted there so that they
might make forays on Missouri, and, in the lan-
guage of the report, wage a relentless warfare on
slavery in the State of Missouri.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to inquire
of the Senator whether he is aware that, by the
report of the committee appointed by the House
of Representatives to investigate the matter, it was
shown by the testimony of those who weie en-
gaged in the transaction — Missouri men — that
even before the Missouri compromise act was
repealed, associations were formed in that State in
the shape of Blue Lodges,as they were called, with
the express purpose of procuring emigration into
the Territory of Kansas, in order to shape its po-
litical institutions, and settle there and acquire the
mastery ?
Mr. BROWN. I was not aware of any such
thing. I use the report of the Senator from Illinois*
not only because it comes from a high source, but
because I have been already admonished in the
debate this morning that the source from which it
comes is regarded as of high authority on the other
side of the Chamber. When the eminent Senator
from Illinois speaks to the Republican members
of this Chamber, they are accustomed to listen.
If I am not mistaken, they not only listen, and
listen attentively, but they are, to a great extent,
guided by his counsels.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman ought not to bind
us by confessions made previous to the conversion.
Anything stated since, we will hear; butanything
before that, I do not consider myself bound by.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. Well, sir, that is rather more
witty than profound. But I will show, in this con-
nection, what happened immediately on the read
ing of that report. The Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts, not now in his seat, [Mr. Sumner,] at once
rose and said:
" I cannot allow the subject to pass away, even for this
hour, without repelling, at once, distinctly and unequiv-
ocally, the assault which has been made upon the Emigrant
Aid Society of Massachusetts. That company has done
nothing for which it can be condemned under the laws and
Constitution of the land. These it has not offended in let-
ter oi spirit; not in the slightest lettei, or in the remotest
spnit. ft is true, it has sent men to Kansas ; and had it not
a nght to send them ?"—Congressional Globe, first session
Thirty-Fourth Congress, p. 639.
Now, sir, I wish to show how the Senatorfrom
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] met that speech at the
time. He first declares that the facts as he set
them forth in the report are true,and then,address-
ing himself to the Senator from Massachusetts,
says:
u Tins he knows as well as I do. I do not intend to al-
low denials of the truth of facts to be mternosed to screen
men from the consequences of their action, when that
action avowed and susceptible of pi oof; hence the Sen-
ator's denial cannot be mtprposeri. It is a denial of facts
which he knows to betiuc; it is a denial of facts which
shall not he controverted. If, instead of denying, he pio-
po«ed to justify them, I would willingly hear him ; but he
cannot be peunittcd to deny them." * * * *
'k If he means that he is prepared to go to the country to
ju^tily treason and rebellion, let him go"; and I trust he will
meet the fate winch the law assigns to such conduct. If he
means that the hopes of his party are to produce a collision
in Kansas, m which blood may be shed, that he may traffic
in the blood of his own fellow-citizens for political pur-
pot-cs, he will soon discover how much he will make by
that course. We undeistand that this is a movement for
the puipose of produemga collision, with the hope that civil
xvar may be the result if blood shall boshed in Kansas. Sir,
we aie ready to meet the issue. We stand upon the Con-
stitution and the laws ot the land. Our position is the main-
tenance of the supremacy of the laws, and the putting down
of violence, fraud, treason, and rebellion against the Gov-
ernment."
I am aware that this strong language was con-
trovertedatthetimeasunjust; but lam notaware,
nor do I believe the record will show, that there
was interposed at that day any denial of the facts.
The challenge of the Senator from Illinois was
broad—broad as human language could make it.
Not only his language, but his mariner, was daring
and defiant. The Republican Senators were told
at that day that their friends were charged with
fraud—with rebellion against the constituted au-
thorities of the country—and if they warned to
justify such conduct, they might attempt it, and
take the consequences of the justification, but they
should not deny the facts; and I believe the facts
were not denied.
It was under circumstances like these, I say,
that the election for the first Legislature was gone
into. The pro-slavery party triumphed; and at
once we hau a howl raised all over the country,
from one extremity of it to the other, that the
election had been carried by fraud. The party
who attempted the first fraud, and that upon a
most gigantic scale, calling to their assistance from
a single State a concentrated capital amounting to
$5,000,000, lost the election in the Territory; and
then they cry out "fraud," " rascality," " vil-
lainy," "bogus laws," and all that. On the broad
principle named by me before, that he who com-
mits the firstfraud cannot afterwards be allowed,
in a court of equity, to complain that his adver-
