THE CONCESSIONAL .GLOBE.
June
f0 on and dispose of die case iu referenqe to the
(elevate from Minnesota. ^
« Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois.. I appeal to
the generosity of my colleague to allow this bill
to come up.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I must object to
this mode of obtaining the floor. I have a ease of
twenty-five years' standing','"Which I wish the
House to take up.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will give way to me for a moment.
Mr. SMITEI, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kcntucliy. I have a
single request to make of the House; and if I can
be permitted a moment to explain it, there will be
no objection.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. It is not worth while
to explain it; I shall object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois^ yields, to allow Senate bill
No. 291-to come up. It is a bill granting half
pay to certain widows and orphans.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot yield fur-
ther to any one. So far as I am conccrned, I have
been willing to yield; but if it continues, at the
end of the hour there will be the same demand for
the floor that there is now. I must go on.
I wish to take up the case of the Delegate from
Minnesota Territory. If the House will give its
attention, the matter need notoccupy it more than
fifteen minutes. If the reports of the minority
and majority of the committee are read, 1 presume
that the House will then be prepared to vote. If
the House is content with that, 1 shall not occupy
a minute of its time, further than to ask that a
couple of letters bearing on the case shall be read.
Mr. HUGHES. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer to the resolution of the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will hear the gen-
tleman's resolution.
The Clerk reported the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the admission of the Stain of Mmnesuta^
into tin; Union wuh tin: boundaues ptc-cubed in the net of
admission opeiates .is a dissolution of the leiritondl oigam-
zaiion of Minnesota, and that so much of the latcTointory
ot Minnesota as lit:* without the limits of the pieseut Suite
of Minnesota is without any distinct legally oigam/ed gov-
ernment, and the people thereof are not entitled to u Dele-
gate m Congress until that right is confcired upon them by
statute.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot yield for
that puipose. It raises a new issue in the case,
not necessary for itu determination.
The Clerk read the report1, as follows:
The Committee of l-'lechons. to whom were leferred the
resolution ol the Hou-e of Representatives dneetmg an ui
qmrv into the right of \V. \V. kingshmy to a scat in the
IlouVe of Repief,eniah\e-i as ;i Dolomite Iroui that poition
of the Territory ot Minnesota not included u ithui the html*
of the State of Minnesota; and the memotial ot Alpheus G.
Fuller, lequesting to be admitted to a seat in the 11 ohm* of
Representatives as a Delegate ftom iheTeiutoi vof Dacotah;
and a eei tilieate fioni ceiiatu officers of Midwav county, in
the Teniioiy of Dacotah, of the election oi said Fuller as
bueh Delegate, icspeetfully upoit:
That by the aet of Congiess approved March 3, 1819, en-
titled An aet to establish tlie tenitmial government of
Minnesota," the boundaiies ofs-aid Tettifoiy weie defined
and fixed as follows :
u Beginning m the Mississippi rivei, at the point where
the line ol 43° lit)' of north latitude crosses the same ; thence
running due west on said line, which i-. the nonhei n bound-
ary ot the State of Iowa, to the noithwest corner o! the said
State of Iowa; thence sontheily along the western bound-
ary of said State to the point wheie said boundaiv stnke.s
the Mu-soun river; thenee up the middle of the mam chan-
nel of the Missouri river to the mouth of the White Haitii
river; thence up the middle o( the main channel of the
White Laitb river to the boundary hue between th'e pos-
sessions ot the (Tinted States and Great Rutain ; thence
east and south of east alongthe boundary line between the
possesions ot the United Mates and <5ieat Britain to Lake
Superior ; theneem astiaight hue to thenoithernmost point
of the State of Wiseon-mi,"in Lake Superior: tlicnee along
the western boundary line ol t aid State oi Wisconsin to the
Mississippi liver; thence down the main channel of said
river to the place of beginning."
The fourteenth section of said net piovides, a That a Del-
egate to the House of Represents live-of the United States,
to serve for the tenn ot two yeais.m.ty be elected bv the
voteis qualified to elect members ol the Legi -la'ive \s<ciu-
bly, who shall be entitled to the same lights and pnnlcges
as aie exeici-ed <md enjoyed by the Delegates jiom the, ^,;v-
eial other Territories oi' the United States to the said I louse
of Repie^e ntanves.*'
Undei this provision the Ten tfoiy of Minnesota lias been,
without inteuupt.on, ieeogni/.cd m the H<)U-o oi Kepie-
sentative-: by a Ddegate, elecfd m eonfotmuy with law*.
It further appear that William W ICing-hipy was regu-
larlv elected on the 13th day of Oetobei. lr">7, .is ,?uoh Del-
egate ; and ni that capacity wa«, at the opening of the pics-
ent .• es-ion of Cougre-.s, admitted to, and ha* heU. absent
in the House of K<~yi-eseutatives, until the pa—age of rho
act of rJaV, irrrt, for the admission of the State ot Minne-
sota into the Union, when his right to retain it was bjought
in question. Of the legality of the election of Mr. Kingsbury
as the Delegate from the Territory ofMmnesota.there seems
to be no doubt. A copy of his credentials, signed by Gov-
ernor Medary, and attested by the seal of the Territory, is
appended to this report. The iiumber of inhabitants m the
Territory not included in the bounds of the State is not very
clearly settled} but, as far as can be learned,it amounts to
several thousands, and is said to be rapidly increasing.
There were five counties established by law, and two of
them fully organized, with the proper officers tor regular
municipal government."
By the act of Congress approved Februaiy26, loo7, to
authorize the people of the Territory of Minnesota to form
a constitution and State government preparatory to their
admission into#he Union on an equal footing wuh the ori-
ginal States," the boundaues of the State were limited upon
the west by the line of the Red River of the Worth, the Bojs
des Sioux, the ceutei of Lake Traverse, a direct lino from
the southern extremity of Lake Traverse to the head ot
By Stone lake, the center of Big Stone lake to its outlet;
thence, by a due south line, to the State of fowa. The in-
habitants of all that portion of the original Territory of Min-
nesota cast of this hue weie by tins act " authorized to form
for themselves a constitution and State government by the
name of the State of Minnesota, and to come into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States, according to
the Federal Constitution,'5 and the question is presented,
does the admission into the Union of a State fanned out ot
a pan of the original Teiriioiy ot Minnesota annul the elec-
tion of the Delegate, lepeal or set aside the law eicattng the
, Terntory, and ail othei laws; depnve thepeopleinhabitmg
i that pait of the Terntoiy noi included in the limits of tiie
j now State of tins right or privilege ot being heard in the
| House ol Repiesent'itiveo by an agent or delegate;-bubsti-
j tute anaichy ioi a government ot law, and resolve society
1 into its otigin.il elements ? Sueh is not the opinion of your
I committee. Tliete is nothing in the act authonzing the
people of Minnesota to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, nor in the aet !oi tin* admission ot the State of
Minnesota into the Union, which repeals in anywise the
law ci eating the Tcrutoi v, or derives the people inhabit-
ing that pait not included in the new State ot any rights oi
pnvilegcs to which they were entitled under any laws ex-
isting at the time of the admission >f that State. It mat-
ters not whether one State or halt a dozen have been catved
out ot an oigam/.ed Terntoiy ; if a portion remains, and,
more especially, if inhabited, and counties and towns, with
their corporate governments, exist, cieated by law, it would
seem to be a most violent pie.-mmplion to hold thai they lie-
came, to instant e* upon the admission ot the State, a d'.s-
! fianchised people—a meie mob or labble. The fact that the
admitted Stale bears the same name as the Terntoiy may
lead to some contusion ot ideas, but it does not niter the ;
fact. The e.M-acnce o( the Stutc of Minnesota does not de-
stroy the existence of the Tt n Hon/ ol Minnesota, not de-
prive the inhabitant of such Tet ntory ot anv or their lights.
No such ic.sult can be bj implication. The teiriional law
must be repealed heioie such consequences could follow,
and even then a giave question would arise heie how fai
sueh repeal could opeiate upon the rights ot the people.
These views and conclusions are not without precedent.
Hy the act of Congiess of May 1, 1802, the State of Ohio
was authorized to foim a constitution and cuter the Union.
On the Olli of December following, a quc.-tton was raised
us to the i ight of Mi Paul Fearing to a seat, who had been
elected before the passage of the aet of May I, INO), a Del-
ejjate to ('ongtess tiom tiie Terntoiy of the United States
noi th west ol the nver Ohio, and took Iih seat in the Uou-o
of Re|ne.scnt<;iives On the Olih dav of .lanuaiv, 1303, a
lesulntion was mnodtieed declai in" that, inasmuch a> Paul
i'\ aimg had hcen elected bv ihe Ian-temion.il g< \cinment
of the Terntoiy noitluvot of the ti\ei Ohio, he was no
Intiget entnied'toa seat in the llou-c. This icsoiution
wasielericd to tie'Committee o!" Flections, and they ie-
poi led m favor of his letannng his seat. and he was ietamed
by the House. This ease seems dueeiiv in point
'The case of Henry 11. Sibley, m 131c<-W.a Delegate fioin
the Temtoiv of Wisconsin, h miiiiUi hi diameter to that
undei consideration, lie was olected as a Delcfratefiom the
Tautwii ot Wisconsin after ihe Stule of Wisconsin had
been admitted into the Union. lie was elected tiom that
poition of tlie diurnal Tenitoiy of Wisconsin noi included
within the boundaues of the State.
The question as to his nsht to a seat was taised and te-
ferred to the Committee ot Fiecrioiis, \vh«) repoi ted in his
favor, and the 1Ioiw , by a vote of 1 H to 62_ yave him his
seat. The -e piecedents, based as they sue upon the sound-
est reason, seem conclusive of the case, and establish the
risht of Mi. Km^shuiy to his seat a* the Delegate m this
House 1'iom the Terntory of Minnesota.
Having ainved at this conclusion, it seems to dispose of
the question involved m tlie memorial of Air. A. J. Fuller
and his certificate of election under the hands ol the county
otlicers of Midway eountv, in the Terntoiy of Dacotah.
There is noTeintoiy of Dacotah, known to your committee,
which is liulhon/.ed'to elect a Delegate to the House of Rep-
lesentatives. It is also conceded by Mr. Fuller that this
so-called "Terntory of Dacotah" is the samegeogtaphical
area as that portion of the Terntoiy of Minnesota nor in-
cluded within the hunt? of the State ot Minnesota. In othei
j j woids, the so-ealled '• Term on of Dacotah'' ts the Tenitoiy
! j of Minnesota, the Delegate fiom which Tenitoiy is ahcady
II rccogni/ed ui the poison of William W. lvm^s'bmy. The
11 committee are informed, on wliat they consnler good au-
! I thorny, that on the 13th of Octohe. last, at the election tor
! j Delegate to Congress., the people of this so-ealled Teiritorv
t! of Dacotah. or a pait of them, did vote foi Mr. Km«sbury for
; | their Delegate, and they so claim Innt to be, notwithsjand-
: i ing the admission of the State of Minne-ota into the TTnion.
■ I The committee append to thisieport a eopj of Mi. Fulhu's
(! certificate and memonal, but they di -cetn nothing m them
i' to auihortze oi lender expedient his admission to a seat in
i | this House.
jj The committee submit to tlie House, for adoption, the
jl following lesohmons:
j! Resolved, That William W. Kmgsburv be allowed to re-
1 j tain his seat iri the House of Representatives as a Delegate
j! from the Toi ntoiy of Minnesota.
'1 Resolved, Thai ihe Committee of Elections be discharged
from the fuither consideration of the memorial of Alpheug,
J. Fuller, asking to be admitted to a seat in the House of
Representatives from the Territory of Dacotah.
Exhibit 1.
Executive Office, Minnesota,
St. Paul, December 4, 1857.
I, Samuel Medary, Governor of the Territory of Minne-
sota, hereby certify that, at an election held in theTerntory
of Minnesota on the 13th day of October, 1857, William W.
Kingsbury received the highest number of votes cast for ter-
ritorial Delegate to Congress, and, having received a major-
ity of all the votes so cast at said election for said office, was
decided by the board of canvassers duly elected as Delegate
to Congress from the Terntory of Minnesota, and entitled
to his seat as such.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and
C The great.seal f caused to be affixed the seal of the
) of > Territory, this 4th day of December,
(Minnesota—1849.) 1857. S.MEDARY, Governor.
Exhibit 2.
Office op Register of Deeds,
Midway County, Dacotah Territory.
At an election held in the seveial precincts in the coun-
ties of Midway, Big Sioux, Pipe-Stone, Rock, and*n Pem-
bina, on the 13th of October, A. D. 1857, in pursuance of
public notice thereof, for the election of a suitable person
as Delegate £o Congress to represent that portion of the
former Territory of Minnesota not included in the lines of
the State of Minnesota, returns of the seveial products in
said counties were made to the register of deeds of Midway,
the senior county, and weie canvassed by the register of
deeds in the presence of the county commissioners and
shenff of said county; and William E. Brown, register of,
deeds and clerk of board of county commissioners, and D.
F. Brawley, chairman of said boaid of commissioners, and
Andrew J. Wlntnev, sherilfof said county of Midway, do
certify that, upon the canvass ot ail the votes polled at said
election in the several precincts m the counties of Midway.
Dig Sioux, Pipe-.Stone, Rock, and Pembina, Alpheus G.
Fuller teecived a majority of said votes, and was duly
elected a Delegate to Congiess to lepreseut that portion of
the toimer Teiritory of Minnesota uot included m the State
of Mmnetota.
In witness whereof, we have heieunto affixed our hands
and the seal of Midway county, at Me-
[Soal of Boaid of dary, the county seat of Midwav, this
Commissioners.] 23d day of November, anno Domini
1857.
WILLIAM J3. BROWN,
Register of Deeds.
D. P. BRAWLKY, '
Chuh iri'in Board of County Commissioners.
A. J. WHITNEY,
Slicrijf of Midway county.
Exhibit 3.
To the honorable the House of Representatives of the United
States :
The memorial of the undesigned would respectfully rep-
resent to your honoiable body, that he has been selected by
the citizens of that portion ol the founei Terntoiy of Min-
nesota not included within the limits of the State of Min-
nesota, known as the Teiritory ot Dacotah, as Delegate or
agent ol said citi/xns to the IIou.se of Representatives of
the United States, and presents the following statement,
lelative thereto, for yom consideration:
The Legislative Assembly ot the Terntory ofMinnesota,
at its .--e^-ion in May, 1857, enacted laws resulting in the
apportionment of that poitionof the Terntory within th<?
limits ot a propo.scd Slate,into districts, prepaiatory to the
election of a new Legislative Assembly at the then ensuing
tail election, which election took place on the 13th day of
October la?t.
By this appoitjonment, those persons lesuhng outride of
said proposed State limits, were not permitted to puiticipatc
in said election for membeis to composc said Legislative
Assembly. Section foutteen of the act oiganizmg the Ter-
ntory ot Minnesota, appro\ed Maieh 3, 18-19, provides, that-
a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the United
States may be elected by the voters qualified to elect mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, &c.
An election wa-  held under this piovi^ion of the organic
aet, m winch citizens residing without the limits ot the ap-
portionment did not participate. In addition to the election
ot a Delegate, by the voters of the proposed State, to repre-
sent them until the admission thereof into the Union, mem-
bers ot' Congress were also elected by the same voters, at
the same tune and places, t® represent them after said ad-
mi>Mon.
The citizens residing without said pioposed State limits,
now settleis on a poition of the public domain, subject only
to tuture legislation of Congress—all teintonal laws and
oflices being abrogated—deemed it expedient, without the
foim of law. but on the inherent principle of self govern-
ment and protection, to send a Delegate to tiie House of
li^piescntatives who was known to be identified with their
interests, believing (!oiigie«<a, in its discretion, had the power
to admit and recogm/.e such Delegate, though elected by a
people resident m an unoigaruzcd poition o( the public do-
main. Tln& people, numbenng from t<.n to fifteen thousand,
aie settled principally in the eastern portion of said Tern-
toiy.
Within the valley oftbe Big Fioux river large settlements
have sprung mto existence a« ;! by magic, and scarce twenty
miles can be traveised on its banks without passing a com-
pact settlement.
The steam engine is already at woik there; the black-
smith, eaipenter. mason, and various other mechanics, are
at their daily avocations ; the merchant has theic displayed
hi* stock ot mcichandise; the fanner, with his pi.une team,
is busily engaged turning the broad furrow, prepanng the
soil to receive"the &eed.
Thus, unpiovement.s are being made, and not the least
shadow of law to protect those who are making them.
Entire counties, which once formed a portion of Minne-
sota, aie now destitute of law.
