1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Farns-
worth, Penton, Poster, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger,Grow, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Has-
km, Hatch, Hoard, Hoitoa, Howard, Kelsey, Kilgove,
Knapp, -Landy, Lawrence, Letter, Lovejoy, McKibbm,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard. Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Morrfll, Edward Joy Morris, Fsaac N. Morris, Fiee-
man H. Mor&e, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Nichols, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Purviance, Ricaud/
Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Seward, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Stanton, Steven-
son, Tappan, George Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Un-
derwood, Wade, Walbridqe, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Augustus R. Wright—
97.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Atkins, Avery, HarfcsdalP, Bishop,
Bonhara, Bryan, Burnett, Caskie, Clemens, CHngman,
Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Curcy, Davidson, Davis of Indiana,
DowdeiJ, Edmundson, Florence, Gartrell, Greenwood,
Gregg, Groesbeck, Hawkins, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, McCiueen, Miles,
MiJJson, Moore, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Spinner, James
A. Stewart, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Watkins, White, White-
ley, Wmslow, and Wortendyke—63.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Davis, was absent in consequence of sick-
ness in his family, and had paired off with Mr.
ivj a.tteson.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois, stated that Mr. Foley
was confined to his room by_sickness.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE made a similar statement
in regard to Mr. Leacii.
Mr. KEITT stated that Mr. Garnett had
been obliged to leave the city on business, and
had paired off with Mr. Hickman; and that he
(Mr. Reitt) had paired off with Mr. Wilson.
Mr. UARKSDALE stated that Mr. Singleton
was necessarily absent, and had paired off upon
the police bill with Mr. Pottle} and on the Kan-
sas question with Mr. Leacii.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Thayer, was ab-
sent on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, having voted
"ay," withdrew his vote, and stated that he
had paired off until Wednesday next with Mr.
Branch upon the Kansas and Minnesota ques-
tions, and, for fear of misapprehension, preferred
not to vote at all.
Mr. QUITMAN stated that he voted against
the bill on account of the second section.
Mr. HILL stated that he voted against the bill
becausc he believed the allowance made in the sec-
ond section was too large; he would have voted
for a portion of it.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. CLAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD WEIGHTMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 64) for the relief of Richard
Wei<rhtman was reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, with a recommendation that
if do not pass; and the question being " Shall the j
bill be engrossed, and read a third time 5" j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table. t
The motion was agreed to. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon- !
sider the vote by which the bill wa.s laid upon the '
table; and also moved to lay the motion to re- i
consider upon the table. I
The latter motion was agreed to. '
GEORGE W. BISCOE.
A. lull (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of George
W. Biscoc, was reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, with a recommendation thatit j
do pass. j
The bill was ordered to he engrossed, and read 1
a third tune; and being engrossed, it was accord- |
ingly read the third time, and passed. j
CAPTAIN JAMES MC. M'lNTOSH. j
A bill (H. R. No. 80) for the relief of Captain i
James Mc. Mcintosh, of the United States Navy, !
was reported from the Committee of the Whole j
House, with a recommendation that it do pass. I
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read i
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 1
iiigly read the third time, and passed. |
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote '
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SEWARD. I made objection this morn-
ing to the request of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania- [Mr. J. Glancy Jones] that the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill, with the
amendments of theSenate thereto, should be taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I no w wish to with-
draw that objection; for, as we are going to ad-
journ soon, it is important to the country that the
appropriation bills should be disposed of.
No further objection being made, the bill, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, was taken
up, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the War
Department, transmitting the report of Colonel
Johnson, surveyor of the southern boundary line
of Kansas, with map; and also a communication
in answer to the resolution of the House of 16th
March, 1856, transmitting the reports of Captains
Sitgreaves and Woodruff.
The communications were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF NEW YORK.
Mr. RUSSELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which pre-
vious notice has been given, to divide the State
of New York into three judicial districts.
Mr. STANTON. I object. We had better do
things in the regular order.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HILL. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes thirty-
eight, noes not counted.
LYDIA FLETCHER.
Mr. ATKINS. I ask my friend from Louisi-
ana to withdraw the motion to adjourn for a mo-
ment.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. ATKINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for the relief of
Lydia Fletcher, for reference only.
Mr. STANTON. I object. We all have pri-
vate bills which we want to introduce.
Mr. ATKINS. It is very singular that objec-
tion should be made. This is the second time I
have been on the floor since I have been a mem-
ber of the House. I shall object, hereafter, to
everything.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, the House (at
five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 17, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. W. H. Chapman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 483) regulating the com-
pensation of officers and marines of the revenue
cutters, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Thomas G. Clinton, for an amendment of the
patent laws; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. GREEN presented additional papers re-
lating to the claims of J. C. Irwin & Co., and of
J. and R. H. Porter; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a paper relative
to the claim of Benjamin Page and Henry. E.
Page, heirs of Benjamin Page, deceased, to in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to the year
1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of cit-
izens of Detroit, Michigan, for the adoption of
the northern route ill the construction of the
Pacific railroad; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. KINGpresented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that pensions may be granted
to those who served in the war of 1812, and to the
widows of those deceased; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of James M.
Rich, and others, heirs of Rob'ert and John Mont-
gomery, praying for indemnity for French spo-
liations committed prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles Knap, reported a bill (S. No. 272) for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FOOT. The other morning I introduced
a joint resolution changing the time of the meet-
ing of the next session of Congress. I desire
either to withdraw that resolution or that it may
be laid on the table, and to introduce a bill to make
the same provision, as I find that that course is in
accordance with precedent. I therefore move that
the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I now ask leave to introduce a bill
on the same subject, and that it lie over for future
consideration.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (S. No.
271) fixing the time for the next meeting of Con-
gress; and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. FOOT. Let the bill be read at length,
that the Senate may understand it.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, 3'c., Thai, after the adjournment of the
present session, the next meeting of Congress shall be on
the first Monday of November next.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STUART. If there are no further peti-
tions and reports, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the gentleman mean
only for the morning hour, or for the day?
Mr. STUART. Only to dispose of the unfin-
ished business—a little bill which can be passed
in fifteen minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator that
I will not object, if he will agree to lay it aside at
one o'clock, if it be not diposed of then.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to the mo-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, with the un-
derstanding that at one o'clock the special order
shall not be interfered with. I shall ask the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of the special
order at that hour.
Mr. STUART. The business of the Senate, I
will say to the Senator from California, will take
precedence at one o'clock; but it is a small bill,
and I suppose it can be got out of the way in a
very short time.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it in order for me now to
move to postpone all prior orders in order to take
up the deficiency bill ?
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. That would
be in order.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. GWIN. Would that supersede the spe-
cial order at one o'clock?
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that it would.
Mr. GWIN. Then 1 must oppose that motion.
The Pacific railroad bill has been postponed again
and again, and I feel it to be my duty to insist on
Us being considered. If the deficiency bill could
be disposed of to-day, I should have no objection
to taking it up and passing it; but I believe there
wijl be a debate of days upon it; and I feel myself
bound to oppose taking up any measure that will
set aside the special order which has been so long
before the Senate. I do not wish to interfere with
the appropriation bill if it will not take long.
Mr. HUNTER. If the deficiency bill is to be
debated for days, there is the more reason for pro-
ceeding at once with its consideration. I cannot
tell how long it will be debated. I think the Sen-
ate ought to take it up, and determine whether
they will furnish these supplies or not. It is time
it should be known one way or the other. I move
to take it up
