1858.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL--GLOBE.
■>«& 
ffWm;
sary has committed frauds, I claim a judgment in
this case. If gentlemen on the other side stood
at a disadvantage in the beginning, when did they
ever set themselves right? All that I have heard
from them since, has been one eternal cry about
"fraud," "violence," "bogus laws," and all
that. Setting out. with the fixed determination,
by the use of money and organized societies, to
carry the election against the will of the people,
they were beaten, and then set up this howl.
- The validity of the election, as has been repeat-
edly said, and, as I suppose, will not be contro-
verted, was recognized by Congress, recognized
by the President, recognized by all the five or six
Governors whom we have sentthere; ay, sir,and
recognized by a vast majority of the people of Kan-
sas themselves, of all parties. The acts passed
by that Legislature are in force there to-day; and,
as was strongly said by Governor Walker, if you
blot them out you leave the Territory without law.
On that point, I desire the attention of Senators
to Governor Walker's language:
<■' The Tenitorial liCgisUture, then, in assembling this
convention, were fully •sustained by the actofCongres<>, and
the authority of the convention is distinctly recognized in
my instructions from the President of the United States.
Those who oppose this com so cannot aver the alleged irieg-
ul.iriiy of the Territorial Legislature, whose laws m town
and city elections, in corporate franchises, and on all other
subjects but slavery, they acknowledge by thou votes and
acquiescence. If that Legislature was invalid, then are we
without law or order in Kansas; without town, city, or
county organization; all legal and judicial transactions are
void; all "titles null; and dnaichy reigns thioughout our
borders."
Thus, sir, it seems that the authority of the Le-
gislature, its validity, was recognized in the Ter-
ritory , and is recognized now on all subjects except
slavery. Though it is not germane to the point
which I am discussing, I will ask in this connec-
tion, if it was a valid Legislature for all other pur-
poses, if it could grant town charters and city
charters, if it could pass laws by which the rights
of property are determined, if, m the comprehen-
sive language of Mr. Walker, it was a competent
Legislature for all other purposes, and it be true
that the people were left to regulate their own af-
fairs in their pwn way, how does it come that it
was not a competent Legislature on the subject of
slavery ?
The Legislature thus chosen, the validity of
which has been thus recognized by the President,
by both Houses of Congress, by six successive
Governors, by a vast and overwhelming majority
of all the people of the Territory on all subjects
except the subject of slavery, called a convention;
but they did not do so without first consulting the
people to know whether they desired to have a
convention. I hold in my hand an extract from
the Kansas Herald ofOctober 18,1856, which sets
forth the returns of an election held in obedience
to law to determine whether the people of Kansas
desired to have a convention called or not. A vast
and overwhelming majority of the people instruct-
ed the members of the Legislature to call a con-
vention. Then it was not, as has been assumed,
an act of supcierogation. It was not an act of
assumption on the part of the Legislature to order
the convention. It was done in obedience to the
popular will. The people at the ballot-box had
ordered that it should be so.
The Legislature did not call the convention
without first preparing the way, so that it should
be done in the best manner possible, and m a way
to avoid all future controversy. I have before me
an act of the Legislature, in which it is directed
that a census of the whole population shall be
taken, and a registry of the votes made, for the
purpose of ascertaining who was legally entitled;
and, under that authority, 1 find that—
" Every bona fide inhabitant of the Territory of Kansas,
on the third Monday of June, 1857, being a citizen of The
United States, over the age of twenty-one yeats, and who
shall have resided three mouths next before said election in
the county in which he offers to vote, and no other person
whatever, shall be entitled to vote at said election; and any
person qualified as a voter may be a delegate to said con-
vention, and no others."
What could be fairer? Was there any attempt
to give advantage to one party over another?
Every bona fide white male inhabitant over the
age of twenty-one years was entitled to vote; and
all he was required to do was to give his name to
the census-taker, and allow it.to be recorded on
a register kept for that purpose, so that when the
election came on, these emigrant aid men, these
bogus men from Massachusetts, and these border
ruffians from Missouri, might be excluded. It
was a fair attempt on the part of the Legislature
to allow ail who were justly entitled to vote the
privilege of exercising it, and excluding all who
were not entitled to vote.
When gentlemen find fault with this action of
the Legislature, would it not be well to point out
the objection? Wasitnotfair? Was it uo.tas fair
for one side as for the other? It was an attempt
to register all \vho should be entitled to vote,
and to exclude all from every quarter, whether
they came frym the North or the South, who
were not entitled to vote. How was that prop-
osition met? Governor Stanton, in his message
to the Legislature at the late extra session, tells
us that nine thousand two hundred and fifty-one 1
votes were recorded, and no more. He tells usJ
that a large number were not registered, and he
assigns various reasons for it. I will read his
very words:
The census therein provided lor was imperfectly ob-
tained from an unwilling people, in nineteen couuticof the
Temtoiy; while, in the remaining counties, being also nine-
teen in number, fiom various causes no attempt was made
to comply with the Ja\v. In some instance:', people and
officers were alike averse to the proceeding; m oth«is; the
officers neglected or refused to act; and m  ome, there was
but a small population, and no efficient organization, ena-
bling the people to secure a lepreseatatiou in tho conven-
tion. Under the opeiation of all these raiises combined, a
census list was obtained of only nine thousand two hundied
and fifty-one legal voters, confined to precisely one halfthe
counties of tho Terntoiy, though these, undoubtedly, con-
tained much the laiger part of the population."
Mr. Walker subsequently repeats the same
charge, and says there were fifteen counties dis-
franchised. A§.,this is an important point m the
transaction, I shall pause to examine it with some
little care. Is it true that either nineteen or fifteen
counties were disfranchised either under the cir-
cumstances named by Mr. Stanton, or those pre-
sented by Governor Walker? 1 think I shall be
able to demonstrate that no such thing is or can
be true. Recollect Mr. Stanton states there were
nine thousand two hundred and fifty-one votes
registered. This was the number on the last day
of March, 1857, when the register was closed.
In October following, more than six months after,
when it is admitted the whole population voted,
registered and unregistered, at that election at
which Mr. Parrott, now a Delegate in the other
House,was chosen, when I believe all parties took
a hand in the election, what number of votes was
polled? According to the authority of the Kan-
sas Herald, ten thousand nine hundred and fifty-
three votes were polled, being only seventeen
hundred and two more than were on the regis-
ter. According to the Herald of Freedom there
were polled at that election eleven thousand six
hundred and eighty-seven, or two thousand four
hundred and thirty-six more than were on the
register.
Now, sir, if you will bear in mind that this was
an election at which everybody went to the polls
without let or hindrance, and then remember that
the country had been populating from the last
of March, when the register was closed, to Octo- j
ber afterwards, you will find, I think, most of'
these two thousand four hundred and thirty-
six, according to one authority, and seventeen
hundred and two, according to the other, ac-
counted for. There would be thatmany more by
the ordinary laws of population; and then it is
admitted large numbers were found by the census
takers who refused to give their names. In a
country like that, sparsely populated, new, and
without roads, beyond all question, there would
be considerable numbers who could not be found
even with the utmost vigilance. Now, make a
fair deduction for the.increased population for six
months;makeafairdeductionfor those that could
not be found; make a fair deduction for those
who refused to register, and take those deduc-
tions from the excess of two thousand four hun-
dred and thirty-six, according to the Herald of
Freedom, an Abolition paper, and you have very
few deliberately disfranchised men left—not half
enough to populate nineteen counties, according
to Mr. Stanton, or fifteen counties, according to ;
Governor Walker. I think, therefore, unless the I
figures speak falsely, f have shown already that I
Mr. Stanton and Mr. Walker are mistaken. And .
I now choose to show, even at the expense ofj
wearying myself, that these gentlemen never;
seemed to entertain this idea until lately". Let/y#
see what Mr. Stanton said on the subject "in his
first address to the people of JJCaosas, when-he
went there and assumed the duties offering Gov- •
ernor, by virtue of his commission as .Secretary.
In this address, dated the 17th of April, 1857,- he
said:
"The.Government especially recognizes ,th,e territorial
act which provides for assembling % convention to foria £
constitution with a view to making application to Congress
for .admission as a State into the Union. That act-is ie-
gurded as presenting t|ie only test qf the qualification o£
voters for delegates to the convention, and all preceding
repugnant restVicHons are thereby repealed. Jn this IteHt
the act must be allowed to have provided for a full fttid fair
expression of the ,wiil of the peojjle, through the deijegatep
who may be chosen to represent them in the constitutional
convention."
Recollect that when this was said the register
had been closed; we had then these complaints
that men had been disfranchised, and everything
had been said about it. Then the great promi-
nent fact which stared the country in the face
was, that considerable numbers of the free-State
men had refused to register; and the acting Gov-
ernor speaks to them, and tells them they had
a full and fair opportunity open to them to give
expression to their views. How could he say
that, if nineteen counties, or one half the counties
in the Territory, had been disfranchised? I clo
not pretend to say that a full registry, was taken
or kept in all the counties of the Territory. I
think that may not have been. I see -the fact
stated on the authority of an eminent citizen of
the Territory, that the census was taken in some
instances for four or five counties together, under
the name of one county. I have the paper before
me, but shall not stop to read it, because I do not
consider it very essential.
Next let us see what Mr. Walker said on this
subject. Mr. Walker went to the Territory and
issued his inaugural address on the 27th of May.
The registry had then been closed nearly two
months. He had the benefit of the experience of
Mr. Stanton, who was his immediate predecessor;
and then, addressing the people of the Teiritory,
he used this language:
" The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authority known to the Constitution to participate freely
and fairly in the election of delegates to frame a constitution
and State government."
Mr. Walker, with all,the facts before him, ad-
dressing the people two months after the registry
had been closed, and all the complaints had been
uttered, said to the people of Kansas, " an oppor-
tunity is now offered to you of freely and fairly
expressing youropinions,5,5 howcan he now come
forward and say that fifteen counties, some of
them the. oldest in the Territory, had been delib-
erately disfranchised ?
1 show then, first by the figures, next by Goy-
ernor Stanton, and next by Governor Walker,
that the statement is not true. It cannot by pos-
sibility be true that ilfteen counties of the Terri-
tory were disfranchised, if by fifteen counties be
meant any considerable portion of the population.
If it be simply meant that the forests and the fcoil
were disfranchised, without reference to the peo-
ple, it may be true. There maybe territory enough
there to make fifteen counties, and those counties
may have legislative names; but when Mr. Walker
is at pains to say, as he does, that some of them
are the oldest counties, if the story is not contra-
dicted in some way, the country will be-led to the
conclusion that by this declaration it is meant that-
one half the population has been disfranchised. I
undertake to say, first from the poll-list, next from
Mr. Stanton's declaration, and lastly ^from Mr.
Walker's himself, that the statement is not true
in that sense, and cannot be so. If Mr. Walker
thought as he now states, and as he seems willing;
to have his friends here state upon his authority,
that these people had been disfranchised, and that
they were only seeking rights which belonged to
them under the Constitution and laws, I want to
know how he could ever find it in his heart to
address to them such language as I shall now read ?
In addressing the Secretary of State, under date
of July the 15th, 1857, he says:
"In order to send this communication immediately by
mail, I must close bv assuring you that the spirit of rebellion
pervades the great mass of the Republican party of tin-! Ter-
ritory, instigated, asl entertain no doubr they are, by east-
ern societies, having in view results most disastrous to the
Government and to the Union."'
Sir, if Mr.Walker, writing on the 35th of July,
