1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will remark
to the Senator from Virginia that it would not be
strictly in order now to move to postpone the
special order, which does not come up until one
o'clock. When the hour arrives, and the special
order is before the Senate, the Senator can move
to postpone it.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the deficiency bill,
and at one o'clock I shall move to postpone the
special orders.
Mr. STUART. The motion I submitted is one
that has precedence over that of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. But if I move to postpone all
prior orders, mine will have precedence; and I
make that motion.
Mr. STUART. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am averse to taking up
the deficiency bill at present, for the reason that
the information that was called for a day or two
ago from the Secretary of War has not yet been
sent.to the Senate. I am unwilling to proceed,
and I think the Senate ought not to proceed with
its consideration until we are furnished with the
information which has been called for by (he Sen-
ate, and which I consider to be material.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to the Senator
that I believe the information will be here, prob-
ably, in an hour. I do not think that it is mate-
rial. It is a mere call for copies of contracts, an
abstract of which we have already in a published
document transmitted in answer to a call from
the House of Representatives. I think the Sen-
ate will have the information here long before the
bill is decided upon, and we had better proceed
with it at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator may be cor-
rect, but we cannot tell with certainty whether
the information will be here in the course of an
hour or of a day; and when it is here it will re-
quire some time for its examination. The Sena-
tor should reflect that there is more than one mem-
ber of the Senate who would like to look into it.
If he does not deem it material, I do. I think that
the facts which may be developed in answer to
the call which we have made, may be very ma-
terial to the consideration of the bill—at any rate
the Senate ought to have an opportunity to judge.
And as this bill has been brought into Congress
at so recent a date; and as the necessity for that
portion of it which is disputed, was known just
as well on the 1st day of January as it is known
to-day, or ought to have been known and under-
stood, there certainly can be no very great occa-
sion for hurrying it now, when the bill was only
reported yesterday, and when we are yet calling
for information connected with it.
Why, sir, it is perfectly manifest that so far as
the necessity for these supplies is concerned, on
the principle upon which they are demanded, the
Administration knew just as well 011 the 1st day
of January what they should want, as they do
to-day; and yet this bill did not come from the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives until within a very short time
past; and when the recommendation went for it to
that committee we do not know. It is a little too
late when the matter has been so long delayed,
and all the information on which.it is founded has
existed for so long a time, now to say, that to-day
(especially when we are calling for information
which is of so much consequence) it shall be
pressed through. I do not believe it will be de-
bated very much in this body.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in supposing that the necessity for it is not
more pressing now than it was on the 1st of Jan-
uary. The necessity for it is increasing eveiy day
with the lapse of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say that. I said
the facts on which the necessity for it is predi-
cated, were just as well known to the Govern-
ment then as they are to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in that. Some of the facts on which the
necessity foe the bill is predicated were as well
known then as now, but others were not. fie
that .as it may, however, 1 think it is perfectly
manifest, and I submit it to the Senate without de-
bate, that we ought to decide whether there shall
be further supplies furnished or not. If we do
not mean to furrish them, there will be 110use for
sending out the troops we have recently author-
ized to be raised. If we intend to do so, we ought
to do it as soon as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I askwhether
even if we had the information alluded to by the
Senator from Maine, there is any hope that we
can dispose of the whole bill to-day? Does the
Senator from Virginia believe that it can be dis-
posed of in one day ? I have no idea that it can.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no idea that it can. I
can dispose of it so far as I am concerned, in one
day. I have made up my mind. I do not know
how long it will take.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does the in-
formation called for relate to the entire bill, or to
a very few appropriations in the bill ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It relates to the most im-
portant part of the bill; and that is the appropri-
ations for the Army.
Mr. HUNTER. The information called for is
copies of contracts made by the Secretary of War
in regard to transportation and subsistence. I
think it will be down to-day. It certainly will be
down before long. It is true it is not here now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then^ the in-
formation relates to one point. I imagine that
every gentleman here believes we shall not get
through with this bill in one day. There is a great
deal of the bill not to be affected by this information.
Why not go on and dispose of those portions of
the bill in regard to which there is no necessity of
waiting for information ? Those parts of the bill,
I presume, will take more than tins day to dis-
pose of. I do not see why we should not pioceed
at once to the consideration of those parts, and
when we come to those sections of the bill in
regard to which information is called for on the
Senator's objection and declaration that he wants
further information, they can be passed over, to
be taken up the next time the bill is considered.
Even if the information does not come until Mon-
day, if on that day the Senator had not time to
examine it, I should, for one, vote, and I suppose
the other Senators would agree at once, that that
particular section should be laid over until he had
an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would not press the Senate
for a vote to-day in regard to those items on which
information is sought. If we dispose of all the
other items before the information comes, I shall
be willing to lay the bill over till Monday. There
are other matters besides that. There are amend-
ments that will lead to discussion, probably.
While I am up, I will say that I am informed by
the Secretary of War, that the information will
probably be here this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill hasjustbeen laid
upon our tables since the motion was made by
the Senator from Virginia. I have not yet had
time to examine it. 1 do not know exactly how
many millions of money are appropriated by it,
but 1 believe some ten million or more. It seems
to me very unreasonable that we should be forced
to act on such a bill before the members of the
Senate can have an opportunity even to read it
over and see what it is. It is known that very
serious objections exist to this appropiiation bill.
It is chaiged, and, as I believe, truly, though I
have not had an opportunity to examine partic-
ularly with regard to it, that a huge amount of
these appropriations arises out of contracts made
without authority of law, and to supportan Army
which has been used without authority of law.
It is charged, and proven by tlie statutes, that the
Executive has been employing the Army of the
United States for the last year, at great expense,
in Kansas Territory, illegitimately, calling it a
posse, and summoning thousands of men, at great
expense—which we are now called upon to pay
—from a remote portion ot the Union into the
Territory of Kansas. Besides, we have had an
army wintering in the Rocky Mountains, which,
I believe, is called a posse too, without any object,
as I can conceive, in having that army tnere, for
it would have been better to have started it this
spring, from Fort Leavenworth.
I do not propose now to argue this quesuou at
all, but I say it is very extraordinary that^ an
effort should be made to hurry through the bell-
ate a bill which we have not had time to read,
appropriating many millions of money—almost as
many millions as it took twenty-five years ago to
carry 011 the whole Government—and called a de-
ficiency bill, before we have had an opportunity
to read it; a bill which was only reported yester-
day, and has been laid on,our tables within the
last ten minutes. I should like to have an oppor-
«mity to examine this bill. I am not upon the
Committee oat Finance; I have never read the bill
over; a^d I should like to have an opportunity to
look into it. I think it is an unreasonable jhaste
to call it up on Saturday with a view to action
upon it. I hope the Senator from Virginia will
let it go over until next week, so that we may have
an opportunity to look into it, and to ascertain
whether these appropriations are based upon au-
thority of law, or whether it is a usurpation on
the part of the Executive of this country which
has created this great deficiency. If it is, I think
the Senate may pause, and well pause, before it
appropriates such a vast amount of money.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I ,am sure I
do not desire to make any unreasonable request
of the Senate; nor do I think I am asking any-
thing unreasonable when I move to take up this
bill for consideration to-day. It will be remem-
bered that the Senate has determined to adjourn,
finally, on the 7th of June. .Now, if we are to
adjourn at that time, it will be impossible for ua
to transact the necessary appropriation business
unless we proceed more hastily than we have
done heretofore, and use more dispatch.
In regard to this bill; it is the same that has
been debatethfor so long a time in the House of
Representatives, and copies of which have been
sent here from the House of Representatives, and
lying on our table for weeks. The only altera-
tion recommended by the Finance Committee is,
that we propose to strike out two items which
were in the bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. In regard to the questions of law
which are suggested, they have been before the
country for months. It surely cannot be neces-
sary to postpone the consideration of the defi-
ciency bill in order to give gentlemen further time
to make up their minds upon such a subject. I
apprehend, when they come toexamine it, it will
not require the Senate long to determine whether
the President has the power to post the troops at
his own discretion, for that is all that has been
done so far.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to correct the Senator from
Illinois. This bill was ordered to be printed and
laid on our tables, on the 12th day of April, and
here is a copy of it—the House bill, as it passed
the House of Representatives, with tho Clerk's
certificate. It was " read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed." I knew I had read a copy of it on the
table of the Senate before. It was printed on the
12th of April, and the only difference between this
printed copy, and the copy that has just been
laid upon our tables, consists in the brackets put
around paragraphs which the Committee on Fi-
nance propose to strike out. There is no other
difference. /
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ohio
has ascertained what the difference is, he has as-
certained it since this debate commenced. The
bill was not laid on our tables until after the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia w,as made, at
least not on my table; and how the Senator from
Ohio knows what the difference is between the
bills, unless he has derived it from the statement
made by the Senator from Virginia, I do not know.
I have not had time to compare the bills. It is
true, a House bill was printed and sent here, and
referred to the Committee on Finance, and they
have made some amendments to it. Now \vc have
learned, by a statement made within a few min-
utes, something of what the character of those
amendments is; butwejiave not had time to read
and compare the bills since it was laid on the table
as amended by the committee. The fact that a
different bill from the one before us, passed the
House of Representatives, does not contradict the
statement which 1 made, that the bill upon which
we are called to act has come here within the last
fifteen minutes.
Mr. PUSH. Now, sir, if I took the Senator
from Illinois 011 his own statement, he would be
no better off. Suppose I had ascertained the fact
to be that the bill just laid on our tables does not
differ from tho bill formerly laid 011 our tables, all
his argument that we have had a copy only within
the last five minutes, is gone; for we had before
a copy which does not differ from this one. But
the iact is that 1 listened better than the Senatoi ;
my recollection is that the chairman of the C01.1-
