552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
1857, to the Government whose commission he
held, under whose authority he was acting, and
to whom he was bound to make truthful and cor-
rect reports, had seen that these people had been
disfranchised, that fifteen counties had* been de-
nied the right to participate in the election, and
had seen, as he seems quite willing now to have
us believe he did see, that they were struggling
for rights which had been lawlessly and violently
tarn from them, how could he say to the President
that they were in open rebellion against the Gov-
ernment? No, sir; he did not so understand it.
He doubtless thoughtand understood as he wrote,
and as he said, that the spirit of rebellion per-
vaded the entire mass of the Republican party in
that Territory, that they were instigated by cer-
tain eastern societies, the Massachusetts Emigrant
Aid Society and its affiliated societies elsewhere,
and that the purpose was to break down the Gov-
ernment, and overthrow the Union. These were
the grave charges brought at that day.
Let us go a step further, and hear him talk to
the poor downtrodden free-State men of Kansas!
Robert J. Walker talking to these people who,
he now says, had been disfranchised, who had
been denied, according to his present authority,
all right to participate In the election; who had
been tyrannized over, trampled upon, and treated
worse than outlaws and outcasts, says, (I read
from his proclamation of July 15, to the people
of Lawrence:)
"You have, however, chosen to disregard the laws of
Congiess and of the territorial government created by if;
and whilst piotessing to acknowledge a State government
rejected by Congress, and which can therefore now exi&t
only by a successful rebellion, and exact fiom all your offi-
cers the pcnlous and sacrilegious oath to support the to-
called State constitution ; yet you have, even in defiance of
the so called State Legislature which refused to grant you
a charter, pioceedod to create a local government of your
own, based only upon msuncction and revolution. The
very oath which you lequiie from all your officers to sup-
port your ^o-ealled Topeka State constitution is violated
in the veiy act of putting m operation a charter rejected
even by them.
" A rebellion so iniquitous, and necessarily involving
such awful consequences, has never before disgraced any
age or country."
That is Robert J. Walker talking to these down-
trodden people who had been disfranchised! Did
he think they were disfranchised at that day?
Mark you, he had been in the Territory then
from the 27 th of May to the 15th of July following.
During all that time he had made no discovery
that the rights of these people had been injured, or
he could never have said to them: (i a rebellion
so iniquitous, and necessarily involving such awful
consequences, has never before disgraced any age
or country." Then again, in addressing the Sec-
retary of State on the 20th of July, he says:
" I am no alaimist; but if the Lawrence rebellion is not
put down, similar organizations, extending to counties as
well as town'*, will be earned into effect throughout the Ter-
>itory, the object being to overthrow the temtoml govern-
ment and inaugurate the Topeka State government, even
before the admission of Kansas as a State by Congress."
And he calls for troops, thinking nothing else
wili do. Now, one extract further. On the 27th
of July, Governor Walker disposed of this whole
complaint about border ruffians. In addressing the
Secretary of State on that day, on his responsi-
bility as Governor of the Territory, bound to give
correct information, acting under the solemn ob-
ligations of his oath, he says:
'♦There is no longei any pretext for the suggestion that
any portion of the people of Missouri intend to invade the
ballot-box .it any election in Kansas."
If all this be true, why did not the people go for-
ward and vote? A full, free, fair opportunity was
etfforded to them to do so. They certainly were
not to be intimidated, nor browbeaten, nordriven
from the polls by the Missouri border ruffians,
when the Governor of the Territory could assure
the President, as he did, that there was no longer
any pretext for sayingthatMissourians intended
to invade the ballot-box or take any part at the
election. Yet the spirit of rebellion was kept up
in the Territory.
I come back to the convention. It was chosen;
it assembled; it made a constitution. At this
point we lose an ally who has stood by us from
the beginning of the controversy. The Senators
on the other side of the Chamber were never ex-
pected to go with us for the admission of Kansas,
but the Senator from Illinois was expected to do
so. lie, it will be recollected, was the author of
the bill; he it was who urged upon us the accept-
ance of the proposition to admit the State with or
without slavery as her constitution might determ-
ine; he it was, of all other men, who was most
bound to stand by that agreement, and never to
abandon it until compelled to do so by some gross
violation of it on our part. The Senator stood
committed to the legality of the first Legislature,
as I have shown you. He defended all its pro-
ceedings up to the calling of this convention. He
told us but two days ago that, in calling the con-
vention, the Legislature had not transcended its
power. He insists that it would be more regu-
lar to get authority from Congress before the
Legislature acted; but, if the Legislature choose
to act without the authority of Congress, he ad-
mitted two days ago, clearly and distinctly, it had
a right so to act. He admits that a refusal on the
part of the convention to submit the whole con-
stitution to the people does not invalidate it. He
would prefer to have the whole constitution sub-
mitted to a popular vote; but he says it is not es-
sential that it should be done.
This narrows the controversy, it seems to me,
to a single point, and that is this: is the constitu-
tion, as it is now presented to us, the act of the
people of the Territory of Kansas, ascertained in
the mode prescribed by law ? Is it a constitution
made by the people at the time, at the place, and
in the manner, prescribed by the written law ? If
it be so, then I think we shall have no difficulty
in maintaining that it must be accepted, whether
it tolerates or excludes slavery; and that it is but
a resort to a technicality, not creditable to those
who resort to it, to make complaints that a ma-
jority of the people of the Territory possibly did
not vote in regard to it. If they did not, whose
fault was it? Did it lie in the power of Congress
to compel them to vote? Did it lie in the power
of the Legislature to force them to the ballot-box ?
Could the President, or the Governor, or any
other power known to the law, compel these peo-
ple to go to the ballot-box and vote, whether they
would or not? If I have shown you from the
documents, as I think I have, that the law gave
them the privilege of voting; that the Governor
proclaimed to them that they had a full oppor-
tunity of voting; that he would use the military
power at his disposal to secure them the right to
vote; if all these guarantees were held out and
they refused, is the constitution to be overturned ?
Are wc to refuse to accept the State, in deference
to the judgment of those pronounced by the Sen-
ator from Illinois to be rebels and traitors against
the Government—those denounced by the Gov-
ernor of the Territory as rebels and traitors, seek-
ing to overthrow the Government and overturn
the Union ? Are we to refuse, in deference to the
judgment of such men, to fulfill the solemn com-
pact wc have made, to admit the State, with or
without slavery, as her constitution might pre-
scribe?
I quite agree with the Senator from Illinois that
the constitution must be the act of the people, or
it is no constitution; but he and I have different
modes of arriving at the will of the people. I main-
tain that when the day of election comes, and the
ballot-box is open, and the people left free to go and
vote or not as they please, those who vote carry
the election, and not those who stay away and ob-
stinately refuse to vote. The ballot-box has been
kept open under the strongestguards. Every legal
protection has been given by the President, by all
his Governors, and by all who have spoken, that
every man should vote who chose to vote; and yet
these parties have obstinately stood out and refused
to exercise the right guarantied them by the law;
sometimes, we are told, because they were intimi-
dated; and then some more daring friend, a little
ashamed of that-sort of exeuse, says they would
not vote because the whole thing was a fraud from
the beginning. I care not whether it was done for
the one cause or the other, so long as the plain,
stubborn fact stands out that there was no intent,
no desire, expressed by them to exercise the fran-
chise. Sir, we are falling upon strange times. An
election is holden, the ballot-box is closed, and
some man has got all the votes polled, but they do
not constitute a majority of all the people of the
district; and forthwith up starts some fellow, who
says: "The election must go for nothing; you
have not got a majority of all the voters, and there-
fore the election is void." That I understand to
be substantially the ground taken by the Senator
from Illinois; that because a majority were not
polled affirmatively, therefore the election is not
binding.
I believe the Senator is a native of Vermont,
and I think he doesgreat credit to his nativity; for
certainly nobody short of a Vermonter ever would
have made a discovery so notable as this. Why,
sir, it is Yankee all over See how easily you can
dispose of any election according to this theory.
All that you have to do is to ascertain that you
are pretty certain to be beaten, and then tell your
friends not to go into the election, and keep every-
body else from voting that you can; and when the
election is over, show that a majority of all the
votes have not been polled, raise a cry, and have
the whole election overturned. That sort of argu-
ment will not do. I have, I believe, two colleagues
in the other House now who were chosen by mi-
nority votes; chosen, I am glad to know, because
of their extraordinary popularity. Nobody ran
against them. They got each, I suppose, two
fifths of all the votes m their districts; nobody
else got any votes at all; but according to these
modern doctrines they are not elected; the three
fifths who did not vote can call a mass meeting,
overturn the old election,and have a new election
to-morrow! This is what I understand this doc-
trine to amount to. No, sir; when the time came,
and the place was pointed out for holding the
election, and it was held in the manner prescribed
by law, it was binding; and I care not whether
one, or one thousand, or one hundred thousand
votes were polled.
Why, sir, if an election were to be held in your
district to-morrow,and but two of the fifteen thou-
sand votes were cast, the election would be bind-
ing. It would not be in the power of the other
fourteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight
to overturn the election the next day. They
allowed the time to pass when they could have
expressed their will in the mode prescribed by
law; and if thcychosc to let the favorite moment
pass by unimproved, they could not afterwards
take advantage of their own error, or wrong, or
laches. That is all I claim with reference to Kan-
sas. I simply claim that, at the time, at the place,
and in the mode prescribed by law, the people of
Kansas have expressed their opinion favorable to
this constitution.
But we are told that the constitution is not bind-
ing on other grounds; it is said that some of the
delegates disregarded the will of their constitu-
ents. I do not know how that may be; but I
appeal to every man who has read the first horn-
book of the law, if this is not true: that, as between
you and other parties, you are bound by the act
of your representative. We shall fall upon strange
times here, if the fact of delegates, representa-
tives, disregarding the will of their constituents,
is to vitiate laws and constitutions. I mean to
be entirely respectful; but it seems to me that
in throwing my eye over this Chamber when it
Is full, it takes in more than one Senator who does
i not obey the will of his constituents. Am I to be
told that the legislation of Congress is void be-
cause the will of our constituents has not been
obeyed? If your acts are not invalid when you
refuse or fail to carry out the will of your constit-
uents, does not the same principle apply in Kan-
sas? The delegate is responsible to his constit-
uents, and to nobody else. The constituency has
not complained. This complaint comes from a
different quarter. It is said that General Calhoun
and other delegates did not carry out the will of
their constituents. Have you ever seen a com-
plaint from any of those who voted for them, that
their will had not been executed by them ? Has?
anybody that voted for Calhoun and his asso-
ciates ever complained that he was cheated—that
they did not do what they promised to do? I want
to know if it lies in the mouth of the enemy to
complain that I do not properly reflect the will of
my constituents ?
I do not know what my friend from New York,
who sits before me, [Mr. King,] may have prom-
ised when he was elected. I dare say he prom-
ised to do something wrong: I think that is ex-
ceedingly probable. [Laughter.] Suppose he does
not do it: have the Democratic members of the
New York Legislature any business to complain?
They were not cheated; they gave him no votes.
If the Senator fulfills the wishes of his own
friends; in other words, if, on party questions,
