1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
under the circumstances, whether, if by common
consent wc were to make it the special order for
half past twelve o'clock on Monday, we should
not get along as fast as by pressing it to-day.
That will give gentlemen an opportunity ot look-
ing at the bill between to-day and Monday, and
then we can go on with it on Monday morning.
Mr. HUNTER. If we can have an under-
standing that we shall take it up, by generalcon-
sent, at half past twelve o'clock on Monday, I
shall not object to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to that
if we can have the information to-day, so that we
shall have time to look into it.
Mr. HALE. I shall propose, when the bill
comes up, an amendment, which, though brief, is
a very important one, and goes to the root of the
whole thing; and, by common consent, I should
like to have it introduced and printed, so that it
may be before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. With the understanding sug-
gested by the Senator from Louisiana, I shall not
object to the postponement.
Mr. KING. This information will be here to-
a&r. HUNTER. Yes, sir; the understanding
is that it shall.
The Clerk read Mr. Hale's proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Jlnd be it further cnucted, That no contract &hall hereaf-
ter be made by any officer or agent of the Goveriinent, ex-
cept under a law authorizing the same, or under an appro-
priation adequate to its fulfillment.
Mr. I-IUNTER. Will the Senator allow me to
move to take up the bill for the purpose of mov-
ing that it be made the special order for half past
twelve o'clock on Monday?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask general consent to sub-
mit that motion.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that it be made the
special order for half past twelve o'clock on Mon-;
day. .
Mr. PUGH. Before that question is taken, I
think it is necessary for me to make some answer
to the assault of the Senator from Maine, which
was wholly unnecessary, and, I suppose, meant
for his own personal justification. I pretended
to no information, except fiom reading the bill.
I say the bill does not purport to carry out any
contract; and therefore anything that relates to a
contract made or to be made is not germane to
the question of taking up the bill. As to the rest
of it, my statement was, that this bill had been
printed by order of the Senate; fori asked the
Senator from Virginia to have it printed when it
was read the second time, in order that I might
read it. I do not pretend to learn faster than
the Committee on Finance, but I do not think it
would take even the Senator from Maine three
days to tell us what he knows about it; and if
he was three days in finding it out, I thought he
might proceed to tell us; and if we came to any j
point of difficulty, then the bill might go over, i
have no doubt, from what I have heard from the '
Senator from Illinois and others, that it will be
debated two or three days; and I can see no ob-
ject in the language of the Senator lrom Maine,
except to cover his own retreat by a false attack.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President—-
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow the
vote to be taken on my motion to postpone, and
then have his amendment printed ?
Mr. HALE. 1 shall not ocupy time, but I de-
sire simply to state a fact, so that the Senate may
see what I intend by the amendment. By the
following bills, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A'bill (H. R. No. 203).for the relief of George
W. Bia oe:
A bill (H. R. No. 80) for the relief of Captain
James Mc. Mcintosh of the United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 488) for the relief of Cassius j
M.Clay; and
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of congres-
sional township numbered twenty-seven north,
of range numbered six east, in Wabash county,
in the State of Indiana.
Also that the House had passed a bill (S. No.
202) for the relief of Major Jeremiah Y. Dashiell,
paymaster in the United States Army.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
An act to authorize a register to be issued to the
steamer Fearless; and
An act for the relief of the owners of the bark
Attica, of Portland, Maine.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred as indicated:
A bill (No. 488) for the relief of Cassius M.
Clay—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 80) for the relief of Captain James
Mc. Mcintosh, ofthe United States Navy—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 203) for the relief of George W.
Biscoe—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill No. (489) for the relief of congressional
township numbered twentv-seven north, of range
numbered six east, in Wabash county, in the
State of Indiana—to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
COMMANDER THOMAS J. PAGE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I requested a motion to be
entered yesterday to reconsider the bill that was
passed in favor of Thomas Jefferson Page, of the
United States Navy. My reason was the want
of coirespondcnec between1 the statement of J.hat
officer and whet I believed to be the iacts or toe
case. Whether that officer is to blame, or whether
he has misapprehended the facts iu his statement,
, or whether the Department was culpable and de-
I lmqucnt in its duty, I do not know. I see in the
statement ofthe oliicet, that he says:
' i: He was not even allowed a rleik by the Dcp-utmeut
! The extent of country to be explored, both b> Unci and
water, mvo'vvd. .U v.uiou- tune-, nor onh ,i
1 sen,nation oi poili'Mi-- of tin- otficoi- and lMnp - conip.inv'
p,nation o! poili'Mi--of tin- oincoi - anu <>iup - <..
fiom the vom-I, but uKo mad.- it nce-^uy ih.u i!i • pen
I tioniM him-u-ll' >lM'uid be a!>-<-nt tor peiuxHol fiom «>■>• to [,
! six months*. It will lie peireivoil 1 bat. bad be leninme.! ou
boatd to att>'i)'l m pci^on to the dune- ot pm-ei. h" could j.
I not have piopcrly dwhau'-d, mulct lit-; i:ictiucimii--. tb.' 1
more itnp« i taut duties ot' tin o\pe<!jtioii. and that, in nb -\ - I
I i.jg hi- insti uetion-. ho was ncce-^u il\ com pel I.-il to intnM .
1 to oiboi"- not only the ('"iiitiiaad oi the vo^cl, but the di— ,
: chaige ot the puiser- .luuc, aW>.-' j
| Now, Mr. President, if the Department sent ;
! him out unpiepared, the Secretary of tho Navy
1 was to hUmi' for tli.H. If, howevei, he had all the <
' necessary appliances and conveniences that ate j
! usual on such occasions, he has failed in the dia- j
charge of his duty. It is to be presumed that, an j
1 officer who is placed in command of a vessel at j
' sea, is not only familiar with his own duty, hut j
i: with all the duties subordinate to his own, so that 1
I! he may he enabled to execute the purposes of the
! Government understanding]/. If he is not ac-
quainted with all the duties subordinate to ins
see wnai 1 intenu uy me ainenuuieni,. uy mc . i|uuunui ......
sixth section of the act of May 1, 1820, all cou- own, he is incapable of the du les o^ >
tracts on behalf of the Government are forbidden, ; in* officer: and for this leason 1 insist t.iat eitnu
tracts on behalf of the Government are forbidden
unless under a law or an appropriation adequate :
to its fulfillment, except for the quartermaster's j;
department, and I propose to repeal that excep- !;
tion. That is the gist of my amendment. ;i
The motion to make the bill the special order j
for half past twelve o'clock on Monday was u
agreed to. i'
Mr. HALE. I now move that my amendment jj
be printed. |!
The motion was agreed to. ;
A MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. |.
A message was received from the House of j;
Representatives, by Mr. J. F. Carter, its Chief 11
Clerk, announcing that the House had passed the .
mg office!,-
the officer himself is to blame m his statement, or
that the Department failed m discharging its duty.
lie savs he had no clerk. Now, sir, I have in-
formed myself on that subject; and I have a state-
ment from the Department that he had a eleili-
fer whom $300 was paid—and it was upon his |
voucher that this eleik was paid. ThereOir, his (
assertion that lie had no clerk, and the letter of ,
the Department showing that a clerk has been j
paid, seem to be in conflict , . . j
It is not unusual, but customary, under the cir- ,
cumstances undei which he sm!ed in the service ,
upon which he was detailed, that the commanding ;
officer of the vessel shall act as purser; because the j
duties are not sufficient to require a puiser to bo •
sent from vessels of superior character and size.
He says furthermore: . .
" The losses incurred, and for which he is held respons-
ible, arise from payment made to sailors who deserted lrom
the vessel in debt to the Government.'*
Sir, he had no right to Jet the sailors contract
a debt of one cent. He was bound to see that
they did not overgo their pay, and that they only
received pay for services rendered, and after the
services had been rendered. Instead of that, we
find that they were paid in advance by the pur-
ser's steward. He had his clerk to supervise the
action of the purser's steward, and he must have
been in communication with his clerk;so that this
remissness in attending to the duties of purser
eithergrew out of his own neglect or the villainy of
men on whom he relied; and he must have selected
the individuals for the discharge of these subordi-
nate duties and therefore he is responsible for their
acts under him.
Mr. GWIN. I do not like to interrupt the
Senator, but the hour for the consideration of the
spccial order has arrived.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a privileged mo-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A moaon to
reconsider is a privileged question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall make a speech against
the Senator's railroad project when it comes up;
but it is not in order now.
Mr. GWIN. We expect him to do that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will do it. The statement
of Mr. Page further says:
<4 The inoncv fui which he is held responsible was not
spent emitraiy"to law, but through ignorance, in part, ot
regulation-* with winch ho could not have been supposed
to'be Umihai, inasmuch as they (ltd not lolate to his duties
piopor, and lie knew nothing ot their existence, and, in
pmu thiough enoid of the steward, in when, as above
stated, he w:w necessarily obliged to confide much in the
calculation 01 accounts.'* See.
Where was his clerk ? He was there, for he
was paid; the Department certifies that lie was
paid. This is one ofthe officeis who were retained
by the rctii mg board as competentmoraily, phys-
ically, professionally, and in every other way. If
he was, I insist that he was accountable for the
performance of the duties of every officer under
his command; and it is no plea that there was re-
missness, or neglect, or malfeasance, in a subordi-
nate , or that he was not familiar with their duties,
for it is presumed^ and it is a matter of fact, that
every accomplished officer is familiar with all the
duties subordinate to his station. No officer would
possess powerand accomplishments with the rank
of captain in the Army if ho was not also ac-
quainted familiarly, so far as the required intelli-
gence would go, with all the duties connected with
a (jeni'ial's station. He is not professionally qual-
ified for the discharge of the duties of an officer
of Ins rank unless he is familiar with all that are
suboidmate to his station. He must have gone
from midshipman to passed midshipman, to lieu-
tenant, and to commander; and he must know
what the duties of a purser are; he must know the
duties of acleik; he must be able to determine the
duTeience between a purser's steward and the
clerk of a vessel. It is presumed that the Depart-
ment had prepared him, as is customary on such
occasions, and afforded him all the facilities that
were rerjuired tor the execution of the oiue^is and
com man ds with which he was intrusted. I4oi the
; reasons 1 have stated, I move that the vote pass-
i in"- the bill for his relief be reconsidered,
i Mr.MASON. There were two small bills which
> passed at my instance a day or two since, one of
i which authorizes the payment of the sum of ^75
! to Commander Page, for the actual expenses m-
i eurred by him, he not being an accountant, in
stating the accounts of the pursership before the
Department on a cruise of three years ^uid five
months, chiefly in the La Plata river. The other
is to authorize the accounting officers to allow him
a creditor credits amounting altogether to $354 46,
for charges in the purser's account of the ship,
which, according to the rules < f llu: Department,
seem not to have been legitimate charges on the
part of the purser. It is stated in the report which
was made by the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Maxlouy,] the chairman of the Committee on
NavalyYffairs, as the report of the committee, that
in their judgment, these allowances ought to be
made, for the reasons stated by them.
Now, the reasons stated in the report are not
that Commander Page was ignorant of the duties
