1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Marble-
head, Massachusetts, relative to bounty land to
privateersmen in the war of 1812, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 395) to au-
thorize the increase of invalid pensions in certain
cases, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Anna M. McKnnncy,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James Munroe, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
weie icfeired the following bills, repotted them
without amendment:
A bill (H. II. No. 461) granting an invalid pen-
sion to John Lee, of the State of Maine;
A bill (H. II. No. 513) granting an invalid pen-
sion to William Howell, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 530) for the relief of William
Bullock; and
A bill (H. R. No. 533) for the relief of Shove
Chase, of New York..
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a letter of the
Secretary of the Senate in relation to the compen-
sation of the Senators from Minnesota, reported:
"That there it? no express provision m tho act regulating
the compensation oi member of Conijie:^ applicable to the
pditiculai ease presented ; but, in Hie opinion of the com-
mittee, a correct eon&tiuetion of the act ol Auuu^t 10,
forbids the allowance of compensation unnl the Slate of
Minner-ota wa> admitted into the Ciuon. and that the com-
potation to the tferiatoi&fiom that Si ate should conimencc
on the day of admission—May 11, 1858.''
Mr. CLAY, fiom the Committee on Com-
meice, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
353) for the relief of Eli W. GofT, reported it
without amendment; and that it ought nut®to
pass. !
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported them
without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 48G) for the relief of Alonzo
and Elbridge G. Colby;
A bill (H. R. No. 573) for the relief of Thomas
Ilasam and B. S. Btewstor; and
A bill (H. R. No. 5G9) for the relief of Gard-
ner & Vincent, and others.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred tho petition of Thomas W. Ward,
reported a hili (S. No. 427) for the i chef of Tho mas
W. Ward, late United States consul to Panama;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel S. Powell,
and others, praying an examination of a plan pro-
posed by Samuel Nowian, for bridging the East
river, at New York, reported adveiscly thereon.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. liosford Smith,
praying additional allowance during the time he
was United States consul at Beirut, in Syria, re-
ported adversely thereon., a bill for his relief hav-
ing been already passed.
Mr. RE1D, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom^vas referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2G9) for the relief of David Btuce,
leported it without amendment.
Mi. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Afiaiis and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(PI. R. No. 452)'foe the relief of Dr. Thomas An-
tiseil, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Robert Hale, for
compensation for improvements in war rockets,
asked to be discharged from Us further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ebenezer
Ballard and Rishworth Jordan, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Michael Nourse,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Vinson, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Myer, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. Nol 428)
for the relief of James Myer. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee,-to whom
was referred the petition of Jane J. WinWord, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
429) for the relief of Jane J. Wingerd. The bill
! was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
! report was ordered to be printed.
! Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
• Lands, to whom were referred the following bills,
j submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
j to be printed:
A bill (S. No. 22) for the relief of certain citi-
zens of Sioux City, in the State of Iowa; and
A bill (S. No. 220) for the relief of the citizens
and owners of property in the city of Omaha,
Nebraska Territory, and Sioux City, State of
Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the views of the mi-
nority of the Committee on Public Lands on the
subject; which were ordered to be printed with
the report made by Mr. Stuart.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Claude Samory, submitted a repoi t; which
was ordeied to be printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print the report of the Commissioner of
Patents,on Agriculture, and a resolution for print-
ing sixty thousand additional copies of the report,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That thete lie punted for the useofthe Senate,
Unity thousand exna copies of the lepoit of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, on Agriculture, for the year JS.77, live
thousand copies of which for d^triluiiion by the Intenor
Department and tho Patent Office: I'torulcd, That the a?-
ijri'^ate number of pa^es contained in said repoit ^hall not
exceed five hundicd and MXty-eiifht. including ten pa<*es of
liluj-tiation* on wood: slnd jnovvled fu)t/iei, That lh<' en-
tnc amount of copy neco^aiy to complete haul lepoit, be
placed in the hand-! oi the Supeumcndeut of Public Punting
on or betore the 31st day of August next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This is only
half the number which has heretofore usually been
printed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print the report of the n gents of the Snw li-
sonian Institution, and a motion to print extia
copies, reported the following resolution:
Rewleci, That ton tlioiisniKl additional copifsof the re-
portofthe hoard of re euivof the Hnnth -oni.ui institution
tor tho year ]£37 be printed—five thousand for the u-e ot
the Senate, and five thousand foi the u->e of the Sinit'i.-o-
niin [u-iitntion : Provided, That the aggregate numbei of
pages contained in (-aid icpoit «diaH not exceed four hun-
dred and foity, without wood-eutf or plaice, except those
furnished hy the Institution: Jlnd provided farther, That
tho entue amount of copy neees-aiv to complete said tepoit
he placed in the bunds of tho Supei mtendent of the I'u'ihe
Punting before the commencement oi punting any poiuon
ofbaid lepoit
Mr. IVERSON. I object to the resolution,
unless the live thousand copies for the use of the
Senate be stricken out. I have no objection to
the other five thousand being printed for the
Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not care
whether it be published or not. I submit to the
will of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will he over.
D. O. DICKINSON.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 446)
for the relief of D. 0. Dickinson, have directed
nie to report it back without amendment, and as
it is a small matter to which nobody will object,
I ask for the passage of the bill at the present time.
Tlieie being no objection, the Senate, a£ in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the hill, which provides for the payment to D. O.
Dickinson of the sum of $108 75, being the
amount due him by the United States for set vices
rendered by him in connection with, keeping, a
light in Waukegan harbor, Illinois. . . *
The bill was reported to the Senate, order-©# to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEOUGIANA M. LEWIS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Nayal Affairs
to whom was referred the memorial of Georgi-
ana M. Lewis, widow of x\rmstrong Irvin Lewis,
latealieutenantin theTexan navy, have insiru&led
me to report a bill for her relief.
The bill (S. No. 424) for the relief of Georgiana
M. Lewis, was read the first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. PIALE. I ask the Senate to consider the
bill now. I will make a statement about three
minutes long, and then the Senate can judge of it,
Congress passed an act to pay the surviving offi-
cers of the Texas navy five years'waiting-orders
pay, not full pay, and it has been paid. There are
two widows whose husbands were officers in the
Texas navy, and lived five years after annexa-
tion, but were not living at the lime of the pas-
sage of the act. Mrs. Lewis is one; the other
widow has since married, so that in fact Mrs.
Lewis is the only widow that is left. Her hus-
band survived the five years, but died before the
passage of the act; and this bill proposes to give
her what she would have got if her husband had
been living last year. That is the whole of it."
Tho bill was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
that the twelfth section of the naval appropriation
act passed March 3, 1837, shall be so construed
as to allow to Georgiana M. Lewis the five years'
pay for which it provides, which would have
been paid to her deceased husband, Armstrong I.
Lewis, if he had been living at the time of the
passage of that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr- DOUGLASasked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
431) to revive and put in force the provisions of
" Au act, giving to the President'of the United
States additional powers for the defense of the
United States in certain cases against invasion,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1839, with modifications; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
430) to establish a line of mail steamships be-
tween certain ports of the United States and Great
Britain; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
FOR I'M JEFFERSON AND TAYLOR.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he di-
rected to inquuc into the eond'tion of Forts Jelfei&on and
Taj lor. at Key VYe-r and Toi tu^as, and the expediency and
expense o! putting them m a defensible condition.
RECOMMITTAL OF A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the memonal of James Munroe, with the
advet-e icpoit of the Committee, on Pennons thereon, be
loeoinniiUed to the Committee on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS COMMITTEE.
Mr. JONES moved that an additional member
be placed upon the Committee on Enrolled Bills;
which was agreed to; and Mr. Rick was appointed.
GEOIlGIA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. IVERSON. Yesterday, I introduced a
joint resolution asking for the application of a
small balance in the Treasury to the State of
Georgia for payments which she has made to her
troops under a former bill, which appropriated a
certain amount to pay those troops. The Sena-
tor from New York [Mr. King] objected. He is
willing to withdiaw his objection.
Mr. KING. I will state, that having looked
at the resolution, I waive my objections.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that it be taken up.
It is the jomt resolution (S. No. 48) for the pay-
ment of an unexpended balance to the State of
Georgia for militia services.
