THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The motion was agreed to; and the.joint reso-
lution was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS. I think some explanation ought
to be given of that resolution.
Mr/IVERSON. By the act of 1842, #175,000
was®appropriated to refund to the State of Geor-
gia amounts which she had paid to her troops or
militia engaged in the Seminole, Cherokee, and
Creek wars. All that has been paid back to the
State of Georgia with the exception of #7,000 now
in the Treasury unexpended. Since the passage
of that law, the State of Georgia has paid three
or four of the companies engaged in that service
who had not been paid by the State at the time
the law was passed. Upon application to the
Secretary of the Treasury the accounting officer
declines to pay it, on the ground that the law of
1842 limits the payments to those which had then
been made by the State of Georgia, and these com-
panies were paid about three years subsequent to
that time. The State has paid for three or four
more of those companies, and this resolution is
to allow about $7,000 to go to the State of Geor-
gia to pay the troops which have been employed
subsequent to that time. That is the whole"case.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senate to oblige me
by taking up the bill (S. No. 143) to create the
office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster General. I
presume there will be no debate upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the bill?
Mr. YULEE. It is the bill to create the office
of Fourth Assistant Postmaster General. It has
been heretofore before the Senate and sufficiently
explained. Further explanation is not necessary.
I think it will not require longer than to vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it will give rise to
debate; I must therefore interpose an objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to take
up is in order, subject to a vote of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. If there will be no debate, I
have no objection to the vote being taken.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the motion of tha
Senator from Florida will not prevail. I intend to
oppose that bill, and I shall occupy as much time
as possible, if i can prevent its passage. I give the
Senatorfrom Florida notice now that I shall do so.
Mr. YULEE. In the face of such a threat, I
hope the Senate will take the bill up and dispose
of it. It is necessary to the public service. I trust
the Senate will not be thwarted in its legislation
upon matters interesting and proper to the public
service, by a threat that, as much time shall be
occupied upon the subject as possible for the pur-
pose of defeating its action. I hope the Senate
will take up the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator will waive
his motion, until I can call up the resolution for
extending the session.
Mr. YOLEE. Certainly; I withdraw it for that
purpose.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion submitted by me a few days ago, proposing
to extend the session; and on that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Collamer, Davis, Doolittle, Douglas, Fit«h, Foot, Green,-
Gwin, Hayne, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Mallory,Mason, Polk, Iteid, Rice. Sebastian,
Seward, Siidell, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, Wright,
andYulee—33.
NATS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Clay, Crittenden, Dixon, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitz-
patriek, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Jones, Kennedy, Pearce, and Toombs—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. If it be in order, I move to
amend the resolution by substituting the 14th for
the 21st.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the amendment now
pending. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring
the resolution directing the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives to declare their
respective Houses adjourned sine die on the first Monday
in June next, at twelve o'clock, meridian, be, and the same
is hereby, rescinded, and that the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives declare
their respective Houses adjourned on the 2lst of June next,
at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by substituting the 14th for the 21st.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana that he modify his motion
so as to strike out the proposed day for adjourn-
ment and leave it blank, so that it can then be
perfected with such day as he proposes, or any
other day the Senate prefer.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not insist on the amend-
ment in that form, and I move to strike -out the
date and leave it blank.
Mr. CLARK. I move to insert the 14th.
Mr. HAMLIN. When this resolution was up
the other day, I moved to strike out the 21stand
insert the 14th, and it was so stated when it was
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That being the
state of the question, it cannot be modified.
Mr. GWIN. Cannot the motion be divided,
and the question be first taken on striking out,
and then on insetting?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir. A mo-
tion to strike out and insert cannot be divided.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. When different days are pro-
posed, is the longest or the shortest put first?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In filling blanks,
the largest sum and the longest period are putfirst.
Mr. HALE. This is not to fill a blank, but a
motion to strike out and insert. I move to strike
out the day proposed, and insert Saturday, the
12th. I do not see any need of staying here over
Sunday; and if we can do up our business, wc
can just as well adjourn on Saturday as on Mon-
day morning. I do not see the sense of keeping
us here oil Sunday. I move to insert " Satur-
day, the 12th."
Mr. COLLAMER. The 14th would be first
in order, would it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is not the longest time to
' be first put?
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. There wasnoblank
i in the first instance to be filled.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will cost the Govern-
ment nothing for us to stay here from Saturday
to Monday.
Mr. HALE. It will cost us something.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The adjourn-
ments have always been on Monday in conse-
quence of the difficulty of making up the records.
That is the reason why we always adjourn on
Monday.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment, but
I protest against the clerks working on Sundays
to make up our records.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] to strike out the "21st," and
insert the " 14th."
Mr. CLARK. That is the amendment of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bayard, Bright, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark. Clay, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Fnzpatriek.Foot,
Foster, Green, Hale, 'Hamlin, flailan, Hayne, Houston,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Aikansas, Jones, Kennedy,
Mason, Pearce, ltrid. Rice, Sebastian, Siidell, Stuart,
Toombs, Wilson, and Wri«lit—3!).
NAYS—Messrs Allen. Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
Gwin, Hammond, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Mallory,
Polk, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jeisey, Tiumbull, Wade,and Yulce—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, subsequently
said: I rise to a privileged question. The vote
on the resolution for adjournment was taken so
quickly that I did not observe it, and I find that
several others did not. I am entirely opposed to
the extension of time; and I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution fixing the day
of adjournment for the 7th was repealed, and an-
,)Tliat : other day substituted in its place.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that will be done. I .
was in the position of my friend from Arkansas.
I did not observe the announcement of the vote,
and I desire very much that there shall be a yea
and nay vote on the question of extending the
day of adjournment. I do not want it to seem to
pass sub silentio. I am very much opposed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution to change the time of adjournment to th'e
14th of June was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better agree to the
reconsideration, and take the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent, the call for the yeas and nays may be with-
drawn. The Chair hears no objection.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. On that I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Chandler, Collamer, Davis, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Gieen, Gwin, Hamhn, Hayne, Houston, Hun-
ter, Jveison, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mallory,
Polk, Reid, Sebastian, Seward, Siidell, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wilde, and Wnght—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Broderick, Brown, Clark, Clay,
Cuttenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Hale,
Hammond, Hailan, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, King,
Pearce, I'ugli, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and Yu-
lee—21.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HALE afterwards said: I rise to a privi-
leged question. I happened accidentally to be in
the House of Representatives a few minutes since,
when our resolution for adjournment^came over,
and it was announced that we had voted to ad-
journ on the 21st. I find by the record, what I
supposed to he the fact, that we voted to adjourn
on the 14th. I know the resolution has gone to
the House of Representatives that we vbted to
adjourn on the 21st. I move that a message be
sent to the House requesting the return of that
resolution to the Senate.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The mistake oc-
i curred in the Secretary's office.
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does the Sen-
ator say that the resolution was to adjourn on
the 21st ?
Mr. HALE. I said the House have been so
: notified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution was
to adjourn on the 14th; but by some mistake in
the Secretary's office, it was made to adjourn on
the21st. TheSenatorfromNew Hampshire moves
that a message be sent to the House asking the
return of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution was returned from the House
of Representatives, and the error rectified.
ANTHONY S. ROBINSON.
Mr. POLK. I move to take up the bill (S. No.
158) for the relief of Anthony S. Robinson, heir
and legal representative of John Hamilton Rob-
inson.
The motion "w%s agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Anthony S. Rob-
inson, heir and legal representative of John Ham-
ilton Robinson, deceased, for services rendered by
John Hamilton Robinson to the Republic of Mex-
ico, of the sum of $16,956, with a proviso that this
sum shall not exceed the residue of the $3,250,000
mentioned in the fifteenth article of the treaty be-
tween the United States of America and the Re-
public of Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidal-
go, on the 2d of February, 1848.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to have some ex-
planation of these services, or what claim this
party has on this fund.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator. The
present claimant, Anthony S. Robinson, is the
only heir and legal representative of John Ham-
ilton Robinson. John Hamilton Robinson was
a citizen of the United States, resident at one time
in Missouri, and at the time of his death at Nat-
chez, in Mississippi. He went to Mexico during
