556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
resolution an unfair advantage over other bills
which have been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. oEWARD. I have made the motion to
reconsider with a view to accommodate the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
desires to debate the resolution. The committee
were not unanimous in their report. The reso-
lution is an important one, and I desired, as the
chairman of the Naval Committee is not present,
to place it in such a position that the House can
have control of it, and he may give it such direc-
tion hereafter as he may think proper, by agree-
ment with the committee. I hope, therefore, that
the gentleman from Alabama will withdraw his
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I could not hear the gentle-
man's explanation. If his object is to keep the
resolution in such a position that the Committee
on Naval Affairs may take its own action upon
it hereafter, I will not insist on my motion.
Mr. SEWARD. That is my object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that.
My objection is to giving this resolution prefer-
ence over other matters which are equally meri-
torious.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not desire that.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The motion to reconsider was entered upon the
Journal.
THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, presented an adverse report on the memo-
rial of Commodore Thomas Ap Catesby Jones,
and asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be
laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Florida if there is a written report accom-
panying those papers?
Mr. HAWKINS. There is not. If it was
necessary, a report would have bean made; but
the committee thought that, under the peculiar
circumstances of the case, it was not necessary to
make a report unless asked for. The committee
simply aslcs to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. My objectin asking the gen-
tleman is tins: cases of the character of this one
just returned to the House have been hanging
before tile cuinmittees of the House, from yeai to
year, for probably a quarter of ti century. This
one is probably not quite so old. It seems to me
that committees would advance the interests of
the country and the business of the House, and
would reduce the labors of committees, if they
would present reports in such cases.
EXTRA PAY TO SEAMEN.
Mr. BOCOCIC, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, presented an adverse report 011 the peti-
tion of seamen of the Gulf squadron asking for
extra pay; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
JOHN G. WILKINSON.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, also
presented an adveise leport 111 the case of John
G Wilkinson; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT ALBANY.
On motion of Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Qrilcrcil, TJiat tin; Committee on Naval Affairs be dis
enanied troin the lailtier cou-ideration of a petition of cm
dens of JVevv York engaged or 111 the navigation
of tile Hudson river for thec tal)li.->liincut ot a marine hos-
pital 111 the city of Albany; and that the same burdened to
tlie Committee on Commerce.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am instructed by a majority
of the Committee on Naval Affairs to report to the
House a joint resolution, expressive of the opin-
ion of the Congress of the United States in rela-
tion to the arrest of General William Walker by
Hiram Pauidmg, a captain of the United States
Navy, anil to ask that the joint resolution and re-
port be printed, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
I also ask that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] shall have an opportunity to put in a mi-
nority report. I presume that the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Seward] will also have a mi-
nority report to present. There is a report to
accompany this joint resolution, but I have not it
with me at this moment.
The joint resolution expressive of the opinion
of the Congress of the United States, in relation
to the arrest of General William Walker by
Hiram Paulding, a captain of the United States
Navy, was read a first and second time.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the resolution be
read in full.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the act of Hiram Paulding, a captain
of the United States Navy, in arresting General William
Walker, was not authorized by the instructions which had
been given him from the Navy Department.
Resolved, That while wc have no reason to believe that
the said Paulding acted from any improper motives or in-
tention, yet we regard the ant m question as a grave error,
and deserving, for the reason already given, the disapproval
of the American Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am instructed
by a minority of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to submit a minority report, and to offer a sub-
stitute for the resolutions just read. I ask that
the substitute be read, and that the report of the
minority take the same direction as that of the
majority.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit will
have to be modified before- the substitute is re-
ceived. %
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the gentleman
to modify it.
The substitute was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That Commodore Hiram Paulding, in arresting
William Walker and his associates, and returning them to
the jurisdiction of the United States, acted within the spirit
of his orders, and deserves the approbation of his country.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think the question
should be taken now.
The SPEAKER. The motion submitted by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] is, that the
resolutions be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I trust that course will be pur-
sued, so that the other committees may be called
to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. While I approve of the res-
olutions presented by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I had some views of my
own which the committee consented I might pre-
sent. My resolutions are at my room;and I ask
leave to present them to-morrow, and that they
be committed, with the other papers, as aminority
report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
asks the privilege of filing a minority report and
having it printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman making his report, but [
move to lay all the resolutions on the table; and
on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion to refer and print was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolutions were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am instructed by a ma-
jority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
present a report on that part of the President's
message having reference to the seizure of Walk-
er. There are some members of the committee
who entertain different views, and they will take
the opportunity of presenting them in the shape
of resolutions, or in some other shape. What I
desire is, that this report be printed and its con-
sideration postponed till some future day.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 have a resolution which I
shall offer as a substitute for those reported by
the majority of the committee. But I am not pre-
pared to submit it now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will then move that the
resolutions be printed, and that they be postponed
until Tuesday next. If that course is agreeable
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I hope there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object to that.
I think we have more important subjects to talk
about than filibustering.
Mr. LETCHER. Does that report conclude
with a resolution?
Mr. CLINGMAN. It does.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The report is a very short
one,and will require but two or three minutes to
read it. If there be no objection I will read the
report and resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. As the other re-
port, upon substantially the same subject, was not -
read, I shall object to the reading of this. If
both can be read, I shall have no objection.
Mr. .HOPKINS. Do I understand that this .
comes before the House as a report from the Com-
mittee onForeign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. HOPKINS. I was not aware that that
committee had authorized any report to be made
upon that subject. My understanding was, that
the subjecthad been postponed to some future day.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state that at
the last meeting of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, it was agreed that no report should be
made on the subject until another meeting was
held. Since that time, however, I understand
there has been a meeting of a majority of the com-
mittee, and that the chairman was authorized to
make the report which has been now presented.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, at the instance of my fnend from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Barksdale,] agreed to have the sub-
ject postponed. The gentleman from Mississippi,
however, and other members of the committee,
desired, afterwards, that a report should be sub-
mitted. I saw all the members of the committee
except, perhaps, the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Hopkins.] The report was ordered to be
made at the instance of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, and with the consent of the other mem-
bers of the committee whom I saw informally on
the subject. They stated that it was satisfactory
to them, if no action was contemplated on it to-
day.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is very true that this
morning I authorized, as far as I was concerned,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs to make that report; with the understanding,
however, tha,t the majority of the committee were
willing it should be made. I withdraw whatever
objection I might have had to the report But,
sir, I wish to state further, that I did not concur
in that report, either in its reasoning or the con-
clusions to which itarrives; and I shall avail my-
self of some early opportunity to give to the House
my opinions in reference to this whole question.
I hope the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina will be agreed to, and that the further
consideration of this question will be postponed
until Tuesday next. This report, sir, involves con-
siderations of the gravest importance;and it does
seem to me that they ought not to be passed over
lightly by this House. I think they ought to be
thoroughly investigated.
Mr. KELSEY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. One word more. I ask
i the House to postpone the further consideration
of this report until Tuesday next. .
Mr. GROESBECK. I should like to say one
word in reference to this matter.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
! if the report is regularly before the House, it is
[ open to debate. The Chair desires, however, to
] call the attention of the House to this paragraph
I in Jefferson's Manual:
j " A committee meet when and where they piertse. if the
| fIou*e has not ordered a time and place for them ; but they'
{ can only act when together, and not by separate eon-ultn
; tion and consent—nothing being the repoit of the eommii-
! tee but what lias been agieed to m committee actually
I assembled-"
| Mv. CLINGMAN. If any member of thecom-
I mittee prefers it, I will ask leave to withdraw the
' report.
| Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman will
i withdraw it.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw it.
OLIVER P. HOVEY.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, from the Committee on
Territories, reported a bill for the relief of Oliver
P. Hovey; which was read a first and second time,
| referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CLEMENS, leave was grant-
