1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the struggles for independence there, and was' a
major genera! in the Mexican army. This is a
claim againstthe Government of Mexico for ser-
vices rendered by him to that Government; and,
therefore, I suppose, is in the class of cases in-
tended to be covered by the provision of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which appropriated
a certain amount of money in favor of claims of
American citizens against the Government of
Mexico. I will state also, while I am on this
ground, that the amount of that fund unexpended
is ten times as large as the amount proposed to
be given here.
Mr. TOOMBS. This case is clearly outside of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. We did not
undertake to pay the contracts of Mexico, but
damages done to our citizens illegally^ not agree-
ments which she had made for military services,
such as this man Robinson rendered to Mexico.
We did not undertake to pay the debts of Mexico
arising ex contractu. He has no claim on the fund.
If the United States chooses—and I do not see
why she should not do so, as in other cases—to
pay the debts of Mexico, that is a fair question
for the Senate to determine; but to pay our citi-
zens who go and enlist in the service of a for-
eign Government, will not do. If we are under
obligations to pay it, it is all right, but it is not
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It is not
of the class of cases that comcs under that treaty.
It is no charge on the fund of $3,250,000.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator is mistaken
in that entirely. The treaty was not confined to
cases of tort.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Georgia
is clearly right in his objection to this bill. It is
out of the question for us to construe the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo as meaning that this Gov-
ernment is to piovide for the payment of the
debts of the Mexican Government to our own cit-
izens ex contractu; that we are to provide for the
payment of sums due by Mexico to her own gen-
erals for their salaries, their pay in her army.
That never was pretended. The sum of $3,000,000
was reserved by the treaty stipulations with Mex-
ico for the purpose of settling the claims of our
citizens against that Government, which our Gov-
ernment was bound to support and piotect. Our
Government does not go down to Mexico, and
protect contracts of the Mexican Government
with our own citizens for furnishing supplies,
making sales, and furnishing labor to them. I
have no idea that any precedent can be found for
this. I never so understood the treaty. I think
it is wrong.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the engross-
ment of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it cannot
receive its third reading to-day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my objection
to taking the vote on it. I suppose we may as
well take the vote to-day.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and re-
jected.
Mr. HAMMOND afterwards moved to recon-
sider the vote rejecting the bill; and the motion
was directed to be entered.
S. W. AND A. A. TURNER.
- Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone other j
prior orders, and take up the civil appropriation :
bill. I
Mr. WADE. The time for that has not come, j
I hope the Senator will allow me to take up a bill j
to which theie is no objection. ;
Mr. HUNTER. I will wait until one o'clock, i
Mr. WADE. Then I move to take up the bill I
(H. R. No. 509) for the relief of Samuel W. and J
Alvin A. Turner. j
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as '
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- ^
sider the bill, which proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay $23,825 to Samuel
W.and Alvin A.Turner in full for their services
in transporting the United States mail on their
steamers from Cleveland, Ohio, and Detriot, Mich-
igan, to Mackinaw, Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette,
Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle river, and
Ontonagon, Michigan, and La Point, Bayfield,
and Superior City, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. KING. Is there any report in that case ?
Mr. HUNTER. _ I should-like to hear the re-
port, or some explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report
from the committee of the House of Represent-
atives, which will be read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. PIorton on the 17th of April:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the petition of S. W. and A. A. Tur-
ner, repoir:
This claim is for compensation for transportation of the
United States mails, in steamboats, between Cleveland,
Ohio, ami Detroit, Michigan, and the several post offices
on Lake Iluion and Lake Superior, during the years from
1851 to 18.Y7, both inclusive, viz:
From Detroit to Sault Ste. Marie, 500 rniies, and back,
summer of 1851  27 taps.
Fiom Detroit to Sault Ste. Maiie, five hundred
miles and back, summer of 1052   25 "
Fiom Detroit to Sault Ste. Marie, five hundred
miles, and back, summer of 1853    29 "
From Detroit to Sault Ste Mario, live bundled
nnles, and back, summer of )£54  26 "
From Cleveland to Sault Ste. Marie, 1854  9 "
Fiom Cleveland to La Pomtc, one thousand one
hundred miles, 1855  34 "
Fiom Cleveland to La Poiute, one thousand one
hundred miles, 1856   15 "
Making      105 trips.
For which $125 per round trip is charged, amounting to
§20,02.5; and from Cleveland to Superior City, about one
lhoiir<and two hundred miles, and back, dui ing the summer
of ltv7, sixteen trips, at #200 per trip—$3,21)0 ; making a
total of §23,825.
It appeals fiom a statement furnished by the Post Officc
Depaitment, in answer to a call iroin the chairman of this
committee, that prior to 1852 theie was no contract in ex-
istence lor the service on Lake Supeuor, but in June of
that year the postmaster of Sault Ste. Main1 author-
ised to engage steamboat service between Ins office and
Ontonagon, including the supply of intermediate offices, at
fifteen dollars per trip. Under this anaiigeiiumt the claim-
ants appear to have received $1,410, and loi this special
seivice no furthei chaige is made, and that item i?> not in-
cluded m this claim.
In May, 1856, the claimant!? were offered fifty dollar-per
tup to cany the mail between Cleveland and Ontonagon
tin ee times a week. They claim to have performed filtoon
tups that reason, but have leceived no pay. Tiiey claim
$125 per tiip, which the Department declines to admit.
It does i.ot appear fiom the statement fiom the Depait-
ment that any portion ol the service tor which compensation
is now claimed has been paid foi, and the committee aie en-
tirely satisfied that such pavment ha<? nevei been made.
The actual poitormance of the seivice seems to be fully
proved by the affidavits ol tin; ma^tci > of the sevcial steam-
boats emjxgcd in it, and the o'ttifieatos of postmasters.
Benjamin G. Sweet deposes thai he w;h master of the
steamoi Northernoi from the spriug of 1851 to the olo-e of
1853, and of the Notth h'tariiom September, 1851, to the
elo-e of 1S5G, and that Ihe-e vessels p'-itoimed the service
foi winch payment k-claimed. He states that "the mails
were put on hoard at Detroit bv the employ^ of the post
office at that place, and leoyjved by the po*tma<?tor«j at the
other pomi-, who, in return, made up and redelivered the
way mail, which was changed at each officc west of the
Sault."
lie states the usual quantity of bags each trip, for each
boat, from thnteen to twenty, and in the fall and spring a
much larger number, making the average for ihu season as
high as twenty bags per tup ; that the mail bags woto put in
the bagsa^e room, in chaige of the poitet, and took up a
large amount of room that might have been piofitably em-
ployed ; that it was sometimes necessity to delivorthe mails
in a boat, because of the danger and difficulty of getting
into the harbor.
The most abundant evidence of the peiformancc of the
service is to be found in the testimony ot Captain John
Wilson, o on firmed by the testimony of E. P. Dooi. Captain
Wilson was encaged 111 similar service, and at the tunes in
which this servti e is alleged to have been peiformed. His
evidence is  o full m relation to the service, its risks, and
its value, that your committee propose to make it a part of
their tepotf, and heieto append if, marking it ''A."
The table attached to it is an epitome of the service, the
time when rendoicd, the distance passed over, and the
chaiges made tor said service.
The committee can only refer to the testimony of the
other witm sses, without recapitulating it at lermth.
Joint E Tinner deposes " that while he was mate of the
Northerner, he heaid the master, acting under instructions
of said Turners, refuse to take the mails at Detroit, assign-
ing as a reason that no compensation was made, and the
postmaster at Detroit assured him that an allowance would
be made, and upon that assurance they continued to carry
the mail "
Hon. Henry M. Rice, and J. S. Watrous, Esq., state that
they are familiarly acquainted with the services performed
by these claimants, and that they aie fully satisfied that the
amount charged for the service (§125 per trip) is a moder-
ate remuneration, and ought to be allowed.
Hon. George W. Manj penny (late Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs) and Hon. S. A Douolas, speaking from per-
sonal knowledge, state that the price charged is reasonable,
and that the service is worth the amount asked for it.
The committee arc satisfied, from the evidence m the
ease, and fiom the statements ami certificates of reliable
pei«ons having a petsonal knowledge of the facts, and com-
petent to foim a reliable judgment, that the services for
which compensation is claimed were actually and faith-
fully perfonned; that the mtetests of a large and active
business community, engaged in the development of an im-
portant souiee of national wealth, lequired the facilities
which those services affoided, and that no compensation
has been made therefor.
It is the general policy of the Post Office department to
limit the amount and grade of the mail service by ffie revr
enues derived from the particular routes. This is illus-
trated by the fact that fifteen dollars per trip was offered
for the service between Sault Ste. Marie and Ontonagon, a
distance of five hundred miles, and fifty dollars per trip be-
tween Cleveland and Sault Ste. Marie, a distance of five
hundicd miles.
It is clear that these prices bear no reasonable proportion
to the cost of performing the service, whatever relations they
may have to the revenues of the offices supplied j and, al-
though the service was performed m compliance wi  the
earnest solicitations of the business community, and the
assurances of postmasters that compensation would be
made, the inadequate offeis of the Department were de-
clined.
The rate charged for this service is less than an average
of ninety dollars per mile (reckoning one way only) for daily
steamboat service throughout the year, while the price paid
between San Francisco and Stockton is $200 per mile per
annum, and frotn §100 to §200 per mile is paid on many
other loutes.
Ft is doubtless true that ihe expense of the service will
consideiably except! the revenues directly derived from it;
but the same is also the factof nearly all the other steamboat
service, particularly in newly-doveloped secitons of the L
country, like California and the Lake Superior regions. But M
it will not be denied that the general interests and business
of the country demand that these facilities thould be af-
forded to the progressive spirit and energies of our people,
and that the wise policy of the Government, in opening
such facilities, is amply remunerated in the rapid develop-
ment of great sources of our national wealth and prospeuty.
The committee, therefoie, being satisfied that the service
has been perfonned, that it has been useful and valuable
to the countiy, and that the compensation asked is reason-
able, report a bill for its payment, and recommend its pas-
sage.
Mr. HUNTER. Can the Senator state whether
the services were in pursuance of contract?
Mr. WADE. I am not able to state. The bill
comcs from the Post Office Committee.
Mr. RICE. I am somewhat acquainted with
the service performed, and I would say to the Sen-
ate that it was done in pursuance of an order
given by the postmasters on the various routes,"
that the post offices on the northern lakes and in
the eastern portion of Minnesota should be sup-
plied during the summer season for several years
by this line of boats. I know the service was
performed in good boats. I believe the amount
is justly due, as several of the postmasters in-
formed me that they had requested the service to
be performed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MARY C. HAMILTON.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I ask tho
consent of the Senate now to take up abili which
passed this body at the last session, but was not
reached in the House of Representatives for want
of time. It has now passed that body and come
here. The lady has been without her pension
for eighteen months, and she is in great distress.
It is one of the most meritorious cases presented.
I am sure it will not take two minutes to act on
it. It is the bill (II. R. No. 518) to continue the
pension heretofore paid to Mary C. Hamilton,
i widow of Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the
United StatesArmy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which proposes to direct the Secretary
of tho. Interior to continue the name of Mrs. Mary
C. Hamilton on the pension rolls, at the same
rate of pension allowed her under the act passed
for her benefit and approved March 1st, 1854, the
payment to commence from the expiration of that
I act, and to continue for five years from the date
of the passage of this.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
post office department;
Mr. YULEE. I now renew my motion to take
up the bill (S. No. 143) to create the office of
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
decided that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. YULEE. I ask for the yeas ahd nays. I
desire to know whether the Senate is disposed to
act on the subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ^ .
Mr. RROQERICfK. I have seen the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads since this question came up a few minutes
since, and he says it is very necessary that the
office should be created for the benefit of the Post
Office Department. 1 do not agree with the chair-
