558
Tim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February S,
discussion of it, and deprive members of the
opportunities to amend it which are afforded in
Committee of" the W hole on the state of the Union,
but from which we should be precluded in this
House by the demand for the previous question.
For this reason, iffor no other, in my opinion,a
bill of this importance and magnitude should go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where we can have the fullest and freest
investigation of it. If it is right, and a majority
of the House are of that opinion, they will pass
it when they have perfected it. The only reason
why 1 prefer that it should be committed rather
than postponed, is that it may have that exam-
ination which will enable every gentleman to make
up his mind intelligently upon this important ques-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not agree in the views
expressed by the gentleman fromTennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] and particularly not for the reasons whieh
he has given. I understand the gentleman from
Tennessee who reports this bill [Mr. Savage] to
say that it is not nis object to prevent a full, fair,
and rigid investigation of the merits of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Permit me one
word of explanation. I did not refer to the ob-
ject of my colleague, but I stated what would
be the effect of his motion; whenever a majority
here think proper, they can call the previous
question, and cut off all further discussion or
propositions to amend.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know that I am in
favor of the bill as reported by the gentleman,
[Mr. Savage,] or that it will receive my vote.
Nevertheless I am for giving a pension to the sol-
diers of the war of 1812. These men, as was
remarked by some gentleman, are fast passing
hway ;and if we intend to do anything for them to
reward their services, we must do it quickly. Now,
is the effect of postponement that which the gen-
tleman [Mr. Jones] says it is ? Not at all. The
gentleman who reports the bill, and who seems
to have it in charge, [Mr. Savage,] says that he
will not, by any action of his, ask the House to
Erevent a full investigation of the merits of the
ill. We want to have the bill in a position where
this Congress can act upon it. We desire that
the House shall come to a vote upon it, and that
the country shall know whether or not it is the
intention of the House to pass the bill in some
form, giving pensions to the soldiers of the war
of 1812.
Now, as to the amount of $10,000,000 that it is
said this bill will take from the Treasury. I do
not know whether it will take ten or twentymil-
lions. The amount is not a cjuestion that I have
investigated; but 1 am for doing justice to those
men who have rendered service to their country,
by giving them in their old age some bonus. Yes,
sir; I want to at least do them justice. I am for
putting this bill in a shape tliat will allow the
House to do that thing. I am unwilling to com-
mit it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
ef the Union, where it will never be heard of. I
prefer to keep it before the House, in order that,
when it shall have received the investigation due
to a bill of its magnitude, we may come to a vote
upon it, and either pass or reject it.
Mr. COLFAX. The very fact stated by the
fentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that this
ill is a bill of importance, requires, as it seems
to me, that we should keep it within our control,
as is proposed by the gentleman who reported it,
[Mr. Savage;] that we should not send it to that
" tomb of the Capulets"—the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—where it will
be overslaughed,as it was m the last session, by
political discussions, by appropriation bills, which
take precedence there over every other subject,
and thus, perhaps, prevent a test vote being taken
on it through the whole Congress.
I believe that if the people of the United States
wore to be consulted, you would find that public
opinion is almost undivided on this matter, and
that the great masses of the people would say that
it is more patriotic as well as more beneficent to
make an appropriation of the public funds for
such a purpose than to spend them by the million,
as has been done, for water-works for this city,
and in reckless expenditures all over the land.
This is adebt of individual j ustice and ofnational
honor. AH of those men who were in the second
•war of American independence are now in the
evening of their days and in the decline of their
lives; and the small pittance proposed by this bill
to be given to them would assistat least in smooth-
ing their passage to the grave.
For these reasons, and for the fact that I do not
wish to see the bill overslaughed by the appropri-
ation bills, which are always certain to pass,from
the many interests involved in them, even if they
were postponed till the last week of the session;
and because it is due to the numerous petitioners
for a bill of this character, and to the persons spe-
cially interested in its passage, that it should be
depided, in the affirmative or negative, I wish to
see a debate had upon its merits, and a vote upon
its merits on the yeas and nays. I hope, there-
fore, that the bill may be kept within the control
of the House, and that the motion to postpone it
to a specific day will be agreed to.
Mr. WARREN took the floor.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a question of or-
der. I believe the hour assigned for the call of
committees has expired.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I call for the regular
order.
Mr. SAVAGE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection till this question be dis-
posed of.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I think that the
quickest way to dispose of this matter is to call
up the regular business.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to reconsider my mo-
tion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. There has been no vote
taken. The bill will come up the first thing in
order when the committees are called again; and
the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] will
be entitled to the floor.
OHIO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
matter for the consideration of the House at this
time is the report of the Committee of Elections
on the application of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] asking for leave to take sup-
plemental testimony in his case.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield me the floor to make a motion which
ought to precede this, and which will take but a
few moments? A resolution was submitted the
other day by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] to allow the contestant in this case to
occupy a seat on the floor during the pendency of
this matter. I moved to reconsider it, so that the
resolution is not now in effect. I wish to dispose
of the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I give way for that
purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to say, in regard to this,
that at the time the resolution was submitted by
the gentleman from Georgia, it struck me that it
was unusual. I was aware that, in cases of con-
tested elections, the right had been frequently
yielded to the contestant to appear at the bar of
the House and argue the merits of the contest.
Contestants had been allowed to make speeches
on the issue of the contest itself, it struck me,
however, that it was an unusual thing to allow a
contestant a seat on the floor for the purpose of
debating matters that might arise in the progress
ofthecase. Thegentleman from Georgia stated,
in answer to a question, that it was the usual res-
olution. I was perfectly satisfied, Mr. Speaker,
that thegentleman from Georgia considered it the
usual resolution. I desired time, however, to in-
vestigate this matter, and to see whether it was
the usual resolution; and I therefore made the mo-
tion to reconsider. Since that time I have investi-
gated the matter very fully, and I have found a large
number of cases, extending through many years
of the history of the American Congress, in which
nearly similar, or precisely similar, resolutions
were adopted,
I may say, Mr. Speaker, that if that had not
been the case, if this had been the first time that
such a resolution had been submitted, if this prac-
tice was now to be inaugurated, I, for one, would
be opposed to it. I need not give my reasons. I
find, however, that it has been the practice of the
country for years; and I find this, further, that no
such resolution has been submitted at any time
and not passed. Whenever the privilege has been
asked for the contesting member to have a seat
on the floor for the purpose of discussing these
Matters, that privilege has been allowed. Wbne
I have been unwilling, therefore, to yield to the
contestant in this case any unusual privilege, I
am, at the same time, unwilling to deny, now and
for the first time, the contestant any privilege
which has been heretofore uniformly granted
when asked for. I therefore move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] a question. I agree
with him very fully in the views which he has
submitted in reference to the practice of the House
on previous occasions. But I desire him to state
li ow long it is since that practice has been departed
from > How long is it since a resolution of this
sort was adopted by this House, and these priv-
ileges granted to a person contesting the seat of
asitting member? And I would ask,too, whether
this does not amount to the inauguration of a new
policy, as far as our action is concerned?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I stated the
other day, in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Morgan,] that this resolution was in
accordance with the practice of the House. I have
an abundance of authorities in support of that po-
sition, and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] was right in saying that the privilege has
never been denied by the House. It was said by
Mr. Macon, in one of the first contested-election
cases in the House of Representatives, that it was
a matter of right upon the part of the contestant,
and that there was no necessity for the House to
grant the privilege. The first time a resolution
was offered in the House for that purpose was in
1811.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question I propounded
to the gentleman from Virginia was, how long
the practice, which it is proposed now to revive,
has been discontinued ? I do not understand that
it has been the practice within the last few years.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not know
of any case where it has been departed from.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not examined the
matter myself, but I do not remember of any case
since I have been in Congress, where a contestant
has ever been allowed to come on the floor and par-
ticipate in the general debate upon all incidental
questions growing out of the contested election.
I understand that contestants have, in all cases,
been allowed to come upon the floor and make a
speech directly upon the merits of the case. I
understand the gentleman from Virginia to state
that this has been the practice for perhaps the last
quarter of a century.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I do not see the propriety of continu-
ing this debate upon this matter. The gentleman
from Virginia moves to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; and the motion is not debata-
ble.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to understand the
effect of this resolution. We on this side of the
House understand it to give the contestant in this
case the right to be present on the floor of the
House and speak to the merits of the question,
but not to speak upon any incidental question that
may arise touching the contest.
Mr. BOCOCK. Thegentleman, I think, ismis-
taken.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the resolution
may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tiu.it Clement L. Vallandigham have leave to
occupy a seat upon the floor of the Hou^e, pending the dis-
cussion of the report of the Committee of Elections upon
the case of his contest for the seat now occupied by Lewis
D. Campbell, of the third congressional district in the State
of Ohio, and that tie have leave to speak to the merits of
said contest, and the report thereon.
Mr. STANTON. Now, sir, I understand that
gives him the right to speak to the merits of the
resolution, and not upon incidental questions.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
misapprehension at all. It allows the contestant
to speak upon the merits of his case, upon any
issue, or point, or question, as it may arise,
whether it be upon the final or any intermediate
vote. And, sir, I state further, that the resolu-
tion is almost verbatim with the one which I now
send to the Clerk's desk. And I state that it is al-
most identically the same as that which has been
adopted in every contested election since 1811.
Whether the contestants have availed themselves
of the right to speak on incidental questions in
every case within the last few years, I do not
