1858.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mr. YULEE. I promise that if the bill occu-
pies more than ten minutes I will yield.
Mr. HUNTEXi. Other Senators may want to
debate it.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 200) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of Government for the year
ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If a motion to reconsider
a little amendment of mine is in order I will make
it, that the chairman of the Committee on Indian
'Affairs may add an amendment to it. I do not
think it necessary; I think the existing law is
right; but I hope by general consent the chair-
man of the Committee on Ipdian Affairs will be
allowed to make his amendment. I see no ob-
jection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a pend-
ing amendment, which the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read:
" For making the surveys of the confirmed piivate land
claims in California" 
Mr. HUNTER. I withdrew that amendment.
It is not pending.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope that amendment
will be taken up. My colleague is now in his
. seat. I believe it was postponed for the purpose
of giving him an opportunity of explaining it. I
wish to hear his explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California may renew the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The Senate will allow the Chair to
state that he thinks stiictly the fust question in
order is the motion of the .Senator from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Slidell] to leconslder the amendment
in regaidto the St. Clair flats. With the unani-
mous consentof the Senate, however, he will per-
mit that to lie over.
Mr. SL1DELL. I changed my vote^for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration; lout I am
not aware that I did move it yesterdawf I enter
the motion now. 1 think the Journal/will show,
probably, that I did not make the mo/ion then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
mistaken, then, m that respect.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the amenament which
was withdrawn by the Senator from^ Virginia;
after line one hundred and thutecn to insert:
For making the s-uuvys of the confirmed pnvate land
claim5: in Cahtoima, the >ui\v\.)i gcncM.1 is> hereby au-
thouzed to pay > uch sum a- lie may deem icasonable, ac-
euiduiii to the eitcum&tance-> connect) d with each case, not
exceeding at the late of twenty-rive dollar fur each mile of
the boundaiy line of any claim, and also lor such hues as
may necessarily be iun,"and marked or measured, in oider
to connect the lines of such claim with those of the adja-
cent public surveys.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I offer this as
an addition to the amendment:
Provided, That any survey executed under thi* provis-iOn
shall he deemed and lieid void lor fraud m all cases where
it shall appear that additional compensation s-ball have been
accepted by the surveyor, duectly or lndneetlj, tiom the
owner or owners of the claim.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing to agree
to the proposition of the Senator from Arkansas.
In the act " to ascertain and settle the private land
claims m the State of California, "approved March
3, 1851, it was provided:
And for all claim* finally confirmed by the said com-
mi-<Moners or by the s.aid di-trictoi supieme com t, a patent
Miali iSf-ue to the claimant on his presenting to the General
Land'Office an authentic certificate of such eonfnmauon,
and a plat oi suivcy ot the kihI land duly certified and ap-
proved by the &urveyoi genoial of California, whose duly it
shall he to cause all pnvate claims which shall beiinailv
confumed to be accurately &urvc>ed and to furnish plats ot
the same."
It is made the duty of the surveyor general
under the law, after a claim has been confirmed,
to have it surveyed. The necessity for the legis-
lation now proposed, as I stated a few days ago,
arises from the fact that nearly all the filially con-
firmed private land claims have accumulated in
the surveyor general s oilice within the last year.
The late Attorney General, Mr. Cushing, before
he went out of office dismissed a great number ot
those cases, and they arc now ready for final sur-
vey; the United States having withdrawn its op-
position , they were finally confirmed to the claim-
ants. The surveyor general, in his report to the
Secretary of the Interior, has given thefollowing
statement in regard to this very question:
" It is ten years since we took possession of California,
•whiclu was soon followed by tne discovery of its vast min-
eral wealth, and a consequent influx of immigration unpre-
cedented in the annals of civilization. Many-of these
immigrants soon found that independent of the mineral at-
tractions, the agricultural advantages were also superior to
llio^e of any of the older States. It was soon ascertained,
however, that the best lands of the State were, in the main,
covered by numerous large grants derived from the former
Government, with limits, m most instances, but very loosely
defined ; and hence the settlers were often in doubt whether
paiticular tiacts formed portions of the public domain to
which they'eould acquire preemption rights,or whether
they were within the limits of a grant. The uncertainty in-
cident to this state of affairs not only crcated much ill feel-
ing between the settlets and the rancho claimants, but it
has very gieatly retarded permanent impiovements, as well
as the development of the agueultural resouices and capa-
bilities of the country, few being willing during this s.tate of
«6oubt to make permanent improvements. Under the ope-
rations of the act of 18.>1, for the examination of land titles
in this State, very many cases have already been finally
decided ; and m a short" time the great mass of them will
he definitely settled, as lar as the titles are concerned, and
only the action on the part of this ofnee will bo needed to
discriminate between the pnvate claims thus recognized
and the contiguous pubbc lands.
{% As soon as this discrimination and se«iegation shall be
effected, a bughter day will dawn upon the piosprcrsol the
agueultural poiiion of oui citizens, who will be enabled to
secure titles to their homes, either by pieemption fiom the
United States, whine they are on public lands, or by pur-
chase lrom the contiimees, where they aie within the lim-
its ol a pnvate grant. In eithet event they will go on with
renewed vigor and spint m the great work of proving the
vast agricultural advantages of this countiy. J'eimauent
and valuable impi ovenieuts will take the place of their tem-
porary ones, and they will speedily demonstiafe the fact
that the proper cultivation of our pioductive muI i-- as cer-
tain a load to competencv, if not to wealth, as the woikmg
of our gold placers and quartz veins.
" So s-oon as the ranches aie piopcrlv surveyed, then the
adjacent public lands can be lately subdivided and thought
into nuuket; and as tho->e hmd-. aie ye tie i all v the ino^t val-
uable and desirable fanning lands in the State, the\ will he
spcdily entered, and the Government will brum to deiive |
a revenue ?hei«fiom. lienee it is, m mv opinion, the true ;
policy of the Government, having lejjaid lor the niteie<.ts j
of all concerned, to see that every eftbit be made to draw
the lines between the confirmed claims and the public lands
at the eailiest peuod possible. Hut to enable thi> ollioc to
do so, not onlv must the means he provided by timelv and
ample appropriations, butlmther legislation is needed in >
respect to the compensation which this oliice if allowed to
make for the porfoimniice of Mich seivice, as well asulhor i
matteis connected with such ^mveys.
"The i)U'-it;c>s of f-uiveyui'i theseelann- isom rcqiming
not onlv the highe-t made or piofes-ion.il quahficatiuiihon
the pait of the deputy, but it should be confided only to
those of known ability and of the most mconuptibk: mteg-
i it v. a^ (iiii)ng the pi ocess of the woik they will have, in
vely m.inj L.hCs, to act and decide upon te-timony which
may he adduced in explanation of doubtful questions of
boundaiy.
"The" work, as it will be readily peiceived, will not be
one continuous couise of field operation-*, as in ea^es of
the ordmarv surveys of the public lands, but will have to
be peitormed at intervals, and fie<]uentlv in plates widely
sepatateel fiom each othei, and not oi' great extent at any
one penod,and involving much lossoftime m making pre-
liminary examinations, leceivuig and exaimmngevidenee,
and also in making the labotious calculations, and othei
clerical woik, nece^arily connected with such suiveys.
As the best and cleaiest method ol pi eventing my views as
to the legislation which i^ lequned to meet tne necessities
of the >ub|ect, t have taken the hheity of planus them
hef'o!e the Department m the foim of the accompanying
a bills," maikcd ;U,) to winch, and the c.\plana!oiy ic-
maiks connected theiewith. ! beg leave to soheit\oui eun-
t-idcration, with the hope that jou will concur with ine as
to the neee>Mtv of some Mich legislation being lequi-ite to
obviate the ditficuSties now letaiding the eliicient execution
oi tins btanch of my duties.1'
in explanation of the bill here referred to, the
surveyor general says:
"Sk.c. 1. The present price allowed for surveying the
claims alluded to it, such that it is almost impossible to pio-
cure competent deputies to execute the woik. Hence the
prehcnt>tate of unceitamly as to the lines which ate to sep-
arate fhe pnvate claims from the public domain will have
to continue, unless the additional sums requisite to com-
pensate the deputies for then tune and labot in making sueli
survevo t-hall be paid them by the confmnees. The injustice
of thus thiowmg additional buulens upon the land claim-
ants must be acknowledged by all. Not only so, but the
impolicy of making the depim dependent upon the claim-
ant lot compensation, and thu> cieatmg a mutual mteiest
between them, is a prominent objection to such a course.
Theielme the maximum allowance foi making such sui-
veys .-.hould be increased, leaving it to the -uiveyoi gcneial
to decide what sum. under all tile eircumuanees giowing
out of the locality o! each claim and the nature of its bound-
aiics, would be a fair ami icusonable compensation foi the
services pci formed. fn many case-- the pmpo<«d maMimnn
would not be inoie than a just allowance tor the execution
of the field woik.-'5
This is the official report of the surveyor gen-
eral of California to the Secretary of the Intenor.
Following that was a recommendation of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and the
Secretary of the Interior, that the increased com-
pensation shall be given for the purpose of facil-
itating the surveys of private land claims 111 Cal-
ifornia, and effloiently-to perform thepublic service
in separating the public domain from pri vate land
claims. I will also state that the Secretary of the
Interior has issued a peremptory order to the sur-
veyor general of California that he shall, under
no circumstances, permit the private claimant to
•pay for his survey. Now, according to the offi-
cial documents'read the other day, and to-day, in
regard to that order, it seems to be impossible to
survey these claims; and I suppose my colleague
will agree that nothing wpuld advance the inter-
ests of California, and the permanent settlement
of the country more, than to complete the sur-
vey of these claims, and separate them from the
public lands.
In regard to the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas, I am willing to agree to it. I do not
want the claimants to have anything to do with
running the lines. I will state another fiact in re-
lation to the act of 1851, directing the issue of
patents for these lands. They do not affect tho
rights of third parties, notwithstanding the issu-
ing of the patent. Parties can go into the State
courts and set them aside. The object is to have
the United States acquitted of all connection with
these claims; and if there is any wrong in the
original survey or confirmation, it can be cor-
rected in the State courts.
Sir. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Do I under-
stand the Senator from California to accept the
amendment I offered?
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the amendment before the Senate to be
an amendment of the Committee on Finance. It
is not, therefoie, in the power of the Senator from
California to accept an amendment to it; but one
may be offered.
Mr. BHODERICK. I have not changed my
opinion in regard to this subject; but I do not
want to prevent the owners of property in Cali-
fornia from having their lands surveyed. I be-
lieve that the work can be done for fifteen dol-
lars a mile; but the Interior Department are of a
different opinion, and I do not wish to raise a
public clamor against me in my State. I am na
anxious as my colleague to further the surveys of
tho owners of property in California. I under-
stand that the public lands cannot be exposed for
sale until the private lands are surveyed and set
apart. I hope that the Senators who have voted
with mo will see the position ill which I stand, and
change their votes. The surveyor general, I sup-
pose, will shut his office: for the Secretary of the
Interior is satisfied that the work cannot be per-
formed for fifteen dollars a mile, and the people
will have to wait until Congress assembles again.
I did not think, when I first urged my objection
to tins proposition, that the Interior Department
approved of it. I have ascertained since that they
do, and that they are satisfied this work cannot
be performed for fifteen dollars a mile. I do not
agree with them; I believe it can be done for that;
but still I do not wish to prevent the owners of
land claims having their claims surveyed during
the coming summer. I witlidiaw my objection
to the amendment, and I hope it will pass; be-
cause I am satisfied blame will be attached to me
if the claimants cannot have their lands surveyed.
Mr. HARLAN. I would very cheerfully vote
for this amendment if I thought that there was
any necessity for it; but 1 do not see the neces-
sity. It is true that it will cost the surveyor
more per mile to survey an isolated claim, il it
be a small one, than to execute public surveys
at large. Some elements of the expense will be
greater, but others will be smaller. If the sur-
veys be made m the settlements, (and I suppose
these private claims are generally within the set-
tlements in California,) the expense of transport-
ing men and provisions would be very greatly
diminished. But if these pnvate land claims are
surrounded by public lands, the same deputy
surveyor that surveys the public lands can sur-
vey the private claims in the execution of his
public work with the same ease that he could
meander a lake, embraced withm the limits of bis
distiict. There would be no more difficulty in
surveying a private claim, however irregular,
than in meanaering the margin of a lake or river.
In the execution of a contract to survey the pub-
lic lands, the deputy surveyor would be com-
pelled to do this at the ordinary rates. I notice
by the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
