mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
what is the truth, each party having a fair chance
of presenting their proof.
But the majority of the committee say, in their
report, that the sitting member should have gone
on after the sixty days had expired, and should
have occupied a portion of the summer in the
taking of his testimony, and then have relied upon
the indulgence of the House, or of the committee,
in revolving and acting upon the testimony thus
taken. Now, Mr. Speaker, let me just inquire
for a moment into that matter. It appears that
'he sitting member evinced every desire to have
*he whole testimony taken and here in time. He
courted no delay, and desired, ifpossible, to avoid
the necessity that he now feels himself under, of
asking this veuy indulgence from the House. In
a letter which he addressed to the contestant, on
the 2d of April, 1857, he made use of this lan-
guage:
" Desirous that all the material facts shall be fairly pre-
sented before Congress, I deem it proper to advise you that
f will hereafter proceed to take testimony m the case, (of
which due notice, according to law, will be given you,) and
to suggest my entire willingness to enter into a mutual agree-
ment with you to waive any technical objection which might
bo made on the point of tune in the taking of testimony on
either side. I propose, therefore, a mutual agreement to
that effect. This would give to both of us, and our friends,
a fail opportunity to present all the facts bearing upon the
i^sue, and tend to prevent delay in the final decision of the
nrmor, as well as the increased expense to the Government
which would result from a necessity to take testimony after
the meeting of Congress."
The contestant, in answer to that letter, posi-
tively declined to enter into any such agreement;
and yet the majority of the committee present it
in their report, as a reason why this privilege
should be denied, that the sitting member ought
to have gone on and taken testimony, notwith-
standing the refusal of the contestant to make any
such agreement.
It is true the contestant submitted another prop-
osition, that the sitting member should resign and
that they should go before the people. That is
what the contestant says should have been done
by the sitting member. The majority of the com-
mittee say that he should not have done so, but
that he ought still to have gone on and taken his
testimony.
It seems to me, Mr Speaker, that it is but fair
and right, that it is but justice, that time should be
allowed for the taking of further testimony. Such
is my anxiety to letall the parties be heard, that
1 voted in committee to give further time to the
sitting member in tiie Ncbuiska case, as in this.
I desne to know the truth of the case. 1 desire
that justice should be done under all the circum-
stances.
And, Mr. Speaker, let me say further. As I un-
derstand it, it was believed by both of these par-
ties, as well the sitting member as the contestant,
and both acted under that solemn conviction, that
while one had a commission pending the other had
no right to take testimony at another place, under
a different commission, at the same time. So that
this whole case comes within a nut-shell. The con-
testan t takes the in itiatory steps, lie begins as early
as he can, and in the usual time, and substantially
occupies all the time allowed for taking testimony,
leaving the sitting candidate no time to take testi-
mony on his side. Besides that, the contestant
does what is conceded to be wrong: while he has
a commission pending at one place, he gives no-
tice that he will take depositions at another place;
and actually proceeds and takes testimony under
two commissions running at the same time.
Aly friend fiom Illinois [Mr. Harris] says that
all men should be treated alike. So say 1. But
if we refuse, in this case, to follow out the prece-
dent that we have set, in asking the House for an
extension of time in the case of Chapman and
Ferguson, wc will not be carrying out that golden
rule of treating all persons alike.
My friend says it makes no sort of difference
what either of these parties claim. When the
question was asked of my friend, did not the con-
testant insist, as a rule of law under this statute,
that the sitting member had no right to take any
testimony while his commission was sitting, what
was his answer? That it made no sort of differ-
ence what any of the parties claimed. I differ
with him. Inasmuch as the contestant refused
the extension of time, and held that to be the con-
struction of the law, so far it must affect him as
though it was the law. And if that was the cor-
rect construction of the law, then he left no time
to the sitting candidate to take testimony.
Mr. Speaker, I have been careful to form no
opinion in this case. Honestly I have none, and
if I had I would not express it now. But, Mr.
Speaker, there does arise in this case the decision
of a question, which I conceive the taking of ad-
ditional testimony may avoid; and I think it ought
to be avoided if possible. It is one which will
introduce before this House a discussion, out of
which no good can arise. As the testimony now
stands, that question will certainly be involved,
and wiil have to be decided first by the commit-
tee, and its decision perhaps reviewed by this
House. It is a question dangerous and exciting
in its character. It is as to the right of certain
persons in the State of Ohio to vote—persons with
Indian or with African blood in their veins. As
the testimony now stands, this House will have
to decide whether inhabitants of the State of Ohio
who have voted, who have offered to vote, and
who have been denied the right of voting, are en-
titled to vote as the law now stands. I think, sir,
that by the continuing of this case we may pos-
sibly have the case so clear as to be able to avoid
the decision of this question, and thus to avoid the
sacrifice of time here, and save agitation to the
country. It is important that that question should
be stated here for the consideration of the House,
that gentlemen may think of it and investigate it
before it comes up.
In 1802 the constitution of Ohio used the words
" white inhabitants" in reference to the qualifica-
tions of voters. The question went to the court
of last resort of Ohio, and that court solemnly de-
cided twice that all persons in the State of Ohio
were "white inhabitants" in whose veins there
was a preponderance of white blood—where the
Indian or African blood was less than the white;
an d that such persons were,under the constitution,
entitled to vote.
In this case we have testimony in relation to a
large number of electors of that description who
voted, some for the contestant and some for the
contestee; and as the matter now stands,acorrect
decision, according to the evidence, cannot be
made by the committee or by the House without
first determining that question.
It is insisted, on one side, that such persons are
now legal voters of the State of Ohio; and it is
insisted on the other side that they are not. The
ground on which it is claimed that they are not,
is, that in 1851 the people of Ohio reviewed their
constitution, and for the words " white inhabit-
ants" they substituted the word " citizens;" and
that that has been done after the decisions were
made in 1842, declaring that persons in whom the
white blood predominated over the Indian or Af-
rican were entitled to vote. It is insisted, then,
inasmuch as in 1851 this change was made by
the people in the phraseology of the constitution
: of Ohio, they intended to exclude all the inhabit-
ants of that State from the exercise of the elective
franchise who had any visible trace of Indian or
of African blood.
Here is presented to my mind a new and very
interesting question—whether, under the decision
in the Dred Scott case, we shall have to come to
the conclusion, in this case, that individuals in
whom there arc visible traces of Indian or of Af-
rican blood are citizens of the United States, or
can be so far a citizen of the State of Ohio, or of
any State, as to vote for a member of Congress?
I have come to no conclusion upon the subject,
but it is one very interesting in its character. I
stated to my friends on the committee, that in the
southern States they allow such persons to vote,
ortestify, or hold office, or musterinto the militia,
who are not within the fourth degree. And, sir,
we shall have to carry the Dred Scott decision very
far before wc decide that when it can be proved
by inspection or by admission that a man contains
Indian blood, he cannot be considered a citizen of
the United States to a sufficient extent to vote for
members of a State Legislature, or for members
of Congress. And, sir, one fact presents itself to
my mind, which I know my friend from Virginia
has often seen—that on the hustings it is not con-
sidered a disqualification for a man to boast that
he has the blood of Pocahontas running in his
veins. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I desire only to detain the House long
enough to show that this is one of the questions
that will come up in this case as the matter now
stands; and to submit whether it would not be
better to allow more time in this case on the other
side, and see if we cannot make out a decision
here for the contestant or against him upon some
other point, and avoid a discussion upon that point
which must consume time, create excitement, and
come to no good rea>ult. For, Mr. Speaker, in a
case of this kind, in a heated election, as this was,
where there are nine or ten thousand votes polled
on either side, where the contest is very close, and
must be decided one way or the other by a few
votes, where one party is in a different portion of
the Union attending to official duties, (luring the «
whole time in which the testimony is being taker
under the law, it would be strange if the other
party in that time could not find men enough who
had voted improperly, who may have been too
young, or who may havevotedin the wrong place,
to overcome the majority. There has never been
an election under these circumstances in which
the dissatisfied party could not in this manner ob-
tain votes enough to overcome such a majority as
is claimed by the sitting member.
. Now, sir, without detaining the House longer,
I submit that if the House is ever going to indulge
any party in taking supplemental testimony; if
they are ever going to establish a precedent of that
kind, this is a case in which it should be done.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think the gentle-
man from North Carolina who has just taken his
seat has placed the issue upon the proper grounds
between the majority, with which T concur, and
the minority. Nobody on the Committee of Elec-
tions, as I understand, denies or questions the
power of the House to extend the time for taking
testimony under the election law of 1837. It is
nota question of power, but it is a question which
addresses itself to the discretion of the House,
whether it will exercise a power which everybody
admits is granted under that act.
Now, sir, the majority of the committee thought
that Mr. Campbell, the sitting member, did not
bring himself within the rule under which further
time ought to be granted in which to take further
proof in his case. I shall not detain the House
long in stating the grounds on which the commit-
tee arrived at that conclusion. It will never do to
place such a construction upon this act of 1851 as
is now claimed by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Gilmer.] If such a construction is
placed upon the act, then the act itself becomes a
monstrous wrong. It gives safety to the sitting
member, but it absolutely denies everything like
justice to the contestant for a seat in this House.
Why, sir, it is claimed here that the gentleman
from Ohio, in consequence of his duties here in
Congress, had no time to attend to the taking of
that testimony which, by the act of 1851, is re-
quired to be taken within sixty days.
Gentlemen are well aware that in nearly all the
free States the elections are held the year preced-
ing the Congress in which the members elected
are entitled to take their seats. This election took
place nearly two years ago, just preceding the
last session of the last Congress, under the law
of 1851 this testimony was to be taken in sixty
days. Did the framers of this act contemplate
the returned member to be present in person to
take testimony ? or could be present by an at-
torney ? If present in person, he had to be there
within the sixty days; and in this case that sixty
day was necessarily during the second session
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress. But, sir, the act
clearly contemplated that if he was to be there in
person, he had the right to leave his seat in Con-
gress for that purpose. He could either do that
or he could be represented in the taking of testi-
mony by an agent. Mr. Campbell was repre-
sented by an agent in taking proof; and yet now,
eighteen months after, he comes here and asks
that the time may be extended, in consequence
of his having been engaged here at the time as a
member of the House.
Will the law of 1851 bear such a construction
as that ? I put it to the legal acumen of the gen-
| tleman from North Carolina. Is it consistent
i with justice, or propriety, that such a construc-
j tion should be placed upon it? Sir, under that
i construction, every gentleman who is returned
| from the free States will be engaged m Congress
i during the time when testimony must be taken
under the law, if his seat is contested. He is pre-
sumed to be here; and if that will give him the
right to have time allowed to take supplemental
testimony, members from the free States, whose
seats are contested, will always have that right.
