1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
might make a similar contract for the transpor-
tation of the mails by railroad from one point to
another, leaving the contractor to make his own
railroad, and furnish his own cars, and comply
wjth the terms of the contract. *
There is nothing in this bill that violates any
one principle which has prevailed in every mail
contract that has been made, from the days of Dr.
Franklin down to the elevation of James Buch-
anan to the Prcsidcncy. Every contract for car-
rying the mail by horse,from such a pointto such a
point, in saddle-bags, involves the same principle.
Every contract for carrying it from, such a point
to such a point in two horse hacks, with a cover-
ing to protect it from the storm, covers the same
principle. Every contract to carry it from such
a point to such a point in four horse coachcs of a
particular description, involves the same princi pie.
You contracted to carry the mails from New York
to Liverpool in ships of two thousand tons each,
to be constructed according to a model prescribed
by the Navy Department, leaving the contractor
to furnish his own ships, and receive so much
pay. That involves the same principle.
• You have, therefore, earned out the principle
of this bill in every contract you have ever had
for mails, whether it be upon the land or upon the
water. In every mail contract you have had, you
have carried out the identical principle involved
in this bill—simply the right to contract for the
transportation of the United States mails, troops,
munitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, at
fairprices, in the manner you prescribed, leaving
the contracting party to furnish the mode of trans-
portation. That is all there is m it. I do not see
how it can violate any party creed, how it can
violate any principle of State rights, how it can
interfere with any man's conscientious scruples.
Then, sir, where is the objection ?
If you look on this as a measure of economy
and a commercial measure, the argument is all in
favor of the bill. It is true, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has suggested that it is idle to suppose
that the trade of China is to ccntcr in San Fran-
cisco, and then pay sixty dollars a ton for trans-
portation across the continent by a railroad to
Boston. It was very natural that he should in-
dicate Boston, as my friend from Georgia murht,
perhaps, have thoughtof Savannah, or my friend
from SouthCarohnamighthdveindicated Charles-
ton, or the Senator from Louisiana might have
indicated New Orleans'. But I, living at the head
of the great lakes, would have made the compu-
tation from Chicago, and my friend from Mis-
souri would have thought it would have been very
well, perhaps, to take it from the State of Mis-
souri. When you are making this computation,
1 respectfully submit you must make the calcu-
lation from the sea-board to the center of the con-
tinent, and not charge transportation all the way
from the Atlantic to the Pacific; for suppose you
do not construct this road, and these goods come
by ship from Boston, it will cost something to
take them by railroad from there to Chicago, and
a little more to take them by railroad to the Mis-
souri river, half-way back to San Francisco again.
If you select the center of the continent, the great
heart and center of the Republic—the Mississippi
valley—as the point at which you are to concen-
trate your trade, and from which it is to diverge,
you will find that the transportation to it by rail-
road would not be much greater from San Fran-
cisco than from Boston. It would be nearly the
same from the Pacific that it is from the Atlantic;
and the calculation must be made in that pointof
view. There is the center of consumption, and
the center of those great products that are sent
abroad in all quarters to pay for articlesimported.
The center of production, the center of consump-
tion, the future center of the population of the
continent, is the point to which, and from which,
your calculation should be made.
Then, sir, if it costs sixty dollars per ton for
transportation from San Francisco to Boston by
railroad, half-way you may say it wiil cost thirty
dollars a ton. The result, then, of coming from
San Francisco to the center by railroad, would be
to save transportation by ship from San Fran-
cisco to Boston, in addition to the railroad trans-
portation into the interior.
But, sir, I dissent from a portion of the gentle-
man's argument, so far as it relates to transpor-
tation evil from San Francisco to Boston. I ad-
mit tint h' \ arti  h-s cf Hi^-ip value and great
bulk, would go by ship; that being the cheapest
mode of communication; but light articles, costly
articles, expensive articles, those demanded im-
mediately, and subject to decay from long voy-
ages and delays, would come directly across by
railroad, and what you would save in time would
be more than the extra expense of the transpor-
tation. You must add to that the risk of the
tropics, which destroys many articles, and that
process which is necessary to be gone through
with to prepare articles for the sea-voyage, is to
be taken into the account. I have had occasion
to witness that defect in one article of beverage
very familiar to you ail. Let any man take one
cup of tea that came from China to Russia over-
land, without passing twice under the equator,
and he will never be reconciled to a cup of tea
that has passed under the equator. The genuine
article, that has not been manipulated and pre-
pared to pass under the equator, is worth ten to
one that which we receive here. Prepai'ation is
necessary to enable it to pass under the tropics,
and the long, damp voyage makes as much differ-
ence in the article of tea as the difference between
a ^reeii apple and a dried apple, green corn and
dried corn, sent abroad. So you will find it to be
with fruits; so it will be with all the expensive
and precious articles, and especially those liable
to decay and to injury, either by exposure to a
tropical climate, or to the moisture of a long sea-
voyage.
Then, sir, in a commercial point of view, this
road will be of vastimportance. There is another
consideration that I will allude to for a moment.
U will extend our trade more than any other meas-
ure that you can devise, certainly more than any
one that you now have in contemplation. The
people are all anxious for the annexation of Cuba
so soon as it can be obtained on fair and honora-
ble terms—and why? In order to get the small,
pitiful trade of that Island We all talk about the
great, importance of Central Amcrica, in order to
extend our commerce; it is valuable to the extent
it goes. But Cuba, Central America, and all the
islands surrounding them, put together, are not
a thousandth part of the value of the great East
India trade that would be drawn first to our west-
ern coast, and then across to the valley of the
Mississippi, if this railroad be constructed. Sir,
if we intend to extend our commerce; if we intend
to make the great ports of the world tributary to
our wealth, we must prosecute our trade eastward
or westward, as you please; we must penetrate
the Pacific, its islands, and its continent, where the
great mass of the human family reside, where the
articles that have builtup the powerful nations of
the world have always come from. That is the
direction m which wo. should look for the expan-
sion of our c'ommerce and of our trade. That is
the direction our public policy should take—a di-
rection that is facilitated by the great work now
proposed to be made.
1 care not whether you look at it in a commer-
cial point of view, as a matter of administrative
economy at lio^me, as a question of military de-
fense, or in reference to the building up of the
national wealth, and power, and glory; it is the
great measure of the ago—a measure, that in my
opinion has been postponed too long—and I
frankly confess to you, that I regard the postpone-
ment to next December to mean, till after the next
presidential election. No man h'opes orexpects,
when you have not time t*> pass it m the early
spring, at the Ion:1: session, that you are gomgto
consider it at the short session. When you come
here at the next Mission, the objection will be that
you must not bring forward a measure of this
magnitude, because it will affect the political re-
lations of parties, and it will be postponed then,
as it was two years ago, to give the glory to the
incoming Administration, each party probably
thinking that it would have the honor of carrying
out the measure. Hence, sir, I regard the propo-
sition of postponement till December, to mean till
after the election of 18G0.
X desire to see all the pledges made in the last
contest redeemed during this term, and let the
next President, and the parties under him, re-
deem the pledges and obligations assumed during
the next campaign. The people of all parties at
the last presidential election decreed that this road
was to be made. The question is now before us.
We have time to consider it. We have all the
means necossaiy. a;- uvuh now as we < an have
at any other time. The Senator from Massachu-
setts intimates that the Treasury being bankrupt
now, we cannot afford the money. That Senator
also remarked ^hat we were just emerging from
a severe commercial crisis—a great commercial
revulsion—which had carried bankruptcy in its
train. If we have just emerged from it, if we have
passed it, this is the very time of all others when
a great enterprise should be begun. It might have
been argued when we saw that crisis coming, be-
fore it reached us, that we should furl our sails,
and trim our ship for the approaching storm; but
when it has exhausted its rage, when all the mis-
chief has been done that could be inflicted, when
the bright sun of day is breaking forth, when
the sea is becoming calm, and there is but little
visible of the past tempest, when the nausea of
sea-sickness is succeeded by joyous exhileration,
inspired by the hope of a fair voyage, let men feel
elated and be ready to commence a great work
like this, so as to complete it before another com-
mercial crisis or revulsion shall come upon us.
Sir, if you pass this bill no money can be ex-
pended under it until one section of the road has
been made. The surveys must be completed, the
route must be located, the land set aside and sur-
veyed, and a section of the road made before a
dollar can be drawn from the Treasury. If you
pass the bill now, it cannot make any drain on
the Treasury for at least two years to come; and
who doubts that all the effects of the late crisis
wiil have passed away before the expiration of
those two years?
Mr. President, this is the auspicious time, either
with a view to the interests of the country, or to
that stagnation which exists between political
parties which is calculated to make it a measure
of the country rather than a partisan measure, or
to the commercial and monetary affairs of the na-
tion, or with reference to the future. Look upon
it in any point of view, now is the time; and I am
glad that the Senator from Louisiana has indi-
cated, as I am told he has, that the motion for
postponement is a test question; for I confess I
shall regard it as a test vote on a Pacific railroad
..during this term, whatever it may be in the fu-
ture. I hope that we shall pass the bill now.
Mr. BELL. I have said so much, Mr. Presi-
dent, on this subject at formersessions, that I do
not propose to detain the Senate at present.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will give way, and I will make a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BELL. I do not wish it on my account.
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on the
motion; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs. Allen, Bicrgs, Chandler, Clark,
Clay, Dixon, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Ilamlin, Harlan,
Johnson of Aikansas, Kennedy, King, Seward, Simmons,
Trumbull, and Wade—19.
NAY'S—Messrs. Bayard. Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Rrod-
erick, Brown, Collamer, Doolmle, Douglas, Fes^euden,
Fitch, Gieen, Gwiti, Hale, Henderson, Houston, Hunter,
I ver*on, Johnson ofTennesw. Ma*nn, Pearee. Polk, Puph,
Sebastian, Slide!!, Rtuait, Thomson of New Jersey, Wil-
son, and Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BELL. I was remarking, sir, that I had
expressed my sentiments so often heretofore on
this subject that I should not detain the Senate by
going into any expression of them now. I desire
mrrely to say that I have not changed the opin-
ions i have so often expressed as to the import-
ance of this measure, whether regarded m an
economical view, or as a means of advancing the
great interests of the country, and its foreign and
domestic trade and commerce. Looking at it in
an economical point of view, if the Government
of this Union means to perform its obligations in
the protection of our advancing settlements m
the gorges of the Rocky Mountains, and in the
intermediate space between the Rocky Mountains
and the Sierra Nevada, and on the Pacific coast,
in the event of a war with any great maritime
Power, and if it means to perform its duties in
affording mail communications between the At-
lantic and our settlements on the Pacific, I think
that even if it should cost a hundred millions, or
a hundred and fifty, or two hundred millions, it
would still promote the economical administra-
tion of thi? Government. If we moan to hold
