THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. Ci -
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1858.
New Series.. 36.
But, sir, our report does not rest upon any such
ground as this. We say that Mr. Campbell has
not shown due diligence in availing-himself of his
rights, under the law, for taking testimony, and
is not therefore entitled to this privilege. I am
glad thegentleman from*North Carolina read, and
the majority of this committee concur, in support
of the proposition that there is nothing m the act
of 1851 which precludes the sitting member and
contestant from taking proof at the same time.
But the gentleman contends that there wasa mis-
construction; that the majority of the committee
are right in their construction, but that Mr. Camp-
bell gave a different construction, and that his
erroneous construction entities him to the indul-
gence of the House. Now, sir, I think I can
show by Mr. Campbell's letter that he did not
place any such construction as the gentleman from
rforth Carolina seems to suppose he did. In the
very letter to which the gentleman from North
Carolina refers, Mr. Campbell says:
"'There is, you are doubtless aware, a clause in the act
of Congress prescribing the mode of obtaining evidence in
cas.es of contested election, which provides that no testi-
mony t-hall be taken after the expiration of sixty days fiom
tile day on which the answer of the leturned member shall
bo served upon the contestant. I undei&tand, however, that
the practice of Congress, under the aft, ha-? been to regard
-tins provision as directory only, and to receive and consider
testimony taken after the penod limited, whenever a just
determination of the contest seems to require it.
" Desnous that all the mateual facts shall be fairly pre-
sented befoie Congiess. I deem it pioperio advise you that
I will hereafter proceed to t.ike testimony in the case, (of
winch due notice according to law will be given,) and to
suggest my entire willingness to enter into a mutual agiee-
nWnt with you to waive any technical objection which might
be made on the point of tune m the taking of testimony on
either side."
He does not say " by your consent." No, sir.
" I shall go on and take this testimony;" " I shall
bring this testimony before the committee; and
then, if you stickle about formalities, I shall show
the materiality of the testimony,and {shall appeal
to .the House;" " If i am cut off by technical-
ities, let me go and retake this testimony."
Why did not the sitting member do what he
proposed to do ? "Why did he not present to the
committee this proof? Then he might have said,
" Here is the substance of what 1 can prove, and
from which I am cut off by the technical construc-
tion of,this act." Although the sitting member
said he intended to take that proof, he did not
take it; he let two years pass, and does not even
now present to the committee the names of half
a dozen witnesses by whose evidence he could
change this result. Why should he notcome up
to the rules of diligence applicable to judicial pro-
ceedings? A courthas always the right to continue
a case upon just and reasonable grounds shown,
and where due diligence appeals to have been
exercised. Does this appear? Does the minority
report show, even now, by the affidavits, half a
dozen, or even five witnesses,by whom this result
could be changed? No, sir, nothing of that sort.
There is nothing specific, but he comes in and
indulges in general statements of a belief that he
could show that he was legally entitled to the
seat.
Then the naked fact is presented that both these
parties had the right to take testimony; that Mr.
Campbell's presence here did not deprive him
of the opportunity to take it; that he fell within
the time prescribed by law, after the time had
elapsed, and after he had given notice to the con-
testant that he should take these depositions. But
he failed to take one of them;anci now he asks
the committee for a continuance of the time to
take the affidavits of men, which, if taken, would
not be likely to change the result.
Mr. STANTON. I have noticed in the printed
report a dozen affidavits in which the names of
persons are given who were illegal voters. I ask
if the Committee of Elections expcct to use these
affidavits as competent evidence in the case ? The
gentleman says that there is no showing where
material testimony can be produced to change
the result. If the committee desire to use it as
competent evidence, it is right; but if it is'not the
intention to use it, further evidence is material.
36
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman will find
by the affidavits that there are but three witnesses
alluded to in them; and asMr.Vallandigham con-
tests with some eighty or ninety on the otherside,
I say that, admitting the truth of these affidavits,
they could not change the result. But I referred
to them only as an illustration. It was Mr. Camp-
bell's duty to have gone on, under that notice,
and taken all the proof he could; should have laid
it before the committee; and then, if the contest-
ing member objected on a technicality, I grant the
argument of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Gilmer] would have applied with full force.
But I say, as the sitting member has been guilty
of neglect, he does not bring himself within the
pale of that sound discretion of this House to
grant leave for extending the time for taking this
proof. You might extend it. Two months of the
session is past; another month of the session is
added; and then what time would be left for the
investigation of these nice and important ques-
tions alluded to by the gentleman from North Car-
olina ? No, Mr. Speaker; we claim that that act
authorized both parties to take proof; that Mr.
Campbell did not avail himself of that right; that
when he went home he gave that construction to
the act, and gave notice to the contestant that
he intended to take this proof; that he failed to do
it; and with affidavits which go to the extent of
changing only three or four votes, he comes with
the sweeping declaration of a belief on his part
that he could change the result. He does not
bring himself within the known legal rights of
judicial procedure applicable to discontinuance.
The gentleman must state not only that he expects
to change the result, but he must give the names
of the witnesses, and his belief of what he expects
to prove by them, before he brings him self within
the rule by which a court exercises a sound dis-
cretion in granting a discontinuance.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to state
to the House some considerations which induce
me to join the minority in desiring the House to
grant an extension of the time for taking the tes-
timony in this case.
The contestant claims that the House should be
governed by the act of ]851. By that act the re-
sult of the election is to be declared by the proper
authorities of the State; and it further provides
that the contestant shall, within a certain specified
time, serve notice upon the party to which the cer-
tificate of election shall be given. Then the party
to whom the certificate shall be awarded is allowed
thirty days in which to make his answer. In this
case the answer of the sitting member to the no-
tice of the contestant was made on the 27 th day
of January, 1857, and within the time allowed
by law. The sixty days for taking the testimony
under the statute would expire on the 28th of
March, 1857. On the 22d of January, five days
before the sitting member had given his answer,
and at a time when it is doubted that the contest-
ant had a right to do so, he. gave notice that he
would take depositions on a certain day at a cer-
tain place; so that he took care to give the first
notice that he might be the first in the field, and
he afterwards gave additional notices.
These notices covered the entire period of sixty
days. The first notice he gave was for taking
depositions on the 7th day of February, at Ham
ikon. That commission, under that notice, was
kept open by adjournments from day to day until
the 13th (lay of March. That was at Hamilton.
The commission was kept open under that notice
and another subsequent notice over the days in-
tervening between February 2 and March 13.
Notice was also given that a commission for the
taking of testimony would open at Dayton on the
2d of March; and that commission, if I mistake
not, was kept open from day to day, the contest-
ant occupying or claiming to occupy all the time,
until the 18th of March. Another notice was given
to the sitting member, before that time expired,
to take testimony at the same place, Dayton, on
the 2d day of March; and the time was occupied
from day to day by the contestant up to the 28th
of March, the very last day upon which testi-
mony could by possibility be taken under-the
law. So that the contestant had taken especial
care to occupy all the time when testimony could
be taken, from the commencement, on the 27th
day of January, to the 28th of March, when, un-
der the law, the right terminated.'
Well, sir, it is manifest, I think, that the un-
derstanding of both the sitting member and the
contestant was that but one party should be taking
testimony at a time. It appears, however, .that
the sitting member was taking testimony eoncur-
rently at Dayton and Hamilton, or, at all evettts,
that the commission was opened m one place,and
opened and adjourned from day to day by the
magistrate in the other, notice being given to the
sitting member to be present in two places at the
same time. So that, while at Dayto.n the magis-
trate was present in the office, and perhaps ad-
journing from day to day, the contestant was
taking testimony at Hamilton.
But I was saying that, from what I have seen
of the case, it appears that both parties acted oa
the supposition that but one party could occupy
the ground at the same time. It is allied inuie
memorial of the sitting member, and is not dis-
puted in the answer of the contestant, (and there-
fore, I suppose, it may be fairly taken to be ad-
mitted,) that when the attorney of the sitting
member served notice upon the contestant to take
depositions, the contestant replied that he had no
right to do so, because his (the contestant's) no-
tice, previously served, covered the residue of the
sixty days, and refused to appear and cross-ex-
amine witnesses. That, then, appears to have
been the understanding of both parties, and per-
haps there was some show of reason for that un-
derstanding; perhaps they had some right to be-
lieve that such was the law; because the best
lawyers on the Committee of Elections did hesi-
tate as to the construction of the law, although in
the end I believe they were unanimously of opin-
ion that the law did not restrict the parties from
taking testimony concurrently. This is the lan-
guage of the law:
" Provided, That neither party shall give notice of taking
testimony in different places at the same time, or without
allowing an interval of at least five days between the close
of taking testimony at one place and its commencement at
another."
,1 think the House will perceive that it is not
very strange that these gentlemen, without per-
haps examining very closely into the law and as-
certaining its purpose, should understand that
while one was occupying the time rightfully,
under his notice, the other had no power to go on
and give notice and occupy the time also. At
any rate, I believe that was the judgment of the
parties at the time; and so understanding, I be-
lieve that it is right, equitable, and just to tho
sitting member that he should have an opportu-
nity to produce testimony here. It is apparent to
me that he has not had that opportunity. He was
here, as we all know, as a member of this House,
during the whole of the last short session which
terminated on the 4th of March. He was chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means—the
most important position upon thisfloor. And,sir,
would he have done right—would he have been
excused by his constituents and the country if he
had deserted his post at that time and run home
to Ohio, neglecting his public duties and the in-
terests of his constituents, for the purpose of
taking testimony in regard to his election to a
future Congress ? No, sir. The minority of the
Committee of Elections do not hold, as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] would
intimate, that additional rights ought to be given
to a member of Congress. Not so. Every case
must stand upon its own merits, and be decided
by the particular circumstances surrounding it.
And I say that in this case, when all tho time al-
lowed the sitting member by the law was during
the session of Congress, when he was here occu-
pying the important post he did. it is only rea-
sonable, it is only honest, it is only just, that the
House should give him additional time to take tes-
timony in the case.
