1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Senator from Arkansas to the amendment;
but I think I shall vote against the whole. If they
shall not be restricted, I am inclined to think fif-
teen dollars will be enough. I am afraid to make
this large increase of price in California. If we
do it, we shall have to increase the prices else-
where, where we have been paying much less. I
understand that in your own region of country,
sir, [Mr. Stuart in the chair,] where there were
difficulties, the highest price paid was six dollars
a mile. Under these circumstances, I shall not
support the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Virginia
will not oppose the amendment. 11 is a mere tem-
porary increase. Of the one hundred and twenty
million acres within the boundaries of the State
of California, there are five or six millions only
covered by private claims. It is a temporary ser-
vice, and will speedily cease. It has been directly
and earnestly recommended by all the officers of
the Government connected with our land system;
and I look upon it as an outrage that this addi-
tional expense should be thrown on the private
land claimants in California. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, we have put them through an ordeal already
of establishing their claims that was never known
before in the history of this Government. They
have had to defend their claims before the courts,
with counsel ata heavy expense, and it has nearly
bankrupted the whole of them; and now to put
on them the additional expense of doing what the
law expressly declares shall be done by the Uni-
ted States, what it is the imperative duty of the
United States to do, seems to me to be a degree
of oppression unparalleled in the history of the
country. They hijve already been nearly bank-
rupted by the continual litigation the Government
has imposed on them. That course was taken
because it was thought best to examine and settle
these titles by the highest tribunals in the coun-
try, and not go through that long process which
has been resorted to in Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Florida, so that, no matter how sharp the rem-
edy, the settlement of the titles should be speedy
and final. The claimants have been put to an ex-
pense that is enormous. As this is temporary, as
it cannot establish any precedent—for tlie surveys
of private land claims in all the other States are
nearly completed, and those in our own State will
very soon be completed—I hope the Senate will
agree to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we shall
have a vote on this question. 1 have offered an
amendment to the amendment, which the Senator
from California is willing to accept; and it meets
the approbation even of those who are opposed
to any increase of price. Let that amendment,
for the sake of guarding the public interest, be
placed on the amendment; and then let the Senate
vote the entire amendment down, or accept it, as
they please.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Vir-
ginia and the Senator from Louisiana must be
satisfied now that the Secretary of the Interior
intends not to allow the deputy surveyors to re-
ceive any compensation from the owners of pri-
vate land claims in California; and the survey-
or's office will be closcd against all applicants. If
the Secretary of the Interior could be induced to
allow the old system to be carried out, I should
have no objection; but I hope the Senate will see
the necessity of not voting this amendment down; \
for the blame, I suppose," will fall on my should- i
ers, that I, the representative of the State, pre- i
vented the Government from paying the expenses
of surveying the private land claims. I wish riot
to be placed in that position.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I see no reason why we
should come to the conclusion that the Secretary
of the Interior will persist in the instructions,
after the Senate, by its debates and votes, shall
show that it disapproves of them.
Mr. GWIN. I have understood that it is by
an official order of the President that this instruc-
tion of the Secretary was issued; and I have no
doubt he will adhere to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can understand very well
that tile President and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior both may have been misled into the belief
that a system like this, which atfirstblush seems
exceptional, might lead to frauds or improper
practices; butupon reflection, it will be seen that
if a deputy surveyor can be induced to give wrong
lines, or to extend piivate surveys, simply on the
ground that he is paid by the private claimant,
nothing is more obvious than that that surveyor
will do the same thing if he is paid wholly by the
Government, provided the privateclaimantis will-
ing to bribe bim, and he is willing to receive the
bribe. It all comes back to that; whether your
deputy surveyor is a man who can be bribed, and
whether the private claimant is a man willing to
bribe him. If the claimant is willing to bribe
him, and he is willing to be bribed, all your De-
partment regulations can do nothing. They are
utterly futile. If, on the contrary, the officers
selected arc such as ought to be selected for a
work of this kind, then the ordinary price will be
paid according to the law as it now stands, and
when an exceptional case arises for extra labor
in the survey, the private claimant, if he is desi-
$pus to have the survey completed immediately,
will pay that extra price. There is no reason
why that should leud to fraud. All the instruc-
tions of the Department, of the President, or of
anybody else, are not going to change this thing.
We know, as practical men, that they may send
a thousand instructions of that kind; but how can
they help themselves? Suppose the Congress of
the United Stales chooses to say it will not pay
more than fifteen dollarsamile for the survey, as
we have said 
Mr. GWIN. I will answer the gentleman.
Then the contract will not be given out; nobody
will take ;t at that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand all this mat-
ter perfectly. We cannot be hoodwinked in this
way. Congress deteimines by law to pay but
fifteen dollars a mile; th'e Department sends out
orders there to give no contracts to surveyors at
more than fifteen dollars a mile, and orders the
deputy surveyors not to receive pay from private
individuals. What effect will that order have?
Is there a solitary man 111 the State who will obey
it> What right has any man to give such orders ?
If the deputy surveyor takes a contract to execute
a survey under the law for the price fixed by the
law, and he has got easy work that he can do at
that pri-e, what power has the Department to tell
him, " Sir, you shall not take a contract from Mr.
Smith provided he agrees to pay you ten dollars
extra because his work is more difficult than other
1 woikyoucan get?" Suppose the Department
docs order him: he will not obey it; and who can
help it? It is one of those regulations that does
not fall within the power of the Department to
make or enforce.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment5
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BRODERICK. I would ask the Senator
from Louisiana whether he believes the surveyor
general will go on and survey this land at fifteen
dollars a mile, if that officer supposes that, by
waiting some four or five months, he call get
twenty-five dollars ? Does he believe the surveyor
general will be anxious to have the work done at
once, for fifteen dollars a mile, when he can re-
ceive twenty-five dollars a mile by waiting a few
months?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I really do not understand
the pertinency of the Senator's question.
Mr. BRODEPJCIv. I will try to put it ill dif-
ferent language.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the question,
but I do not see its bearing on the point.
Mr. BRODERICK. I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that the
Secretary of the Interior says the work cannot be
done for fifteen dollars a mile. My colleague says
the same thing, and that the President of the Uni-
ted States has directed the owners of private land
claims not to pay the deputy surveyors any com-
pensation in addition to that allowed by law, and
paid by the United States. The surveyor general
of the State is anxious to have this money to dis-
burse. If he waits until Congress meets again,
I suppose Congress will allow hirn the twenty-
five dollars. So you might as well vote it now as
vote it next year; because the surveyor general,
I have been assured, will close his office, and the
owners of private land claims in California will
have to wait another year before they can have
their lands surveyed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The point I am at is this:
the Department of the Interior threatens the Sen-
ator and his constituency with closing the office
in California, provided this augmentation is not
granted. How? Because they think the survey-
ing cannot be done for the price a!lowedrand they;
have issued orders prohibiting private claimants,
from eking out the sum to a just compensation ?
Mr. BRODERICK. That is it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But suppose, now, by this
debate and this vote, the Senate refuses to increase
the price, and indicates its approbation of the sys-
tem that has heretofore existed: what right then
will the Department of the Interior have to carry
out a system on its own theories of what is right
and proper, in contradiction to the wishes of the
legislative department of the Government? That
is the point.
Mr. GWIN. The Secretary of the Interior
has not threatened to close the surveyor gene-
ral's office. He has made no such threat. The
surveyor general of California is not interested
at all in the disbursement of the $100,000 pro-
posed to be appropriated. The mere question is,
whether or not he will expend it on surveying
public lands at the present rates, or whether he
will spend it on what is more important and more
vital to the best interests of the people of Cali-
fornia, at this juncture, in separating the private
land claims from the public lands? It is a ques-
tion with which the surveyor general has noth-
ing in the world to do; it is a matter in which he
takes no interest, directly or indirectly, other than
giving out the contracts; because, if this $100,000
be not disbursed in surveying private land claims,
for the reason that he cannot get deputy survey-
ors to take contracts to survey private land claims
at the present rates, and can get them to survey
public lands, then the money will be disbursed in
surveying public lands where there is no conflict
with private land claims. The Secretary of the
Interior never intimated that he would close the
surveyor general's office. It will go on precisely
as before; but if this amendment does not pass,
the character of the woilt will be different, and
will not be so beneficial to the people of the State.
Mr. BRODERICK. f do not know that the
Secretary of the Inteiior has threatened that this
office will be closed; but iriy colleague stated here,
a few minutes since, that it would be closed
against the owners of private land claims, or at
least that the work could not be performed for
this amount of pay.
i Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me:
j I said that was the opinion of the officers con-
nected with the subject.
| Mr. BRODERICK. That is what I fear; if it
' was not for that, I should vote against this in-
| crease. But the power that has been brought to
I bear within the last twenty-four hours has satis-
fied me that no surveys will be made this year,
unless Congress votes the te'n dollars additional.
If I could be satisfied that the land in California
could be surveyed for fifteen dollars a mile, I as-
sure the Senate I would not urge the additional
ten dollars; but the Secretary of the Interior says
the woik cannot be done for fifteen dollars, and I
am satisfied that lie knows more about this work
than I do, and I am willing to vote the additional
ten dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a subject in which I
I have no special interest, other than as a Senator
I on this floor, but it does seem to me to bear a very
singular aspect. I have every disposition to defer
to the opinions of the heads of Departments, and
to the head of the Interior Department, of whom
I have a very high opinion. I know nothing of
the surveyor general of California. I respect the
feelings of the Senators from California on this
floor, and I desire that their constituents shall have
every possible advantage which legislation can
fairly give them; but I am not prepared to vote
for this appropriation. I believe it is only the
trifling sum of $100,000, and it is premised that it
will close up one avenue to corruption and to bri-
bery that otherwise would exist with the subor-
[ dinate surveyors. I have no idea of making men
1 honest by legislation, or by bonusesgiven to them
' for the purpose of keeping them honest; you can-
I not do it. If you undertake to feed cupidity, and
| to minister to ivanco, you will not make a man
I honest, for the more he gets the more he wants;
I and I am clearly of opinion that the sum now
! given to these deputy surveyors i% amply suffi-
> cient to dcfiay the expense and render them a
1 recompense for their service. If it is announced
j that the surveyors in California receive fifteen dol-
I lars a mile, you will find the surveyors ill this
