1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
session of the States and Territories on the Pa-
cific, it can scarcely be done for four or five times
the cost which this Government would have to
expend in the construction of this road. I mean,
that the annual interest which would have to be
paid on any debt this Government might incur
for such purposes, would be several times greater
than the interest on the advances proposed to be
made by the Government to aid in the construc-.
tion of this road.
Fearing, lest if the bill should now be post-
poned, and placed beyond the power of the Sen-
ate during the rest of the session, it might be sup-
posed, from my silence, that I had changed my
former opinions, I rose simply for the purpose of
stating that I adhere to them. I think the bill is
a great measure of public policy in connection
with the discharge of the duties of this Govern-
ment in the protection of an interior frontier,
■which is both a western and an eastern frontier,
and in connection with other great questions con-
cerning the progress of this country, its advance
in wealth-? power, and trade. I desired to add a
further remark or two in reference to this partic-
ular bill. I*do not concur in the idea thatits pro-
visions are particularly fair in reference to the dif-
ferent sections of the Union. I am aware the
representatives of any.particular locality can hard-
ly have the eastern terminus of such a road as
this at a point which would be most promotive of
their immediate interests; but, in my advocacy of
this road, I go upon the great catholic idea, as I
hope that its benefits will redound to every sec-
tion of the Union, wherever its eastern terminus
may be, or wherever the western terminus may
be,provided'it be on the Pacific ocean, still, I think
it is the duty of members hero, so far as it can be
effected by appeals to the judgment, the reason,
the equity, and the justice of the representatives
of other sections, to have it located m such man-
ner as to diffuse its benefits as widely as possi-
ble, and equalize them as far as possible. I think
that fixing the eastern terminus at a point between
Sioux City and the mouth of the Kansas, in the
mode provided in this bill, does not do justice to
the southwestern range of States and Territories.
I am not sure that it is altogether just to the mid-
dle section; but it is more just to them than to the
South and Southwest. It is a very large depar-
ture from a medium line. If the terminus should
be upon a line with St. Louis or Cairo, it would
offer greater equality, both to the North and the
South than probably any other point which might
be indicated, and I do not see any insuperable ob-
jection to the location of the eastern terminusupon
that line of latitude, whatever route may finally
be adopted in passing the Sierra Nevada. I trust
that,in the further discussion of this bill, it can be
shown, to the satisfaction of many gentlemen not
satisfied with the location proposed in the bill,
that an intermediate line may be selected.
If I had time, I should like to bring to the no-
tice of the Senate a few views as to the practica-
bility of the scheme; for that seems to be the great
difficulty, the insurmountable barrier in the minds
of many gentlemen. I understand that a road is
being constructed through Texas, for which that
State has granted a large amount of public lands;
and a connection from the terminus of that road
to the Pacific would perhaps be attended with
the least expense to the Government, and its con-
struction would answer all great national pur-
poses; for, I repeat, wherever you locate the ter-
minus, the western frontier and all the Atlantic
States will receive some portion of the benefit.
Of course, that section which has the terminus
located within its own limits would have greater
facilities, but the advantages would redound from
the extreme north to the extreme south, and you
could not prevent it.
But again, sir, the shortest route undoubtedly
lies on the parallel of 35° north latitude. Any
gentleman whq will look into the information
that has been spread before the country by the
various explorations of our skillful officers, under
the direction and authority of Congress, and will
concentrate and digest the various reports, will
find that that offers the shortest route, at all
events, and, in my judgment, on the whole, the
most practicable. On that route there is not more
than seventeen hundred miles from our western
border to where you strike the Pacific coast,
at the lower part of California, at San Pedro or
Los Angeles, from whence to San Francisco a
practical route exists, as we all know, on which a j
road could be constructed by the4authority of the |
State of California, with our aid in land. I desire I
to offer an amendment to this bill, with reference \
to this route, to test the sense of the Senate upon I
it. I trust that I shall have an opportunity to do \
so. i
Why should we postpone the bill until next j
December, and thus remove this question from i
us? It is said we have not time to consider it now. j
As the honorable Senator from Illinois has well |
asked, when shall we have more "time to discuss ,
and consider this question than we have now? I
We have bound ourselves by a voluntary vote of
restriction; but that can be rescinded, if it is our
pleasure to extend the time of the session, with a
view to discuss, consider, and dispose of-a great
measure of this kind. I do not mean to enlarge
on its importance, but I think it is of public im-
portance and public utility that such a question
as this should be discussed here. We want to
lay additional information before the country. To
be sure, a great deal has been gleaned by these
various explorations, and their reports have been
printed; but this is the center, from which prac-
tical, effective information reaches the country.
It is through the debates of Congress. If we could
only discuss this question some seven or eight
days, or even three or four days, more than it has
already been discussed, it would be of some im-
portance. It is of importance to keep the question
alive before the people of the country, according
to my view.
We have as much time now as we are ever
likely to have. I do not know what may be.the
motives of gentlemen in favoring a postpone-
ment. The honorable Senator from Illinois sug-
gests that it is to He over until another presiden-
tial contest. I hope that is not meditated. I know
it is said that the Treasury is now in such a state
that a measure of this kind should not be contem-
plated; but the fact is, that the bill does not pro-
pose to appropriate a cent of money from the
Treasury. We can incur an expense of twenty
or thirty, or it may be of forty million dollars, by
an Executive internal war, undertaken without
the authority or consent of Congress; but we are
reminded ofthe exhausted condition of the Treas-
ury when it is only proposed that, after the lapse
of two or three years, bonds shall be issued ac-
cording to the progress of the construction of the
road, which bonds are to be refunded in service
for the Government. I think there is really
nothing of substance in the objection as to the
present condition of the Treasury, unless we are
to suppose that the trade and commerce and busi- .
ness enterprises of the country are never to re- '
vive from the severity of the late revulsion.
Other subjects have engrossed the attention of
both Houses of Congress to such an extent that
this has been excluded from our minds, and has
not occupied that space to which its magnitude
entitles it; but have w$ no hope that within a very
short period we shall" be relieved from the pres-
sure of other questions that are more pressing, if
not more important than the present? I trust
there is such a hope. 1 trust that within a very
short time we shall have a termination of that !
difficulty which has stood in the way of all prac-
tical legislation.
I say then, Mr. President, there is nothing in
the argument drawn from the depressed condition j
of the Treasury, nor is there anything in the ar- '
guinent that we shall have more leisure at the next
session. If we shall not be pressed then (as I hope
we shall not be) by the same question which has ■
so exclusively engaged our attention at the pres-
ent session, there are always enough matters to
occupy a short session. Perhaps the condition
of the Treasury may require almost our exclusive
attention at the next session. I do not hear gen-
tlemen intimate that they desire to occupy the
remainder of this session with the discussion of
some great financial measure, to relieve perma- j
nently the wants ofthe Treasury; but all the in- j
formation I have from gentlemen who ought to j
know better than I do the views of the Govern- i
ment and the majority here, satisfies me that they
do not propose to give any serious attention to ;
that subject at this session. That must be post- ;
poned to the next session. # I
But, Mr. President, I shall not detain the Sen- ;
ate longer. I have said more than I intended to !
say when I arose. My objectmerely was to have J
it understood that I have not changed ray posi-
tion in relation to this measure.. I t|iink'there is
nothing in the arguments which have bee.n urged-
in favor of its postponement, and I shall vote
against that motion. . - , ; .
Mr. KING. If tbis1>ill were presented forits
final passage, in the form in which the committee
have reported it, I think I should vote against,it;
but I am not prepared, by a vote to postpone the
bill, to indicate an opinion decidedly against the
construction of such a road. We must have .a
road connecting the Pacific and the AtlanticStates,
and in some way it must bo constructed. I regard
the propriety of the Federal Government inter-
fering with it as a matter allowing of some doubt,
and yet still I know of no other mode in which
such a road can be constructed but by the ren-
dition of some aid to it by the Federal Govern-
ment.'
There is one feature in this bill to which 1 ob-
ject, and that is the large appropriation of public
lands for the proposed road. I am opposed to the
great monopoly of landed interest which the im-
mense grants to railroads have produced in this
country. I have voted against them heretofore,.
and I am favorable to the bill which has been in-
troduced by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] and by other Senators, to give home-
steads to actual settlers. I think that is about the
best disposition we can make ofthe public lands.
I should have preferred, if we could have done
so, to have retained the public lands for sale under
the established land system of the country; but
I am satisfied that cannot be done much longer;
and without designing to indicate any opinion—
indeed, with the intention of reserving an opinion
as to the propriety of voting for any Pacific rail-
road bill which may be presented at this session—
I shall vote against the indefinite postponement,
because I am not willing to give it the go-by in
that way.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have been requested by
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Jones] to state that
he has paired off with the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Brown, Clark,
Clay, OoJJamer, Dixon, Evan's, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek,
Ilale, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Pearce, Sebas-
tian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and Wilson
—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigler, Bright, Broderick,
Chandler, Doolittle, Douglas, Fitch, Foot, Giecn, Gwin,
Henderson, Kennedy, King;,Polk, Pugh, Seward, Simmons,
Stuart, Trumbull, and Wright—22.
So the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until the first Monday of December next.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
The Senate adjotirned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 17, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, jm. Prayer
by Rev. George W. Coombs.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order on private business from the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution calling for information neces-
sary to a proper understanding of a bill of a pri-
vate nature.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, let us allow the com-
mittees to report private bills.
Mr. REAGAN. I have a bill of which previous
notice has been given, which I desire to introduce
for reference only.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to anything
out of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon applications
made to me I withdraw the motion to go into com-
mittee.
Mr. DAVTDSON. I renew it.
Mr, WALBRIDGE. All the committees have
private bills to report, and I hope an hour will be
devoted to that purpose.
Mr. DAVIDSON withdrew his motion.
