562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Sir, 1 do not believe in the binding authority of
the law of 1851" upon this House in all cases. 1
believe, sir, that it is directory, and notabsolutely
binding. I do not believe that the Senate of the
United Sj&tes, in conjunction with the House of
Representatives in one Congress, can make a law
"which is to bind future Houses of Representa-
tives* Not so. By the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, each House is made the judge of the
returns, qualifications, and elections of its own
members, and each House can and must judge
for itself upon those questions. The law of Con-
gress of 1851 is nothing but the advice or sugges-
tion of reasonable and intelligent and just men,
as to the proper course to be taken—advice given
when no particular case was before them, and
which .may be presumed to be good and sound
advice and counsel in reference to the matter. It
is nothing more. The law is not binding upon
us; and if in any case it is oppressive, and there
ia reason for stepping outside of it, I hold that we
have a right toao it. I hold that the law was in-
tended to be a shield and not a sword. It was
intended to say to gentlemen claiming seats here,
that at a certain time and in a certain way they
might take testimony, which should be received;
but not to say that a member or his constituency
should lose their rights upon this floor through
any neglect, or inadvertence, or misinformation.
No, sir; I will not consent to admit any gentle-
man claiming a seat upon this floor unless I be-
lieve that he has a right to it; that he has been
elected; that he was the choice of a majority of
the people voting in the district. I am willing to
look beyond forms and technicalities, and to as-
certain the sense of the people, and who has been
rightfully and truly elected and will represent the
people.
Now, I think I have shown, Mr. Speaker, by
recital of the essential facts in this case, that we
cannot act intelligently, that we cannot decide
upon this case as we ought to do, unless we give
to the sitting member an opportunity to go home
and take further testimony. Let it not be said
that he has been guilty of laches in tins case. The
memorial of the contestant was filed here on the
16th of December, and before it could be printed
and action had upon it, the House adjourned
till the 4th of January, immediately afterwards
the committee heard one of tin; parlies in the ab-
sence of the other, such was the anxiety of the
contestant that the case should go on, and that a
report should be brought m here. Suppose, sir,
the granting of this privilege to the sitting mem-
ber involves a deiay of a fortnight, or a month, or
even two months; it is more important that we
should know who was really elected, and who
is entitled to the scat, than that we should decide
the question to-day, to-moirow, or at any given
tune. The question is, who ought to have the
scat? Who has been chosen ? And 1 think that
the complaint of laches, on the part of the sitting
member, does not come with the best possible
grace from a gentleman who refused the appli-
cation of the sitting member, last April, to go on
and take the testimony by mutual agreement, and
bring it here, so that the matter might be decided
as early as tiie House could be brought to a vote
upon it.
I disagree with the gentleman fiom Kentucky
as to the eflect of the letter of the sitting member.
.Let me read it, sn\ The sitting member, referring
to the law of 1851, says:
^c< There is, >ou arc doubttes-i aware, a flange m the net of
Confess prt^enbing the mode of obtaining evidence m ca-.es
of con tested election-* whieh provides tiiat no testimony *hall
bo taken alter the expiration ot day,-. 1'iom the day on
which the Uiivwei ol {he latumed member bhull be served
upon the contestant. I understand, hmvevet, that the ptac-
tice of Congress. under ilie act ha« been io regard thi-^ pio~
vision dh et lot y nnl> ; and to receive and eon-adet testimony
taken after tile time limited whenevei a ju^t determination
ot the content seemed to require it.
"Desirous that ail the material facts sdiai! be faiily pre-
sented before Congress, 1 deem it proper to advise you, that
1 will iiereafter proceed to take te>umony in the ease, (of
which due notice aecui ding to law will be given you,) and to
suggest my entire willingness to enter into a mutual agree-
ment with you to waive any technical objection winch might
be made on the point of time m the taking of testimony on
either s>ide. I jrrvpoie, therefore, a mutual agreement to that
ejfect. This would give to both of us, and our fnends, a fair
opportunity to present ali the facts bearing upon the issue,
and tend to prevent delay in the final decision of the matter,
Wia as !nci'easJt'd expense to the Government winch
would result from a necessity to take testimony after the
meeting of Congress."
The object of this letter was to have that mu-
tual agreement to go on and take testimony. The
sitting member, if he was actuated by the motive
intimated by thegentlemanfrom Kentucky, would
have gone on, served his notices, and said nothing
at all about them. But, in the spirit of kindness,
in the spirit of fairness, in the proper spirit, he
addresses a letter to the contestant, notifying him
that he desired to take testimony, and asking him
to concur in some mutual agreement by which
they could proceed at once to take testimony, and
lay it before the House at the commencement of
thesession. What reply did the contestant make
to that? He denied that the act is directory,and
" Dy the statute the period for taking testimony is ex-
pressly limited to ( sixty days' from the service of the an-
swer. You were in Congress when the act passed, and are
presumed to know that you were equally bound with my-
self to close the testimony within that period.
u The ' practice' you allege of taking testimony after the
sixty days, notwithstanding the statute, cannot be very in-
veterate, since the act was not passed till March, 1851; nor
do I think that at so early a day, practice will prevail against
the express woids of the statute, which declares that 1 no
testimony shall be taken.'
" As to* your notion that this language is ' director] only,'
I have to say thatf can well understand how m affirm/dive
provision in a >tatute may sometimes, under stress of judi-
cial pressure, beheld 'directory,5 and non-compliance ex-
cused ; but 1 have yet to learn how a provision expressly
negative, was ever or can be in like manner mterpieted.
' Thou shalt not steal,' is, 1 take it, stuctly prohibitory.
"Your intimation, therefore, that you mean to proceed
with your testimony in *.pite of the statute,21 ve^me no con-
cern. You can suit yom pleasuie and convenience in that
respect. I beg to assmo you that it will m nowise incom-
mode or cause me expense."
I submit to the candor and intelligence of this
House that that was a fair and just proposition,
and one to which the contestant ought to have
yielded, if lie only desired to have the case fairly
and fully investigated on the merits. Thecontest-
ant, however, did not yield his assent; and, there-
fore, I say that it does not seem very becoming in
him or his friends on this floor to try and prevent
any further opportunity being given to procure
testimony, on the ground that it would operate to
postpone the matter till a later period in the ses-
sion. He rni^ht have prevented the necessity for
it himself. Me might have prevented it when both
he and the sitting member were at home, and
when both might have taken whatever testimony
they required, and brought it here.
I understand, sir, that there is sufficient m the
application of the sitting member here for further
time, to justify the House 111 granting that time.
It is said that some sixty or seventy votes have
been controverted by the contestant, and a sim-
ilar number by the sitting member. Due how many
of these votes, which the contestant challenges,
will the House say are bad, and how many 011
the other side, which the sitting member chal-
lenges, will the House say are good ? Who knows
but that this very contioversy may be brought !
within the range of the votes alluded to by "the '
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] or
of the testimony referred to by the sitting mem- i
bcr in his memorial? Who is authorized to statu 1
here that the judgment of the House cannot pos-
sibly be alfected by the votes named by the sitting
member, or by the testimony in refeience to the
other votes, many in number, refcired to?
Are we to be told here that we are bound by
any narrow, illiberal practice ? No, sir. Wo have
a right, and it is our duty, to give to these par-
ties reasonable opportunity, under all the circum-
staucos, as they appear to us, to take testimony.
We arc not bound hand and foot by this statute.
We are bound to do right. We are bound to be
just. We are bound, if we believe there is any-
thing in the case on which the parties should be
allowed to present additional testimony, to afford
them that oppoitunity; and 1 have no doubt—I
can have no doubt—when the House comes to
read the facts and understand the reasons assigned
by the sitting member, that the House will very
cheerfully yield him the time asked, and allow
him -to open the testimony on which they can
give judgment in this case which will be satisfac-
tory to themselves.
Mr. BOYCS. Mr. Speaker, the law and the
facts, so far as they are material to the determin-
ation of this application for an extension of time
for taking testimony, He in a narrow compass.
By the act of 1851, regulating contested elections, j
sixty days are allowed for the taking of testimony, j
These sixty days begin to run from the day that j
the answer of the sitting member is returned to I
the notice of contest. During the sixty days each
party may examine as many witnesses as he"
chooses. The only limitation upon the parties,
in reference to taking testimony, is, that no one
of the parties shall take testimony at different
places at the same time. With this limitation each
party may consume the whole of the sixty days
in taking testimony. Practically, the act permits
one hundred and twenty days to be spent in taking
testimony. The law presumes that this length
of time will be sufficient, and, therefore, limits the
taking of testimony to this period; but to pro-
vide for any exceptionabfe case, the power is re-
served to this House to extend the time of taking
testimony. The discretion reserved to the House
is not an arbitrary discretion, but a reasonable
discretion to be exercised under proper safeguards.
The rule which I would lay down upon this point
is this: that a party should not be entitled to an
extension of time unless, after due diligence upon
his own part, he is unable to take his testimony.
But whenever, by due diligence, a party could
examine his witnesses, but fails to do so, no ex-
tension of time should be made. Such are the
general principles of law governing this case.
The facts are substantially as follows: the elec-
tion, under which Mr. Campbell claims his seat,
took place Ocftober 14, 1856, more than fifteen
months ago. The answer of the sitting member
was received by the contestant on the 27th of Jan-
uary, 1857, and consequently the sixty days lim-
ited by law for taking depositions expired on the
28th of March, 1857. Mr. Campbell was a mem-
ber of the last Congress, and occupied the posi-
tion of chairman of the Committee of Ways arid
Means. The contestant commenced taking testi-
mony on the 2d of February and continued so
doing, according to his own statement, for fifty-
five days. The sitting member also took deposi-
tions from the 17th of March for some eight or ten
days.
Under this state of facts the sitting member,
applies, January 22, 1858, for the privilege of
taking further evidence. I may remark here, that
I do not think he has moved in this matter as
promptly as he should have done; but I pass this
by/
The main grounds upon which the sitting mem-
ber makes his application for further time to take
testimony are as follows:
1. That having been a member of the last Con-
gress, he was unable to be present at the examin-
ation of witnesses until after the 4th of March.
2. That the contestant occupied, or gave notice
that he would occupy, the sixty days in examin-
ing his witnesses, thus debarring the sitting mem-
ber from taking testimony.
in reference to the first ground. It is sufficient,
it seems to me, to reply that there is no necessity
for the personal attendance of the parties claiming
the seat, as the law provides for their attendance
by their agents. The matters to be proved do not
he peculiarly in the knowledgeof the parties them-
selves, and the examination of witnesses can just
as well be conducted by their agents as them-
selves. The important matter is the preparation
of the case before the examination of the wit-
nesses. This the sitting member might have done
from October, when he knew his seat would be
contested, until ho left for Washington in Decem-
ber. This he neglected to do. It may further be
insisted that the law having made no special ex-
ception in the ca«;o where the sitting member was
in attendance on the session of the House, though,
from the periods at which the elections take place
in many of the" States, nothing could be more
probable than the occurrence of such a case, it
intended such a case as tins to take the ordinary
course. A strong objection to the extension of
time on this ground arises from the fact that the
sitting member is now a member, and could not
now be personally in attendance on the examin-
ation of the witnesses.
In regard to the second ground. The evident
meaning of the act of 1851 is, that any one of the
parties shall not examine witnesses at the same
time at different places. But the law does not pre-
vent either party from examining his witnesses,
because the other party is examining his witnesses
at the same time. It was perfectly competent for
Mr. Campbell to examine his witnesses for the
whole period of the sixty days; that he did not do
so is his own fault. That he knew that he could
do so, is evident from the fact that he did examine
