1648
THE? GONOBESSIONAL -GLOBm
April 17.
JAMES B. STEADMAN. . .
M*. J- GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report back a me-
morial referred- by mistake to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 am sorry to interrupt
the gentleman, but I have called for the regular,
order of business, and I want to treat all gentle-
men alike.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is a matter which
requires prompt action, and which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means by mis-
take.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw my objection.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the memorial
of James C. Steadman, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 167) for the relief of the owners
. of the bark Attica, of Portland, Maine; and
An act (S. No. 51) to authorize a register to be
issued to the steamer Fearless.
When the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hxckf.t, their Chief Cleric, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
fojiowing titles:
An act (S. No. 197) providing for the arrest and
return of fugitives from justice to the District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 78) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to issue land warrants to Joseph
Chase, James Young, and Alexander Keef;
An act (S. No. 101) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J.P.J. O'Brien,
late of the United State# Navy;
An act (S. No. 102) for the relief of Thomas
Phcetlix, Jr.;
An act (S. No. 118) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel A. House;
An act (S. No. 127) to repeal the fifth section
of an act entitled " An act to authorize the regis-
ter, or enrollment and license, to be issued in the
name of the president or secretary of any incor-
porated company owning a steamboat or vessel,"'
approved March 3, 1825;
An act (S. No. 129) to provide for the final
settlement of the land claim of the heirs of Jehu
Underwood in Florida;
An act (S. No. 152) to incorporate the Wash-
ington National Monumeftt Society;
An act (S. No. 160) for the relief of Thomas
J. Page;
An act (S. No. 247) to amend an act entitled
" An act foi enrolling and licensing ships or ves-
sels to be employed ill the coasting trade and fish-
eries, and for regulating the same," passed Feb-
ruary j 8, 1793;
In which ho was requested to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
COMMITTEES DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. DOWDELL, it was
(Jrilerc'l, Tlmt the Committee of ;ui<I he
di^hatged from the l'uithei eoiwuh'ra'ioti ot the memorial
of M. B Join'-, hire collector of customs at Wilmjnjrton,
North Carolina, and of the petition of David G. Hitmen, and
thai the smic he iclcucd, the lii>t to the Committee of
Claim*, and the second to the Committee on Military AlTaiks.
On motion of Mr. COMINS, it was
Ordcicth Thru tho Comtmtr-e on Commerce he dis-
cltamed tsom tho furthei coi><idci.mo)) ot the petition of
Ludlow Frank tin and others, of Cloucr-ler, Massachusetts,
and that the same be laid upon the table.
TOWNSHIP LANDS IN INDIANA.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, frojn tho Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
congressional township No. 27 north, of ran*e
six east, m Wabash county, 111 the State of In-
diana; which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the auditor of the county of ;
Wabash to enter, in his own official name, five hun- >
tired and fifty-seven and ninety-one hundredths i
acres in legal sub-divisions of any lands of the j
United States, subject to private entry at the min- '
limim pi ice of §1 25 per acre for the benefit of said 1
township, in heu of a deficit in the quantity of]
school lands belonging to said township. t .
.Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to have this
bill put upon its passage, and I ask for the read-
ing of the report of the committee, and move the
previous question.
The report was read.
Mr. DAVIS,of Indiana. 1 desire to say afew
words in relation to this bill. I will take up only
a few minutes of the time of the House, as there
cannot be any objection to the bill. It appears,
by the petition ana by the evidence before the com-
mittee, that section sixteen, of township No. 27,
north of range six east, in Wabash county, In-
diana, was deficient in quantity to the extent of
five hundred and fifty-seven anS ninety-one hun-
dredths acres, on account of Indian locations or res-
ervations. By an act of Congress, of 1826, each
congressional township is authorized to make up
any deficiency covered by Indian reseryations or
locations, or otherwise. They are confined; how-
ever, to the land districts to make their selections
to supply deficiencies. In this case, on two sev-
eral occasions, these selections were made by the
proper authorities of the county of Wabash. They
were sent to the Secretary of the Interior, and
were set aside by him, because these selections
were covered by locations of the Wabash and
Ene Canal, or by private claims. Now, there are
but one hundred and five acres of public land
within that district, and they are totally worth-
less, consisting of islands of four and five acres
each.
Now, sir, this bill authorizes this qongressional
township, to the extent of five hundred and fifty-
seven acres, to be located upon any lands of the
United States, subject to private entry at Uie min-
imum price of §1 25 per acre, for the purpose of
supplying this deficiency. It is asked upon the
ground that there are no lands within that land
district worth anything.
Mr. BURNETT. Will it be in order to move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. Itshould be done. Neither
the bili nor report has been printed, and we are
required to vote upon it without knowing anything
about it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third lime,and being engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS,of Indiana, demanded the previous
question upon tho passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
one inquiry of the gentleman from Indiana. Does
this bill authorize that township to be located on
land m some other part of the country, outside
of that district?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Is this de-
bate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BURNETT. That is the provision of the
bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object to
it. There is no precedent for it; and I call the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. DAViS, of Indiana. The gentleman says
there is no precedent. I say there is a precedent.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid upon the table.
;j The motion was not agreed to.
11 The previous question was then seconded,and
|j tho main question ordered to be put; and, under
ji the operation thereof, the bill was passed.
i[ Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. WALBRIDGE, it was
Oidererf, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the ftnther consideration of the following pe-
titions, and that the same be referred to the Committee of
Claims:
The petition of Charles James Lawrence, asking compen-
sation for clerk hire and olftce rent;
The petition of E Yulce, asking compensation for extra
clerk lurtj in the land olliee at Olympta ; and
The petition of John Biddleand Jonathan Kearsley, prav-
Imj certain allowances to reimbutse them for moneys paid
for services of clerics in the land office at Detroit, m the
years 1834, and 133G.
PAY TO CERTAIN CLERKS IN OREGON.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
169) making an appropriation for the payment of
clerks employed in the offices of the registers of
thelatid offices in Oregon City and Winchester, in
the Territory of Oregon; and moved that the game
be referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONJ2S, of Tennessee. I judge, from hear-
ing the title of that bill, that it is a general and not
a private bill.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The bill provides for the
payment of clerks already employed, and who
have already rendered services. It is a private
claim.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think .it is a gen-
eral bill. There is no law for their employment;
and if they were employed, they were employed
on the responsibility of the registers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
anything-about it. «
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is a law
for it, there would be an estimate made by the
Department to pay them. *
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand how the
Committee on Public Lands obtained possession
of that matter. I should like to know if that sub-
ject-matter was referred to them.
The SPEAKER. The bill itself was referred
to them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I suppose there is no law authorizing
the employment of those clerks, or their payment.
The officers of the land office have taken the re-
sponsibility, and nowthey come here and ask for
the paymen t of liabilities which they pretend they
hatve incurred.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to say that the
business at the land office in Oregon absolutely
required an additional clerical force. A law was
passed in regard to the disposition of lands in that
Territory, and that law made it indispensably ne-
cessary, for the discharge of the duties of the land
office there, that clerks should be hired, and they
were hired. The persons who were employed
have not received any pay, and they now come to
Congress and ask that pay shall be given themi
It is the opinion of the local land office, of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and of
the Secretary of the Interior, that they should be
paid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I hope this bill will
be informally passed over until the Delegate from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] comes in; for, as I under-
stand, he takes a great interest in this question,
and has a word to say on it.
The question was taken on the motion that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whoh: on
the state of the Union, and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and the bill and report were
ordered to be printed.
ISAAC BOWDV AND SAMUEL FLEMING.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back a bill for the relief
of Isaac Bowdy and Samuel Fleming, and moved
that it be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and tho bill and report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that the bill will be
j put on its passage.
j Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have no objection, as
j I believe that the case is clearly right.
: Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope not, but that the
i House will go on with the call on committees for
> reports. If we go on as we have, we will con-
sume the morning hour with these little bills.
The bill was read thiough. It authorizes the
parties named to enter quarter sections of land m
the Springfield, Illinois, land district.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 hope that my friend from
Michigan will withdraw his motion that the bill
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and let the bill be put'on its passage.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The bill was introduced
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loieioy.]
It affects the interest of uvo of his constituents,
