2 T2
. THE CONGRESSIONAL. OLOBE.
June S.
country, who are receiving two and three, and
some less than two dollars a mile, going to Cali-
fornia, and there will be a demand for work there
that will reduce their wages, and they will be very
glad to obtain employmant "at a more reasonable
price than fifteen dollars. If individuals choose to
contribute, byway of inducement to the execution
of work in which they are interested, a douceur to
those gentlemen, I am sure that no legal prohibi-
tion you can make will be sufficient to prevent
them from receiving it.
There is another feature in this matter that I
condemn*, and it is the placing at the discretion
of the officer a sum of money which he is to ap-
propriate and disburse according to his mere will
and choice. He will necessarily, in the multitude
of deputy surveyors that he will have around him,
have some favorites. They will have assigned to
them the most pleasing and agreeable portions of
the country, and they will be enabled thereby to
accomplish a greater amount of work and receive
a much larger bonus than others, awd he will pay
them, under a pretext of their having done more
work than others, a greater sum than is due them
when you compare their labor with that of others.
.It affords an opportunity for discrimination and
partiality that 1 think is unfavorable to the ends
of justice, and the accomplishment of labor for
the public. Thus it is that I am clearly of opinion,
so far as these two points are concerned, that there
is no just demand for this appropriation; and if,
at the distance California is off, money would be
an inducement to (hem to do wrong in designat-
ingand defining the boundaries of private claims,
what guarantee is there that the same inducement
might not operate on the surVeyor general ? Here
is an inducement of $100,000. If he were to dis-
burse one half of it he would have a handsome
residuum left; and I cannot but think that, if he is
honest now, the best way is to keep this money
out of his hands. 1 have no idea that we are to
abstain from an act of inhibition on our part in
regard to this appropriation, because we are threat-
ened that the office will b& closed. There is a rem-
edy for that. Dismiss the officer, and say, " if
you have not the competency to do this labor and
to execute this work, I will place one there who
will do it." Then you get your work done; but
to menace Congress, and tell the Senate 
Mr. GWIN. Who made that threat ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is done by the Department.
I do not chargu the Senator with it.
i\Ir. GWIN. It has never been done by any-
body.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did not the gentleman say
that the office would be closed ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; 1 said no such thing.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understood the Senator that
the office would be closed; and the junior Senator
from California stated that he did not wish to
have the responsibility on him of having closed
the office. How are the offices to be closed, I
would ask the Senator fiom California?
Mr. BRODERICK. I will try to inform the
Senator from Texas. The surveyor general says
that the work cannot be done for fifteen dollars a
mile, and he will turn every man away from his
office who applies to have his Kind surveyed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would have the office for
rent, or he should go on. If he turned them away,
I would turn him away- There is a remedy at
hand, if he chooses to do this, and hold the whole
Congress and the legislation of the nation in check.
Does he hold them by intimations of this sort?
Mr. ^RODERICK. He does; and the law
gives him that power. He has absolute power.
Mr. GWIN. Let me tell the Senator from
Texas that the surveyor general has nothing to
do with it. If he cannot g>n the deputy surveyors
to do it for this sum, that is the end of it. The
point is, what is the amount he can get the work
done for? If he cannot get it done for the present
price, if no deputy surveyors will do ir. for that,
then he will disbuise the money for public sur-
veys, and the office will go on as heretofore. The
question is, whether or not he can get contracts
for surveying private land claims at this price?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes. This year they will
exhaust this $100,000; and next year, unless they
get half a million, they will strike for higher
wages! That is it. You are holding out induce-
ments to them to extort from the Government. I
am for giving them a fair and just recompense; but
^1 am not for cringing to their demands, but meet-
ing them with the just rebuke of removing.the of-
ficer in whose hands the control remains; for yoti
need nottell me thatsurveyingcannot be obtained,
/md plenty of it, in California, or in any other part
of this continent, for fifteen dollars per mile. It
is an extravagance that has not heretofore been
heard of. If they are receiving fifteen dollars a.
mile, is their labor more assiduous, more toilsome,
and lahorious than that of the mechanics who can
be obtained for four dollars and a half? If their
science is greater, if they have had to devote more
hours to study and to application to obtain a sci-
entific preeminence to enable them to be survey-
ors, you give them two or three hundred percent,
on their attainments. I cannot believe that this
is just or fair, or that the Government is bound to
succumb to it and let the surveying stop. It is a
singular idea that individuals must not be em-
ployed by those who are interested in the lands.
If I wish lands surveyed in Texas, I go and em-
ploy the surveyor myself, and pay him. Is there
any law prohibiting that? No; but the law says
what his wages may be; and if I choose to give
him a douceur of five or ten dollais, to hurry on
with the woik, anticipating the necessity of hav-
ing mine accomplished by a certain time1,can the
Government prohibit me? Is not that a private
transaction between us? That is the burden of
complaint on this occasion, that the surveyors
have received perquisites from private land claim-
ants. I have no idea of attempting to prohibit it.
It is mockery. How will you restrain the pri-
vate transactions between man and man? You
cannot do it. You may give them #100,000, and
that will not restrain them; and all your legal pro-
hibitions that you may attempt to impose here,
by starting amendments, will* be mere cobwebs,
mere mists, not tangible. I am decidedly of opin-
ion that the lecompensc offered is fair.
But wo'are told (hat the surveyor general has
nothing to do with this. Has the surveyor gen-
eral complained, and has the subject been inves-
tigated in such a way as to lead the head of the
Department to the conclusion which has been
staled? lie has to rely on the information of
others. We have heard no complaints urged in
the Senate or House of Representatives hereto-
fore, that it is impossible to do the work for the
present pi ice. Certainly the expenses of living
in California are l^ss now than heretofore; and if
the officer would make it known at large that he
had contracts to let, ho would induce the compe-
tition ofsmveyors from every part of the United
States; (hey would dock there ior the purpose of
obtaining fifteen dollars a mile, when they re-
ceived in the several States a per diem of not five
dollars. They would resort to California; the
competition wouUl become gieat; th<> facility of
obtaining employes would be: no qui stion of diffi-
culty there. I will not vote to place at the dispo-
sition or discretion of any individual ^ 100,000 that
he may issue it with or without vouchers, and
when the vouchers may be a mere mockery and
sham. I have no reliance on them; and if the
vouchers should not be produced, it will only be
necessary to pass an act of Congress saying, let
the Auditor settleit agreeably to the principles of
equity and justice, and that is done on the state-
ment of individuals, so that the accounts ai e never
stopped here for want of voucheis. The day was
when a picayune had to be explained, or it was
stopped at the Treasury,but those good old days
have gone by. Honesty is in slack demand now,
and there is not much encouragement given to it,
whilst we extend lenity and discretion bevond all
icason and all hounds. We must begin to be
more stringent and more exacting in our legal en-
actments here, or we shall find that the settlement
of officers'accounts wi'l become a meie form, a
sham, and the only difficulty will be to keep the
Treasury sufficiently full to gratify thecoi morants,
the vampires, who choose to suck the blood of the
nation through the Treasury, on the pretense of
official duties discharged in an extraordinary man-
ner, or extraordinary set vices rendered. If a stop
j| be not put to this, the nation will be drained of its
!| treasure to pamper individuals who may become
|| favorites, and have an advocacy, either here or
i1 with the heads of Departments, to force through
;i their claims without a pretense of justice. Sir,
!| I am not prepared to vote for this. I shall vote
tj against it, and vote against anything that extends
ji to an officer an extiaotdinary discretion; for the
d more you give the more you will have to grant.
Mr. BAYARD. I am very clear in my,own
mind that .the amendment must pass, if you mean
to do justice, according to the terms of your treaty
with Mexico, by which you acquired California,
to the rights of private claimants, unless you sub-
stitute an express clause of legislation in accord-
ance with the view's of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana. The case stands precisely in this
way: the law which you passed in order to carry
that treaty into effect, which binds you to secure
the titles in California, requires that all titles of
every kind under the Mexican Government shall
be submitted to aboard of commissioners. After
they have been submitted, if the final adjudication
is in favor of the claimants, there is to be a sur-
vey made by your officers, and under that survey
a patent is to issue. The title must, therefore, be
evidenced by a patent from the United States, con-
sequent upon a survey made under the authority
of the United States; otherwise, the claimant is
helpless, although the treaty binds you to give
him a title if he has a good claim. Under these
circumstances it was found that in making sur-
veys m California, though, under the general law,
which authorized the payment of not exceeding
fifteen dollars a mile as to ordinary Government
surveys in straight lines or parallel lines, that
amount would be sufficient, contracts could not
be made for this sum with the deputy surveyors
for the purpose of surveying these irregular grants
where the boundaries have to be hunted out at
great labor, and the expense is greater. You can-
not obtain the services of deputy surveyors by a
contract to perform it for that sum; but the claim-
ants themselves, in a variety of cases, stepped in
and paid the expenses of the deputy surveyors.
The Department ascertained to their satisfaction
that the eifect of suffering the claimant to become
a payer to the deputy surveyor was that very often
grants were improperly located, that the claimant
had too much control over the contracting sur-
veyor on account of his being allowed to receive
money from him additional to what he received
from the Government; and the consequence was
that it led to an improper location of grants which
the Department, if that system was continued,
would be unable to keep correct, so as not to tres-
pass on the rights of preemption settlers, or per-
sons who purchased under the Government. With
a view to check this, they have issued a perempt-
ory order not to permit any payments to be re-
ceived by a deputy surveyor from any claimant.
They have determined not to recognize a survey
made where the fact is ascertained'that the claim-
ant has contributed to the expenses of the deputy
surveyor.
Be this right or be it wrong, after making this
determination, the Secretary of the Interior tells
you that, for fifteen dollars a mile for that species
of survey, he is unable to obtain deputy survey-
ors to do the work. You are bound to have the
survey made to do justice to the parties. If you
issue an order saying that they shall not pay,
surely you are bound to let your surveyor gene-
ral, who has no interest in this matter, unless you
suppose him fraudulent, have power to pay more
than the amount now given for a pat ticular class
of surveys—twenty-five instead of fifteen dollars
a mile; it being found that for fifteen dollars you
cannot have the service tendered. You deprive
the claimant, by executive authority, of the priv-
ilege of paying for it; and you must remedy that
by authorizing a sufficient sum to be paid in order
to have the suivey made, because the claimant
cannot get his title under the treaty without hav-
ing the survey made. There is but one other
course left; and it is this: if you adopt the idea
of my friend fiom Louisiana, that the Depart-
ment are wiong in supposing it leads to any lm-
piopriety or ftaud to allow private claimants to
make compensation to the deputy surveyor over
and above what he receives from the Government,
then you ought to put m the law a clause prevent-
ing the Secretary of the Interior from inhibiting
the payment by private claimants of an additional
sum when it is lequisite for the purpose of mak-
ing the survey. 1 think you will hardly be pie-
pared to do that, because, from what I know of
the matter, I believe there is force xn the objection
made by the Sccietary of the Interior. There is
danger in allowing the officer, though he is an
officer by contract under the surveyor general, to
be in the pay of the private claimant for the pur-
pose of locating a grant; and the Government in
