THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON', I>. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 1858.
New Series. .. .No* 168,
the end may lose more under that system than
they would by allowing the deputies additional
compensation, in cases where it is requisite in the
opinion of the surveyor general, on his respons-
ibility. If the surveyor general is not an hon-
est and fair man, remove him. He is not enti-
tled, under the provision, to receive one dollar
himself; and he cannot do so unless by fraud;
and he will be liable to punishment for that.
You are simply limiting, by a different limit than
you do now, the amount which he shall be al-
lowed to contract to give deputy surveyors per
mile for a certain stipulated survey of lands. I
think it is a wiser course to take that, inasmuch
as you cannot get the survey performed for less;
at least, you cannot get it performed for fifteen
dollars a mile. So the Secretary of the Interior
tells you. It is the wiser course to expend the
difference between fifteen dollars and twenty-five
dollars, in that manner, in these contracts, than it
would be to permit the deputy surveyor, who is
an officer under contract, and ought to represent
the Government alone, to represent in part the
interests of private claimant by receiving com-
pensation from him. The Senate may choose
between the two. If they determine that they
will not adopt this amendment, then, in common
justice to the claimants, if they desire to carry
out the treaty, (and the law entitles them to have
a survey of the lands and a patent consequent on
the survey after a final adjudication of the title,)
they are bound to put in a clause which shall re-
quire the Secretary of the Interior or the head of
the Land Office to rescind the order which pro-
hibits the private claimant from paying any por-
tion of the expense of surveying private land
claims. One or the other you are in justice bound
to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The first question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Arkansas to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose further to amend
the amendment by inserting:
Prowled* That it shall be the duty of the suiveyor gen-
eral of California to awaid each contract to execute said
sui \ <• y- to the lowest responsible bidder, he being a practical
suivewir, alter reasonable notice, to be published in two
i ew>papeis of the laige^t cnculation in the State of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope that amendment
will be adopted. There is no objection to it, I
believe.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make an in-
quiry of my honorable friend from Arkansas,
whether we have adopted the amendment—I be-
lieve it is his—which makes void the survey at
any subsequent time, upon proof that the claimant
had paid a fee to the surveyor?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That has been
adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg the gentleman to
consider for a moment the consequences and ef-
fects of that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The whole
amendment has not been adopted—only an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment indicated by the Senator from Kentucky,
offered by the Senator from Arkansas, has been
agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As an amend-
ment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It ought not to be al-
lowed that the title, at any subsequent time, may
be vacated. It may have gone into the hands of
innocent purchaseis. Put any punishment you
please on the offenders; but do not let it affect the^
land. Do not sow such a seed of discord and of
litigation and of uncertainty in land titles. Of
all things in society that description of property
ou°"lit to be kept as free as possible from all col-
lateral questions. Let the guilty parly be pun-
ished; but do not let the land be affected with a
168
doubt that is to follow it into the hands of inno-
cent purchasers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky that it would be well for
him, then, to strike out that portion of my amend-
ment and leave the first part.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Strike out all which
affects the title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will assent
to that. It will have to be reconsidered on the
ground the Senator names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The change
can be made by unanimous consent. The Sena-
tor from Arkansas will make the change.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It will then
read:
Provided, That the surveyor or surveyors hereafter exe-
cuting any such sutveys of private land claims, shall ac-
company his or their return of such siuvevs with his or
their affidavit that no compensation has been received by
him or them, dncctly or mdnectly, or agreed to be paid to
or received by him or them for the same, from any quarter
other than the Government of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Js it the unan-
imous consent of the Senate that that part of the
amendment not read shall be strickcn out? The
Chair hears no objection. The question recurs
on the amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 22; as follows:
YRAS—Bayard, Bright, Brodeiick, Cameron,
Ciiandlt'i. Collamer, Cntteiiden,Di\on, Doolittie, Douglas,
JDuikee, Fitch, Foot, Owin, Hammond, Harlan, (vci>on,
Jones, Malloiy, Seward, Simmons, fcJtuait, Ttumbull,
Wade, and Yulee—2j.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Clay,
Chngman, Davis, Fitzpaiiiek, Ilale, Il.iyne, Houston, Hun-
ter, Johnson, of Arkansas, Mason, Pearee, Polk, Hugh,
Reid, Ilice, Slidell, Toombs, and Wught—-22.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to,
as follows:
" For making the surveys of the confiimed pnvate land
claims in Caliioinui, the s-utveyor sreneial is hereby authoi-
lzed to pay such Mim a* he may deem reasonable, aeeoid-
ing to the eueuin-tanccs eoiinecb'd with each ca=e, not
exceeding at the late of twenty-live dollars loi each mile
of the boundary lines of any claim, and aUo lor such lines
as may necessarily be run andnmiked, or measured, 111 ouler
to connect tho lines of such claim with those of the adja-
cent public surveys : Provided, That the surveyor or sur-
veyor hereaftei executing any^-ueh surveys of private land
claim", shall accompany bin oi thuirieturn of such surveys
with hiV or then afhdavit that no compensation has been
received by them, dncctly or indirectly, oi agieed to be paid
to oi received b> him 01 them foi the same, from any quar-
to othei than the Government of the United States : Pro-
vided, That it shall be the duly of the sutveyor geneial of
Cahtornia to award each eoutiact to execute said surveys
to the lowest ie.-pon-)ble bidder—ho b^nig apiactical «ur-
veyor—alter ren^onable lionet to be published in two news-
papers ofthe kugc^t cncul^uon of the State ot California."
Mr. SLIDELL.tyf ask now for the considera-
tion of my motion to reconsider the vote upon the
amendment in regard to the improvement of the
St. Clair flats.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. It was not my intention to
say anything upon the subject of internal im-
provements; and I should not do it nowdid I not
occupy a somewhat peculiar position, having yes-
terday changed my vote for the purpose of mov-
ing a reconsideration. There were several rea-
sons that induced me to take that course. The
Senate was very thin, and this was a very grave
matter—involving serious questions of public pol-
icy; and it struck me that it was proper a full
Senate should decide it. That was one reason
why I changed my vote for the purpose of mov-
ing a reconsideration. Had it not been for that,
I should, probably, have allowed this matter to
pass.
1 will now state very briefly my reasons for
urging the reconsideration of this vote; and I will
premise by saying that J have in no degree
changed or modified the opinions upon the con-
stitutional question involved that i entertained
some two years since, when I had the honor to
expiess them to the Senate on the occasion of the
veto by the President of the bill.for the improve-
ment of the mouths of the Mississippi river. I
concede that it is within the constitutional power
of Congress to make appropriations from the pub-
he Treasury for objects that are confessedly na>
tional. The great difficulty with roe has always
been to define the line where these objects cease
to be national and become local. I considered
then, and 1 consider now, the appropriation im-
mediately in question as of a national character;
and could I be assured that the legislation of tho
country in this regard would be confined entirely
to appropriations for works of this character, to
my mind unquestionably national, I should have
no objection to considering each of them upon its
merits, and voting proper sums towards their
completion. Cut the question now presents itself
in a very different aspect.
I object to this appropriation at this time for
several reasons. I object to it because it is in-
congruous to the bill. It is out of place; it is in-
appropriate; it should not be here. A question of
this'kind should be discussed in the Senate, not
i only upon the peculiar merits of the distinct ap-
propriation, but upon the great principle of pub-
lic policy which it involves, and should not he
mixed up with other matters which are entirely
foreign from it. My next objection is, that the
state of our finances is such that I think we are
imperatively called upon not to vote for any ap-
propriations that are not absolutely necessary for
the proper cairymg on of the public seivice, and
working the icguW machinery of the Govern-
ment at home and abroad, and providing fbs the
national defenses at sea and on shore. My thud
objection—and peihaps it is the most important
of all; it certainly is in my own mind—is that,
while I see no reason, as I before stated, to change
my opinion in regard to the constitutional aspect
of this question, 1 have, from experience and ob-
servation, arrived at the deliberate conclusion that
the whole system is mischievous; that, however
national and praiseworthy any paiticular object
may be, it will never obtain the assent of Con-
gress without some understanding or agreement,
implied or expressed, that other works of a very
different character, if not coupled with it m the
same bill, shall be passed by the same aid. I
will now say that, entertaining this opinion,if an
appropriation were introduced to-morrow provicj-
ing any sum of money for deepening the mouths
of the Mississippi, it would not command my
vote; for the reason that 1 am perfectly persuaded
that, on account of the constitutional objections
of a large portion of those Senators with whom I
am in the habit of acting, and with whom I am
always proud to act, and the objections of other
Senators who entertain different notions, but who
would not be willing to vote for what I consider
a legitimate appropiiation, without connecting it
with something exceptionable m itself, it would
be difficult, if not impossible, to confine the ap-
propriations to improvements of a stiictly national
character. From these considerations, I am m-
, clined to think that, on the ground of expediency
j alone, apart from all constitutional scruples, no
1 bill of a similar character will hereafter receivc
| my support. I shall adhere to this opinion, un-
i less I see very good reasons to change it. Per-
[ haps an oveiflowing Treasury might induce «ie,
| in some degree to modify it; but, with the views
i I now entertain, I do not consider u probable.
Mr. OHANDLEft. I shall not occupy the time
j of the Senate in discussing this question. I regret
i that the motion to reconsider has been rnade.^ I
| think this bill was a very proper place on which
j to put this appropriation. It contains an appro-
i priation of$450,000 for the coastsurvey; $800,000
I for the Washington water-works; $300,000 for
| the Charleston custom-house; $300,000 for the
i New Orleans custom-house. _ I deem it of more
; consequence to provide lor this improvemen t than
| for all the other works for which the bill provides,
'i This is the last chance we have to get the appro-
! priation through at this session,and 1 hope it will
i be retained m the bill. I ask for the yeas and
j nays on the motion to reconsidcr.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I have voted for the improvement
