1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
his witnesses a portion of the time, some eight
or tea days. I see nothing whatever in tins ground
for granting the extension of time.
Mr, TRIPPE. Will the gentleman from South
Carolina allow me to ask him a question which oc-
curs to my mind ?
Mr BOYCE. Certainly. •
Mr. TRIPPE. It is stated in the report of the
minority of the committee that the sitting mem-
ber not only so construed the law himself, and
therefore did not proceed to take testimony, hut
that the same construction was given to it by the
contestant also. Not only did "the contestant so
construe it, but he actually protested against the
right of the sitting member to overreach his time.
Is that statement, made by the minority of the
committee, true—that both parties did so construe
the law?
Mr. BOYCE. I am informed by the contestant
that he denies that statement.
Mr. TRIPPE. There is this fact further stated
—as a matter of fact, not of opinion—that when
the sitting member proposed to take testimony at
a certain period, the contestant protested against
his right to do so, because he, the contestant,
already covered I hat time. ;
Mr. BOYCE. That is denied by the committee.
Mr. TRIPPE. Well, sir, it is stated in the ic- i
port of the minority; and it is a point on which !
| would like to have information as to what is the !
real fact. That is a controlling consideration with ,
me.
Mr, BOYCE. The sitting member does not, !
as 1 understand, make that assertion on ins own j
knowledge. He says tiiat somebody says so. :
The contestant says he never did take that ground; .
so that we have his positive testimony against
what somebody said.
Mr. TRIPPE. That maybe perfectly right;
but 1 beg leave to call the gentleman's attention
to a sentence in the minority report:
" Whilst the fitting member—liotu the construction (m
Which, however, we do not con cm) winch it is clear to us
both the pai tics gave to the law—wasoni> able to take tes-
timony (torn the 17th to the 27th of Afaich, J807; ami that,
at the time of the mitring member's notice ro take his testi-
mony, as aforesaid, was s,jived, the contestant refused to
attend, and claimed that he had already covered this time
with his notices; and which latter statement is nut denied
by the contestant."
The point which I am at, is the authority for |
this statement in the minority report. Is it true, 1
or is it not, that the contestant did so claim? [
Mr. BOYCE. I read from Mr. VallandigSuim's j
answer to Mr. Campbell, page 14: \
"Itts asserted, or insinuated, upon the anthonty cujus- \
dam i«noti, that my puipose in vemng the notice 1,1 tiu> ,
contest was to prevt nt tiic retained menibci iioni taking
any testimony at all. ;
" I meet tins by a tlat denial. But five notice in ail, to ■
take testimony, were, solved; one of' them he leaded to
accept; another was simply a li-t of witness-o^, as lequircd
by the statute ; and two of them weie abandoned—leaving |
just tvvoundei which testimony was fully taken. |
"The construction of the .statute is obvious, and the ic- ^
turned membei acted upon it as construed by the commit- ,
tee, but a few day* ago. [ add that, tn tin-? a  m othei in- ;
stances, there would  eem to be a studied eflbit to lepiot-ent j
me a* unfair and disingenuous, thioughout this conte-t. Of ]
the justice of these insinuation:- and the delicacy of intro- j
duemg them here, I leave the committee and those who :
know me best, to judge." i
But, in the view that I take of the case, it is ;
immaterial what construction the contestant may I
have contended for. There was the law, about !
which the understanding of both the minority |
and the majority of the committee is, so far as I I
know, harmonious. Both parties could have gone j
on and taken testimony. If the contestant set up ,
an erroneous construction of the law, that is not ;
material. But it appears that he did not. ■
There are other matters suggested by the sitting ;
member, but they do not seem to me to have any 1
force m them. For instance, he says some of :
the notices of testimony to be taken by the con- '
testant were left at his residence, which wan m
charge of only a colored servant. This fact, if j
it had any effect, would go simply to invalidate !
the testimony taken against him, but it is no ex- \
cuse for his not taking testimony. As regards 1
the further facts, that the sitting member was de- ,
tamed m Washington a few days, by the illness
of one of his children, and the duty devolved upon !
him in reference to accompanying to Ohio the re- |
mams of the Hon. Mr. Disney, they do not seem |
to mc, in themselves, of much weight, inasmuch !
as the testimony could very well be taken without i
the personal attendance of the sitting member. I
The sitting member further states, that at the
expiration of the sixty days, he proposed to the
contestant toffoon and lake testimony by consent,
which was declined. This suggestion does not
vary the case. The only question in the case, as I
conceive it, is simply this: did the sitting member
have an opportunity to take testimony? I think
there can be but one answer to this. The election
had taken place in October, 1856; he was promptly
informed of the intention to contest. He could,
I think, very easily have, between the time of the
election and the assembling of Congress, examined
into his case, ascertained what he could prove,
got the names of his witnesses, and had the testi-
mony taken in his absence by his agents. Not
having done this, I do not think he used due dili-
gence, and thrrefoie has no (Luin for the exten-
sion of the time of taking testimony.
It is a matter of the first importance that these
contested-election cases should be promptly de-
cided. Fifteen months have elapsed since the elec-
tion; the sitting member has had the opportunity
of taking testimony, and now to reopen the case
for new testimony would involve considerable de-
lay, and unnecessarily protract the case. I con-
elude, therefore, against the extension of time
asked for. It rests, however, with the House m
then disctetion to grant the application; in their
decision I acquiesce.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to go back to the ma-
jority and minority reports in this case to show
to the House the reasons winch controlled the
minority in making the report which they have
presented. This election took place in the State
of Ohio, on the second Tuesday in October. The
board of canvassers met to determine the election
on the 6th day of December. The answer of the
sitting member is dated, " City of Washington,
191h Januaiy, ld57."
Mr. Speaker, I wish now to bring before the
House, as elcaiiy as I ejn,the course of the con-
testant in this case, and show reasons why the
sitting member should have additional time to take
testimony. In the first place, as to the notice.
Here are six notices upon the part of the contest-
ant. The first is dated five days before the an
swer of the sitting member was given to him. It
is dated January 14, lbo7. He closed the corn-
mission under it, at Hamilton, on the 13th of
March—having occupicd forty days out of the
sixty days m which lie could take testimony under
the law. Another notice was issued on the lGih
of February, stating that he would commence
taking testimony at Dayton, on the 'id of March.
This commission was opened and continued from
that day until the Itith day o( March, embiacmg
tu'flve day;, of the time covered by the commission
under the first notice. And light here 1 wish to
call attention to the fact that the law of 1851 re-
quites that /7re daub shall elapse, from the closing
of one commission, before another shall be opt ned.
But, sir, in violation of that law, you find that the
contestant in this case, befoic one commission
was closed, gave notice of another; and that the
taking of testimony under the second notice was
commenced before five days had elapsed from the
close of the first; so that you find that he has gone
outside and over the law of 1851, if that is to
govern in this case.
What, sir, are the facts further? The commis-
sions under these five notices cover the entire
sixty days, as you see by refenmg to the minority
report, and if you include the five days'interval,
they covered seventy-one days. iSo much for the
notices.
The next question is. did the contestant con-
sider that all the evidence should be included and
completed within the sixty days. I say that he
did. I read from his answer or reply before the
committee, to show that he considered the law of
1851 as imperative, and that the entire evidence
should be taken within the sixty days; at the
same time, he having by his notices and his com-
missions covered seventy-one days, as is shown
by the report and by the evidence in the case. He
says:
" By the statute the ponod for the taking testimony <s ex-
prec>ly limited to^ixtv day-? from the service of the amaver.
You weic m ('omriess win n the act parsed and t,re pre
sinned to know that you weir equally hound with myself
to elo.se the testimony within thai peiiod.'*
Within what period ? Sixty days. How did
the contestant occupy these sixty days ? By these
notices and by taking testimony, which notices
and testimony occupied not only the entire time
allowed by the law of 1851, but seventy-three
days; thirteen days beyond'the law. He goes oil:
"The ' piactice' you allege, of taking testimony after
sixty days, notwithstanding the statute, cannot be very in-
veterate, since the act was not passed till March, 1851; nor
do I thmk that at so early a day, piactice will prevail against
the exptess words of the statute, which declares that'no
testimony shall be taken.' "
That no testimony shall be taken after the sixty
days, which shows that the contestant understood
well the law, and acted upon it, intending to take
testimony covering the entire sixty days. Now,
another question for us to consider, is this: did
the contestant so construe the law as to limit the
taking of testimony to within sixty days; and did
he also construe it, that the sitting member and
contestant could not both take testimony at the
same time.
Mr. ^STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from Indiana will allow me to have the reply
of the contestant read at the Clerk's desk, it will
answer his question.
Mr. WILSON. I will read the reply to which
the gentleman refers, before I take my seat.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I want it read
right at this point.
Mr. WILSON. I will read it before I am
through. Now, sir, let us look at the law of 1851,
and if the House does not wish to do injustice be-
tween these parties claimingthe right to a seat upon
this lloor, let us see how they regarded this stat-
ute, and what construction they (the sitting mem-
ber and the contestant) gave to it. I find in the
application of the sitting member for additional
time in which to take testimony, tiled before the
committee, the following language:
ft f was dct lined in Washington ^eveia! days after the ad-
journment by the sickness ot oneot my clnidien. and by the
subsequent demise ot one of my fonner colleagues—the
tion. D md T Pi>ncy. At a meeting of the friends of the
deceased 1 torn Ohio, then in tin- city, I was appointed chair-
man ot a eoniumtee to accompany his remains to the resi-
! dence oi his launly m Cincinnati; and m the discharge of
thi- melancholy duty I w:i« unahle to reach my home until
the 19th of March, a few day* prior to the expiration of the
k H\tv day?;.' f then found th.it my attorney had taken steps
to mvuio te^tinioit} in ru\ bebati in one of the counties cotn-
po>i!iq: the d^tuct. He occupied ten days, (pp. 147 to 175.)
{ am liii'oimed In him that when lie served notice, (p. 138,)
contestant claimed that he had no right to do so, because
hit notice, previously served, covered the residue of the
•sixty days,' and refused to appear and cross-examine wit-
ner-ses."
Now, sir, here is a material fact, as important,
perhaps, as any one presented in the case. Yet
never once does the contestant, in his reply, deny
or even refer to this statement upon the part of
the applicant for additional time to take testi-
mony. If it is not true, why did he not deny it
in his reply ? This was the construction clearly
aiven to the low not only by the contestant hut
by the sitting member.
Now, then, let us take one step further in this
case. What is that? The time allowed by law
closed, evidence had been taken upon one side and
no evidence .scarcely upon the other side. I un-
derstood the gentleman upon the other side of the
House to say that eighteen mouths had elapsed,
and that, it was time this case was determined.
Let us see what stops the sitting member took to
determine this question between him and the con-
testant. Let us see who has been m u laches.i}
On the 2d of April, 1857, at Hamilton, the sitting
member forwarded to the contestant a letter, it
beini? a part of the papers in this case, in which
1 I find tiiis language:
kk Desirous that all the material facts shall be fanly pre-
sented beioie Congre>s, f deem it proper to advice you that
1 hhail hoieafter proceed to take testimony in the ease, (of
winch due notice accoiding to law will he given,) and to
MJirge^-t my entire willingness to enter into a mutual agree-
ni' nt with yon to waive any technical objection which
might he made on the point of time in the taking of testi-
mony on either side. 1 piopo^e, therefore, a mutual agree-
niv nt to that effect. Tins would give to both of us and to
our friends a fair opportunity to present all the facts bearing
upon the ls-^ue, and tend to prevent delay m the final de-
cision of the matte/."
Here was the offer made. The sixty,days had
elapsed. What did the sitting member say? I
; will go with you and take evidence notwitlistand-
| ing: present that evidence before the House; that
: shall determine between us. What was the answer
of.the contestant? Here it is:
'•Your intimation, therefore, that you mean to pioceed
with your testimony, us spite 05 the statute. «iv  s me no con-
cern. You can suitvour pleasure and convenience ui'hat
respect. 1 beg to astute you that it will m nowise incom-
mode or cau^e me expense."
