367*1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
of the St. Clair flats; I believe it is a case where
it is proper to expend money for such improve-
ments,]^ at the same time I voted against appro-
priations for the harbors on the lakes. When the
question was up on its merits, I had no doubt
about it, and voted for it, and when it was first
offered as an amendment to the appropriation bill,
my desire to see the work accomplished was great
enough to overcome my objections to its being
introduced into an appropriation bill. I have uni-
formly voted against putting on this bill measures
which I thought were inappropriate to it. I voted
to reduce the amount proposed to be appropriated
for the survey of the coast; so in the case of the
Capitol extension; so also, and especially, in the
case of the contract for printing the American
State Papers, which I conccived to be eminently
out of place in such a bill as this. I voted against
them all. Now I shall vote for this reconsidera-
tion, though I'am in favor of the expenditure of
the money in deepening the St. Clair flats, for the
reason that it was out of place in this bill, and for
the further reason that with the prolongation of
the session for a week we shall have an opportu-
nity to pass the measure on its merits as a sepa-
rate bill.
Mr. SEWARD. There was, Mr. President, it
'seems to me, some plausibility and some reason
in the argument that there was an impropriety in
placing indiscriminate appropriations, and vague
or large appropriations for internal improvements
upon this bill; but I think that objection is en-
tirely removed in this case; because what is pro-
posed as a single work, a necessary work, one
jndispensible to the inland commerce of the coun-
try, and which is itself the representative of a
principle which commands the assent of all the
interests that sustain that commcrce. Regarding
it of this importance, so far from agreeing with
the honorable Senator from Missouri that it is
right to reconsidcr for the purpose of striking out
the appropriation, I shall vote against the recon-
sideration; and if it be reconsidered, and this
amendment be stricken out, I shall then teelit to
be my duty to vote against the bill, leaving every
member of the Senate to take his own responsi-
bility as well in regard to the passngc of the bill
as to the action of Congress on internal improve-
ments.
The question being taken by yeas aniUmys on-
the motion to reconsider, resulted—yeas 31, nays
25; as follows:
Polk, Ueid, Itico, .Sebastian, Slidull, Thomson of Now Jer-
sey, Toombs, Wright, iiiul Yuloe—St.
NA.Yfl-McM.rs. Roll, limih'iiclt, Onmoron, Clintldler,
Clark, Ciillmner, (.'riuonil™, Dixoh, lloolilllc, Umipln.-,
Burkcc, Ftwilii™, Flint, Kuslur, Hale, Hamlin, Hailan,
Kn)£, l'u h, SrWiiril, Simmons, yiuarl, Tuunbull, Wade,
and Wilson—
So the Senate agreed to the reconsideration;
and the question recurred on the following amend-
ment of Mr. CiiANm.i-'.rt:
Jlnd he it further cncictcd, That &V1.037 h<• appiopriat<;d
for completing the impiovement of the channel ovei the rit.
Clair Hats in the State of Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays;
and. they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very much surprised
at the course pursued in regard to this proposi-
tion. It is olmostin tho language of a bill which
passed the last Congress by a two-thirds* vote
over a presidential veto. U is an appropriation
for the same purpose, and of about the same
amount. That was for the commencement of this
work; this is for its completion. It is supposed
by some that it is a measure for Michigmi. It is
no such thing, sir. Michigan lias less interest
in the improvement of the St. Clair flats than al-
most any other northwestern State. Michigan
has three parallel lines of railroad running through
her borders, from lake to lake, on which nearly
all her commercc passes, and lands below the St.
Clair flats. This improvement is for the benefit
of the whole country. Wisconsin has a thousand
fold greater interest in it than Michigan; Illinois
has an infinitely greater interest; and even Indiana
is more concerned in it than Michigan.
I hold in my hand an official document, pub-
lished by the last Congress—Executive Docu-
ment No. 36, for the third session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress—in which some facts are given
as to the commercc over the St. Clair flats. In
1855, the total value of the merchandise passing j
over those flats, according to custom-house sta- i
tistics, was $251,167,705, or #1,092,000 for each
day during the season of navigation in 1855. A
very large proportion of this merchandise was
of the cheaper descriptions, such as lumber^ coal,
and farm products; and it is well known that the
cargoes of those cheap products do not equal the
value of the hull carrying them, so that the actual
commerce passing over the St. Clair flats in 1855
was about $500,000,000, including the value of
the hull and the cargoes. This vast commerce is
being obstructed for the want of a little, paltry
appropriation of $54,037, or less than one fourth
of one per cent, on the annual commerce that j
yearly passes over those flats. ^ i
Now, sir,shall this little appropriation, to com- j
plete a great national work, be stricken out for ;
any paltry reasop, or because it is not exactly ap- i
propriate to this bill? What appropriation for ;
this Government is more properly in the bill than !
this identical appropriation for the improvement
of the St. Clair flats ? You can vote $450,000 to
survey the Atlantic coast, and find where there
are sand-bars to be avoided; but yet, to accom-
modate the vast commerce on the lakes, you can-
not appropriate $54,037. I hope Senators will
review their action in reconsidering this vote, and
still retain this paltry appropriation in the bill.
The report to which I have already alluded says: .
" It is making ?io more than a reasonable allowance for
the effect of the obstructions to commerce, now existing at
the Ht. Clair flats, to say that, hail that oh&tiuetion not ex-
isted, the value of the merchandise arid produce that would
have passed m 1853 would have been tally fifty percent,
more than it actually was; or that it would have amounted,
dining the navigable season of 1855, to $376.7ol ,5.58. Thia
would have been an average per day of $1,633,050.
This is more than twenty times the estimate of
the cost of completing the work. The same offi-
cial report says:
" The increase of the rates of freight, owing to the ob-
struction as it now exists, may be estimated at fully fifteen
per cent., or annually the sum of$2,<>6 ,
This is the actual expense that you put on the !
farmers of the West because you lel'uso to vote a
paltry appropriation of $54,000 to complete tins ;
work. I know that much is said as to the con- ;
stitutionality of such appropriations. 1 should i
like to know in what clause of the Constitution j
of the United States you find the right to vote j
#800,000 to supply the city of Washington with j
water? That appropriation is in this bill. When
you find the clause in the Constitution to do that, :
you will find the right also to make this little ap- J
propriation which interests the whole Northwest, j
If the President has any constitutional sciuples |
about signing a bill containing' this appropriation, j
he can find authority for it in the same clause j
which authorizes you to vote ^800,000 for water- j
works for the benefit of a population of sixty j
thousand here in the city of Washington. I
should like to pursue this argument a little fur- ;
tlier, but I have not the time to do so. |
I have endeavored this v(inter to pass the St.
Clair flats bill on its own rtj^rits. Five months ,
ago, 1 introduced a bill making a sufficient appro-
priation to complete the work, and that bill was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I im-
mediately went to the Department and obtained
the maps, charts, surveys, and all necessary esti-
mates for their information. Those papers lay
in the hands of the committee more than three
months without being opened. On the expiration
of the three months, I introduced a resolution in-
structing the committee to report a bill granting
sufficient money to complete the work. That reso-
lution would have carried in its naked form; but
an amendment was added which vitiated the
whole effect of it. That was lost, and finally the
committee reported a bill appropriating §23,421
for preserving those works. I then introduced an
independent bill, making an appropriation of the
exact amount required to complete the work: but
I have never been able to get action on it. There
was always something to interfere with the con-
sideration of that bill. Now, m the last few days
of the session, I asked to have this small appro-
priation put on an appropriation bill in a proper
way, and it is to be voted down. I want to have
the yeas and nays upon it. I want to see who is
friendly to the great Northwest, and who is not;
for we are about making our last prayer here.
The time is. not far distant when, instead of com-
ing here and begging for our rights, we shall ex-
tend our great hands and take the blessing. Af-
ter 1860 we shall not be here as beggars. I hope
my amendment will not be voted down, but will
be reaffirmed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire, Mr. Clark, has paired off on this
question with the Senator from Alabama, Mr.
Fitzpatrick. ' ^
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bell, Brodeuck, Cameron, Chandler,
Collamer, Cnttenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Duikee,
Fessenclen, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlau,King, Pugh,
Seward, Simmons, Sluart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson
 24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard,Benjamin, Biglcr, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Chn man, Davis, Fitch, Green, Hammond,
Hayne, Houston, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mason, Pearee, Polk, Reid,
Rice. Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider a vote; I do not wish
the question taken now. It is on the amendment
adopted on the motion of,the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr.Wilson,] m relation to disburs-
ing agents, I wish that reconsidered. /
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The/motion
will be entered.
Mr. MASON. I desire to renew A amend-
ment which was offered in Coijajni/tee of the
Whole, but did not then prevail:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That all diplomatic and salu-
ued consular officers, who weie appointed under the act
entitled " An act to lemodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States," appioved March 1, 1855,
shall have the same compensation during the time neces-
sarily occupied m making tin* ttan-.it to arid ietuining from
their respective ports and while they weie receiving their
instructions, as is provided foi diplomatic and salaried con-
sular officeis in the eighth section of the act entitled " An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of the
United States," approved August IS, 1856: Provided, That
the foicgoing shall not be construed to apply to any diplo-
matic or consular officer who was in office and at hi* po«t of
duty, when said act approved Maich 1, 1855, took effect,
except to allow compensation to f-uch officers during the
time necessarily occupied in loturmng from their respective
pO.-tS.
j>Ir. HUNTER. I rise to a point of order.
Docs not that give back pay ? I think this very
amendment was ruled oat m Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. MASON. Itwas offered in committee, and
rejected by a very close vote. It was not ruled
| out, according to my recollection. The indorse-
ment will show that it was rejected.
Mr. 1VERSON. The point of order was made
in committee by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. King,] and overruled by the present occu-
pant of the Chair, [Mr. Stuart;] and the question
recurred on the amendment on the yeas and nays;
and it was rejected. It is now offered again,and
of course is m order. It is in order, because it
makes future legislation. The point of order was
overruled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The recollec-
tion of the Chair, though it would not be very
strange ifhe did not recollectdistmctly—was, that
he ruled U in order on the ground that a portion
of it was prospective, and that it was not divisible.
Mr. IVEIISON. I offer a substitute for the
amendment:
That all tiie diplomatic and xulancd consular officeis who
wei c appointed under the act entitled '• An act to i <jmodcl
the diplomatic and coti>nlai sv>-temsof the United States,"
approved Maich 1, 1855, shall have the same compensation
during the time nccessanly oeeupu d in making the transit
to andt'iom their respective posts, and while they were re-
ceiving their msti actions, as is ptovided lor diplomatic and
salaried eonsulai officers in the eighth section of the act en-
tilled 11 An act to legulnte the diplomatic and consular
sy^torn^ of' the United fUate-," appioved August 18, 1858 :
Provided, Tliat the above provision shall only apply to such
diplomatic and eonsulai officers who were appointed, or
who proceeded to the post to which they were appointed,
after the passage of s.aui act of the 18th of August, 1806.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order. If the
amendment undertakes to construe a law differ-
ently from the construction already put on it, it is
legislation; if it does not undertake to do that, then
it is void, and means nothing. The law now fixes
their compensation from the time they assume
their duties. lam not going to say they ought
to be paid from the time they are appointed and
are waiting instructions. I will not say it. That
may be right; but the question I raise is, that the
present law does not do that, and that this pro-
poses to change the present law, and apply it
to anterior appointments, which makes it amount
in substance to a private bill.
