m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
He refused the offer, and declined to take the
evidence. And why should the sitting member
be held responsible now before the House on ac-
count of lapse of time, when the contestant him-
self refused to go outside of the law of 1851; con-
tended that the law was imperative; had covered
the whole time with his own commission; and
declined to permit evidence to be taken after the
" sixty days," so far as he was concerned.
Again I state a fact which does not appear up-
on the face of the papers, but which I believe to
be true. The law requires that so soon as the
depositions are taken they shall be sealed and im-
immediately forwarded to thisHouse. These dep-
ositions were never forwarded until after the
meeting of this Congress. They remained un-
sealed in Ohio until about the first week of Con-
gress, when they were forwarded here, so X have
been informed. Had not the sitting member then
a right to consider that the party himself did
not consider the testimony closed, and that time
would be extended?
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Boyce] says that the application of the sitting
member was not made promptly before the com-
mittee. What are the facts ? When the memo-
rial was referred to the committee, it was ordered
to be printed. At the time it was printed and laid
before the members of the committee, the sitting
member was necessarily absent in Ohio. In his
absence, the case was taken up, and the first mo-
ment after his return, after the contestant had
been heard upon the merits, he made his appli-
cation for time to take supplementary evidence.
The application was made at the very first mo-
ment it could be made. Now, then, under all
these facts, I ask, will the House refuse to grant
further time ? Why, sir, the Committee of Elec-
tions, a day or two ago, reported to this House a
resolution granting further time to take evidence
in the Nebraska contested-election case. Why
make a distinction between a Territory and a
State? I know no good reason why a distinction
should be made. I was in favor of giving time in
both cases, so that this House may have all the
facts before them, and decide correctly.
Mr. BOYCE. I understand the gentleman to
refer to the Nebraska case. That action of the
committee was upon peculiar grounds. In that
case the contestant had taken all the evidence
under a notice, the validity of which was very
doubtful if strictly construed, and not to have
given further time would have been at once to
have prejudged that case. In order, therefore, to
give any showing whatever to the sitting mem-
ber, who had left the Territory of Nebraska at the
time the notice was served, I consented with a
majority of the committee to extend the time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman if the no-
tice was a valid one ?
Mr. BOYCE. It was given under very pecu-
liar circumstances. I was willing to allow further
time and give each side fair play. If I had been
compelled to decide exclusively upon the evidence
taken undsr such circumstances, I should have
had dou' '*' ;>s to the validity of the notice.
Mr. Wl—SON. The gentleman says the Ne-
braska cast" was surrounded by peculiar circum-
stances. What are they ? Simply whether a no-
tice was valid or not. This was all. But here,
where the commission on one side has consumed
the entire sixty days; where the party refused
to go outside of that commission; where he con-
sidered the law imperative, it is not considered a
peculiar case; even when it may overthrow the
expressed will of the people of the third congres-
sional district of Ohio. Sir, if" peculiar circum-
stances" surround either case, it is the Ohio,and
not the Nebraska case.
But again, sir, I cannot understand why a rule
is applied to one case and not to another. In the
Nebraska case, the committee, and I presume the
House, wished to hear the entire evidence, to have
all the testimony before them, and then to determ-
ine between the two gentlemen claiming the seat
as Delegate from that Territory. I wish the same
rule to be applied in this case.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ste-
venson] says that there is no evidence before the
committee, or before the House, that the sitting
member would be able to refute the evidence which
has been presented by the contestant. That, sir,
depends entirely on another question, which we
have yet to decide upon. The question whether
hearsay evidence is admissible or not will have
to be passed oil by the House and by the com-
mittee. But here are statements very material
and to the point in the application of the sitting
member for further time. What does he say?
He says:
" I verily believe that, if this application is granted, I
shall be able to show to the entire satisfaction of the House,
by legal testimony, that my election was a fair and valid
election, and that if illegal votes may have been east, more
illegal votes were cast for the contestant than for myself.
Having had no fair opportunity of vindicating my lights and
the rights of my eonstitaents m the premises, this applica-
tion is respectfully submitted."
He here claims that if the time of forty days
is allowed him, he can show that his election was
fair and legal; and that, if illegal votes were cast,
more illegal votes were cast for the contestant than
for him.
Mr. Speaker, there is but one other point to
which I desire to allude. Sir, when this evidence
was taken, the sitting member was a member of
this House; he was chairman of an important
committee; you, sir, remember that his duties
upon that committee were arduous during the last
session of Congress, and you know how well and
faithfully he attended to the interests committed
to his charge. I ask, then, is it fair, without
having his voice heard before this House, or his
evidence completed,so that every man, no matter
what his political opinions, can determine fairly
for himself upon the merits of the case—is it fair
to strike him down as it is proposed to do by the
majority of the Committee of Elections? I think
not. Let, then, the time be given by the House.
Mr. PHILLIPS. As one of the majority of
the Committee of Elections, I desire to state to
the House the reasons which govern me in my
courseupon this question. They are, tomy mind,
clear and conclusive. I think the House will find
that there has been as clear a case of neglect, upon
the part of the sitting member, as has ever been
shown in any Congress. If he has not taken his
testimony, and if there has been any fault, it was
his own. Prom the hour when the contestant
served notice upon the sitting member, down to
the time when his application was made, there
seems to have been a desire for delay. I will not
charge it to have been intentional; nor will I say
that he supposed there was more stiength in a
member of an old Congress than in a mere con-
testant for a seat; but I promise to show the House,
in a very few words, that abundant opportunity
was afforded to the sitting member to prove his
case, if he had a case; and it was not until after
the Committee of Elections were ready to decide
the case as presented, that this application was
ever interposed. The application, Mr. Speaker,
was not made in the regular way—as a request of
the committee; but it was interposed with a de-
mand—respectfully made, I admit—that whether
the committee favored it or not, it should be sub-
mitted for the action of the House.
Mi'. Speaker, this election took place on the 14th
of October, 1856. I do not know how the returns
are made in Ohio, but I have been informed this
morning that, immediately after the election, the
returns are counted by the county officers, and I
suppose theyare made public records. They are
then sent, 1 am told, to the Secretary of State,
and are kept in his office, open to the inspection
of every citizen. Ten days after that election,
on the 24th of October, 185G, the contestant, in
compliance with what he believed to be the law,
served upon the sitting member notice of his in-
tention to contest the right of that gentleman to
the seat. Whether that notice was in time, or
whether it was premature, it is not worth while
to consider. There may be doubts about that.
The act of Congress of 1851, which, in my opin-
ion, is very little more than suggestive, and hardly
rises to the dignity of being directory—the act of
1851 provides that notice shall be given within
thirty days after the result of the election shall
have been determined by the officers or board of
canvassers authorized to determine the same.
I am not prepared to say whether we can con-
sider the returning officers as canvassers under
this law, or the Governor of the Commonwealth
as the canvasser; but I do know—it has never
been denied—that on the 24th day of October,
1856, within ten days after the election, the con-
testant, Mr. Vallandigham, served notice on the
Hon. L. D. Campbell that he intended to contest
his right to a seat in the House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress; and he specified
therein the frauds or mistakes which he alleged,
as the ground on which he would ask that the
return should be set aside. Mr. Campbell knew
then that he had to take his seat in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, at the second session, within
six weeks thereafter. The notice may have been
premature; but the contestant having waived that
point, the sitting member had time and opportu-
nity to take testimony, while the testimony was
fresh, to establish his right to the seat. But how
was this action of the contestant met? On the
31st of October, 1856, a week after the notice had
been given, the Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, then a
member of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, wrote to
Mr. Vallandigham, the contestant, a note, which
put it beyond his power to ask for any favors
from that gentleman.' That note is short, and I
will read it:
Hamilton, Ohio, October 31,1856.
Sill: I received your written communication touching that
" nigger business" some time after it appeared in the "nu.se
papers."
No official information of my election to a scat in the
TInrty-FiHli Congress of the United States has yet been fur-
nished me, and you will paidon me for suggesting that pre-
haps your deep anxiety on this subject has occasioned pre-
matw c action.
In December next E shall probably receive, under the
broad seal'' of the State of Ohio, a certificate that the
honor of representing the third district in the next Congress
has been conferred on me by the people. In that event
please obseive that you and the corrupt mimons of the pres-
sent condemned Administration are not only invited, but
dared to contest my right to the seat. Should you or they
attempt to carry out your vaunted designs, I promise the
country a record of one ot the most corrupt and disgraceful
outiages that lias ever been perpetrated upon the American
ballot-box. LEWIS D. CAMPBELL.
Col. C. L. Vai,l>ndiqiiam.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when the contestant gave
this notice to the returned member, if the latter
was in possession of the facts which he asserted
in his notice—and I suppose that he would assert
nothing unless he had, or supposed that he had,
some evidence to support it—it was a duty which
he owed to himself, to the citizens of his district,
to the country, and to the party at least to which
he belonged here, to proceed to the investigation
with all possible dispatch, and to give notice of
taking testimony in accordance with the law.
But this answer of Mr. Campbell effectually
stopped all prospect of an investigation till after
he had taken his seat at the last session of Con-
gress.
Now I agree that the fact of a man being de-
tained here by public business has weight; but
when you find, as you do here, that the opportu-
nity was afforded him of attending to this case
without any sacrifice of the public interests con-
fided to his case, when you find from the start that
there was no disposition on his part to do any-
thing except under whip and spur, except under
the coercion of law and of the House, then I say it
comes with bad grace for him now to ask that
further time be allowed him. The only effect of
granting it, would be to deprive the contestant, if
really entitled to the seat—of which I know noth-
ing—of any chance to take his seat in this House
at the present session.
Mr. Vallandigham, on the 29th of December,
having ascertained that the commission had been
issued by the Governor of Ohio to the Hon. Mr.
Campbell, the sitting member, repeated his notice
of contest. Mr. Campbell was then a memberof
the Thirty-Fourth Congress. Now,Mr. Speaker,
if the sitting member had been inclined to act fairly
and promptly, he might have made use of the five
or six weeks that elapsed between the first notice
and the commencement of the session in taking
testimony. Under the act of 1851 the answer to
the notice could have been given the same day; his
notice to take testimony could have been served
the same day, and testimony could have been
taken at the expiration of ten days.
On the 27th of January, 1857, twenty-nine days
afterwards, nearly all the time allowed by law,
Mr. Campbell returned his answer to Mr. Val-
landigham's notice, and, in his own language,
gave him twenty-three specifications of the proof
which it was his purpose to make during the pro-
posed contest, when he said that he knew exactly
what he had to prove, and, of course, he knew
the sources from which the proof was to be had.
The contestant goes on and takes testimony. Mr.
Campbell also proceeds to take testimony, and
gives notice of the names of many witnesses. And
it is a remarkable thing that it should be forgotten,
