1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
by gentlemen on the other side, that Mr. Camp-
bell did examine thirty-seven witnesses.
The question now is, whether, after an experi-
ment is made, and the testimony referred to this
House, and compared with the testimony in sup-
port of the contestant'sclaim, the sitting member
should now be allowed to go on and try and im-
prove his ease? He gave notice that he would
take the testimony of certain witnesses, and lie
actually did take the testimony of thirty-seven of
them.
And there is one fact to which I would call the
attention of gentlemen over the way; and that is,
that not one of the witnesses on whose testimony-
Mr. Campbell now proposes to rely is named m
the notice given to Mr. Vallandigham. The wit-
nesses on whom he first intended to rely were ex-
amined, thirty-seven in number; and now, for the
first time, there if3 an allegation that other wit-
nesses are to be examined, whose testimony he
was not prevented from taking for want of time,
by whom certain facts are to be proved.
\Vithout saying anything further, this closes the
case, so far as compliance with law is concerned.
But it is further said, why did not Mr. Vallan-
digham waive his technical objection when Mr.
Campbell proposed this "mutual arrangement?"
I answer, that after that letter of Mr. Campbell
to Mr. Yallandigham, that gentleman could not
enter into any agreement with him. He (Mr.
Vallandigham) would stand by the law; and os
he stood by the law, so he would require the sit-
ting member to stand or fall by the law.
Hut let me turn to Mr. Campbell's letter. He
says:
•' Thne is. you arc doubtless aw,ire, a clause in the act
of Conqic^s prescribing the mode of obtaining evul< nee m
ot enntP^ted elections which piovule5! that no testi-
mony shall be taken after the expiration of si.uy day? liom
tne day on which the anpwei ol the icturned niembei shall
lie fcorvod upon tho contestant. I understand, howewi, that
the piaetiee of Congress under the act ha& been to regard
this piovisioti directory only; and to icceive and consider
te.-tiuiouy taken alter the tune limited, vvhi'iicvei a ju^t de-
termination of the contest seemed to requne it "
If that was his opinion, Mr. Speaker, why did
he not go on and take the testimony ? It will not
do to answer us that the contestant refused to
appear. The contestant had refused to appear
before that. All the sitting member's depositions
were taken ex parte, and without cross-examina-
tion. If that was the opinion that he entertained
of that clause of the law, why did he not go on,
take the testimony, and appeal to the House to
admit it, since he had not been able to take it
within the time strictly limited by law?
I hold that when a member of Congress is en-
gaged in public business, and especially when he ij
is engaged as chairman of an important commit- ;]
tee, he may claim fairly some consideration be-
yond that allowed to others. But he mustatleast
show himself entitled to it by a course of conduct
evincing desire and design on his part, not only to
comply with the law, but to lay before the House
the facts of the case.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask the gentleman if Mr.
Campbell was not absent, and did not apply for an
extension of time to take testimony the moment
the committee met after his return?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will answer the gentleman
by saying that I understand he was absent some
portion of the time; and that when he returned,
(which was, I believe, on Saturday, the IGth day
of January,) he appeared before the committee on
the next Monday, the 18th; and without then
asking any extension of time, he consented to go
into a reply to the argument that ha4 been made
by the counsel for the contestant tho week before;
and he fixed upon Thursday, the 21st, for that
reply. On that day he appeared with his counsel,
who went into the argument upon certain objec-
tions urged against the testimony taken by con-
testant; and before concluding the argument, the
committee adjourned to the next day, (January
22,) when the sitting member, for the first time,
presented Ins application for further time; and
then only in the alternative that the committee
should overrule the objections presented the day
before. This the committee refused to decide, but
required the sitting member to determine for him-
self upon the sufficiency of the evidence. But the
committee were also of opinion that it was his
duty to have indicated his desire to them at the
earliest opportunity in the session.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask the gentleman if the
testimony in the case was printed at that time? I
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not know; and I do not
care. I am told that it was printed about the 15th
of December. But it is a matter of no conse-
quence whether the testimony was printed or not.
The sitting member knew what was the substance
of it. I hold that when a returned member's seat
is contested, he shall not be privileged to hold on
just as long as he can prevent an examination
from taking place. If he desired additional time
in which to take testimony, it was his duty to pre-
sent his application on the very first day the com-
mittee was organized. I say that was the time
he should have made the application.
When did he present it? After the case had
been examined, after the argument in behalf of
the contestant had been heard, and after the argu-
ment in his own behalf had been partly heard. It
was not until then that his claim was presented,
and it was presented then in alternative. If the
committee decided against him on the merits,
then he wanted more time, and this application
was first presented on the 22d of January, as I
have already stated. If the sitting member has
had experience and has more accurate knowledge
of the rules of this House and parliamentary law
than almost any other member, as he is said to
have, he must have known that it was competent
for him to present the application before the com-
mittee at any time, and that the proper time was
as.early in the session as the committee had organ-
ized. He must have known that was the right
time, and why did he wait until the 22d of Janu-
ary, when si\" or .seven weeks of the session had
passed, and when the case had been partially
argued by the committee?
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine. I wish to ask
the gentleman whether the sitting member could
have made his application for further time m
which to take testimony before the memorial had
been presented <-md come before the Committee of
Elections m a printed form; and whether he did
not present it within two or three days of that
time, which was the earliest possible period when
he could have presented if?
Mr. PHILLIPS. The answertothat question
does not at ail embarrass me. His application
was not made for weeks after the memorial and
testimony had been printed. I would have had
him make the application at the time the memo-
rial was presented to the House, fie knew that
the memorial was to be presented; that it would
be referred to the Committee of Elections, and I
ordered to bo printed. He did not need to read
the memorial to know what it contained.
that is the time at which the new testimony is to
be returned; after the return, it is to be investigated
by the committee, and by the House, giving a fair
promise that the contest will outlast the present
session.
Mr. Speaker, I do not intend to say anything
about the merits of this contest. I can say, in
truth and sincerity, that I have made up no opin-
ion as to its merits; but, sir, I claim that this is a
matter of moment. It is a question of high im-
portance to the contestant; it is a question of quite
as high importance to ourselves, and to the con-
stituency of the district, that it should be determ-
ined speedily. I do not care for the propositions
made by these parties. I would treat them both
alike. While, on the one hand, I think the sitting
member had no right to ask for, nor expect, any
special indulgence from the contestant,at the same
| time I cannot censure him for not accepting the
challenge of the contestant to refer the matter
again to the people. [Laughter.]
But, sir, both these offers are outside the law,
and therefore not worthy of our consideration;
and this question should be decided at once and
properly, and the application of the sitting mem-
ber should not be granted.
Under ordinary circumstances a failure to se-
cure all the testimony would be the sitting mem-
ber's misfortune; in the present instance, if there
is such a failure, it is clearly his fault.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know whether the
message of the President of the United States
will come up next in order after this question has
been decided ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it will.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Housa (at four
o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 4, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Samtjel Register.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in pursuance of law, a statement showing
the expenses of the armories, and the number of
arms and appendages made and altered thereat,
He j I during the yearending June 30,1857; which was,
knew what it was, and to him it was a matter of j1 on motion of Mr. Gwin, referred to the Commit-
very little consequence whether it was printed or i1 tee on Military Affairs and Militia; and a motion
not. Justice to the contestant, and justice to
every member of the House, demands that this
question should be settled without further delay.
If there is to be any precedent drawn from this
case, 1 hope it will be a good precedent. I hope
the House will give an expression of their opinion,
that these cases of contested elections should be
settled at the earliest possible period of time. It
is not fair to the contestant, it is not fair to the
constituency of the district, and it is not fair to
this House, that the case should go undecided
through the whole session, or the whole Con- ii
gress. 11
Mr. Speaker, I have seen in this discussion no ''
good reason presented for this delay which is
asked for. I do not present it as a party question.
I will raise the same question upon my friends.
I am advocating a principle which I am willing
to have applied to myself, if I shall be placed in
the condition of the sitting member. I would
grant every reasonable indulgence to a member
of Congress thus situated. But, I ask again, has
the sitting member shown any good reason for
this delay m taking his testimony? He knew the
facts he expected to prove, and where he expected
to obtain proof; for he did proceed to take the
testimony of thirty-seven or thirty-eight wit-
nesses, and had given notice that he would take
the testimony of others; but he abandoned tho
idea of taking their testimony, and he does not
now express a desire to have the testimony of
those other witnesses. But he comes here with f . - :—,   - «   x .
an alternative proposition, that if the committee i" bureau, praying for compensation for services
decide in his favor, he desires no more testimony; jj performed as clerk; which was referred to the
but if they decide against him, then he desires to h Committee on Claims. _
take other testimony. Sir, I say that it is hardly jj Mr. IYERSON presented the petition of Ed-
fair for the House to prolong this contest until the jj ward Ambush and Robert Boston, employed as
15th of March, upon such an application, and yet S. laborers by the Court of Claims, praying aa&i-
by him to print it was referred to the Committee
' on Printing.
I He also laid before the Senate a report of the
! Secretary of War, communicated in compliance
! with a resolution of the Senate, showing the
| amount expended for the support of tho Military
i Academy during tho past year; which, on motion
| of Mr. Gwint, was referred to the Committee on
I Military Affairs and Militia; and a motion by him
i to print it was referred to the Committee on
| Printing.
| HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 81) to amend an act for
the rehefof Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and others,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY NEXT.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
uiect ou Monday next.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that the public lands may be
laid off in farms or lots, and granted free of cost
to actual settlers only, who are not possessed of
other lands; which %vas ordered to lie on the ta-
ble, the appropriate standing committee having
already reported on that subject.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
George W. Flood, a laborer in the topographical
