1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2§7$
Mr. IVERSON. The fact that it legislates, is
no argument to show that it is out of order.
Everything in the bill legislates. The proposition
is to apply the provisions of another law to par-
ticular officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment and substitute are in order.
Mr. GREEN. I take-an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr, GREEN. On that question I desire to
make one remark. I understand this amendment
to say that consuls and diplomatic agents shall
be paid from the date of their appointment, and
while they are waiting instructions.
Mr. IVERSON. It does not do any such
thing.
Mr. GREEN. Well, let it be read. I ask the
Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. GREEN. It is precisely as I construed
it, with one single exception. It does not date
from the time of the appointment, but from the
time they were waiting their instructions. The
law gives them their pay from the time they as-
sume their duties. There is a vast difference.
The law more than doubled the compensation.
In a little bit of a post down in South America,
which was $4,500, they made it $7,500. In Eng-
land, which was $9,000, they made it $17,500.
Mr. MASON. But it took away the outfit and
infit.
Mr. GREEN. They took away the outfit and
infit. Befote this law was passed theiewas an
outfit of a full salary, and an infit of half a salary.
Mr. MASON. And took away the allowance
for clerks.
Mr. GREEN. It took away nn allowance for
cleiks. The allowance for clerks is exactly now
as it was then. I join issue with the Senator.
Although it is a very small matter, I join issue,
for there never was under the law an allowance
for clerks from the year one in the history of this
Government down to this day. Secretaries were
allowed when they were named as such, but never
a clerk—never in the history of the Government.
When you passed this new consular and diplo-
matic bill, to the consuls you said: " We will
takeaway the fees for receiving ships' papers,
making clearances, presenting their manifests,
discharging the vessels, and the reshippmg of all
the cargoes, and so on; we will take away all
fees, and give you a salary." Consuls are not
diplomatic agents, and never have any diplomatic
power except under special instructions. Diplo-
matic agents had an outfit of a salary, and they
had an infit of half a salai y. When the new law
was passed, it more than doubled on the average
all the salaries, in doing which Congress said:
" We take away the outfit, we take away the in-
fit;" and the argument made in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and made in the Senate, and sanc-
tioned by both Houses, was that the whole amount
of expenditure would be less tinder the new bill
than under the old. Very well. Whether that
argument is right or wrong, I have nothing to
say about it. Here comes a proposition to change
the law, and say that their compensation shall
commence fioma time at which it would not com-
mence under the existing law. Although ltmay
be right—and on that it is not my privilege to
sneak, for this js a point of order—if you are giv-
ing them that which under the present law they
are not entitled to, you are making them a gra-
tuitous compensation, and it is a private claim.
That is my whole point. I have stated it, and I
will not extend it.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall not occupy five min-
utes.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question; whether the effect cf^either of these
amendments is strictly retrospective? It is meant
to bring persons within the law of 1K>6, who oth-
erwise°would not be within the law of 1856.
Mr. IVERSON. To some extent it is retro-
soecuve. 1 will state tne whole ease ii the oen-
ate will listen to me, and I will not occupy its
time five minutes, to show that the Senator from
Missouri is mistaken in the position he takes.
He says that this amendment proposes to give
salanes to diplomatic agents from the time they
received their appointment. It does no such
thing.
Mr. GREEN. I corrected that. I made that
statement first, and when the amendment was
read I changed it, and said from-the time they
were waiting instructions.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment provides
no such thing as that.
Mr. GREEN. Read it again, Mr. Secretary.
Mr.-IVERSON. I will explain.
Mr. GREEN. 1 want it read, and then you
can explain.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to its
being read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. The act of 1855, commonly-
called the Perkins consular act, provided, in the
sixth and seventh sections:
" Sec. 6. That no envoy extraordinary and ministevplen-
lpotentiary, commissioner, seeretaryof legation, dragoman,
interpreter, consul, or commercial agent, who shall, alter
the 30th day of Juno next, be appointed to any of the coun-
tries or places herein named, shall be entitled to compensa-
tion until he shall have reached Ins post and enteted upon
his official duties.
" Sec 7. That the compensation of every envoy extraor-
dinary and minister piempotentiaiy, commissioner, sec-
retary of legation, diagoman, interpreter, consul, and com-
incicial agent, who >hail, after the 30th day of Juno next,
ho appointed to any of the countries or places herein named,
shall cease on the day that his successor shall enter upon
the duties of his office."
There are two provisions which gave compen-
sation only from the time the minister reached the
place of his mission and entered on the discharge
of his duties, and the compensation ceased from
the time his successor caTnc and superseded him.
Now, the act of 185G, which was passed on the
18th of August, ]856, changes that provision,
and the eighth section reads in these words. It
reenaets one of the provisions of the act of 1855:
" That no person appointed aftei this act *SwiU take ef-
fect'*—
It is to take effect on the 1st day of January,
1857, by another clause.
—" to any such office as mentioned in the first, second,
thud, sixth, oi seventh sections of tins act"—
Embracing the ministers and consuls.
—" shall be entitled to compensation for his ^otvicesthere-
in, except trom the tunc when he shall reach his* pcM and
eiitei upon his offiu.il duhCc, to the time whoa he shall
cea-e to hold such office"—
Precisely as under the act of 1855; but here
comes additional legislation:
—" and for such tune shall be actually and nece^iuily
occupied m receiving his inductions, not to exceed thirty
dav*., and in making the tiansit between the place ot Ins
i evidence when appointed, and his po.>t of duty at the com-
mencement and teimination of the period of his official ser-
vice."
That is the law of 1856. Now, according to
that, a minister is entitled to receive his pay while
he is in the city of Washington receiving in-
structions, provided that time docs not exceed
thirty days, and is entitled to receive his pay
for the time necessarily occupied in making the
transit from his own home to the seat of Gov-
ernment to which he is accredited, and return-
ing from that country to his home m the United
States. That is the law of 1856, but it did not
take effect until the 1st of January, 1857. The
;! case in which I feel a persona! interest, and which
jl is embraced in the amendment I have offered to
;j the amendment of the Senator from Virginia, is
11 the case of the Minister at Mexico, Mr. Forsyth.
He was appointed in July, 185G, only a few days
. i before the passage of the act of 18513. He received
!i his appointment at that time. He was directed
li by the President of the United States to come
J here from his home in Mobile, Alabama, to re-
'| ceivc his instructions. He came here, and was
■! here at the very time of the passage nf the act of
j. 1856 receiving his instructions. He proceeded to
;j Mexico; at least, he attempted to go, but finding
< | no steam conveyance, the steam hue being broken
'i up between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, he was
detained until the month of October. In the mean
,! time the Government was compelled to send him
j| out by a revenue cutter because theie was no other
I conveyance. This amendment simply places him
in the condition of all the diplomatic agents who
! are effected by the act of 1856. It gives him pay
. for the time he was hero receiving his instructions,
not exceeding thirtv days, and gives him pay for
! the time he occupied in going to Mexico fi om his
I home, and will give him pay for the time he will
occupy in returning to the tinned States, neither
II of which he will be entitled to under ihcj act of
1856. The act of 1856 limits the pay, and says
any person appointed under it shall not have an^'
pay except so and so. It is not,therefore, a pri-
vate claim, because it gives compensation to him
for the time hereafter to be expended by him in
returning from Mexico, which, according to the
law under which he was appointed, he would not
be entitled to receive. Certainly it is competent
for the Senate to legislate on that subject, and, as
the Chair has properly decided, the question is
indivisible, and the whole amendment must stand
or fall as an entirety.- There may be some con-
sular agents affected by this provision; I do not
know who they are; but the act of 1856 exhibited
the fact that the Government intended to change
the act of 1855, and instead of cutting out minis-
ters from compensation for the time they actually
spent in going to and returning from the Govern-
ment to which they were accredited, it intended
to give them compensation for that time. Is it not
just that they should have it ? Why should they
be cut out of their salary for the time occupied
in going to the seat of Government and coming
back ? Why should they be paid nothing for the
time they were compelled to remain here by di-
rection of the President in receiving their instruc-
tions ? Is it not just and proper that they should
all be put on the same footing?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Georgia whether Mr. Forsyth is the only
foreign minister who was appointed between the
two laws?
Mr. IVERSON. It is the only case that I know
of. There may be one or two consuls; butlam
not aware that there are; and if so, there are only
one or two, which are unimportant; but I know
Mr. Forsyth is the only case of a minister. It is
simply to place him on the same footing, because,
although he was appointed before the act of 1856,
he did not go out to Mexico until after the act
was passed, and after the policy and design of
Congress as to the compensation was changed.
Mr. GREEN. This is a very plain and simple
proposition. The equity of the case that the Sen-
ator from Georgia presents, when he asks the
question, iS why should he not have as much as
others?" is not the point before the Senate.'The
point before the Senate is a question of order—is
it in order? The Chair says, " yes." I appeal
from him, with ail due respect, for I have a great
deal of confidence in the parliamentary skill of the
! present occupant of the Chair; but the very pre-
1 sentation ofthe case, as made by the Senatorfrom
j Georgia, shows it not to bo in order. When this
| minister was appointed, the law fixed his com-
pensafion-at a certain rate. Afterwards the iaw
changed it; but that iaw did not take effect until
1857, before which he was a minister. That is
all true. The proposition now is to make the law
of 1857 reach back and apply to his case, because
the equity of it is just as strong as 
Mr. IVERSON. But it reaches forward.
Mr. GREEN. Exactly. I understand both
sides of the question. One is future, and one is
retrospective, and all that is retrospective is ille-
gal in its application as a present amendment to
an appropriation bill. It is to grant a gratuity,
j Though it may be honorable,fair, just,and proper,
j yet why should you put the Minister to Mexico,
j m gi anting him what the Government owes him,
| on equity? It will not ^rant to David Myerlu
j what it owes on principles of equity; and if I-were
j to propose to amend, by adding to it that bill
which is here pending for the relief of David
1 Mycrle, 1 should get a thousand attacks all round
: the Senate; and yet it is equitable, it is just, it is
fair. This may be so; but it is a proposition to
1 relieve Mr. Forsyth, to give him that which un-
dei the present law he is not entitled to, to make
1 it reach back to a period at which it would not
otherwise apply without this law. As such it is
a private claim.
i So far as the future application of the law is
; coneenicd,as to his infit, his return compensation,
j it is a different question. 1 say nothing about
! that. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil there-
: of." That part of the amendment which is in
' violation of your rules, is in attempting to make
his compensation commence at a period at which
it did not commence under the law under which
he was appointed, and for that very reason I s*y
it is illegal, it is out of order, it is a private claim,
1 it is a gratuity. It may be just, it maybe proper,
, but it is in violation of the rule of the Senate. I
