1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William B. Draper;
which "was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
dr. george h. howell.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Dr. George H.
Howell; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
engineers of the united states navy.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of engineers in
the United States Navy.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that a private bill ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes. It is to relieve cer-
tain engineers. It is a private bill, general in its
details.
The SPEAKER. The phraseology of the bill
is that all engineers of the Navy of the United
States, &c. The Chair thinks it is not a private
bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Committee on Naval
Affairs directed me to report it as a private bill.
It is a law by which certain engineers are to re-
ceive certain allowances.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is sorry to differ
with the Committee on Naval Affairs. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a private bill with pub-
lip
Mr. FLORENCE. If the Chair will do me the
favor to read the second line of this bill he will see
that it is a private bill. It is to allow certain en-
gineers of the Navy for certain services.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it would be a very general law if it were passed.
Mr. FLORENCE. It would be ifit were passed.
But it is a private bill, notwithstanding. It is for
the relief of certain engineers of the United States
Navy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it cannot
be received as a private bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I defer to the opin-
ion of the Chair.
draper and holden.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of Nehemiah S. Draper and William Holden,
heirs-at-law of Mary Draper, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
admission op minnesota.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to give
notice that when the Minnesota bill comes up I
shall offer a substitute; and I now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to have it printed for
the convenience of members.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
hubbell's explosive shell.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to ask that the papers and
report in the case of Hubbell's explosive shell
may be printed for the use of the committee. The
papers are very voluminous, and it is almost im-
possible for the committee to consider them unless
they are printed.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is laboring under a slight misappre-
hension.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the gentleman not at-
tempt to correct nje till he has heard what I have
to say. I am such ail exceedingly good natured
sort of person that the floor has "been twice taken
from me to-day. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs directed me to ask that the House shall order
the printing of these capers, and that they be re-
roferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I think that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is laboring under a very slight
misapprehension about this matter. My under-
standing was that it was agreed that the question
as to the printing of these documents should be
postponed till the next meeting. It is a volumin-
ous document, and 1 see no necessity, in the pres-
ent aspect of the case, for having it printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania what his spe-
cific motion is r
Mr. FLORENCE. The Committee on Naval
Affairs directed me to report these papers to the
House, and asked to have them printed and re-
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] if that was his understand-
ing of it? I certainly did not so understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. These papers were
presented, and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. They were taken up by the com-
mittee, but were found to be so voluminous that
it was difficult to examine them, and it was sug-
gested that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
should rise in his place and ask permission to
have them printed. I did not suppose that any
report was to be made. I hope the request to
print will be granted.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does the gentleman from
Georgia want to raise a question of veracity be-
tween the gentleman from Ohio and myself? be-
cause, if he does, I will summon before this high
tribunal the clerk of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and perhaps I can bring up the record, too.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to understand the
point. My understanding of the statement of the
gentleman upon my left is, that the Committee
on Naval Affairs desires that those papers shall
be printed because they are so voluminous that
the committee cannot examine the merits of the
papers in their present shape. Is that so?
Mr. FLORENCE. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I have no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had the right conceded
to him by the committee to make application here
upon his own responsibility.
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot hear the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not intend to raise a
question of veracity between the gentlemen.
The papers were then ordered to be printed,
and to be referred back to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
adverse reports.
Mr. JEWETT,from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports on the following
petitions; which were severally laid on the table,
and their reports ordered to be printed:
The petition of Nicholas Fooks;
The petition of Lucinda E. Cuerton;
The petition of George W. Whitten; (
The petition of John Panghorn; and j
The petition of Robert W. Caulk. j
committee discharged. |
On motion of Mr. JEWETT, it was !
Ordered, That the Committee on [nvahd Pensions be dis-
elmrqed from the fuithci consideration of the respective
petitions of Mary Ann Walker, Nathaniel Fadden, omam
citizens of Pennsylvania foi a homestead bill, Eliplialet
Allen, and Joseph iUndeau, and that the same bo leteired
to the Committee on Public Lands; also, that said com-
mittee be dischaiged fiom the fuither consideration of the
| respective petitions of Tillah Fov, Theophiiu* Taylor, and
; Thomas Biooks, and that they be lelerred to the Commit- ,
I tee on Revolutionary Pensions. |
ELIJAH CLOSE AND OTHERS. j
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Invalid ,
Pensions,reported the following bills; which were '
respectively read a first and second time, referred ;
to the Committee of the Whole House, and, with '
the accompanying reports, ordered to be printed: t
A bill for the relief of Elijah Close, of Tennes-
see; !
A bill granting an invalid pension to William ;
Howell, of Tennessee; ;
j A bill granting an invalid pension to Conrad .
Schroeder;
1 A bill granting on invalid pension to Alexander
Ij S. Bean, of Tennessee; and !j
I A bill for the relief of Michael A. Davenport, j
1 of Illinois.
! COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
I On motion of Mr. JEWETT, it was ordered
1 that the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
I chatted from the further consideration of the pe-
| tition of Sally Libby, and that the same be le-
j ferred to the Committee of Claims.
! WILLIAM ALLEN.
! Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
I ported back a bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of
■ William Ailen, of Portland, in the State of Maine;
j which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
i House,and, with the report,ordered to be printed.
JANE RANDOLPH.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Jane Ran-
dolph; which was laid on the table, and. the re-
port ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.-
Mr. JEWETT, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, introduced the following bill;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed:
A bill extending the benefits of the pension
laws to certain widows and orphans.
mary c. hamilton.
Mr. ROBBIN3, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to continue the pension heretofore
paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of Captain
Fowler Hamilton, late of the United States Army;
which was read a first and second time, referred
i! to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
;| the report, ordered to be printed.
h collection district in new jersey.
|j Mr. ROBBINS, by unanimous consent, intro-
!j duced a bill to establish a collection district and
?ort of entry at Tom's river, Ocean county, New
ersey; which was read a first and second time,
:! and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
william bullock and others.
! Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on Tn-
! valid Pensions, reported the following bills; which
; were severally read a first and second time, re-
; ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
| with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
; printed:
1 A bill for the relief of William Bulloclc;
! A bill increasing a pension of Anthony Walter
| Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the State of Pennsylva-
i nia;
I A bill for the relief of Wright Fore; and
I A bill for the relief of Wyatt Griffith.
adverse reports.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the following petitions;
which were severally laid on the table, and the re-
j port ordered to be printed:
On the petition of Francis Carver;
On the petition of George D. Dillon;
On the petition of George Wever;
On the petition of Robert Jones;
On the petition of Avery Stoddard;
On the petition of Nathaniel Dickenson, jr.;
On the petition of William Long;
On the petition of Bartholomew Clovis Re-
! noix; and
On the petition of John Bonner.
! COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
' On motion of Mr. ANDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
! discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
' Ruth K Gardner, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
robinson gammon and others,
j Mr. CHAFFEE, from the Committee on In-
I valid Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were read a first and second time, referred to a
' Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
i! accompanyingreports, ordered to be printed:
j: A bill for the relief of Robinson Gammon;
;| A bill for the relief of Frederick Smith;
'i A bill for the relief of Phineas G. Pearson;
I A bi!! for the relief of Judith Nott; and
j A bill for the relief of John C. Rathbun.
j ADVERSE REPORTS,
j Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee,
! made adverse reports on the several petitions of
' Voucher Bonzinska and Ephraim Sharp; which
were laid on the table, and the reports urdeied to
be printed.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. CASE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported bills of the following titles;
winch were severally read a first and second time,
refcacd to a Committee of the Whole House, and
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of John Perry;_
! A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Hitchcock;
