1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
A bill for the relief of Shove Chase; and
A bill for ihe relief of Allan Smith.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, report-
ed adversely on the following cases; which were
laid upon the table, and the reports ordered to be
printed:
The petition of C. Melville Reeves;
The petition of Alexander jQnes; and
The petition of William Johnson.
Mr. CASE,from the same committee,reported
adversely on the following petitions; which were
laid upon the table, and the report ordered to be
printed:
The petition of Daniel Morse;
The petition of Mary M. Carr;
The petition of James P. Bullock;
The petition of Daniel S Chapman;
The petition of Richard W. Stockton;
The petition of William Israel;
The petition of Pliny Story;
The petition of Oliver Main; and
The petition of IVrrenee Kirby.
DOLLY BROWN.
On motion of Mr. CASE, it was
Or<1 etch That the ('onuniUee "r> Inud'd IVn-inn , hi1 dts-
o]!;utr'Ml i'tom the iinthei consul' < anon <>' the ivntion oi
Doily liiowu, ;i:xi Uuu tin- v.ttn.' br jvirji <'d to Jit' Commit-
tee on Revolution,uv IViimou*.
DAVID WATSON.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committer on In-
valid Pensions, reported a biff for the; rebef of
David Watson; which was read a first, and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, 01-
deied to be printed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. CHAFFEE. \ move that ihe Honsr te-
jsolve itself into a Commit U e of the Whole Hou.>e
to consider ihe bills on the Private Calendar.
Air. MAYXAHD. I hope theKeo.ae tn|!^ upon
the Speaker's table will be tiken up and refeired
to ihe appropriate committees.
The SPEAfCElt. All except (hose winch came
here to-day were referred on yesteiday; anil those
which came heie to-day have not yet been journal-
ized.
Tim question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself mto a
Committee of the Whole House on the Piivate
Calendar,(Air. Shf.umav, of Ohio, m the chair.)
BAUCLAY, LIVINGSTON, AJND OTHERS.
The CHAIRMAN. The first, bill before the
committee for consiueration is a bill (H, B. No.
'204) to refund to 1 iarelay, Livingston, ami others,
duties on certain goods destioyed by tire in the
city of New Yoik, on the 19th day of July, IS1.~>
The bill provide,-; (hat th<* collector of tin1 fius-
toms of the poit of Mew Yoik, the, naval officer
of the said port, and the dish ict attoi ney for the
southern district of New York, be constituted a
commission, without cunn ncauon, to ascertain
tho amount of duties pah! unon all -^nods, waies
and merchandise, destrovvd by fue m the city of
New Yoik, in unbioken and oi-.gina! packrt:>es,
as imported, on th<* of July, l^lo, and ihe
name or names and piaee or punvs of n sidence
of the seveial put Ue.s entit'i d, ;<s ov/ii'-rs, or their
legal representative to n crave or have refunded
to them the amount of the duties so pa.d upon the
.several parcels and packages of goods so de-
stroyed, pursuant to (he provisions of this act.
The bill then goes on to detail the mennerand
form in which these claims shall be adjudicated
and paid.
Pending the reading of the bill?
Mr. CRA.IGE, of North Carolina, said: Mr.
Chairman, it is evident that this is a bill of a pub- 1
he rather than of a pihate character, and I move 1
that it be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it be referred to the Committee of >
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is asclemlya
piv.ite bill as any that is upon the Puvate Cal- |
eoc'ur. iUs for the relief of certain individuals, ■
of a specific and identical character. It does not
meh:de tiurd persons.
j.\e' C'l! A [RMAN. The Chair will hear the
biil through, and then decide on the question.
Ihe 'oh v: re,id through
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Mr. Chair-
man, this bill is not in favor of all creation, but, it
is in favor of all the importing merchants m all
our cities, and is clearly as public a bill as any
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I understand private bills to be those
which are in favor of persons who are named. It
is true that this bill sets out by naming some per-
sons, (one or two,) but it then goes on to provide
relief for an indefinite number of persons not
named in the bill. It is clearly a public bill; and
I therefore move thai it be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it be refeired to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. ^
Mr. Chairman, it, is not the first time that this
bill has been here. It has been hero ever since I
have been m Congress, and I never before knew
it to be considered in a Committee of the Whole
House; it has always been considered as a pub-
he bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman, itia
very true that this bill has been before the House
before this occasion, and it is quite as true that as
often as it has been befoie this House so oiten
has it been passed by this Iloust ;and, if my m-
foimation is coriect, as often as it has been pre-
sented to the House jt has been considered in
Committee of the Whole House on the Puvate
Calendar So much, therefore, for authority and
pieeedeut. In rispect to the objection upon prin-
ciple which the gentleman makes, it is snnply
specious and plausible, with no foundation in re-
ality. That gentlemen may belong to a gentnal
class of business men is no obstacle to their being
considered puvate individuals. Will the gentle-
man pretend to ar^ue heie that because he is one
of a public body th< tefore lie is m no sense a pri-
vate individual, and that he has no private rela-
tions? And if h'j cannot and does not, can he
aii>ue that because these; gentlemen—nnpoiting
mere,Slants of New York-—are mduiduals of a
class, and as individuals of a class Mine here for
it hef, they must, therefore, be public characters;
as public a-; the class to which they belong ?
Air. CR VICE, of North Caiobna. According
to the gentii man's argument, then, (he bill giant-
ne; pensions to (eitain ollb i is and soldiers in
the war of the Revolution, and the bounty land
bill, would have beMi private bills. They pro-
vide lor a cla^s of persons just a-a this bill does.
These men belong to the class of importing mer-
chants. The distinction I make is, (hat a puvate
bill must contain ihe naint s of the pei&ons who
are to be benefited by it. This bill does lio such
thing, it refers to a class, merely.
Air. JOHN COCHRANE. Tins bill names,
distinctly and specifically, the petsons to be re-
lieved. Certain memos iah&ts picsent, their peti-
tion. A bill is introduced for their relief, and for
the lehef of no pesson el-v.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. Allow me to
cite a piecedent In the case of Staples, and
others, three individuals who had sufli red from
the destruction of their property by fire, were
permuted to join in one bill. That was in 1852,
and theie aie various bills of the same kind.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. So I have under-
stood the precedents to ba\ebeen all through the
proceedings of Congi' ss, from 1700 down to the
present time. Such bills have always been con-
sidered m this manner, and as appl-eations for
II hef by pi i vat e md it id mils. And, sn , if we are
to draw a line of distinction here upon a. hypothe-
sis of this kind, you nut obliterate the \\ hole line
of distinction, and consider that evi i y gentleman
who conns v, ith Ins associates before tins House
and ciain.s lehef, because lie belongs to a guild, a
profes.- am, or trade, must therefoie, {oisooth,be
considered as covered wait the publicity of that
guild, njofession, or trade, and consequently not
empov. ei,-d to ask for lelnf from a Committee
of the Whole House. Sir, there' a no leason in
such an argument as thw. On the conUary, if
pursued to its end, o' m.ui resolve itselt and us
m an absurdity.
I have butone more word to say in reference to
the remark-, of in? friend who has made this mo-
tion , and it is simmy that the papers indicate who
the lehef is bo, and vvhy it is asktd. Theoe pa-
pers indicate specifically the names of the individ-
uals; and because some fifty, sixty, oi seventy
individuals—and they private individuals—come
here fu<- p:mne reiicf, H is none the less a puvate
] matter because they are multiplied by numerals,
J and none the less private becausc the names of
! oiie, or two, or three, or more, are here to desig-
) natc them. Sir, there is nothing in the argument
of the gentleman from North Carolina. The pre-
cedents are with us, and I hope the question will
be taken.
i Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
1 tleman from New York, and the gentleman from
I Maine certainly did not understand my position.
I The precedents they cite have no bearing on the
; point. They cite specific cases where two or
| three persons are mentioned in one bill. The ob-
jection to this bill is, that it does not name the
i persons at ail. The gentleman from New York
j says that they are named in the memorial. That
; may be true, but they are not named in the bill;
; only two persons are named m the bill.
; Air. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman is
j mistaken, if he inclines to the belief that in my
J argument I yielded the point that the individuals
1 are not named in the bill. 1 meant to be under
stood that they are specifically named in the bill,
i Barclay, Livingston, and others."
Mr. CRAlGuI, of Noith Carolina. " Others"
is a very indefinite expression. It is like the word
sundries" in a merchant's bill, and may mean
1 anything or mailing That is the objection which
the gentleman does not seem to have understood,
; or at any rat", ho lias not met it fairly and square-
' ly. It is veiy true that private bills may have
1 been passed in which two, three, or fifty persons
have been tunned, but they must be named in the
' bill. But this bill merely says Barclay, Living-
. ston, and others," thus applying to an indefinite
! number of persons, and making it a public bill.
| Mr. GL/UlK 0. COCHRANE. This bill is
: made very definite by the language employed. It
' reads:
! u To je-ceitrun the amount of duties puul upon a!! goods,
! iviuis, and merchandise d'Mioyrd hj liu'm the cityot iVew
i Volk, in unbioken and orijimai package*, as imported, on
| the 1'Jtn day of July, Lc4.!j.*>
| Now, every man who had goods destroyed by
j fire m that port m unbroken packages on that day
| is included in this bill, and no other persons. Two
I of those persons were Messrs. Barclay and Liv-
ingston, and the others referred to are those sim-
ilarly situated, owning unbroken packages as pri-
vate property on that day, and which packages
were consumed by fire on that day. The lan-
guage of the bill makes it apply to a class of per-
sons, definite in their character, who owned goods
' in unbroken packages on a given day in the city
,: of New York.
|i Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Craige] is undoubtedly right in
j regard to the character of this bill.
:} Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will all this dis-
; | cussion bo taken out of my time ?
II The CHA iRMAN. The Chair supposed that
j I the gentleman from New York had yielded the
i! floor.
;i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. No, I have not
j yielded it. I shall insist on opening the discus-
i sion on the merits of the bill.
j| The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman will
!: proceed. The Chair supposed he had yielded the
'j floor.
j Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It has been
i; occupied by two or three persons sincc the gen-
, j tleman spoke.
I: Mr. STANTON". Do I understand that the
'i gentleman from New York chums the floor?
'] Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. T do.
i Mr. STANTON. 1 would be glad to know
1 upon what theory?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon the theory
n of a position upon it. [Laughter.]
| Mr. STAN 1'ON. Tin. - nticm.m tVom North
Carolina [Mr. CuaigeI took the floor, submitted
i a motion, and made a speech upon it. The gen-
: tleman from N-w York replied; and then hiscol-
■ league [Mr. Clark Jl. Cochrane] spoke. I had
1 no idea i was occuuj/nig the floor by the courtesy
!; of the gentleman from New York.
| The'CHAIRMAN. Tim Chair understood the
■! gentleman from New Yoik to have yielded the
: floor, and assigned it to the gentleman from Ohio
in the preliminary discussion.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
. is, that the gentleman from New York [Mr. John
, CoGuaAxn] mede a speech, and concluded by say-
' inir thai he had nothing more to ray at this time.
