1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2677
no one will fail to see it who will look at the
present condition of the Mall.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 30*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Digler, Broderick, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Tennessee, Polk,
Push, R<nd, Trumbull, and WiUon—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brown,
Cameron, Chngniari, Davis, Douglas, Duikee, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster,Green', Gwin, Hammond, Hayne, John-
son of Arkansas, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Rice, Sebastian,
Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade,
and Yulee—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move now
to strike out the appropriation of $750,000 for the
extension of the Capitol; and I call for the yeas
and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Give us a rec-
ord, gentlemen; do not be afraid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Nobody is afraid to vote
on these things; bat they have been voted on a
thousand times. There are a dozen records.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. A motion has
not been made to strike it out this session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But we have had a hun-
dred records about it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It will not
hurt to make another.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It will consume public
time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Others have
consumed as much public time as I have.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-sis. Johnson of Tennessee, Polk, and Pugh
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Bavaid, Bell, Benjamin, Biglor,
Bright, Brodeuck, Brown, Cameron, Clay, Chugman, Ool-
larnei, Crittenden, Davn, Duikee, Fc&s.mdrn, Fitel), Fitz-
paiu^k, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwin. Hammond, llailau,
Houston, Hunter, Iveispn. Mallory, Mason, Pearce, R«>ul,
Rico, ^ebas-tian, Seward, Simmons, Slide!!, Smart, Thom-
son of New Jei ey, Trumbull, V\ ade, Wilson, Wnght, and
Y ulee—43.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senate to allow the
vote to be taken on the amendment I offered with
respect to the fees of the Patent Office. I hope
the chairman of the Committee on Finance will
accept it. It has been already read, and 1 pre-
sume it will be unnecessary to have it read again.
Ii is understood by Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Does any Senator desire the reading of the amend-
mentJ
Several Senators. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Pec. —. Jind be ii further enacted, That so mncli of the
lav/- now in force a& fix the rates of the Patent Officc fees
are lnuebv lepeak'd, and in then sicad the following rate^
aie established • Gn filing each caveat, ten dollais ; on filing
each uuginal application"lor a patent, except tor a design,
twenty dollars ; and on the issuing of the patent, ten dollars
in addition: on evetv appeal from the examiners, in-ehicf
to the Commissioner, twenty dollars ; on eveiy application
for a patent for a design, fifteen dollars ; on eveiy applica-
tion foi the rei>^ue ofa patent, tlnity dollars ; on eveiy ap-
plication foi the extension ofa patent, lifty dollars ; on tiling
each disclaimer, ten dollars; lor all eoitifif'd copies, fifteen
cents per hundred words ; for recording every assignment or
other writing, of three hundred words or under, one dollar;
foi recoidmg evcrv alignment or other wntnig, overthiee
bundled and under one thousand vvoida, two dollar; for
recoidm? eveiy alignment or otherwiitiiig.il over one
thousand words three dollars ; for copies ot drawings, the
reasonable expense of making the same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will appeal to the Sena-
tor from Florida to withdraw Ins amendment.
We cannot discuss such an amendment as this
on an appropriation bill. Here is a whoie new
system for the Patent Office. If the amendment
is pressed, it will be but keeping us here uselessly.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator was not present,
I suppose, when it was before the Senate on a
former occasion. I presume there will not be ob-
jection to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody is against it.
We cannot act on it now.
Mr. Y-ULEE. I will not force it on the Senate
if that is the sense of the Senate;'I withdraw it.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third, time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. PUGII. I was one of a glorious minority
of three a while ago; and I am willing to be one
of another minority; and I call tor the yeas and
nays on the final passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 13; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bitter,
Bright, Broderick, Brown, Clay. Clingman, Davis, Douglas,
J'essenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot,"Foster, Green. Gwin,
Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, ATuiiory,
Mason, Pearce, Polk,Roid, Ilieo, Sebastian, Stuart, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Wright, and Yulee—35.'
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Doolittle, Durkee,
Hamlin, HaiJan, Johnson of Tennessee', King, Pugti, Sew-
ard, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—13.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills and joint resolution:
An act (H. R. No. 152) authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States, in conjunction with the
State of Texas, to run and mark the boundary
lines between the Territories of the United States
and the State of Texas;
An act (II. R. No. 300) declaring the title to
land warrants ill certain cases; and
A resolution (H. R. No. 26) authorizing the
arrangement and disposal of public buildings in
the city of Philadelphia. •
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No. 297) to
extend an act entitled "An act to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans," approved
February 3, 1852.
Also, that the House had concurred in the Sen-
ate resolution for the extension of the session,
with an amendment.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate pioceed
to the consideiation of executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 shall not object to that mo-
tion after we take up the Navy bill, so that wp
may adjourn on it, and thus make it the special
order for to-morrow.
| Mr. GREEN. There is a great deal of exec-
; utive business that we must transact.
I Mr. HUNTER. Let us take up the appropri-
i ation bill first, and then we can transact that
i business.
I The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to; and
i the Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, took
; up the bill (H. R. No. 199) making appropriations
I for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
i of June, 1859.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
andjomt resolutions; and they were signed by the
Vice President:
An act confirming locations of land warrants
under eoitain circumstances;
An act for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of Richard D. Rowland, deceased, and
! others;
i A resolution devolving upon the Secretary of
! War the execution of the act of Congress entitled
' "An act supplemental to an act therein nien-
| tioned," appioved December 22, 1852;
i A resolution for the benefit of the widow of
Commander William Lewis Herndon;
An aet to extend an act entitled "An act to con-
tinue half pay to certain widows and orphans,"
approved February 3, 1853;
An act for the relief of D. O. Dickinson;
An act for the relief of Samuel W. Turner and
Alonzo A. Turner;
An act declaring the titles to land warrants in
certain cases;
A joint resolution authorizing the arrangement
and disposal of public buildings in the city of
Philadelphia; and
An act to continue the pension heretofore
granted to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of the late
Captain Fowler Hamilton, of the United States
Army.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, I will agree to an ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. GREEN. I make that motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before that motion is put,
I hope the honorable Senator will allow me to
call up the resolution of the Senate fixing the final
adjournment, which has come back to as from
the House with an amendment, which ought to
be disposed of. I simply wish to say 
Mr. HUNTER. We can dispose of that to-
morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to say but a single
word. If Thursday is to be fixed as the day of
adjournment, it may guide us a little in the length
of time occupied in debating questions by fixing
it at once. It is very important to have the elate
fixed, so that we may remember it in the discus-
sion of questions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On a motion
to go into executive session, debate is not in
order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive, business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 3, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. W. H. Chapman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, containing estimates of appro-
priations for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
Pawnees; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
TITLE TO LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
bill (H. R. No. 300) declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases, which has been returned
from the Senate with amendments. The amend-
ments are merely verbal, except that the Senate
have inserted the words " or legatees" after the
word " heirs;" so th.it a will made by a person
entitled to a land warrant will pass the title to the
wai tant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that there are three bills on the Speaker's table
returned from the Senate with amendments which
can be disposed of in a very few minutes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules.
DELEGATE FROM MINNESOTA. 1J
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot now be Jj
entertained, as there is a privileged question pend-
ing. The business fir.->t in 'order is the consider-
ation of the report of the Committee of Elections,
on the right of W. W. Kingsbury to a seat, as
Delegate from the Territory of Minnesota; and
the pending question is the motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mi. Kelsey] to lay the
report and resolutions upon the table.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi will withdraw his objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have been en-
deavoring to get the floor this morning, because
I wish to present to the House what I think is a
privileged question, although I am not familiar
with the rules of the House. It will take but a
moment.
The SPEAKER. The matter now pending
before the House is a question of privilege, and
cannot be supeiseded by another question of privi-
le£re.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This proposition
would take but a moment. I am not disposed to
be captious; but I want it to be distinctly under-
stood that if I cannot have my privileges here, I
shall i nterpose objections to everything that comes
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is not in order.
Mr! KELSEY. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the Chair. I desire to know whether the
gentleman who has occupied a seat as Delegate
from the Territory of Minnesota, will retain his
seat as such Delegate if the resolutions are all laid
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The resolution referring the
subject to the Committee of Elections, provided
that the committee be authorized to inquire into,
and report upon, the right of W. W. Kingsbury
