1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
This, of course, lies over one day for consider-
ation.
Mr. PCTGH. [should like to propose an amend-
ment to the Senator, that he may incorporate it
in his rule, of which I am m favor: it is, that all
motions to print a document, or refer it to a stand-
ing committee, shall be likewise decided without
debate. If he will not accept it, I give notice I
shall offer that amendment.
Mr. FOOT. It lies over one day before it can
be taken up.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, in regard to
the seats of the Senators from Indiana. That mat-
ter, I suppose, is before the Senate on being called
up by any Senator,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the question which the Senator from Illinois has
called up is a question of privilege; and that it is
in the power of the Senate to make what disposi-
tion they may choose of it. The Chair thinks, |
as it is a question of privilege, it may be called up, |
as it has now been, by the Senator from Illinois; !
but the subject is under theconiiol of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report, then, being
before the Senate, I will state what I suppose to be
the facts of the case.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will permit me. Do
I understand the Chair to say that the question
is taken up at the instance of a Senator, or merely
that it is in order to move to take it up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the decision
of the Chair that it is in order for the Senator to j
call it up as a question of privilege.
Mr. PU(JII. Does it come up without a mo-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion to call it up,
J understand, brings it before the Senate; and
then the Senate can do whatever it pleases with
it, as a matter of course. It being; now before the
Senate, called up on my motion, I suppose I have
a right to state what the question is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. I suppose the Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to take up this matter as I
a question of privilege? j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks -
that is the motion betbie the Senate. j
Mr. COLLAMER. I will inquire whether the ,
calling up of a question of privilege is not the :
bringing of it beiore the Senate without a vote;
•whether that does not place it before the Senate ;
of itself? The Senate may postpone it, of course; j
but when it js called up, being a question of priv- 1
ilege, does it not stand before the Senate as a mat- !
terofcouise?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, upon '
reflection, considers 
Mr. PUGH. The Chair will pardon me for a
moment, as I wanted to make the objection, if the
Senator from Illinois had persevered in his prop- '
osition. 1 understand a question of privilege to .
be a question that any Senator may call for, but j
it is in the power of the Senate to say whether 1
they will take it up; otherwise it is the privilege j.
of one Senator to insist that a question shall be 1
heard against all the rest of the Senate. I never '!
heard before of such a question of privilege as
that. I understand that it is in order to move to !,
take up this subject, and that then it will have jj
priority over every other subject, if the Senate'!
choose to consider it; but I do not understand I!
that one Senator has the ught to insist that the ;>
Senate shall consider a subject against its will. !.
Mr. COLLAMER. There would be, if the
gentleman's view were coneet, no sort of differ-
ence between a question of pnvilege, oi a privi-
leged question, and any other question; because !
you can move to take up any question. To my
mind, there is a distinction. It is privileged here
—not that the Senate is obliged to consider it, be- t
cause that is subject to their own order; they may
fix a day for its consideration; they may postpone ■,
it; but it is not to be disposed of as an ordinary
matter; that is, we are not to have the question |
put on a motion to take it up. It comes up with- ■.
out a motion, if any Senator requires that it shall. I \
It may be a question when and how they will dis- '!
pose of it: that is another matter. j;
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot doubt that any Sen-
ator has a right to call up a question of privilege
without reference to other business; but after it^s
called up, it is m the disposition of the Senate like
any other question. That has been our universal
practice. We may postpone it if the exigency of
the public business requires; we may lay it on
the table. I gave, yesterday, the reasons why I
supposed this case ought not now to be taken up
until the Kansas message shall be referred, as it
will give rise to debate. That is the basis on
which I went. 1 think so still. I was somewhat
misapprehended by Senators on the other side as
regards the view which I took of the relative im-
portance of the two questions. I admitted,unhes-
itatingly, that if I did not consider the reference
of the Kansas message as an essential and vital
question, I should not be disposed to give prece-
dence to any other subject over this question of
privilege. But I do consider a question which, in
my judgment, involves the future of this Union, as
of higher importance, by far, than the mere ques-
tion of whether a Senator is, or is not, entitled, by
regular election, to a seat on this floor, where he
has presented his credentials and been admitted.
I consider the Union of more importance. As I
look at the reference of the Kansas message, it
presents itself to me m this attitude: the debate
which is going on is without any practical ques-
tion before the Senate; it is debate on the merits
of the admission of Kansas before it has been re-
ferred to a committee, or come practically before
us for our action. It is a debate for the purpose of
agitation, and agitation alone—agitation which I
consider perilous to the Federal Union; and there-
fore, if I can, by staying here any length of time,
or by waiving every other question, succeed in
having that referred to the appropriate commit-
tee, m oider that it may be brought properly be-
fore us, I, for one, am disposed to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not perceive any very essential diffeience between
the views winch are suggested on this point. It
is in th'1 power, as the Chair understands it, of any
member to say that he rises to a question of priv-
ilege. If the Chair decides that it is a question
of privilege, he calls the attention of the Senate
to it, and the whole matter is under the control of
that body. Pie will, therefore, state, that on the
call of the Senator from Illinois, the report and
resolution of the Committee on the Judiciary,
being a question of privilege, come before the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It being before the Sen-
ate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
pause while the Secietary reads the resolution,
and also the report, if desired by any Senator?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Chair have there-
port read? 1 should like to hear it.
The Secretin y lead as follows:
The ronnmuee on tlit; Jtidieiaiv, to whom was jeferred
the piote^t au.niM the election of ilio Hon. Graham N.
iYr< u :i!)d tlh- iion J h ^ -e 1) liRKiirr. as Senators, m Cun-
g. him the State ot' I milium, icjk.iI :
The committee find that the juotoN,the election of
the Hon (Jrui\,m ,\ . l'ir< u, a> a St mil or ni ('onjrie^ fjom
tile Alette ol Indian.!, w ere n ieried in (lie Committer on the
Judiciary on the Juihol J\ inuan. ; and on the -26th of
the Mone month a i evolution wit, icpoited by the commit-
tee. aurhonziny f e-iimonv to b'j taken, both hv the protect-
ant^ and fhe sitting menihet. The i evolution not bung
acted upon by the Senate at that se^ion. liom the prei-ane
of otlna busmen. the juoie-t-. v\eie .slmiu relened to the
committee on the <!rh oi Mai eh 1?M. at tue special session
of i lie Senate, and the sinic resolution, with a chyht amend-
ment, icportf d by the committee on the 13'hof the same
month, u inch bring taken up on the day it was, reported, a
debate endued.upon an amendmentoffeied by the lion. Mi.
TutMBCLL. of Illinois and the Senate havni'i on the ptevi-
ous d<u ie:-olved to adjourn, sine fhe. on the 14th of Mai eh, at
one o'clock, the sesolution icpoited by the committee was
oideied to he on the table. |
The piote^is against the election of the Hon, Ji:sse D. |
Biuoiit, u-' well ajranij-t the eh eiion of the lion Gra- !
ham N. Fitch.having been refened at the pie^ent ,ese.mn, j
and the object ions of the prote^ants and allegations of the !
siumy membeis being identical m both oases, the committee I
have adopted and iceummend the pa^ajre' of the rc.-oiu- j
tiori reported to the Senate by the committee at the special I
session on the 13th day of Match last, with such variation I
a-s is leqnwte to make it apply to the cases of both the sit- !
tins meinbeis, as follows: f
Rcsoh That m the ea«<; of the contested election of the ,
Hon. Gil * nor X. Fitch, and the Hon. Je^se 1). Bright, '
Senator iciuined ami admitted to their seats from the State |
of Indiana, the sitting member, and all persons protesting (
against their election, or any ot them, by themselves, oi j
their agt nt^ oi nuoi neys, be permitted 5o take testimony on [
the allegations of the pi-octant* and the sitting members j
touching ali matters of (act therein contained, befote any ;
judge ot the district court ot the United State*,or anyjmlge j
of the feupieme or euenit eouita ot the State of Indiana, by 'I
first giving ten days' notice nf the time and place of such
proceeding mi « public gazette printed at Indianapolis.
Mr. riALL. Let the minority report be read
also. It is very short.
The Secretary read the following report:
Views of the minority of the Committee on (he Judiciary
to vshora weie referred the jriQtt.it> against the ri«ht of
Graham N. Fifth and Je->se D. Hi ight to seats as Senators
from the State of Indiana.
The Legislature of Indiana, called the General Assembly,
is composed of a Senate of (my members, and a House of
Representatives of one hundred members, and two thuds of
each house is, by tiie constitution, requned to constitute a
quorum theieof. Each Hou-.e isdeclaredto be judge of the
election and qualification of its members, and required to
keep a journal of its proceedings. No regulation exists by
law m Indiana as to the manner in which members of tlie
State Senate are to be inducted into office. No law or reg-
ulation is there existing providing tbe tune, place, or man-
ner of electing United States Senators.
It appeais by the journal of the Senate of Indiana, that on
the opening ot the Senate at the meetiiigof the Legislature,
January 8,1857, forty-nine of the Senators were present, and
thai all the nevvly-eleciod members were dulv sworn, toak
their seats, and continued thereafter to act with the other
Senator till the clos-e of tbe se^-ion. The only absentee
Senator took his seat January 13,18a7. Protest^ wie filed
contesting the seats of thi ce or tbe newly clectcd members,
winch v\eie afterwards examined and considered by the
Senate, and they were each found and declared to be entitled
to seats, respectively, by majorities more or less numerous,
all which is entered upon and appears by the journal of said
Senate.
The State constitution makes it the duty of the Speaker
of the Hou*se of Representatives to open and publish the
votes for Governor and Lieutenant Governor in the pres-
ence of both Hoihck of the General Assembly. No pro-
vision exists by the constitution making such meeting or
pi eM'nce of the two Houses fi convention, or providing any
officers therefor, or authori/am; or empoweong the miihp to
tian^act any business whatever, except by joint vote, forth-
with to proceed to elect a Governor or Lieutenant Gov-
ernor in cascol a tie vote.
Roth I!ouve* bennrm x< «.sion, the Speaker notified them
that he should pioceed to open and publish the voces for
Governor and Lieutenant Governor, on Monday, the 12th
day ol' Janmuy, at hull pan two o\ Uk k, p. m., in tin; Hall
of the Sluice. Shoitlv before the hom armed the Pi evi-
dent oi the Senate announced that he would pioceed im-
mediaK.ly to the Hall of the Ilou^e of Representatives; and
fheieupon, togethei with micIi Senators a-, chose to go, be-
ing a nnnoiity of the whole number theieof, he repaned to
the Hall ot the House of Rej)ievetitatives. and there, in their
pieai nee, and m the presence of the meinbe is of the House,
the votes tor Governor and Lieutenant Governor were duly
counted and published by the Speaker, and A. P. Willard,
the then Pie«ident of the Senate,was declared duly elected
Governor, and A. A. Hammon, Lieutenant Governor, of
said State.
At the close of this business, a Senator present, without
any vote for that purpose, declared the meeting (by him
then called a convention) adjourned to the 2d ofFcbiuary,
18.')7. at two o'clock.
The .Senate, hearing of this proceeding, on the 29th day
of January, 18o7. as appears by its journal, passed a resolu-
tion piotestmg against the proceedings of said so called
convention, dt.-Uaiming all connection therewnh, or recog-
nizance theicot,and protesting ngam-t any election of Uni-
ted States Senators or other officer thereby. On the of
rehiuaiy, 16.77, the Piesidcnt of the Senate, with a minority
of us membeif, again attended in the Hall of the House,
and, without pioei-edina to any business, and without any
vote, declared the meeting (by him called a convention)
adjourned until the -1th day of February, !So7, at which
time the Pre.-ident ot the Senate, with twenly-four of its
members, went to the Hall nf the House oi Repie^ciitati vos,
and there they, together with sixty-two members of the
Hou-*e, proceeded to elect two Senator of the United States,
to wit: Graham n. Fitcii and Jesse D. Brioht, they each
leeciving emhty-three votes,and no more,at theirrespective
election-, twenty-tin ee of which votes were by membeis of
the Senaie.
Against the^e elections so made, protests by twenty-
seven members of the Senate of Indiana, and thirty-five
membeis of the House ot llepreson'atives of said State,
have been duly presented, alleg-ng that, m the absence of
any law, joint re^olunon, or regulation of any kind by tbe
tw o Houses composing the Legislatuie of Indiana, ptovid-
mg for holding a joint convention, it is not competent for'a
mmoiity of the members of the Senate, and a majonty, but
less man a quoium, of the members of the Hou-se of Rep-
resentative* of said State, to assemble together and make
an election of United State-* Senators.
Of the tacts as herein stated there is no dispute, as we
understand.
in.-, now alleged by the sitting Senators, respectively, as
we understand the eubbtanco of their allegations, in contra-
diction ot the Senate journal, that the three State Senators
whose seats were contested were not legally ejected and
qualified; that they were without the expressly-required
ciedentials, the certificate of the proper and only icturning
officer: and that they were, notwithstanding, directed to be
sworn in bv a presiding officer elms-en for the pmpoac bv
tue members of the Senate deMgnufwl as Republicans, for
the clear pui pose—illegal and fraudulent, in fact—of defeat-
ing an election of Senators of the United States.
Under these circumstances, we object to the adoption of
the le&olution for the taking of testimony to sustain these
allegations, because the said election of United States Sen-
ators, so conducted, is obviously illegal and insufficient,
and cannot be cured by any proof of the<-<  allegation'.; and
we insist that the Senate should now proceed to a definite
decision of the question. J. GOLLAiUJSK.
L. TRUMBULL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that before the
Senate adopt the resolution ropm-tod by the ma-
