ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
jority of the Judiciary Committee, they would
wish to understand what testimony it is that is to
he taken, and the points about which it is to be
taken. I know that it is exceedingly difficult to
get the attention of Senators to a question of this
character, and yet it is a question of very great
importance, vital to the organization of this body,
and vita! to the preservation of the Constitution
and the Union. I disagree entirely with the Sen-
atorfrom Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who says that
some other question is more important than that
of the organization of the two Houses of Con-
gress. I ask him how long he supposes this Gov-
ernment can last, if the two Houses of Congress
are made up, not of representatives legally and
properly elected, but of any persons who may
think proper to intrude into these Halls? I do
not say that here is an improper intrusion; I am
replying to the remark of the Senator from Del-
aware, who says some other question is higher
and of more importance than that of deciding who
constitute the Congress of the United States. I
say it is the most important question that can be
called up at any time, to determine who consti-
tute the rightful members of this body.
If I can get the attention of Senators for a few
moments to a statement of the facts of this case,
it seems to me that it can be speedily decided.
The minority report presents in a concise form
the facts, as we understand them, about which
there is no controversy; I wish to put this ques-
tion to each individual Senator: " Do you propose
to vote for the resolution reported by the majority
of this committee?*' If you do, you have some
reason for it. Will you be good enough, any
one of you, to tell me what it is r I ask any Sen-
ator on this floor, why will you vote for the reso-
lution to send to Indiana to take testimony ? Can
you tell me what it is about which you seek to take
testimony? You have the reports before you, lying
on your tables, and I challenge any one to show
what it is that you ask to take testimony about.
The resolution says, " on the allegations of the
protestants, and the sitting members." The al-
legations of the protestants and the sitting mem-
bers are not before you. The Committee on the
Judiciary have not reported them to you. Is any
Senator prepared to vote for a commission to take
testimony to ascertain who are the members of
this body, simply because it is asked, and upon
allegations about which they know nothing? The
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who has
brought m this report, has not thought proper to
state what the allegations are, nor what the issue
is between these parties?
The whole substance of this report is simply a
history ofthe transactions which have taken place
in the Senate, since the matter was first brought
to its consideration, and shows that the question
has been pending here nearly a year; thataques-
tion which should be the very first to be decided
by a legislative body has been left undecided for
almost a year, and during three different sessions
of the Senate. It was here at the regular session
of the last Congress. The Legislature of Indiana
was then in session; and after protesting against
the right of the individuals acting as Senators here
to their seats, through one of its legislative bodies,
they also sent on a petition asking the Senate of
the United States to settle this question, for it was
then pending as to one of the Senators, and it is
admitted to be identical as to both, before the
Legislature of Indiana adjourned, so that in case
it should be settled adversely to the sitting mem*
bers, the Legislature might proceed to make a
valid election. But, sir, the Senate disregarded
the petition, and although I struggled to get action
on it. and it seems, struggled to such an extentas
to subject myself, in the opinion of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Bright.] to an undue press-
ing of the case, I was unable to procure the ac-
tion of the Senate on that question.
A resolution was then introduced by the Judi-
ciary Committee, recommending the taking of
testimony, but the Senate declined acting on it
either oneway or the other. Now a similar res-
olution comes here, and, before it is adopted, ail I
w<5uld ask of Senators, is to look into the facts and
see what it is about which testimony is sought
to be taken. The facts being before the Senate in
the minority report, let me ask, is it possible that
any parol of testimony, can change or vary the
state of facts as therein set forth.
A Senator of the United States, as we all know,
is elected by the Legislature of a State. In the
l^iguage of the Constitution, " the Senate of the
United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State, chosen by the Legislature there-
of." They can be elected in no other way.
Have the Senators who present themselves here
been elected by the Legislature of Indiana? That
is the fact to be inquired into. They say they
have. We say they have not. How shall we
determine that fact? Is there any other possible
way to ascertain it than by going to the records
of the Legislature of Indiana, and seeing what
they have done ? We go to Indiana. We look
into her constitution. We find that her constitu-
tion provides that her Legislature shall be com-
posed of two branches, one called the Senate and
the other the House of Representatives. We find
that the Senate consists by law of fifty members,
the House of Representatives of one hundred mem-
bers. These are matters to be learned from read-
ing the constitution and the statutes of Indiana.
No parol proof can change them. We examine
the statutes of Indiana and the constitution of
Indiana, and we find there is no provision in
either for the election of a United States Senator.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that—
u The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regulations except as
to the place of choosing Senators."
Congress not having done so we must look to
the Legislature of Indiana to see if it has pre-
scribed a mode for the election of Senators. It is
admitted by the sitting members, and not contro-
verted any where,that no provision of law exists,
and that the Legislature of Indiana never has made
any provision for the election of Senators. Then
how is it possible, by parol proof, to show that
the persons claiming the seats are entitled to them?
They must be elected by the Legislature. The
Legislature has prescribed no mode by law. We
ascertain that by looking into the law; no mode
by joint resolution; we ascertain that by look-
ing into the journals of the Senate and House of
Representatives of the State of Indiana, which we
have before us. The constitution of that State,
like the constitution of most States, requires each
House to keep a journal of its proceedings. The
two Houses of Indiana kept such a journal, and
those journals do not show any resolution, any
joint action of the two Houses; or, I may say,
any action of eithei House for going into an elec-
tion of United States Senators. How, then, can
it be possible that an election has taken place?
We think this transaction cannot be varied by
any testimony that may be offered. But how was
the election effected? I suppose, from the facts,
as set forth in the minority report, which is made
up from the documents which were before the
Committee on the Judiciary, every one can see
how this election was effected. A majority of the
members of one House, that is, sixty-two out of
the one hundred members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and a minority of the members of
the other House; twenty-four out of the fifty
members of the Senate met together, and these
eighty-six men—without any resolution of the
Legislature authorizing them to meet together,
without any action of either branch authorizing
it—proceeded to make the election. Now, can
such an election be good? If the Senate of the
United States is prepared to assume thataminor-
ity of one House of a Legislature, and a majority
of the other, can get together on their own mere
motion, and elect a Senator, then the election of
these Senators is valid, and it may be settled now.
| If they cannot do it, it is impossible to make it
I valid by any testimony which can be furnished.
! The Judiciary Committee admit, by sending in
this report, that the title to the seats of the Sen-
ators is not good unless they can make it good by
parol evidence. They have decided, by submit-
ting this report, that some sort of evidence is ma-
terial to a decision of this case. I should like to
know what that evidence is. What evidence can
there be material to the decision of the right of a
member of the Senate to his seat; what other evi-
dence, I mean, than that furnished by the consti-
tution and the laws of the State, and the action of
the Legislature, as exhibited by its records which
it is bound, under its constitution, to keep ? There
can be nootherevidence,as I conceive; and,there-
fore, it is the duty of the Senate to proceed to de-
cide this case at once, it seems to me, without
sending out a commission to take testimony which
can have no effect on it.
I may imagine what is sought to be proven by
parol; and if I were to imagine it, I should sup-
pose an attempt is to he made to prove who con-
stituted the Legislature of Indiana. Senators, are
you prepared to go into that investigation? Are
you prepared to go into an investigation of the
title to seats of members in the State Legislatures
of this Union ? Will any one of you treat vour
States with such disrespect as to say that the Con-
gress of the United States shall supervise the or-
ganization of your Legislatures? Are you pre-
pared to do that? The Legislature of Indiana,
passed upon the title to seats of all its members.
They were judgesof the qualification and election
! of the members of their respective bodies, and
from their decision there is no appeal. The Sen-
ate of the United States cannot revise that decis-
ion. It is no matter whether they were legally
or illegally elected; it is enough that the proper
House in Indiana determined that they were le-
gally elected. That made their election legal, so
far as their action was concerned. It matters not
whether they did it fraudulently, or whether they
did it rightly; we cannot investigate the motives
by which they were governed in arriving at their
conclusion.
What is it, then, that is sought to be proved ?
The committee have not informed the Senate what
it is, and no man who votes for this resolution,
with this report before him, can state what the
point is upon which testimony is sought to be
taken. We have endeavored in the minority re-
port to show what we suppose is the point; that
is, that some three State Senators were not legally
elected and qualified; but that question, subsequent
to the election of the sitting membets here, was
tried and passed upon by the Senate of Indiana.
That body which met and set for some three
months and published ajournal of its proceedings
of nearly a thousand pages, during the latter days
of its session passed upon the contested seats, and
by majorities varying from six to eight, decided
that every Senator whose seat was contested, and
who protests against the right of these members
to their seats, was legally elected. Can you con-
trovert that ?
There ia an allegation that they were illegally
qualified. The journal of the Senate of Indiana
states upon its face that ehey were duly qualified.
Can you introduce testimony to controvert that
fact? If not,for what purpose is this case to be de-
layed, except it be for a purpose which the Senator
from Delaware hashad the candor to avow, and I
thank him for it—a purpose of settling by the votes
of the Senators from Indiana some other question,
before deciding on their title to seats. He assumes
that they represent the public sentiment of Indi-
ana Whether that be so or not, I cannot tell. It
certainly is a matter of very great question whether
j they represent the public sentiment of their own
! party to-day on this vital question threatening, as
1 he tells us, the existence of the Union. At most,
i they represent but the sentiment of that party.
; They do not represent the hundreds of thousands
of voters who are totally opposed to them, even if
1 they represent a majority of their own party. But
1 is that the test of the title to a seat in the Senate
1 of the United States, whether the individual who
j comes here represents the popular feeling of his
i State, or not? Has it come to this, that this body
1 is to be composed of men who come here with no
i other title than a claim not manifested by an elec-
| tion in the legal mode, to represent the popular
| feeling of their State? Why, sir, this assumption
' implies that it is better to have a misrepresenta-
! tion of the State than no representation at all.
; The Senator tells us that there will be no rep-
, rcsentatives from that State if the sitting members
j are denied their right to seats. Whether that will
! be so or not, I shall not now stop to inquire. It
| is enough for me to know that, if they are not
I entitled to seats, they ought not to occupy them;
and if they are, the cloud which rests over their
right should be dispelled, and they should occupy
seats here undisputed. The Senate of Indiana,
as a legislative body, has passed resolutions pro-
testing against this action of a minority ot its
members. Twenty-seven Senators have signed
a paper stating that they never have participated
in this election, declaring it to be void, without
the authority of law, without the concurrence of
