1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
the Government had received the duties thereon
upon the principle alone which sustains these
taxes upon merchandise, namely, that they have
entered into the consumption of the country.
Now, sir, in respect to the claimants who apply,
I will not detain the committee long upon this
point. It is simple, and may be unfolded in a very
few words. In the first place, we have the me-
morial of the merchants in 1850, the memorial of
the merchants in 1853, and the memorial of the
merchants in 1857. Again, we have, in 1848, the
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New York; and in 1856, we have the res-
olutions of the same body. All these papers, which
lie before me, are referred to as evidence that the
gentlemen who suffered by reason of this fire,
forthwith, through publicbodies and by their own
immediate agenciesand instrumentalities, applied
for the relief which they supposed the law would
afford them. I will detain the committee but a
very few moments in directing their attention to
the substance of these memorials.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I would like
to inquire of my colleague whether, under the act
of March, 1854, these parties could not obtain re-
lief?
Mr. JOIIN COCHRANE. As I said before,
not in rcspcct to duties paid on merchandise that
is not comprehended within the designation of
" liquors " The duties of that part of the mer-
chandise which was liquor, have been refunded
under the act of 1854; but in respect to the bal-
ance, namely, $300,000, speaking m round num-
bers, there has been no relief under that act. But
all the merchandise—whether liquors, dry goods,
or whatever else it6may have been—upon which
duties had been paid, was in the same category
of right under winch its owners camc here for
relief.
As I was saying when I was interrupted, I will
direct the attention of the committee, in brief, to
the language of those public bodies which have
applied by memorial for the relief demanded. Said
the Chamber of Commerce in New York in 1856:
Whereas*, it appeals byiecent proceedings and debate's
in the Jioube of Representatives of the Untied States, upon
a hill to remit duties paid on goods de>tio\ed by lire m die
original and unbiokcn packages an imported, that eironeous
statements have heen made picjudtciai to the bill, and
therefore emiangei ins* u> parage; and wheieas, the pi nit i-
pal benefits to accrue from said bill will nunc to the busi-
ness community of this city, the large majoniy ol the claim-
ants oemg Millerer* by the Hie which occiured tn tins city
in July, Jnlf>, v\ inch involved a lod«, including building and
property of every description, of about live million doll,us ;
and whereas, from the be-,t information laid before u-> and
obtainable, it appears that the aggtegateoi the claims for
the return of the duties on cjonds so destroyed in their ori-
ginal and unbroken package* never exceeded the sum of
about four hundred thousand dollais; and whereas, the
chum* still remain in the iiaiuh of the metchanrs. the
fercrs, and original elaunant>, or the insurance companies, !
to the extent of the insurance paid : Therefoic,
Be it resolved by the Chamber of Commerce oj (he eihf of \
JSFew York, That the delegation m Congress from the State 1
of New Voik, and especially those lepresenting this city, !
he, and they are hereby, respectfully requested to us<e eveiy |
cjfToit to sccuie the pa agc of'a bill for the lefuudmg tin* ;
duties paid on goods destioyed, as before recited, and to
repel, as incorrect, any r^aicment conflicting with the facts
as set foith m the pteamble to tins lesolution.
Resolved, That a copy of the (oregouig be transmitted to
each of the Representatives m Confess ftom tins city, and
to each of the Senatois fiom the State of New Vork.
Adopted at a special meeting held July 14, l^jf).
By order of the Chamber. X* PERfT, J'mulent.
Edward C. Bogert, Secietary. \
Mr. KELLY. What evidence lias my col- !
league that the Chamber of Commerce is in pos- '
session of the facts there stated ? ■
Mi'. JOHN COCHRANE. AH the evidence T
have is this paper, signed by the president and .
secretary of the Chamber, and attested by its seal, 1
reciting these facts; and 1 believe that that which '
they say they know to be true is true. i.
Mr. KELLY. Does my colleague know whether ^
they ever took any evidence m this case or not? j;
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have no knowl- ,
edge of the action of the Chambei of Commerce
upon this or any other subject; but 1 rcceive their 1
certificate, regarding its asseverations as true.
Mr. KELLY. Does the gentleman regard any- ,
thing emanating from the Chamber of Commerce, '
whetlu r substantiated by evidence or not, as proof ^
which is to guide him in his action in this House J 1
Mr. JOJ L\ COCHRANE. In reply to my col- j;
league I respectfully say, that I most assuredly •'
arid unequivocally would, provided that I was sat- "
lslied that the Chamber of Commerce, or those
- -ho ,r Mj'ic: :4, b.vl h.td ?!) npp jrtuniH '"d" k^ru-
ing and examining a subject which so nearly con- i
cerns them, and with which they are so intimately ■
connected as that relating to the amount of duti-
able merchandise imputted into the city of New
York.
Mr. KELLY. Whatevidoncc has my colleague
that these claims arc now in the hands of those
who were ongmal'y entitled to thorn5
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I was coming to
that point; but because my colleague has asked
me the question, 1 will reverse the order of my re-
marks m that respect, and answer his inquiry
here. The evidence which I have is furnished by
a paper signed by importers of New York, and
which I will now read. It is as follows:
The undesigned, mipoiting merchant* of the city of New
York, intended m a letnrn of the duties paid by us on
goods de.slro\cd by fue in this city on the 19th Julv, J84.">,
observe with regiet the etroneous statements of I he amount,
of oui claims, and the o.bet causes winch have interposed
to delay the leturn of said duties, and benr j^ue tn state •
That we have not p.ufed with out claims, nor are. we
aware that any ot the original claimant* have sold oi as-
signed any of said claim*.
Tlie amount of the original claims was-, as near as we can
i ascertain, about .$'400,000. This Mini has been mateitaUy
| reduced bv a patii.il return on hquois, under a subsequent j
[ conjunction of the Dopattment, and will be still futibei 1
i reduced by the exclusion of insured goods and nic-uiance ,
1 companies, as ptovided for in the bill now before the Iloi^e ;
I of Repre? entativcs. j
j The aggregate of the claims for the port of New York, ;
! should th.it bill become a law, will not exceed, m our opm- '
! ion, ^OOjOUO.
I We respectfully uige upon the delegation in the House
| of Representatives from tins city, and upon Congic-s, the
piopncty of our claims, and earnestly ask the passage of a
law tor our lehef.
Barclay & Livingston; Herckenroth 5c Van Damme, per
attorney, (3iist. U. Schneider; Dutilty & CoiiHueiy, by
Eugene Dutiity; Noel & De Omncy", by He I'ouiVy &
Noel, attoi neys ; Hutchinson &• Tiffany 5 Ceo. W. Shields
& Co., for Buttertield & Fi-he ; Fied. Butterfield ; P. P.
11 llemieqnin & Co., attoi ney, Ilourdeym ; A. Woith-
I ington , l-hnest Fiedlei, by T. W. Scan/, allot ney ; Faber
! & Bierwirth, by Leopold Aietwirth ; lWubold & Cruft ; 1<
> I). Morgan h Co.; JVibcock & Co. ; ScluageL'-inns ; ()cl-
! iichs 5c Ktugei, by Ivlwm A. UcIucIh; H. L. Routh &
j Sons; (Uto Win. Polhtz. by \Vm II \\V^f<>tv< If. attor-
, nev , John i>. La^ala Sc. Co., Wilson \Y. Snion , Meyer
Slucken ; Ciocker &■ Warien.
J Ni;w Voiuc, May't, hs">6.
j Mr. IIOA11D. I desire to ask my colleague, ;
I whether these goods were m th v possession of the ■
1 C-rovernment, or were mi the merchants' stores at ;
! the time they were desirov-dr
| Mr. JOEiN COUHUIANE. In answer to the j
inquiry of my colleague, i reply, they were not
1 in the possession of the Government. They
j were not m Government warehouses: for at tiint
j time the warehousing system did not exist. The
| warehousing act went into operation m 18'Jli: and ,
-this fire occurred in July, IHlo. Hut ahh-uigii
i they were 111 the local possession of the merchants
■ —within then* private warehouses—yet constnict-
1 ively, they weie in the possession of the Govcrn-
1 ment. They wciein unbroken pae,ka:;es, and the
i Government had still a right and contingent claim
| upon them. These proceeded from a possible duty
i to he performed hi fuluro by its oIHcims, 111 con-
ji struetive joint possession Willi the importe ; for, .
!|as I stated before, under the law, the meichant ;
|: having ihc unbroken package in his waiehonse,
j| had the right,at anytime within three years after :
■( importation, to claim from the Government a 10-
! turn of duty, or debenture, on exporting what he
: had previously imported.
1 Thus much for the inquiry of my colleague,
[Mr. Hoard.] New in reply to the inquiry of my
| friend and colleague, [Mr. Kelly.) Suppose, sir,
; that these claims do not continue to the hands of
| the original claimants; suppose that these import-
ers had been ruined by that fire; suppose that this ,
! Government, thrusting its arm into their pock-
; ets, and retaining what did not belong to if, and .
j to which it iiad no more claim than the highway- ;
man has to the property which he seizes under
I his "stand and deliver;" these men, thus suf-
, fering, had been reduced to poveity, and parted ,
' with their claims: is that any reason why this
Government should not make the wrong right r Is
it any reason why gentlemen should stand here
and say, " we have had your property, and hav-
ing enjoyed its use now for thirteen years, prin- |
cipal and interest—having rolled up from $600,000 ,
to $1,100,000—we refuse your prayer for relief?"
Or, sir, are gentlemen to be justified in the posi-
tion, because poverty may have overtaken these ■
men, or because they may have believed the Gov- >
ernment unjust, and that it would not refund
these duties paid,and thmfor: paH-.d virh their
claims, that the wrong shall not be remedied, and
that the right shall continue to be oppressed ? J
claim no favor for tins bill, but I demand that you
do justice. I ask 110 man to vote for the bill who
would not be ashamed if lie voted against it.
I have not yet arrived at the end of the dis-
cussion of this question, but I trust that even the
doubters will be satisfied, at last, that the facts
contended for are amply sustained by the evidence
• and supported by law. Sir, I have stated before,
that the principle on which we come before Con-
, gress and ask it to do justice in the premises is,
that the goods on which these duties were paid
had not enteredinio the consumption of the coun-
try. I also referred to the legal principle that
, assessments and taxes, as duties, have always
been imposed upon merchandise in reference to
the fact that it has entered into the consumption
of a nation, thus conducing to its general welfare.
That this is so, I cite to you the remarks of Judge
Woodbury, which constitute the opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United States, m the case
of Brune vs. Marriot, collector of Baltimore, (9
Howard's Reports, page 619.) Mr. Justice
. Woodbury, in that case, says:
" We have no n«ht to a^e^s here what does not exist
here. The collection of revenue on an article not exiting
: would be an anomaly; a mere fiction ot" law is not to ho
. countenanced not leqmred to enforce just lights.
*c Whete a poition of shipment docs not atuve, it cannot
be raxed 011 any ground of law. or tiuth and ptopriety. Such
is the cas>e of a portion being lost at sea, thrown ovciboard,
or ivhen consumed by fire or 'natuial decay—natural or arti-
ficial causes; in either ease it cannot be assessed."
Here you have the law of the supreme judicial
tribunal of the United States. If gentlemen wish
; to sit here, intending to review that decision; if
| they wish to sit here for the purpose of question-
ing the judicial authority of our highest jegal tri-
1 bunal, they may do so; but they will do it without
argument, and only when deserted by reason.
The court in that case proceeds further 10 say:
j '• To add to nich unfortunate looses the burden of a duty
J would be an uncalled for aggravation ; would be adding
1 cm ity to lm.sfortune, and not justified by any hoursd reason.
! Duties Miouid not be exacted on what ^ lo&i, much les* on
■ what never enteied into the use of the community."—Ibid,
1 page 034.
1 I direct the attention of gentlemen to this point;
| and if there be 110 other reason—and there are
fifty others—this should dispose of the question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
■ a question
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly.
Mr. CLRMENS. I have looked into that case
in Howard,ond it serins fo me that the point the
gentleman now assumed is untcnahl" under tfie
principle of that case. The position taken by the
coiut was, that itw.'S not competent to tax an
aitiele which did not exist. If I understand this
caso, these good* were delivered over to the mer-
chants—th'^y were in their hand*; and they can-
not come before this botlv,aod take advantage of
then* own negligence. It, was th* lr duty to insure.
[A. Voice. " They did insnie ''J Very well; the
insurance companies cannot come before Con-
gress under the £iuse of these original parties,
and claim from Congress wiiat they were not en-
titled to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There was a fur-
ther duty which the gentleman might have enu-
merated in hia catalogue of duties, which duly
would peihaps have heen as obligatory as those
whi'.h he has mentioned, namely: that it should
, have been the du'v' At the fire not fo have burned;
i that tbeowner sho-ud have so stored his property
that if could not possibly have suffered. Now, if
the gentleman can show that there was a neglect
: upon the part of the importers, 1 will yield the
, whole argument. But when the property is stored
' where the Government directs it to be stored, and
is caiefully kept there until destroyed by act of
, God, will the gentleman from Virginia rise in his
' place, and say that it was the duty of the mer-
chant to forbid the advance of the fire? The gen-
tleman mistakes altogether, although he has looked
into the ease I cited, the whole scope and bearing
' of the opinion; for the court puts its decision not
, upon the ground that duties cannot be levied upon
■ what doe.3 not exist, but upon the ground that
duties cannot be exacted upon a portion being
lost at sea, thrown overboard, or when consumed
by fire or natural decay. Does the gentleman feel
the force of that fire—a consuming fire that de-
stroys the position of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, a=. the fue 'jf IS 15 il-jstrjyed the for
