2678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
to bis seat upon this floor as Delegate from that
portion of the Territory of Minnesota outside of
the State limits, and that in the mean time no per-
son should be entitled to occupy a seat as Dele-
gate from the said Territory. The Chair is of
opinion that when the committee submitted a re-
port to the House the proviso ceased to operate,
and the Chair, following the precedents, without
intimating whether the Chair thinks the prece-
dents right or wrong, would recognize the Dele-
gate from Minnesota.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Then I hope
tlie motion to lay on the table will he withdrawn.
Mr. KELSEY. Under that intimation from
the Chair, I desire to withdraw the motion to lay
on the table, and demand the previous question,
■which, I suppose, would bring us to vote firston
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hughes,] then on the proposition of the mi:
nority of the committee, and then on the resolu-
tion of the majority.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I renew the motion
to lay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the Chair to say that if the report and resolutions
are laid upon the table, the Delegate from that
country out there, who recently represented the
Territory of Minnesota, will be entitled to a seat
upon this floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would recognize
him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Believing that
there is no Territory 'here which can be properly
represented in this House, I hope the resolutions
will not be laid on the table.
Mr. CURTIS. If we lay this subject upon the
table, wilt the Chair recognize Mr. Kingsbury as
Delegate any longer than this session?
The SPEAKER. Following the precedents
upon the subject, the Chair will be under the ne-
cessity of recognizing him till the close of this
Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. What will be the effect, if
the subject is not laid on the table, but the reso-
lutions of the majority and minority are voted
down ?
The SPEAKER. That will leave the report
still before the House, and it will be competent
to offer any resolution disposing of the subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. In that case would the Chair
still recognize the Delegate?
The SPEAKER. He would; because the ac-
tion of the House upon the subject would be neg-
ative, and he would be compelled to follow the
precedents upon the subject.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Would the
Chair regard the action of the House, laying this
subject on the tabic as equivalent to declaring that
Mr. Kingsbury was entitled to a seat >
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
what would be his ruling in that contingency.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Has the pre-
vious question been called?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the first question
is on the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane] to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I hope that
motion will not prevail.
The SPEAKER. There are two motions pend-
ing, neither of which is debatable. The Chair
cannot indulge the discussion any longer.
Mr. LETCHER. Was the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York received ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it still pending ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw the motion
to lay on the table. I think the House ought to
decide this matter one way or the other.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the Speaker
to say, that if the subject should be laid on the
table he would recognize the Territory of Min-
nesota as an existing territorial organization, enti-
tled to a Delegate, and that he will treat the sitting
Delegate as the Delegate for this Congress. That
is all I desire to accomplish. I do not care which
gentleman sits here as Delegate, and I hope, theie-
fore, that the report will be laid 011 the table.
Tile motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to offer an
amendment to the resolution under consideration.
The SPEAKER. An amendment would not
be in order while the demand for the previous
question is pending.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not desire to
occupy many minutes in discussing this question.
The report of the committee presents nearly all I
desire to say in respect to the right of Mr. Kings-
bury to a seat upon this floor as Delegate. I only
desire to make a remark in reply to some of the
views presented yesterday. They were rather
statements than arguments. In the first place it
is contended.by some gentlemen that the admis-
sion of a State formed out of apart of a Territory,
abrogates or repeals the law organizing the Ter-
ritory. Such has not been the practice under this
Government heretofore.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
inquire of the gentleman from Illinois, whether
the gentleman now claiming a seat lives within
the Territory which he now proposes to represent?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have already re-
plied to that question once; but I will answer
again that I do not know and do not caie whether
he lives there or not—all I know is, that Mr.
Kingsbury represents upon this floor, and has
from the commencement of this session, the Ter-
litory of Minnesota; that the Territory of Min-
nesota does still exist; t]iat it is so recognized by
the Executive, and so recognized by the prece-
dents which have been settled by this House, and
it is not now questionable whether we can annul
it by withdrawing the Delegate from this floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The honorable gentle-
man from Illinois does not answer the question
as propounded by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee. I understood, in the course of certain
statements made yesterday, that neither of the
gentlemen now claiming seats as the representa-
tives of that part of the Territory of Minnesota,
outside the State limits, has resided in that part
of the Territory. If 1 am misinformed on this
subject, I shall be glad to be corrected by any
gentleman now present. I see one gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Cavanaugh] in his seat, and
perhaps he can give us information on the sub-
ject.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I can meet the
whole inquiry in its length and breadth. At the
| time the Delegate from Minnesota came here there
! was 110 State of Minnesota, and a residence in any
j part of the Territory was sufficient. The admis-
sion of a State formed out of a part of what then
constituted the Territory of Minnesota, leaves it,
111 my opinion, a matter of election of the parties to
recognize their residence in whatsoever part they
please. Such has been the precedent heretofore
in similar cases. I think the precedent is a correct
one. It does not matter whether the parties lived
inside of what is now the Territory of Minnesota,
or in what was the Territory of Minnesota when
they were elected. They were elected by the peo-
ple of the whole Territory; they have the right to
represent the people of the whole Territory, and
the right to represent the people of each* part of
the Territory; and so long as a part of the Ter-
ritory exists in its territorial condition, under the
act organizing that Territory, it 13 entitled to be
heard in this House by a Delegate here. There
is nothing m the law creating the Territory, or
m any law that I have seen which requires that a
Delegate should be a resident of the Territory
from which lie comes. The law simply provides
that the Territory shall be entitled to have a Del-
egate in Congress. Such an opinion may have
existed by analogy supposed to exist between the
requirements in respect to a Territory and those
of a State. But, sir, there is no reason for such
analogy, and .such a requirement has never been
made by any law of Congress. It would not be
competent, 111 my opinion, for the House to un-
dertake to put such a construction upon the law.
Mr. LETCHER. I know nothing about the
facts in the case; but I desire to know whether an
election was ever held in the Territory outside of
the State limits for a Delegate to Congress ?
Mr. HARRTS, of Illinois. I will reply to the
gentleman that an election was held on the 13th
of October last, a day fixed by law for the elec-
tion of a Delegate to this House from the whole
Territory.
Mr. LETCHER. That was under the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, as it" then existed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. CJnder the territo-
rial law of Minnesota.
Mr. LETCHER. And, under that law, the
people outside held that election for member of
Congress.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The people outside
voted for a Delegate to Congress; and they voted
outside, as well as inside, the State limits.
Mr. LETCHER. "What was the state of the
vote as between the two ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is not given in
its aggregate. The certificate of the Secretary of
the Territory, which was read yesterday, shows
that the vote was two hundred for Mr. Kings-
bury ; and there is a written statement of another
officer of the Territory, who resided on the Mis-
souri river, outside of the State limits, showing
that Mr. Kingsbury received the entire vote of
the precinct where he voted.
Mr. LETCHER. "Was that in Dacotah or
Minnesota?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It was in Minne-
sota. We do not know such a Territory as the
Territory of Dacotah. It was outside the State
limits of Minnesota, and in what is called Daco-
tah.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did not the
other party receive votes outside of the Territory;
and a larger number than Mr. Kingsbury ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is stated that Mr.
Fuller did receive votes outside of the Territory.
The number of votes he received I do not kuow;
nor can it be said by any one upon this floor, so
far as I know, that Mr. Puller received more than
Mr. Kingsbury, or Mr. Kingsbury more than Mr.
Fuller. The votes which were cast for Mr. Kings-
bury were cast in conformity with law, before the
proper officers authorized to receive them, and to
make the returns. They did make the returns to
the proper officer. They were canvassed by the
Governor, the Secretary of the Territory, and the
officers appointed to canvass the votes. The re-
turns were made; and Mr. Kingsbury was de-
clared the Delegate from the Territory. He came
here under the operation ofthat law, and the result
of the election, and occupied a seat without ques-
tion until the admission of the State. It is en-
tirely unnecessary to inquire into the numbeY of
votes Mr. Puller received, because he received no
votes cast in conformity with any existing law.
There is no certificate from the functionary au-
thorized to send certificates of election to this
House that he ever received a vote. A paper was
read here yesterday purporting to be from the
President of the Board of County Commissioners
of Midway county, Dacotah Territory, stating
that Mr. Fuller had received a certain number of
votes. It was verified by a seal of Dacotah Ter-
ritory, or a picture representing it. There is no
such Territory as Dacotah Territory; and the very
fact that these officers, who assume to be return-
ing officers, attached to their seal a territorial des-
ignation, which does not exist by law, unknown
to law, is a piece of presumption and a piece of
impertinence which ought not to be recognized for
a moment. There is no such Territory as Daco-
tah; and it is time enough to receive certificates
from officers of the Territory of Dacotah, when
such Territory is organized.
Mr. WILSON made a remark here which was
not heard at the reporters' desk.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Whatever officers
there are outside of the present State of Minne-
sota hold their offices by the appointment of Gov-
ernor Medary, as the Governor of the Territory;
all the justices of the peace, all the executive offi-
cers, except, perhaps, m this county of Midway
where there may have been an election for offi-
cers. I do not know how that is; it is a matter
of no sort of consequence. They seem there to
lmvc gotten up, for their own uses and purposes,
a Territory which they call the Territory of Da-
cotah, and they want us to recognize it, when, in
fact, the law recognizes the Territory o£ Minne-
sota, extending over and operating upon that very
Territory. I prefer to follow the directions which
the law gives, and to recognize the Delegate who
came here through the forms of law to taking
any Delegate who comes here with such papers
as-are presented by Mr. Fuller.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It seems to
me that this question lies in a nutshell. We are
