1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
a re'exami nation will subserve the ends of justice,
tilpn a reexamination may be ordered, and the
igneis shall, :t is provided, be again sent to the
Secretary of the Treasury for his approval or dis-
approval.  
.Again, sir, m section six, it is provided:
*•' That, upon the presentation to the collector of the port
of New Yoik by, or on behalf of, any legal holder thereof
of nny certificate, so issued by the *aid commissioners^ the
said collector shall receive such certificate m lieu of money
lor the pajment of dudes, at all times indorsing upon the
ceitificate iho amount of duties thus paid by its presenta-
tion ; and as fast as said certificates shall be thus fully can-
celed, the said collector shall retain and transmit them to
the Se.cieury of the Treasury, to be by him placed on the
files of Ins Department, with the statement upon which
they were issued and the testimony upon which the duties
are refunded ; and the amount of said certificates so trans-
it!.tied shall be credited to said collector ui his accounts
with the Treasury Depa!tmem.'>
Bo, sir, you will see that this is not a bill for
refunding inspecie duties that have been received,
but for granting certificates of the amounts of duties
to be refunded, which certificates may be used in
the discharge of debts for duties incurred there-
after by those holding the certificates to the Gov-
ernment.
At the proper time, I shall offer the following
amendment as section seven:
And le itfinthrr cnactP'l> That any and all false swearing
under this act, when lulling undei the definition of perjury
as adjudicated by the Federal couit«, be, and (he same is
hereby, made felony, punishable aecouhrig to the laws pro-
viding tor lhal offense.''
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, T desire for
a very few moments to notice some of the points
which have been made by the gentleman who has
just closed his remarks. On reference to the au-
thorities referred to in the report of the committee,
as well as to the special acts cited here, I find that
the argument of the gentleman is not sustainable.
The case referred to in volume nine of Howard's
Supreme Court Reports, page 619, is not the case
as put by the gentleman from New York. It is a
case arising out of a leakage of sugar and molasses,
and the reduction of duties was made because the
leakage took place before the goods arrived; and
in addition to that fact, the dunes were paid under
protest. What docs (lie court decide ? They say:
-c By the eleventh section or (he aet of Congress passed
on the JOih of July, 1HG, (.Statutes at Laige, pamphlet, page
<}J.) the dunes up. n imported sugar are fixed at thirty per
cent, ad j'u/orcxi.
u The true const] uetion of the law is, that the duty should
be charge;! only upon lhal quantity ol sugar and mobiles
winch arrives m oni poits, and not upon the quantity winch
appears by the invoice to have been shipped, an allowance
being proper lor leakage.
" The proviso in the eighth section, namely,1 that under
no cirenm-ianees shall the duty be a^ses^ed upon an amount
le^s than the invoice value.' h not m hostility with the
ftbm'e construction, because the pioviso refers only to the
puce, and not to the quantity. A protest made after tiie
payment oi the dunes charged", and aitei the ease had been
closed up, will not enable a pauy to recovei back the money
fiom the collector; but ii the piotcM be made m a single ca-e,
With a deMvm Jo include subsequent cases and the money
remain - in the hands oft he col icetoi. without being paid into
The 'JV v, rind u w as -o uudetstood by all parties, such
:i piote-1 will enliile the impoiiei to recover the money from
tne eidieeLoi."
Now, sir, the cm"c, as stated in the report of
the committee, is not properly put. The court
decided no such thin# ms the gentleman has stated.
What Chief Justice" Woodbury did decide was
this: that where in any case the rates of duties
were fixed by law, and something occuried to
those goods, by inevitable accident, before they ar-
rived in por$,then there oughtto 'JC a correspond-
ing reduction in the rales of duties. J3ut in this
case the goods had arrived at the port of New
York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Virginia will allow me to interrupt him at
this point, and I do it not for the purpose of em-
barrassing him, but of setting him ri^ht, and the
committee right, m respect to the position which
I have taken. lie does not deny, nor can he, that
the paragraphs which I have read are to be found
in the opinion of the court. The point to which
the gentleman alludes is a technical one, and it is
simply this: that if accidents have occurred be-
fore the duties tire paid, and the duties be not paid
under protest, the want of a protest is a technical
defend to the ' him in a court of law. But this
is a ease ;n which the goods were received, tlr-
duties paid, Mid the accident occurred after th#>
payment of the duties, but before the goods had
gone into gcn--ial consumption. The point upon
which tiny case rrtsts that bcwusc the goods
had not gone into consumption, therefore, the
duties ought to be restored.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have not the slightest dis-
position to overstate the case, or to take any ad-
vantage of the gentleman in the argument which
he has made. I have conceived it to be my duty
to correct some misapprehensions of law and fact
into which, I presume, the gentleman has acci-
dentally fallen. That is the whole issue between
us. Now, what does Chief Justice Woodbury
say in the opinion which the gentleman has par-
tially quoted ? He says:
" Such is the ease of a portion being lost by perils of the
sea, or by being thrown overboard to save the ship, or hy
fire, or piracy, or larceny"—
There he refers to an act on shipboard, while the
goods are in transitu from the port whence they
are exported to the port where they are imported.
—i{ or banatry, or a sale and delivery on the voyage, or by
natural decay. If there be a inateual loss, it can make no
difference to the sufferer or the Government whether it hap-
pened by natuial or artificial causes. In either case, the
article to that extent is not here to be assessed, nor to be of
any value to the owner."
Again, he says:
" But much more should duties not be exacted on what
was lost or de-itrot/pd on its irmj hither, and which never came
even into fJieposwssionoi control of the custom-house officers,
and much less mto the use ot the community.'1
Now, sir, I have been able to find but, three acts
of Congress in which the precedent contended for
by the gentleman is laid down; and what are they ?
The first act I find is in the sixth volume United
States Statutes at Large, page '2. To what extent
does it go ? It is an act for the relief of Thomas
Jenkins & Co., and provides that
u Duties amounting to $167 ,">t) be iemitted on cei tain par-
cels of hemp, &c , the piopeity of Thomas Jenkins & Co.,
merchant* of the city of Hudson, in the State of \ew Voi k,
which were lost hy liie on the hug Minerva, in her pas-age
from IVew Yoik to the city or 1! ud.«a>u, her | >rt of deli very."
Does that sustain the position of the gentleman
from New York ? Does that go to the extent of
making the Federal Governmental! insurer of all
goods imported into the count! yr
Now, what is the next act referred to in the re-
port of the committee'1 ft is to be found in the
second volume of the Statutes at Large, page 201.
It is an act for the relief of sull'erers by fire in the
town of Portsmouth, it provides that
u Persons who, being indebted to the Ctnted States for
duties on merchandise, have given bonds therelor, with one
or more turetics, payable to (he collector loi the district of
Poilsniouth, and who have suffered the loss of pioperty by
the late eontlagiation at that place, shall be, andthey heteby
arc, allowed to lake out or have cam < h d. all bonds here-
tofore given (oi duties as afotcsaid, upon inving to the said
collector new bonds, with one < i mote s(ji<'tie-, to the sat-
isfaction ot the said collector for the sum of their foimer
bonds respectively, puvabb; tn ten months from and after
the day of payment specified in the boniK to be taken up or
canceled a-s aforesaid."
They were merely authorized to give new
bonds. It was a mere extension of time. There
was no remission of duties. Now, I put it to the
gentleman from New Yoik, in all candor and sni-
cei ity, how can he look down from his sublimated
and transcendental height upon such principles
and facts as these ?
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I think that
there is a misapprehension in regard to this bill
on the part of gentlemen on all sides of this
House. Before I turned my attention to it, 1 had
the impression that there was some provision in
the warehousing aet of 1854 which excluded the
claimants undet this bill fi om going back beyond
a certain period, sometime m 184(5. Now that is
ail a mistake.
Here is a general law in which the Government
has provided for all eases, prospective and retro-
spective, that came within the principles recog-
nized by that Congress. If these parties cannot
avail themselves of the benefits of that law, it is
not because of the lup.se of time; itis not because
there is any peculiar hardship in their cases; but
because they do not com^ within th° principles
of the act, and beeausv the fu is ot the loss are
not such as to ilu-nt to its heiiefit-j. That
is the v, hob- dilT" uity about the case.
Now, Mr. ChaiMiinrt, it is said that this case
has been oiVn pi'.sented, often actcd upon, re-
port 5 made by com nut tecs of the House, and bills
p.ifcsed by bo'th Houses of Congress. It will be
leeolloctod, sir, that the losses provided form this
bill happened in 1845. Down to 1854 there were
applications in these and other cases of a similar
character; and in 1854 a general law was passed
which, as was supposed, covered ell that these
parties claimed, and satisfied all demands of this
description.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will ask the gen-
tleman whether the provisions of the law of 1854
do not make the law applicable to goods, wares,
and merchandise destroyed while in bonded ware-
houses? Then, sir, I will inform the gentleman
that prior to the year 1846, when the warehouse
law was passed, merchandise of all kinds except
liquors were deposited, not in bonded warehouses,
but in the warehouses of the merchants. Liquors,
however, were, previously to that time, deposited
in bonded cellars. Therefore, under that law,
$109,000 of duty levied on liquors was restojed
out of this $400,000 paid for duties on merchan-
dise generally, and the balance still remains un-
paid.
Mr. STANTON. I certainly so understood it.
The difference in the principle recognized by the
act of 1854 is this: that where the recognized pos-
session and control of the goods has passed from
the officers of the Government to the importer, he
is responsible for them. It is his negligence if
they are destroyed, and therefore the loss must be
his. But so long as they are retained by the Gov-
ernment for any purpose, if they are in Govern-
ment warehouses, and under the control of Gov-
ernment officers, and are destroyed, then the pro-
vision is that the Government refunds the duties.
That is the plain principle. It is a common-sense
principle—a principle that was recognized in this
case, and which I believe all parties were willing
to stand by, except those who have lost goods
under different circumstances.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. X ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether, if this fire occured in
1846 or 1847, he does not suppose that these same
goods would have been in bonded warehouses?
Mr. STANTON. It is impossible for me to
say. 1 suppose that part of them would have been
in bonded warehouses, and part of them in whole-
sale stores. It would depend entirely on the op-
tion of the owner. Whenever the owner wants
them out of the warehouse, and in his own pos-
session, of course he will take them there. Now,
Mr. Chairman, it is said that duties have been
received on goods that have not entered into the
consumption of the country, and that, therefore,
these duties should be refunded—that the Gov-
ernment should not profit by them. Will the gen-
tleman please indicate to me at what precise point
the consumption of an article commences?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Does the gentle-
man wish me to reply?
Mr. STANTON. I do not wish a reply on
that point. Every gentleman knows the fact as
well as he does. The cloth out of which my coat
is made has entered into the consumption of the
country, for it is pretty well worn. But does it
follow that the moment an onginal package is
broken open, the goods in that package enter into
the consumption of the country: I take it not.
The question here is whether there is a stronger
equitable claim m favor of the wholesale merchant
who pays duty on his goods, than there is m fa-
vor of the retail merchant who buys the goods,
and in whose possession the goods are destroyed 5
Now, the retail merchants in my town and in my
district buy goods from the wholesale merchants,
and pay these duties, with the profit, take them
home for consumption, and before they enter into
consumption, and while they are in their stores
and on theirshclves, afire may come and destroy
them. Who refunds duties to them? Who asks
to have such duties as these refunded ? Nobody.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. The distribu-
tion is more extensive.
Mr. STANTON. I know that, but there was
no more consumption. I will tell you the differ-
ence. The difference, Mr. Chairman, is this:
that where capital is aggregated in large masses,
and in the hands of a few men, and where the loss
is a large sum, these gentlemen can afford to pros-
ecute their claims, to present themselves before
the Government, and to expend money m the
prosecution of their claims, and have their duties
refunded; but where these goods are distributed
over the country, and wheie one man in Maine
loses $1,000 in duties, and another man in Texas
loses $1,000 in duties, on goods destroyed by fire,
it is not worth following up the claim to Con-
gress, and therefore they hav"1 to bear the loss.
And itis the difference thatalvvays exists between
