mm
THE XJONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLOTIONS. -
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on jEnrolled
Bills, reported "as truly enrolled the Following bills
and resolutions; when the Sjafeaker signed the
same: r .
An act confirming the location of land war-
rants under certain circumstances;
An act for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of Richard D. Rowland;
A resolution devolving upon the«Secretary of
War the execution of the act of Congress en-
titled "An act supplemental to an act therein
mentioned," approved December 22, 1854; and
A resolution for the benefit of the widow of
Commander William Lewis Herndon, United
States Navy.
OUTRAGES ON AMERICAN VESSELS..
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution for reference to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs:
Whereas, visitation of American merchantmen is now
being exercised in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico and in
the ports of Cuba, by British war steamers, in direct vioia-
lioii of international law, in the course of which lawless
conduct an American citizen ha<? been killed: Therefore,
Be 11 resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
aflhe United States of Jlmcncain Congress assembled, That
the Piciid'-nt be, and he is hereby, required to give instruc-
tion^ fo our Navy to arrest all offending vessels until ample
and lull re | >n rati on is made by the Bniish Government tor
the outrages commuted, and guarantee is given for future
exemption from visitation.
Mr. CLAY. I desire merely to observe that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs have this sub-
ject now before them. In respect to the tele-
graphic dispatch received this morning and pub-
lished in the morning papers, the committee are
now obtaining information from the Department,
and expect to make a report upon the subject 
Mr. CLEMENS. Debate is not in order, and
I objcct to it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man from Mississippi will strikeout that portion
of the preamble in his resolution which assumes
the fact of the murder of an American citizen. I
think that is assuming too much.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will strike that
out.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The telegraphic
dispatch published in the morning papers is from
the interior of the country, and is not reliable.
Mr. SICKLES. I object to the resolution, on
the ground that we have 110 official information
. befoic us.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to enable me to introduce the res-
  olution, 111 order that it may be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SICKLES. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Mississippi to have modified his reso-
lution, by omitting that portion of it which as-
sumes the murder of an American citizen ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SICKLES. I should like to have the res-
lutions, as modified, read.
M1. BARKSDALE. I hope there will be no
objection to the reception of the resolution. I un-
derstand that the objcct of my colleague is merely
to have it referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The resolution, as modified, was read.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. CLEMENS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion. I want a record on this question.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Mississippi whether, if that resolution
is introduced, it is his intention to have it referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs or to have it
put upon its passage ? If it is to be put upon its
passage, I shall certainly vote against its admis-
sion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi stated that he wished to introduce the
resolution for reference only.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I wish to say that I would
vote for it, if it was upon its passage.
Several Members. And so would I.
Mr. KEITT- I would not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I only desire to
have it referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
^ fairs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token; and there were—yeas
154, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, AM, Anderson, An-
drews, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Blair,
Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Branch, Burlingame, Burnett,
Burns, Case, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cofib, Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Corning, Cox, Cragin, James
Craig, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Indi-
aaa, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Dick,
Dimmick, Dowdeti, Eamuridson, Elliott, English, Eustis,
Faulkner, Florence, Foley,Foster, Garnett, Gartrell,Gillis,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Grege, Groesbeck, Law-
rence W. Hall, 1. Morrison .Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haskin, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Houston, Hughes, Huyler,
Jackson, Jcnkifts, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. GJancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelsey, Jacob M. Kun-
kel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, Mc-
Queen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Mil-
ler, Millson, Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N.
Morris, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Pendleton,
Petttt, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Pottle, Quitman,
Ready,Reagan, Reilly,Ricaud, Ritchie, Roycc, Ruffin, Ilus-
sell, Sandid e, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Sickles, Singleton. Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Vallandigham, Waidron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, ElhhuB. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, White, Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Wood-
son, Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—154.
NAYS — Mcssr# Bingham, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton,
Chaffee, E/i a Clark, dawson, Conuns, Duvis of Maryland,
Davis of Town, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Duifce, Farnsworth,
Feruon, Oilman. Gianger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
llorton, Howaid'. Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Love-
joy, Matteson, Morgan, Freeman II. Morse, ATott, Parker,
Pike, l'otlei, Purvianee, Robbms, Spinner, William Stew-
ait, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Wade, and Walbndge—
*13.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was received.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, stated that if
he had been within the bar when his name was
called, he should have voted " ay."
Mr. SAVAGE stated that if he thought his
vote would be construed as an approval of the
resolution as drawn up, he would change it, and
vote " 110."
Mr. LAMAR stated that he voted " ay," for
reference.
Mr. COBB made a similar statement.
Mr. HILL voted " ay," with the understand-
ing that the resolution was to be referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign Affairs.
The result of the vote having been announced,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and demanded the previous question.
"Mr. CLAY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If there is to
be debafe upon the resolution, I trust that it will
he unlimited.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that debate would not be in order. The motion
to suspend the rules was for the reference of the
resolution only. The Chair so understood it,
and so stated it to the House.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will withdiaw the demand for the pre-
vious question for a moment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky thatin the opin-
ion of the Chair debate is not in order.
Mr. CLAY. I do not wish to debate the ques-
tion, but to make a personal explanation.
[Cries of" Q-uestion!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks the unanimous consent of the House
to make a personal explanation.
Several Members objected.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbuhy Dickins, its Secretary, asking the
return to that body of the resolution changing the
day of the adjournment of Congress, for the pur-
! pose of correcting an error in the enrollment of
said resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose there will be no
objection to sending that resolution back at once.
There was no objection; and the resolution was -
ordered to be returned to the Senate.
Mr. KELSEY obtained the floor.
PURCHASE OF BUILDINGS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the select
committee on the purchase, by the Government,
of the banking-house of the Bank of Pennsyl-
vania, in the city of Philadelphia. The commit-
tee was authorized to report at any time, and it
will take but a moment. I ask that the report be
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed, and.
that the resolution appended to it be adopted by
the House.
The resolution was read and agreed to, as fol-.
lows:
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject referred to them.
The report was then laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PAY OF STENOGRAPHER.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion simply to pay a clerk.
Mr. KELSEY. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from me for that purpose. I desire to
take up three bills from the Speaker's table with
Senate amendments. It will take but a very few
minutes to dispose of them.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the consent of the
House to offer a resolution to pay the stenog-
rapher employed by our committee. I do not
think there will be objection.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I had not relinquished the
floor. This resolution is so nearly connected with
the report of that committee that it may bo prop-
erly considered as a part of the report.
The SPEAKER. If it is a part of the report,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to
present it.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is not exactly a part of
the report, but I do not think there will be objec-
tion. I ask that it may be read for information.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That there be paid to the stenographer em-
ployed by the select committee appointed to inquire into
the facts and circumstances connected with the sale of the
Pennsylvania Bank property, in the city of Philadelphia, to
the TTnitPd States, j§200, for his services in reporting the
testimony taken before said committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know how much
testimony has been taken by this committee; but
there is a regular rule established for paying these
stenographers of committees.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am perfectly willing to
put it at the usual rate of compensation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will strike
out the amount, and make it " the usual compen-
sation," I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The House has
already passed a resolution regulating this sub-
ject. I object. -
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
it is not such a report as the committee are au-
thorized to make.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not say it was a re-
port made by the committee.
The SPEAKER. That was the only ground
upon which the gentleman obtained the floor.
LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. KELSEY. I now desire to take up. from
the Speaker's table, House bill* Nos. 300, 26, and
152, for the purpose of concurring in amendments
of the Senate to the same. The first is a bill to
declare the title to land warrants in certain cases,
and I know it should be passed. The others I
do not know so much about; but I think the House
should take them up, and dispose of them.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to everything out of
order.
Mr. CLAY. Then I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proposition
can hardly be received until that of the gentleman
from New York is disposed of.
Mr. KELSEY. I now ask first to take up
House bill No. 300.
