1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im*
capital collected in large masses in the hands of
a few, where a-lo'ss of this kind must always be
large, and capital distributed in the hands of many,
and where losses are proportionably small.
Mr. HOWARD. -I suppose the principle on
which the refunding of these duties is confined to
unbroken packages, is this: that if you go beyond
that, you are liable to hav%the Government cheat-
ed. If we confine the refunding of duties to the
original packages, then there can be no cheating,
about it. But if you undertake to follow the goods
after they have been distributed through the coun-
try, then the way is open for every species of
'fraud. There must be a limit somewhere. I take
it that it rests on principles analogous to those on
which is based the statute of limitations. If a man
has paid a debt, he is supposed to keep his receipt
for six years," and after I hat he is not required to
produce it, and may take advantageof the statute
oflimitations. There isa broad distinction between
original unbroken packages and goods scattered
promiscuously through the country. We know
that under the State laws of Maryland, the State
takes cognizance of imported merchandise after
the packages are broken, for the purpose of tax-
ation. Previously to that they are supposed to
be under the control of the General Government,
and cannot be taxed by the State for any purpose.
They are in the hands of the Government; and so
long as they are in the hands of the Government,
they are not subject to the police regulations or j
taxes. And so long I hold the Government is
bound to refund the money if they have wrong-
fully taken it.
Mr. STANTON. I am not familiar with the
precise point of time—not representing a sea-board
district in which duties are levied upon imported
goods—fit, which the State laws take the control
of impoited goods. But, Mr. Chairman, I have
supposed (possibly I may be mistaken) that the
very moment goods are landed in the warehouse
of the private merchant, and the duties paid, and
the lien of the Government gone, that very mo-
ment they are subject to State control and State
taxation.
Mr. HOWARD. As to the time when the State
laws take jurisdiction, I would refer to the decis-
ion made "by Chief Justice Marshall 111 the case
of Brown vs. The State of Maryland, which, I
believe, is still the settled law and the general
understanding.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would in-
quire of the gentleman whether, in that case, the
decision of the court was not that the State could
not exercise the taxing power while the import
duty remains unpaid? Does it not say that tiie
power claimed for the State cannot intercept the
duty demanded by the General Government? If
so, I submit whether the payment of the import
duty does not fill all the conditions which give
power to the United States to restrain the action
of the State authority? Is not this the point of
the case cited 5
Mr. HOWARD. That is not my recollection.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is my
recollection.
Mr. STANTON. It strikes me as the natural
and common-sense rule that the very moment the
laws of the General Government lost control by
the payment of the dunes, when the Government
had no further interest in interfering with the con-
trol of the State authorities over the imported
goods, as a matter of course the State authorities,
eo instanti, attaches, and the State has the right to
tax the property. And it does not seem to me
that any State would tolerate for a moment the
practice of allowing goods to come within its ju-
risdiction, or of any considerable amount of cap-
ital to be invested m imported goods, and, after
the duties were paid, allowing them to remain in
warehouses in original packages for any consid-
erable period of time. I am aware that the prin-
ciple laid down by the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] is the principle contended for by
the advocates of this bill; but it is not the princi-
ple recognized by congressional legislation, and
it is not the principle which has ever been recog-
nized by the authorities of this Government. The
principle is that when the custody and control of
the goods passes from the officers of the Federal
Government the liability of the Government to
refund ceases, and it rests upon the plain and
straightforward principle that the party who has
possession of the goods, and through whose neg-
lect destruction may happen by fire, shall suffer
the loss.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If that is the prin-
ciple on which -the Government proceeds, how
happened it that in 1838 alaw was passechfey Con-
gress refunding duties upon goods destroyed by
fire m the city of New York, in 1885, under pre-
cisely similar circumstances as those of the fire
of 1845?
Mr. STANTON. Of coufse I have not turned
my attention to- the various acts of Congress, and
I think, in all human probability, Congress may,
in various instances, out of pure charity, have
made specificlegislation forparticular individuals,
under peculiar circumstances, which they consid-
ered as of extreme hardship. But here stands a
general law which authorizes the officers of the
Government to make restitution under the cir-
cumstances which I have stated, and that I take
to be the principle upon which it rests. If goods
are destroyed while m the custody of the officers
of the Government, the owners may well claim
that, noil constat, it was on account of the want
of diligence on the jfart of the officers of the Gov-
ernment that the loss happened; and therefore the
owners have the right to ask that anything they
have paid to the Government shall be refunded.
There is another thing. This risk of loss from
destruction by fire is one of the ordinary risks of
all commercial transactions. Every merchant
understands it, and every merchant provides
against it by insuring his merchandise. There is
no more uniform rule than that. Then I take it
for granted the very moment these imported goods
come into the custody and possession of the im-
porting merchant, he provides against loss from
destruction by fire by an insurance. That is com-
mon prudence, and it would be negligence not to
do so.
I now desire lo call the attention of the com-
mittee to the very peculiar jprovisions of this bill.
Thegentlemanfrom North Carolina [Mr.CRAiGK]
was clearly right in contending that this was not
a private bill, any more than a bill would be for
refunding duties upon railroad iron. I want to
know why the bill provides for refunding duties
only for a single ftre which happened on the 19th
day of July, 1845? If the principle upon which
these duties are to be refunded be right, then it is
our business not to confine the refunding to duties
paid on goods destroyed by fire upon that partic-
ular day, but to go the whole length, and provide
for refunding duties in all cases where goods have
been so destioyed under these peculiar circum-
stances.
Why, then, I pray you, is this bill framed to
provide for losses in this particular fire, which it
is said amount to some three hundred thousand
dollais? I can tell you If you insert a general
provision of this kind, under which the Treasury
could be drained to the amount of fifteen or twenty
million dollars, gentlemen would look at it to see
what it would be likely to cost the Government.
Here, it is said, the loss is to be only about three
hundred thousand dollars; and it is supposed that
Congress may be induced to pass a bill, the ag-
gregate contribution under which will not exceed
that sum. Well, permit me to say that I have
no very confident assurance, and am by no means
well convinced, that the proofs of the losses upon
that particular day, and in that particular fire, will
not exceed $300,000. I think you will be exceed-
ingly fortunate if you get off with double that sum.
1 know that if that be so, the appropriation is
only §300,000, and you cannot pay it all. But
when you have passed this bill, appointed your
own commissioners, taken the proof, and made the
report, and it is shown that you have paid only
fifty per cent, upon a debt which you acknowl-
edge you are honestly liable for, with what face
can you refuse to appropriate the rest.' I know
well how these things are done. Here is the
entering wedge. If Congress once recognizes the
principle that we are liable to refund the duties
upon goods destroyed which have passed from
the custody and control of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, upon the payment of duties, into the
hands of the owner, then yuu have opened almost
capital mme for digging into the national lreas-
ury, and the digging will be exceedingly rich, I
have no doubt.
It is said by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] a gentleman in whose judgment
and integrity I have the utmost confidence, that
the principle upon which? fee is disposed to aetjs,
that the original packages had not been brokers,
and therefore he thinks the dutiesbught toberie-
funded. Now, sir, if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshai.i.] is right in'Wigard M,ihe
law to which he referred, then the £entl<?!rian
from Michigan is wrong.as -to his principle.1 If
the goods have passed from the juri&dietiein and
control oftheauthoritiesof the U'nitedStates; and
become subject to State legislation, State assess-
ment, and State taxation, then the Government
ought not to be bound to' refund', and if the State
control originates on the payment of the duties,
then, of course, there can be no refunding in the
case.
I understand the gentleman to say, that if the
wholesale merchant has had the boxes in which
the goods were imported—the original packages
—deposited in his cellar, but has not taken off the
: lids when the fire occurs, then the duties are to be
refunded. But if, on the other hand, he has re-
moved the lids from the boxes, and placed the
goods on his shelves, then there is to be no re-
funding. Now, you have to draw the line some-
where," but I see no reason for drawing itat that
precise point. If you do not stop at the precise
point where the possession changes, there is no
other point; there is no reason why every retail
merchant in the country should not have the du-
ties refunded on goods destroyed by fire.
Now, I have said all that I designed to,say in
relation to this bill. It is an important one, not
only on account of the amount wjiich is sought
to be appropriated by it, but it is important as a
departure from the principle upon which the Gov-
ernment placed itself by the general law of 1854;
which makes a different point—the payment of
the duties, and the change of the possession of
the goods—the point at which the liability to re-
fund ceases. This bill changes that principle en-
tirely, and I submit that, if the House should pass
it, they would be establishing a precedent of great
magnitude, and one, it seems to me, that would
be very injurious to the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. HASKIN obtained the floor; but yielded
it to
Mr. GREENWOOD, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration House bill No. 204,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
HARBOR AT SABINE.
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
provide for the improvement of the bar and har-
bor at Sabine, in the State of Texas; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
And then, on motion of Mr. BLISS, (at five
; minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,)the House ad-
journed till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jipril 19, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. G. W. Coombs.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Polk an additional member of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, m accordance with the or-
der of the Senate of Thursday last.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the -Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the contract with
Russell, Majors & Waddell, for beef cattle, in
March, 185^, and contracts made without public
notice for the purchase of horses, cattle, grain-, or
other supplies up to this date, in connection with
the Utah expedition.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that that communica-
tion lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust thatthe communi-
cation from the Secretary of Warwill be printed,
so that we may be able to see what is in it.
