2682
TBfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
be
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 90, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to
PUThe bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIDSON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
orithe passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, "of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. We have occupied,
two hours this morning in the consideration of
general business. I wish now, ifit be the pleasure
of the House, to proceed to the consideration of
the public business.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will give me an opportunity
of asking the unanimous consent of the House to
put a private bill upon its passage. I am not in
the habit of asking favors of the House, and 1
trust the gentleman from Pennsylvania will yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would yifeldfor
anything the House would give its unanimous
consent to, except to put a bill upon its pas-
sage. I hope the gentleman will not ask me to
do that.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That is my object. The
bill can be disposed of in a moment. I have no
idea that any gentleman will object to it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 have one that is
in the same predicament.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have one twenty-
five years old.
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON A. COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to present what I believe
to be a privileged question to the House. I do
not wish to debate it, but simply to explain my
reasons.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. CLAY. I ask this House to excuse me
from fui ther service on the Committee on Foreign
Affairs; and I ask it for this reason: during two
weeks past, I have repeatedly asked the leave of
this House, as a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to introduce a bill or resolution
in reference to the recent outrages committed upon
the American flag. That leave never has been
accorded to me, a member of that committee; but
it has been accorded, this day, to a gentleman
who is not a member of that committee.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it is due to the
gentleman from Kentucky himself, that the Chair
should call his attention to the fact that, when he
asked the consent of the House, a single objection
was sufficient to defeat it. An objection was made
when the gentleman from Mississippi proposed
to offer his resolution this morning; but it was
then in order to move to suspend the rules, and it
was under a suspension of the rules that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Mississippi was
received by the House.
Mr. CLAY. And I would respectfully observe
that I have repeatedly asked for the same sus-
pension of the rules. While I ask to be excused
from further service on the committee, I wish to
j-ay that I am glad and happy, and congratulate
the country that the subject of these outrages on
the American flag has at last, by any means, got
before the House, and been referred to the com-
mittee from further service upon which I now ask
the House to excuse me.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust ^the
House will not' excuse the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I think he is one of the best men in the
House to whom that resolution could be referred.
[Cries of " Question!"]
The question was taken; and Mr. Clay was
excused from further service-on the committee—
ayes 92, noes 63.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbdry Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
changing the day for the adjournment of Con-
gress, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether it
would not be better, before we proceed to any
other business, to take up the resolution of the
Senate on the subject of the adjournment, and
dispose of it one way or the other.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before moving to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I desire to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make one or two reports
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to permit the House to dis-
pose of the resolution upon the subject of adjourn-
ment. We shall then know what we have to do.
If we intend to adjourn on Monday, it is import-
ant that the Senate should know it. It will not
take long to dispose of the resolution, and it will
expedite the public business.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would inquire if the
Senate have rescinded the resolution to adjourn
next Monday ?
Mr. BURNETT. They have, and the reso-
lution is now on the Speaker's table.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am disposed to
accommodate the wishes ot' the House. I have
no feeling on the subject.
[Mr. DAVIDSON, from theCommittee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act for the
relief of D. 0. Dickinson; when the Speaker
signed the same.]
Mr. BURNETT. I now ask that the resolu-
tion of the Senate in respect to the final adjourn-
ment be taken up.
The resolution was read for information. It
rescinds the joint resolution of the two Houses
fixing the period for the final adjournment of Con-
gress on the 7th day of June, and provides that
"the President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House, shall declare their respective Houses
adjourned sine die on Monday, the 14th day of
June, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. PEYTON. I object to that resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended, two thirds having voted therefor.
Mr. PEYTON. I hope the resolution will not
be adopted. If we find we cannot get through by
next Monday we can take it up and adopt it then.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend by insert-
ing Wednesday, the 9th day of June, and call the
previous question. I hope that amendment will
be agreed to; because that will give both Houses
abundant time to do al! the public business.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. BOCOOK. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I want my vote recorded in favor'
of doing the public business before we adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. And I want the country to
understand that it will not be the fault of this
House if the public business is not transacted so
that we may adjourn on Monday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the motion to lay on
the table, and let us take a vote directly on the
resolution. I do not care whether it is the fault
of the House or the Senate; we ought to remain
until [Cries of" Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky to substitute Thurs-
day next for Wednesday. I think the Senate will
be able to get through its business by that time.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; I accept the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will allow me to move to insert Wednes-
day, so that the vote of the House can be taken
on the two propositions.
! Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I move to insert
Thursday, at twelve o'clock, m., and call the
previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I. withdraw the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I renew the motion.
Mr. REAGAN. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the motion, and allow me
one minute for explanation.
Several Members objected.
Mr. COBB. I should like to be permitted to
make a motion to strike out altogether the latter
clause of the resolution, which fixes a day for ad-
journment.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first on the amendment to
strike outMonday the 14th, and insert Thursday
the 10th,
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT. I beg leave to suggest to
the gentleman from Virginia that without the con-
sumption of time, we can as well settle this ques-
tion by tellers.
Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir, I want the record
for the country.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Bingham,
Bishop. Bliss, Brayton, Bryan, Buffinton, Burnett, Case.,
Cavanaugh, Chaffee, 1'jzra Claik, John B, Clark, dawson,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochiane, Cockerill, Corning,
Cox, James Craig, Curry, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis ol Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dick, Dowdell, English, Farnsworth, Folev, Foster,
Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis, Gilmer, Goocli, Grow, Harlan, J.
Morrison Hams, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones, ICeitt, Kelly, Kilgoie,
John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leiter, Lovcjoy, Maclay, Mc-
Queen, Matteson, Maynard, Miles, Mooie, Ed wan} Joy
Moiris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Murray,
Niblack, Nichols, Pettit, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Phil-
lip*, Potter, Pottle, Purvianco, Quitman. Ricaud, ltobbins,
Roberts, Royce, Russell, Scales, Seward, Aaion Shavv,
John Sherman, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, William Stewart, Tappiui, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wuldion, Carlwalader C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbume, Isiaol Washburn, Wil-
son, Wood, and John V. Wnght—105.
NAYS —Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Avery, ISai!<«-
dale, Billuighurst, Blair, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Biancli,
Burlmgame, Burns, Caskie, Clay, Clemens. Cobb, Coltax,
Comms,Ciagin, Ciawford, Curtis, Davidson,Davis ot'Iowa,
Dean, Dodd, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Faulkner, Feri-
ton, Florence, Gilman, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg,
Groesbee.k, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch,
Hawkins, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Huyler, George W.
Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Iielsey, Knapp, Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lamar, Loidy, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall,
Mason, Miller, Millson, Moigan, Moirill, Isaac N. Morris,
Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, Powell, Ready,
Reagan, ltrilly, Ritchie, Ruffin, Patuhdse,' Sivugc, Scott,
Sealing, Henry M. Shaw, Shoitei, Sickles, Singleton,
William Smith', Spinner. Stallwoitll, Stevenson, James A.
Stewait, Talbot, George'Ta\lor, Miles Tavlor, Vallandig-
ham, Wade, Walbridgc, Walton, White, Wlntoley, Wins-
low, Worteudvke, Augustus R. Wright, and Zolhcofl'er—08.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
. Mr. REAGAN. I demand the ye'as and nays.
Mr. CLEMENS. I take occasion to say that
the last vote was changed after the roll had been
called, by pages announcing the vote to members.
It is a violation of the rule, and the first time any
such thing occurs again I shall call the attention
of the House to it. [Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the right to rise to a question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
adopted, and I do so to make one remark.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I only wish
to say that it is useless to pass the amendment,
as the Senate will keep it until after Monday, and
then send it here rejecting it.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the reso-
lution as amended.
Mr. HUGHES. If the House refuses to agree
to the resolution as amended, will there beany
voting on the question ?
The SPEAKER. . It will be the rejection of
the resolution
Mr. HUGHES. Then I shall vote for the res-
olution.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
