1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MILLSON. I hope that motion will not
be insisted on; for, if the resolution be now voted
down, we may want to reconsider.
The motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
M r. McdUEEN. If the resolution as amended
be not adopted, then we adjourn on Monday?
The SPEAKER. That will be the case if the
existing resolution be not rescinded.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 142, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Andrews, At-
kins, Avery, Barksdale, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bowie "*Vanch, Brayton, Biyan, Burnett,
Bums, Case, Caskie, Ez'ftz Clark, John B. UJaik, dawson,
Clark B. Cochianc, John Cochianc, Cockerill, Colfax,
Corning, Cox, Cragm, James Craig, Curry, Curtis, David-
son, Davisof Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Dean, Dick,
Pimmick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, El-
liott, Farnsworth, Faulkner, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gar-
net!, Gartrell, Gooch, Goode, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow,
Lawrence VV. Hall, Hailan, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch,
Hill, Hoard, Ilorton, Houston, Ilughes, Iluylcr, Jackson,
Jenkins, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C.
Kunkel, Lamar, Leiter, Letcher, Humphiey Marshall, Ma-
son, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, i? uac
N. Moiris, Fieeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Molt, Mur-
ray, Niblack, Nichols, Paiker, Pendleton, Pottit, Peyton,
John S. Phelps, Pike, Pottle, Powell, Puiviance, Quitman,
Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Robeits, Rovce,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Sc.otf, Sealing, Henry
M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter,
Sickles. Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Wjlham Smith, Spin-
ner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephen**, Talbot, George TavJor,
Miles Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wal-
bndge, VValdron, Walton,Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wins-
low, Wood, Wortendvke, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer
—14-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Admin, Billinghurst, Buffinton, Burhn-
game, Cavanaugh, Uhallce, Clemens, Cobb, Comins, Ctaw-
xoid, Davis of Man land, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, F«nghs h. Eusti*. Floience, Gillis, Gihnan,
Gilmer, Gtegg, J. Mouison Ilauis, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Hovv.ud, Jewett, Geoigc W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kilgoro, Knapp, Landy, Lowly, Loveiov,
Maclay, MeQ,ueen, MaUct-on, Ma\naid, Miller, Moore,
Palmer, William W Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Reilly, Ruffin,
Aaion Shaw, Robcit Smith. James A. Stewait, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayei, Tuppe. Vallaniligham, Wade,
Cadwal.idei C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbume, White,
Whitcley, and Augustus R. Wright—Gi.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution as amended was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. H AR EITS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to give notice that on to-morrow I will call up the
Maryland contested-election case. The reports
are printed, and members can obtain them.
Mr. GROW. To-ofbrrow is objection day in
the Committee of the Whole House, and I hope
that the gentleman will not call up the matter
then.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will call it up to-
morrow, and then the House can do what they
please.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill to extend an act entitled "An
act (S. No. 297) to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans," approved February 2d,
1853; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr, DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution and bills of
the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) authorizing
the arrangement and disposal of public buildings
in the city of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 300) declaring the title to
land warrants in certain cases;
An act. (H. R. No. 502) for the relief of S. W.
and A. A. Turner; and
An act (H. R. No, 578) to continue the pension
heretofore paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of
Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United
States Army; when the Speaker signed the same.
DISBURSEMENT OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have several re-
ports to make from the Committee of Ways and
Aleans. I am directed to report back House bill
(No. 467) to amend an act entitled <s An act to
provide for the better organization of the Tieas-
ury, and for collection and safe-keeping, transfer
and disbursement of the public revenue." I pro-
pose to put the bill on its passage. Under the act
of 1846, the disbursing officers of the Government
drew the money out of the Treasury and dis-
bursed it from time to time 'as they thought
proper. This subjects the public moneys to some I
considerable risk. Congress, on the 3d March,
1857, amended that act by providing that the
disbursing officer should deposit the money in the
various sub-Treasuries, and should not draw out
in money more than twenty dollars at a time, and
that for all sums over twenty dollars he should
draw checks upon the Treasury. While the law
isgenerally a good one, the inconveniences arising
from it in certain cases is such that it is impossi-
ble for the Government to carry it out. The
amendment reported, and which is recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, provides that
where it may be absolutely necessary, the dis-
bursing officer may be allowed to draw more than
twenty dollars. It keeps the general law still in
force. It is utterly impossible to carry out the
law in the distant Territories of Utah and New-
Mexico, and in other places. It is proposed to
enforce the law wherever it is practicable, and
where it is not practicable the proper Department
assumes the responsibility, and allows the dis-
bursing officer to draw more than twenty dollars.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 11, 1858.
Sir: i have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the
10th instant, asking for the foi m of such a lull as is proposed
on the twenty-fourth page of the punted copy of my annual
repoit on the finance*.
Themtention of this Department in carrying into effect
the act lcfened to, of which copies aie herewith oidcred,
have given a practical constiucuon to it1* provisions. These
in-ilMK'tionj! do not probably transcend the lawful author-
ity of this Dcpaitment, except where dibburMiiyoffices of
the Dcpai (went aie directed m certain ca-es to pay money
of the United Slates, intrusted to them for disbursement, I
without depositing it in anv drpositoiy and checking lor the
same, as is e.\pres>siv required by the tcims of the act.
Peihapsm no case of the feci vice under the direction of
this Depaittnent would it be absolutely impracticable to
make such deposits and payments by cheek—but m many
instances it would be extremely onerous and expensive,
without the slightest advantage oi secumy. In the service
in ehaige of some of the other Departments., the difficulty of
carrying out the teims of the act in tins respect, amouuts
to actual impossibility.
It is, therefoie, lespectfully proposed to modify the act in
thia particular, so as to place the loppon&ibihty of am other
custody and mode of paymentthan allowed by the act, di-
rectly upon the head of the Department to which such dis-
bursing ofticei belongs; as will he s-een by the dtu.il of a
bill inclosed, agieeably to your request.
Very lespcctlully, your obedient servant,
I-IOVVELL COBB,
Secrctai if oj 71icasury.
Hon. J. Clancy Jonts, Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask that the bill
be put upon its passage, and on that I call the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
that is a right sort of legislation.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That is a matter
of opinion entirely.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a bill
changing the whole law, and giving disciction to
heads of Departments.
Mr. J- GLANCY JONES. I bog the gentle-
man's paidon, it is not. It is utterly impossible
to carry out the existing law. This does not
change it, but gives the Secretary a little discre-
tion. Let the bill be road. i
The bill was read. It modifies and amends so •
much of the first section of the act entitled " An 1
act to amend an act entitled ' An act to provide
for the better organization of the Treasury, and ;
for the collection, safc-kccpmg, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue,' " approved 3d |
March, 1857, as provides " that each and every |
disbursing officer or agent of the United States, i
having any money of the United States intrusted :
to him for disbursement, shall be, and he is here- j
by, required to deposit the same with theTreas- \
urer of the United States, or with some one of j
the Assistant Treasurers or public depositaries, 1
and draw for the same only in favor of the per- j
sons to whom payment is to be made in pur- ;
suancc of law and instructions," so that when- \
ever the Secretary or other officer at the head of
any Executive Department to which any disburs-
ing officer or ogent is attached or shall belong, to
whom money of the United States is or may be
intrusted for disbursement, shall deem it neces-
sary or expedient to order and direct that such
money intrusted to such disbursing officer or
agent shall be held by him, and paid directly to
the person to whom payment is to be made irr pur-
suance of law and instructions, without deposit-
ing the same in the manner required in said first
section, such custody and payment of the raoneg
of the United States by such disbursing officer or
agent, under the express order and direction of
such head of the Department to which such dis-
bursing officer or agentis attached or shall belong,
shall be taken and deemed to be a sufficient com-
pliance with that part of said first section of the
act above mentioned.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, the question which I wish
to propound to him is this: by the law, as it is
there quoted, all disbursing officers of the Gov-
ernment are required to deposit the motley in
their hands with theTreasurer or some one of the
Assistant Treasurers, and to draw for it in favor
of the persons to whom it is disbursed. Now, I
wish to ask the gentleman if this bill does not
propose so to modify that law as to authorize the
head of caeh Department to give instructions to
.the disbursing officers under them respectively,
to dispense with that observance of that law when
they think proper, and let them, at their discre-
tion, deposit funds or not—if, in other words, it
is not to place within the discretion of each head
of Department, to say whether its disbursing
officers shall comply with the law?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. _ If my friend from
Tennessee had listened attentively to the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury he would not have
propounded the inquiry he has propounded. The
effect of this hill is not as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee supposes. The law remains the same in
regard to the deposits of disbursing officers, and
as to checking out all sums over twenty dollars.
It merely lodges a discretionary power in the
heads of Departments in cases of absolute neces-
sity, and to be exercised on their responsibility.
As for instance, this bill does not touch the exist-
ing law, except where the disbursing ofHccr finds
that checks will not answer, as in Utah or New
Mexico. The Secretary of the Treasury has writ-
ten to this House that it is impossible to execute
that law in all cases, aud he merely asks you to
give him a discretionary power in cases where it
is impossible to execute it.
Mr. SPINNER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has stated that this
bill is only to apply in cases where it is absolutely
necessary. Will he permit the words "orexpe-
dient" to be stricken out of the bill?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The head of the
Department ks to be the judge.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regard this bill,from
the hasty reading of it, as making a radical change
in the principles of the Government since its foun-
dation. I think it requires and ought to receive
much greater consideration than we can give it
now. I therefore move to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be en-
tertained; the gentleman from Pennsylvania de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope we will
have a vote upon it and let the House dispose of
the matter.
The previous question was not seconded, only
thirty-nine members voung therefor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
. [Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, an act to
authorize the President of the United States, m
conjunction with the State of Texas, to run and
mark the boundary lines between the Territories
of the United States and the State of Texas; when
the Speaker signed the same.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
a brief explanation of the necessity of the passage
of this act. At the last session of Congress, all
disbursing officers were required to deposit their
moneys with some one of the designated depos-
itories, under the independent Treasury act; and
where the payment which a disbursing officer had
to make to an individual exceeded, in amount, the
sum of twenty dollars, that disbursing officer was
required to draw his check m favor of the person
to whom the payment wss to be made upon the
