1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
the land who would not make any reasonable sac-
rifice to secure the fidelity of the Senator, not only
on this question, but on all other questions. But,
Mr. President, this is a vital question; it is a
question of vast magnitude; and even at the risk
of being" lectured again by the venerable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] for whoso
judgment I have the profonndest regaid on this
and all other subjects, I will venture ajrain to sug-
gest that there are wrapt up in tho destinies of
this question, the perpetuity of the Union itself.
How do parties stand on this question ? The Na-
tional Democrats, North and South, are for the
admission of Kansas, with here and there an ex-
ception. The President is at our head, backed
by a united Cabinet. The Democratic presses
throughout all the country thunder in our ears
that a bill for that purpose ought to pass. Mass
meetings being held m New York, Charleston,
New Orleans, North and South, almost every-
where, urging the passage of it. Legislatures
resolve in favor of its being passed—the whole
party, in a word, North and South, is sustaining
the measure, and the whole sectional Republican
party on the other side opposing it. 'Sir, the
spectacle which you have in this Senate is seen
all over the country—the great mass of the Dem-
ocratic party is on the one side, and the great
mass of the Republican party on the other. The
American party, what little there is of it, I be-
lieve is somewhat divided. It H a pity, too, for
there is hardly enough of it to divide. [Laugh-
ter.]
Well,sir, this being the state and magnitude of
the question—a question which involves the integ-
rity of the Democratic party certainly, and which
involves, in all probability, the perpetuity of the
Union, the Democratic party standing arrayed on
one side, and the Republican party on the other—
where is the Senator ftom Illinois? Is h" on the
Democratic side? Does he stand where he stood
three years ago? Are his consultations with us?
No, sir; he stands on this question with the Repub-
lican members. On this vital question—vital to ihe
integrity and to the perpetuity of the party; vital,
as I believe before God and angels, to the safety
of the Union itseif—the Senator from Illinois has
taken sides with the Republicans against the Dem-
ocrats. If he is out of the party, it is not because
he has been turned out, but because he has vol-
untary walked out.
Mr. President, the constitution of Kansas is
here, and, but for this debate, it would probably
have been reported from the committee, and we
should be called on,each and all and every one of
us, to vote cither to accept or reject it. I shall
vote for its acceptance, i should vote for it just
as freely if it were an anti-slavery constitution.
If there was a total want of any word, sign, or
syllable in it, from the beginning to the end, look-
ing to the protection of slave property; nay, sir,
if there were a total prohibition against slavery,
I would vote for it. Why ? Because thatwas the
compact into which the Senator from Illinois in-
vitee! me, and into which i entered. I vote for it;
I think he ought to do so; but if he will not, let
it be otherwise.
Now as to whether the people of Kansas are to
live under this constitution after it is made: they
are to live under it just so long as they choose; but
when they choose to throw it off and make a new
constitution and go to work according to the forms
of law as it is written, they have the right to do
it, in my opinion, without the slightest regard
to anything that may be inside or outside of the
constitution. 1 understand that the constitution
secures the universal exercise of the elective fran-
chise in the State of Kansas, that all men are al-
lowed to vote. The Senator has told us to-day—
he has told us with equal emphasis on other occa-
sions—that a vast majority of the people of Kansas
are opposed to this constitution. If they are, let
them manifest that opposition in some legal form.
When the election comes on for •Governor and
members of the Legislatuie, if they have not al-
ready secured those officers, let them secure them;
let a new convention be called ; let the constitu-
tion be changed; let it be made a free constitution
as you cull it, and I have not one word to say
against it here or elsewhere. Let it be so.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question at this point?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to ask the Senator whether
he admits the right to amend this constitution as
well previous to 1864 as subsequently?
Mr. BROWN. I do. I would not care if it
had declared on every page of it that it should be
unalterable. I believe that the right to alter, and
amend, and abolish forms of government is in-
herent in the people. All I demand is that the
right shall be exercised under the forms of law,
and not through mob violence—not in the mode
of Dorr, and Bngham Young, and Jjm Lane; but
in the orderly, peaceable, and quiet mode in
which constitutions have been changed in other
States—New York, Massachusetts, Ohio, and
everywhere else.
Mr. PUGH. I did not interrupt the Senator
to make a controversy with him. L fully agree
with him on the point; but I only wished to as-
certain his opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Mississippi allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand him to say
that he believes the people may change the con-
stitution before 1864, provided they do it accord-
ing to the forms of law.
Mr. BROWN. Exactly.
Mr TRUMBULL. I wish now to ask him
if any law passed by the Legislature contraven-
ing that provision of the Leeompton constitution
would have any force whatever? Would not that
be in violation of the law, and would not every
court be bound so to hold.
Mr. BROWN". I did not expect to be asked
to point out to the Republicans precisely how they
could change the constitution; but still, if they
ask me I will tell them. They can do it precisely
in this way: if they have not aheady secured the
Governor and Legislature, winch 1 believe is a
disputed question, and have that tour fifths or
nineteen twentieths about, which the Senator from
lihnniis is constantly talking, if they have that
strength, when the next election comes on, just
go to the polls like peaceable, orderly, quiet citi-
zens, and exercise the right of voting, elect a Le-
gislature, and elect a Governor. Then let your
Legislature, being instructed as they would be
by your people, that they wanted to change the
constitution, appoint a day, not when they (the
Legislature) will change it, or when they will re-
model it, or do anything with it, but when the
people themselves can elect a convention which
shall change it. The Legislature has no power
to change a line, word, or syllable m the constitu-
tion; but the Legislature can appoint a day when
the people may assemble, and under the forms
of law elect a convention, which convention can
change the constitution, even against the words
of the constitution itself. I say again, when it
shall be done J will defend it here and elsewhere,
all over the land. I will stand by the President,
who has ahrady announced to the country that
the constitution may be changed in this mode.
Gentlemen, you try to fan the flame.s of diacord
in the North in this wise: you say to your people
there—some Senator stated it the other day, and
I do not know but that it was the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale;]—he isahvays say-
ing something out of the way [laughter]—that
whenever your friends undertake to change the
constitution, party lines will be drawn, the party
lash will be applied, you will be declared to be in
the wrong, and the Army will be sent to put you
down. Sent by whom? lias not James Buch-
anan already announced to you m the message
we ore now discussing, that you have the right to
make the change ? Have you ever heard a south-
ern man, in position here or elsewhere, declare
that you had not the right to do it? Then why
say the party lash will be applied and armies sent
to put you down in Kansas?
Gentlemen, I am respectful towards my brother
Senators. I dare fay you believe what you say,
but you do make the greatest sacrifice of common
sense to your candor that I have ever heard from
any set of sensible myii, when you profess to be-
lieve that the President of the nation would delib-
erately, in the face of his pledge to the contrary,
send an army to prevent that very thing being
done which he himself declares in his message
can be done. If you have the power, exercise it.
If you have the votes, put them in the ballot-
box; take possession of the government, and God
knows you are welcome to it; but so long as I
have a tongue to speak or an arm to strike, you
shall take possession neither of that government
nor of any other through mass meetings held at
Lawrence, Topeka, or anywhere else. Do it
through the peaceable agency of the ballot-box,
and f am content. Attemptitbyanyotheragcncy,
and I will stand by the President in sending an
army to crush out your rebellion.
We have heard a great deal said in the course
of this debate about apprehension of civil war,
and bloodshed, and dissolving the union, and all
that. Sir, there is a sovereign remedy for all such
apprehended evils. Obey the law, respect the
Constitution, fulfill your contracts, and there will
be no civil war; there will be no bloodshed; there
will be no dissolution of the Union. Fulfill all
your obligations to the laws and the Constitution
and to the contracts between the sections of the
Union on the subject of slavery, and all other sub-
jects, and I guaranty that your Union will stand
for ever. Trample upon these obligations, and
soon your Union will pass away as " the baseless
fabric of a vision." In the future I see the Union
standing upon pillars as firm as the eternal rock
of a<?es; but I see it only through those paths
which lead to the law, the Constitution, and the
fulfillment of obligations; In a different direction'
I sec it a dissolving Union; I see the stars of our
galaxy being blotted out, and the sun of our glory
running away as it were in rivulets of blood; and
all this is seen over the traces of violated laws,
prostrate constitutions, disregarded compacts.
Lei me say, Mr. President, to the Senator from
Illinois, that on him rests a fearful responsibility.
He is the author of this measure. He has stood
by il until ho has brought it to its present condition.
He sees a whole united South arrayed on the one
side, and he ha' thrown himself into the northern
scale. Does he mean to array a whole united North
against a whole united South ? If this result shall
ever be accomplished, it will be done, in my opin-
ion, over laws violated, constitutions trampled
under foot, and compacts flagrantly outraged. I
will notbc responsible forthe consequences when
this state of things shall be brought about. Let
not the Senator from Illinois suppose that I have
meant to assail him; that I have meant to join in
any cry against him. Let him not suppose that
I am pursuing him with any of the instincts of
a bloodhound. Heaven knows I would to-day
much rather embrace him as a fiiend than regard
him for a solitary instant as an enemy. He
knows how much I have loved him in the past.
Pie knows with what fidelity! have followed his
flag, and with what joy I have witnessed the rising
star of his glory. But it is not, in the name of
these that I would appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator. We have a country, a common country, a
country dear to lum and to me; to you, sir; to one
and to all of us. That country is in peril. The
hearts of stout men begm to quail. Thousands
and hundreds* of thousands of our people believe
that the Union is even now rocking beneath our
feet. The Senator has it in his power to put a
stop to all this agitation. If he will but say to
the angry waves, $< Peace, be still," calmness
will settle on the great deep of public sentiment.
Whether he thinks so or not, he is the very life
and soul of this agitation. If he stood now where
he stood at the passage of this bill, with his Dem-
ocratic friends, supporting the strong arm of a
President who dares to do his duty in defiance of
all danger, there would not have been a ripple on
the surface, or if there had been, it would have
subsided and died away in the great ocean of
oblivion where other ripples have gone, and wc
should almost without an effort introduce Kansas
into the Union. Sir, the Senator from Illinois
givps life, he gives vitality, he gives energy, he
lends the aid of his mighty genius and his pow-
erful will to the Opposition on this question. If
rum come upon the country, he, more than any
other and all other men, will be to blame for it.
If freedom shall be lost—if the Union shall fail—
if the rights of man shall perish oneaith—if des-
olation shall spread her mantle over this our glo-
rious country—let not the Senator ask who is the
author of all this, lest expiring LibeiJy, with a
death-rattle in her throat, shall answer to him as
Nathan answered David, "Thou art the man."
Mr. HALE. I do not intend to occupy the time
of the Senate more than a few minutes: but if the
honorable Senator from Mississippi will give me
his ear, as he thinks I am always saying things
out of the way, I want to put a question, so that I
