1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mn
accomplished statesmen of the country. Another
party sprang up—the American party. It paused,
it faltered, and it went down under the general
judgment of the people of the free States. The
Republican party rose in one year from a few
thousand men, and gave at the last presidential
election one million three hundred and forty thou-
sand votes. It came much nearer than you wished
taking the control of this Government—of this
country.
: The opinions they entertain, the policy they
avow, the sentiments which swell their bosoms,
are deepening and spreading all over this land.
Those opinions and sentiments will unite the
northern people. They will spread over the slave
line as they have done, for they have gone into
Missouri; they have brought into the other House
one of the ablest and most accomplished members
pf that body from the southern State of Missouri.
Sir, they are to pass over southern lines. These
sentiments and opinions cannot be hemmed in
by lines of latitude or of longitude. They will
yet be adopted by fair-minded and honorable men
everywhere, who love their country, who love
• justice and liberty; and whenever anybody shall
raise the black flag of slavery and disunion in the
Soufh, he will find, leaping from the ranks of the
people, thousands of patriotic men who will stand
by this Government and defend it.
The Senator from Mississippi tells us that the
first troubles in Kansas grew out of the formation
of the Emigrant Aid Society. That society, he
tells us, came from a secret congressional organ-
ization. TheSenatorismistakemn his facts. The
secret congressional circular to which he refers
was issued in the summer days, after the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The bill incorporat-
ing the Emigrant Aid Society, was introduced into
the Legislature of Massachusetts in March, 1854
—more than sixty days before your Kansas-Ne-
braska act passed. It passed the Legislature of
the State, and received the sanction of the Gov-
ernor, in April, forty days before the Kansas-Ne-
braska act passed Congress. Instead of this secret
circular being the father of the emigration move-
ment, you might turn it around the other way,
and say the emigration movement created this
secret congressional movement. The Senator is
mistaken in this assertion. I commend him to
the study of old facts.
Then the Senator dwells on the fact that the
Emigrant Aid Company was incorporated with a
capital of $5,(J00,0U0, only $20,GG0 of which could
be used in the State. Does not the Senator know
that the Emigrant Aid Society was never organ-
ized under that act at all? No organization un-
der it took place, but the corporators went to the
next Legislature and got a new charter with a cap-
ital of $1,000,000. That $1,000,000 of capital is
mostly on paper. The company have a capital
of §110,000 paid in, and it has been invested
mostly in mills and churches and school-houses
and lands. They never, from the days of their
organization to this hour, sent a man into the Ter-
ritory of Kansas—not one; no sir, not one to vote.
Ttiey hgve sent no arms into the Territory; theirs
has been a mission of peaceful industry. I tell
the Senator here now, that this company organ-
ized emigration; that it reduced the expenses of
going there thirty or forty per cent.; and that is
all it did. They have never asked whether a man
was for or against slavery. The first company
that went to that Territory got there on the 9th
day of August, 1854. It was a company of thirty
men with Mr. Thayer, who originated the move-
ment. They sent during the autumn of 1854, or
rather a few hundred persons availed themselves
of this organization to go to that Territory, as
emigrants, to live there.
The Senator from Mississippi tells us that the
Senatorfrom Illinois [Mr.Douglas] charged that
they committed misdeeds on going there. We
denied it then. He did not prove it. Those who
make charges of that kind against men are bound
to prove those charges true. These men are
presumed to be innocent until they are shown to
be guilty. I say there is no evidence before this
country that any man who went there under the
auspices of the Emigrant Aid Society, ever per-
formed any illegal act on his way there or in that
Territory. . They were as law-abiding, upright,
conscientious men as can be found in any part of
New England or of this country. They were the
picked men of New England. Those emigrants
who went out under the auspices of that Emigrant
Aid Society averaged better than the people who
remained at home. They were the intelligent, up-
right, law-abiding young men of Massachusetts
and of New England. Prom the time they went
there to this moment, you can find no record, in
or out of the Territory, that they have violated
laws of the United States—that they have ever
committed any offense, or ever been arrested or
punished for any offense. They stand before the
country as those old Pilgrim Fathers stood, who
landed at Plymouth in 1620, and they are ani-
mated and guided by as elevated motives, and as
lofty aims and purposes.
But the Senator from Mississippi would have
us understand that those irregularities which
transpired in that Territory in regard to the elec-
tion of 1855 were brought on by these men. Does
not the Senator from Mississippi know, (or if he
does not know it, he ought to know,) that the
House of Representatives sent a commission to
that Territory; that they went there; that they
thoroughly investigated the whole subject; that
they examined the names of the two thousand
nine hundred voters residing in the Territory; that
they found how many of those men voted; that
they saw the names of four thousand nine hun-
dred men who went there from Missouri; that
there is no mistake about these Missourians
voting on the 30th of March, 1855; that this fact
is as clear as mathematical demonstration ? Sen-
ators may smile; but this fact has been proved,
absolutely proved, and no man can deny it. This
fact is also proved: that from the closing of nav-
igation, m the autumn of 1854, up to the clay of
election, on March 30, 1855, there went into that
Territory but one hundred and sixty-six men,
women, and children, under the auspices of the
Emigrant Aid Society. Ninety-seven of these
were men, and thirty-seven only of all of them
voted at that election. Thirty-seven men, under
the auspices of the Emigrant Aid Society, voted on
that day. From the time of the organization of
that society up to this hour, no men have gone out
under its auspices to vote. Those persons went
to that Territory as emigrants, and not for the
purpose of voting.
The Senator from Mississippi seems to think
there was nothing very wrong in the election of
the 30th of March. Why, sir, it has been proved
that only fourteen hundred actual residents of the
Territory voted, and over seven hundred of them
voted for free-State men, and that the free-State
men had a majority in sixteen out of eighteen dis-
tricts of the actual voters that day. Even the town
of Lawrcnce gave eight or nine hundred votes!
They were cast mostly by the slave-State men who
went there from Missouri. There were but two
or three slave-State men m that city; one was the
postmaster, but he could not go for these crimes,
and the Administration found it out and turned
him out of office. These facts stand on the
records; they have been proved to the country.
They werefirstdenied,thciiapologized for. These
frauds did take place, and they vitiated everything
in that Territory from that time t.o this; and they
have been the prolific source of all the strifes
which have marked the history of the Territory.
The free-State men, overborne by this invasion,
felt that their rights had been taken from them,
that they were outraged, and they saw that a gov-
ernment was organized which put them all under
the ban—a government that required a test-oath.
They saw a government organized by fraud,
and sustained by force—they saw they had no
power, that they were as absolutely poweiless as
were the people of the tyrant of Naples. The
doctrines of the fathers had taught them that the
people were the source of power; that, in the lan-
guage of Alexander Hamilton, " the streams of
power came fiom the pure, original fountain of
the people." They believed in your Kansas-Ne-
braska act, and I suppose they were the only peo-
ple in America who had any abiding faith in it;
for it appears that the Senator from Mississippi
and most of his associates, have none, and I de not
know anybody on this side of the Chamber that
was ever deceived about that act. They, by an
act of original inherent sovereignty, called a con-
vention; they framed a constitution; they had it
indorsed; they have been denounced as rebels for
that act, and for passing laws enough to keep up
the organization, so that if they were ever driven
to it they might use that organization to defend
their lives, their liberty, and their propfiHy. They
have never attempted to enforceone of those laws,
and yet the Senator from Mississippi denounces-
their acts as rebellion! Rebellion! Why, sir,
did Michigan rebel in 1836? Did not her people
establish a government? Did they not drive out,-
or rather turn out, by the expression of the pop-
ular will, the Governor sent there by Andrew'
Jackson ? Did not Andrew Jackson sustain them ?
And did not James Buchanan, in this Chamber,
defend them? Did he call it rebellion then? The
State of California formed a constitution without
authority. Were they rebels? Minnesota has
framed a constitution with your leave. She is
framing laws under this constitution, before her
admission into the Union. Are her people rebels ?
This charge of rebellion against the people of-
Kansas has nothing of truth in. it. It is a libera
slander, come from what source it may.
The Senator tells us that the people ordered
this constitutional convention. The first Legis-
lature chosen by the men from Missouri passed
a law that in October, 185G, the sense of the peo-
ple should be taken. In October, 1856, a vote
was taken, and about two thousand men voted on
that occasion—two thousand three hundred, sayd
the Senator from New York. On the day oh
which that vote was taken, laws wore on thestat-
ute-book requiring a test oath,an oath to support
the fugitive slave law,and no freeman could vote.
Do you suppose liberty-loving, God-fearing men
would take that infamous oath? Then every bal-
lot-box was in the hands of men appointed by
this Territorial Legislature. The people had been
to the polls oncc,and they met an armed invasion;
they were cheated, overborne, and defrauded.
Laws had been passed requiring a test oath to be
taken, and taxes to be paid, and the votes were
to be given into the hands of men who had cheated
and robbed them of their rights. Of course, the
people of the Territory did not vote. They would
have been craven spirits if they had.
Then, Mr. President, the Legislature assem-
bled in January, 1857, and they passed an act
calling a convention. If Senatois will examine
this act they will find that it was intended to cut
off the spring emigration into the Territory.
They knew they had possession of the govern-
ment, and that they could control the Territory,
and shape its future. They refused to provide
for the submission of the constitution to thp peo-
ple; and Governor Geary tells us that, when he
said to these men, " I will sign this bill if you
will submit the constitution to the people," they
said they had been advised by their southern
friends not to submit it to the people, because, if
they did not, it would secure Kansas as a slave
Stare.
Who were to take the census? Who were to
register tile voters? The officials appointed under
this territorial bogus Legislature—yes, sir, bogus
in every sense—were to take the census and regis-
ter the voters. Governor Stanton and Governor
Walker tell us that in nineteen counties no cen-
sus was taken, and in fifteen counties no registra-
tion. There was a pappr read the other day,
headed by Henry Clay Pate, undertaking to get
over the force of that charge. I have examined
this paper signed by Henry Clay Pate, and in
eleven lines there are twelve absolute lies, and the
law book of the Territory shows it. Do riot Sen-
ators know that in some of these counties there
was a large population, that they gave more votes
at the October election than were given for the
election of delegates to the constitutional conven-
tion in June ?
The Senator from Mississippi thinks this can-
not be true, and he quotes the appeals of Gov-
ernor Walker when he first went into the Terri-
tory against Governor Walker after he had spent •
months in the Territory. He went there as Saul
went to Tarsus—he did not understand the affairs
of that Territory. Mr. Stanton is frank enough
in the admirable address he has just published
to the people of the United States—an address
marked by truth, by candor, and by everything
that should win for him the respect of fair-minded
men—to declare that when ho w -nt to that Terri-
tory he did not understand its affairs The honor-
able .Senatorfrom Mississippi would display more
fairness if he would quote to us tile words of
Governor Walkerafter months of residence in the
Territory had made him familiar with the condi-
tion of affairs. The time and conditions fixed
