THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Both the gentle-
men have fallen under misapprehension in regard
to the phraseology of my proposition. They are
both lawyers, and will understand the meaning of
the words " expenses which accrued or shall ac-
crue. " The word *4 accrue'' has a definite mean-
ing, and it is different entirely from the meaning
of the words " pay out." When a debt accrues, is
when it becomes due, when it becomes payable;
an<3 therefore, whenever expenses accrue or be-
come due and payable within the fiscal year, then
they can be paid at any time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is exactly
the view,that I have been endeavoring to explain;
that whenever the money is due and owing, it is,
for all practical purposes, expended. Your De-
partments, under that provision of law, and, in
my opinion, under the law as it now stands, have
a right to make a bargain to spend money. But
if the money is not already spent by a bargain,
purchasing goods, or is not already due for the
pay of soldiers, for instance, within the limits of
the fiscal year, then the Government has no right
to apply any portion of that money to the buying
of new goods or the payment of soldiers after the
expiration of that year, on the account of the next
fiscal year.
Mr. MILLSON. With the peimission of my
colleague, I desire to a«k the gentleman from
Maryland a question. He avoids the difficulty
that would result from the passage of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by supposing
that where there is an amount due by contract,
although it may not be actually claimed or paid
during the fiscal year, yet that it is considered as
appropriated, and may be paid after the expira-
tion of the fiscal year. Now, I want to put a
question to him irom which he will see, I think,
that he does not get rid of the difficulty at all, by
such a construction of the law. Suppose that the
Government asked an appropriation of $100,000
for the purpose of constructing or completing a
particular work; a contiaU is made for materials
involving an expenditure of only $20,000, but it
is estimated at the Department that the cost of
labor in constructing the work will be $80,000;
and that work has to be done within the fiscal
year. But the delay of the contractor to furnish
the material within the fiscal year may prevent
the Department from having the work performed,
and the expense of the labor which is not per-
formed until after the expnationof the fiscal year
will not have accrued; and I ask the gentleman
from Maryland whether, under this provision, it
•can be paid >
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suggest that ap-
propriations fortho purposes of building may not,
m their nature, nor by the language of the bill, be
confined to the service of the fiscal year. It is for
the accomplishment of a definite object mid not
limited to any particular tune. But if the lan-
guage of the law show the appropriation to be
confined to the year, then none can be used for
expenses incurred after the year. But when
money is appropriated for the service of the quar-
termaster's department for a particular year, it is
limited to that particular period, and I say they
have no right to go beyond. It is for the support
of the Army for a particular period of time.
Mr. MILLSON. That begs the whole ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Well, sir, to sat-
isfy the mind of my friend ftom Virginia, 1 will
say that you cannot adopt any other principle
without running foul of the Constitution. Sap-
pose we appropriate money here to the amount
of $100,000,000 for the service of the quarter-
master's department for this year. The Consti-
tution says that no appropriation shall be made
for the Army or Navy for a period of more than
two years. Does my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia suppose that is no limitation upon it; or
does he suppose that because the money is ap-
propriated to be used witlnn that one fiscal year
it may he as an unexpended balance, to be used
at any period beyond the two years to which the
appropriation is limited by the Constitution itself?
It all comes at last to the construction of each
paiticularlaw. When the money is appropriated
for a longer period no question can arise, if we
appropriate money for the service of the Army or
Navy for two years, then unquestionably that
money cannot be used in any period beyond the
two years; but if we appropriate money for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30-,
1857, is ft conceivable that under the Constitution
or law that money may be used for the payment
of expenses whicn accrue in 1852 or 1860? Such
a construction is in violation of the Constitution;
nay, more, it assumes an inherent power in the
Executive to use money appropriated for a par-
ticular time at any other time he may see fit. It
assumes that the President can do anything we
do not forbid, when the constitutional assump-
tion is that he can do nothing with money but
what we expressly authorize. If the law does not
authorize the money to be used for any but one
year, it is a gross usurpation to use it for another
year; for an appropriation limits money not
merely to an object but to a specific time, and the
President can no more use money for a different
year or object than he can without any appropri-
ation at all.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that my friend
from Maryland begs the entire question when he
undertakes to say that this section does not apply
in all eases—m other words, when he undertakes
to say that you cannot apply it to appropriations
for the construction of buildings, although there
is nothing in the scction indicating a purpose so
to apply it. I say the gentleman begs the entire
question, and surrenders the principle which he
is seeking to have ingrafted into our legislation.
Now, sir, if this amendment is to be regarded as
excepting anything, I take it that the officers of
the Treasury, in construingit, mustascertam that
exception from the identical woids employed in
the law limiting it to particular cases, and declar-
ing that it shall not apply to other eases. Well,
sir, let us see if there is any limitation of this sort
in this second section. It reads:
i% That no part of the money herein 'appropriated shall be
paid out of the Treatuiy lor any expenses which accrued,
oi shall acoiuo,6e/bre the commencement or after the term-
ination of (he fiscal year ending the '30th of June, 18.59.
Is there any limitation in those words which
would authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in
case of a building, or of a contract for mateiial,
or in any other conccivable case, to so constiue
this law as to exempt any one thing for which an
appropriation was made, if the expenditure was
not strictly confined within the limits of the year ?
It strikes me that it could not he so construed;
that it is patent and palpable that it could not be
so construed.
Rut my fiicnd from Maryland says there is no
trouble at all in executing this provision of law.
Why. sir, if he will take the trouble to look at
the estimates submitted at the opening of this ses-
sion, he will find theie are some sixteen million
dollars appropriated m the last year, which arc to
be expended for the purposes for which the appro-
priations are made, in the nox? fiscal year. Now,
Sir, will it not, under the terms of ihis section, be
absolutely necessary that every one of these items
of expenditure should be strictly confined to the
year for which it is appropriated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The language of
this section only makes the provision apply to the
money appiopnated in this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. The principle is the same;
and the gentleman undertakes, not only to apply
it fo this bill, but to every bill that comes up.
The gentleman cannot get rid of the difficulty by
telling me that it only applies to the moneys ap-
propriated in this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend will do me
the just ice to allow me to explain my position. I say
the difference between this provision in the bill and
the one which the from gentleman Ohio proposed
to apply to another bill is, that m that case the ex-
isting estimates were made upon the supposition
that the balances of tiie last year could be applied
to the following year. To avoid that difficulty a
proviso was added. That proviso was then neces-
sary, because that was a general enactment cover-
ing all appropriations, and the difference between
this bill and that is, that the limitation here only
applied to the moneys appropriated m this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no difference in
principle, nor is there any reason why, if the prin-
ciple is applied here, it should not be applied gen-
erally. 1 refer, for instance, to page 42 of the esti-
mates, in which the Secretary reports that there
was a' balance'of $173,750 for the salaries of con-
suls unexpended at the close of the last year. He
reports that unexpended balance to the House,
and asks that, instead of appropriating $273,000,
which is the amount necessary for the present
year, that we should only appropriate $100,000,
leaving the balance to be made up from the sur-
plus holding over from the last year. These two
sums make up the required amount of $'273,750.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is to prevent
exactly that application of the appropriation that
this section is intended.
Mr. LETCIiER. Well, sir, I confess I can-
not understand the difference; the money has
to be used, whether you appropriate the whole
. amount, or only appropriate enough to make up
the whole amount with the unexpended balance
on hand.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If there is an un-
expended balance let it go back into the Treas-
ury, and be reappropriatedfor the next year. The
object i wish to have accomplished is to bring the
Departmentunder the control of Congressin their
expenditures.
Mr. LETCHER. Cuibono? Themoneymust
go back into the Treasury, and be reappropriated
if this provision is adopted. Now, if this $173,750
was appropriated for the payment of the salaries
of consuls, what difference docs it make whether
it is applied to the payment of these salaries for
the present year, and only $100,000 appropriated
to make up the full amount required; or whether
the money goes back into the Treasury, and you
appropriate the full amount of $273,750 ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It makes this dif-
ference. It is the right of Congress to say whether
we will appropriate any money at all for this pur-
pose, and if Congress decides it will not, still the
Executive may use the unexpended bffiance in
defiance of the will of Congress, unless the prin-
ciple which we contend for is recognized.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 put it to my friend to say
whether the State Department or the President
could use this excess for any other purpose than
consular services ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Under the con-
struction of the law and the practice of the De-
partments, it seems to me that they can use u for
almost any purpose at any time. N
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine the gentleman
refers to the War Department. We have now
upon the statute-book a provision of law which
applies to the War and the Navy Departments,
and wluchauthorizes them, under certain circum-
stances, to make contracts beyond the amount
appropriated for the purpose. Is there any such
express authority, or can there be any contract
connected with the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice, where this money could be so applied un-
authorized bylaw?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend will
allow me to make a suggestion. Suppose that
this House should not be desirous of continuing
a consulship at Liverpool, or anywhere else: if
there is a balance of appropriation from the last
year, it is out of our power to do so, unless we
pass an affirmative law, because the President can
go on and pay him. Whereas, if annually we are
called on to appropriate, we will have, as we ought
to have, the absolute control of saying affirma-
tively whether any money shall bo expended for
that purpose or not.
Mr. LETCHER. All very true, Mr. Speaker;
but if Congress should think that a consulship
should be abolished, of course they will abolish
it, and will not appropriate the money, because
there will be no reason then for the appropriation.
There can be none; but docs that relieve the dif-
ficulty here undei this clause of the law? It strikes
me, not; but let us sec: here is the law in regard
to the surplus fund; let us sec where my friend's
argument is going to take him. He says that, if
money is appropriated now, and that money is
intended to be applied to a particular purpose,
and is not applied, it is still applicable to that
purpose, and docs not revert to the Treasury,
even under the two-years law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir; it does not
say that. I am not sure as to the construction of
the two-years law. I do not mean to express an
opinion on it, but it is probable that the operation
of the two-years law is to carry back to the
Treasury everything which is not actually paid
out. That is my impression of the effect of it.
Not merely that which is unexpended, but that
which is not actually paid out.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely; and I maintain
that there cannot be a constructive expenditure of
