576
THE . .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4f
upon, by the Legislature were intended to cat off
the population, that would pour into the Terri-
tory from March to the third Monday of June.
The machinery and the carrying into effect the
whole arrangement, were intended expressly to
take,possession of that Territory and make it a
"slave State.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. WILSON. .Certainly.
Mr. PUGFJ. I understand the Senator com-
plains of the convention act of 1857, because it was
designed to cut off the spring emigration of that
year. Am I right in that?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Then why does the Senator com-
plain that the spring emigration of 1855 voted ?
It is as long as it is Broad.
Mr. WILSON. I will state the difference. This
a-ct provided for taking the census; and I think it
was to be closed in March or April. Then the
names were to be placed in the hands of officials,
%vho were to make up the registration. This was
to be done early in May; aresidenceof six months
was required to entitle a man to vote. It cut off
the thousands who went there as actual residents
in March, April, May, and the first three weeks
of June—men who were to cast their fortunes in
that Territory. The four thousand nine hundred
men who went over from Missouri in 1855, went
back the next day; marched back with banners
and music; they were not, and did not intend to
be residents. That is the difference. I hope the
Senator from Ohio sees it. I complain that the
men who go there to live are cut off. I do not
complain that the men who gothere to vote should
bo cut off, whether they go from the North or the
South.
The Senator from Mississippi quotes Governor
Walker as saying on the 27 tli of July, that there
was no longerany fear of invasion from Missouri,
and the people could vote.
Why, sir, they wore culled to vote for dele-
gates on the third Monday in June, and this letter
was written on the 27th of July. The Senator
from Mississippi ought to be a little more accu-
rate in his facts, and 1 commend him to the study
of old speeches, to listen to old speeches with
patience, until he is better posted in his facts.
This letter has reference to the October election,
to the election of the Legislature under the Ter-
ritorial laws, and not the election of delegates to
the convention. The people voted m October,
because in their 9th of June convention, before
the delegates were elected, the people assembled
in tile largest convention ever held in Kansas;
they discussed the questions connected with the
interests of that Territory for two days, and voted
with only tine exception to go into the October
election. They voted to elect their officers under
the Topeka constitution in the first week of Au-
gust. They did elect officers under the Topeka
constitution, and they went into the territorial
election in October, and carried that election.
But the Senator from Mississippi has great
doubts about frauds. Does he not know that the
people were nearly being cheated out of their
Legislature? If Governor Walker had not as-
sumed the responsibility of throwing out some
fraudulent votes, the people who triumphed by
five thousand majority, who cast nine thousand
votes against four thousand for the pro-slavery
candidate for Congress, would have been cheated
out of the Legislature. The frauds at Kiekapoo,
at Oxford, and in MoGee county, if allowed to
pass uncorrected, would have lost them the Logis-
lutuie. Governor Walker saw that these frauds
were so great that ho must reject them, and he
did reject the McGee and the Oxford frauds.
Mr! FESSENDEN. He rejected them for in-
formality.
Mr. WILSON. He rejected them, as the Sen-
ator from Maine suggests, for informality; but
he went down to Oxford and found " six houses"
and only a few people there. He found that over
fifteen hundred fraudulent votes had been returned,
and he threw out the returns.
In answer to questions of the Senator from Ne w
Ilampshiic, the Senator from Mississippi said
there might be occasion to go behind the instru-
ment, and investigate the fiauds. Now what are
the charges? That there were frauds in the elec-
tions of the 21st of December and 4th of January
everybody knows. The convention which framed
the Lecompton constitution was elected in June.
It met and adjourned to a period after the October
election. When they saw that the Territory was
taken possession of by the free-State men, they
changed their tactics. It is true, meetings were
got up, asking Calhoun and his associates not to
submit the constitution to the people. Calhoun
and those men had pledged themselves to do it.
On the demand of the President, on the promise
of Governor Walker, and the declarations of the
Washington Union, they had promised the people
of Kansas that they would submit the constitution
to the people. They provided for its submission in
such a way that Governor Walker could not cor-
rect frauds as he had done in the case of Oxford
and McGee county, and so that Calhoun could
have the matter in his hands—a man who would
not only permit the frauds, but, if necessary,
make the frauds himself. He was just the man
to do it; for God never allowed to walk the green
earth any man who more richly deserves to die
a traitor's death, and leave a traitor's name, than
John Calhoun.
Mr. GREEN. Say it to his face.
Mr. WILSON. I have said it here, and it goes
on the record. I have no fearof the toolsof border
ruffianism in Washington or in Kansas. I am able
to take care of myself. I will try to do so, at any
rate. Sir, this John Calhoun has cheated and de-
frauded the people of Kansas out of their sacred
rights. He has committed a crime against the
liberties of the people which will associate his
name with tyranny and tyrants while the history
of Kansas shall be read and remembered by man-
kind.
The Senator from Mississippi justifies the
refusal to submit the constitution. Why, sir, it
has been the policy to ascertain the popular will.
These men knew that if they submitted the con-
stitution to the people it would be voted down,
four or five to one. The President says they
would have voted it down because they did not
like it. What business was it to John Calhoun,
or to that convention, or to the President of the
United States, whetherthe people of Kansas would
vote down tin; constitution or not ? That was their
business. It does not belong to the Presidentor
his Cabinet to pronounce on their motives for
doing it It is an insult to a free people to talk
to them in this language, whether it comes from
the executive mansion or that class of men who
formed the convention thatassembled in Kansas.
The vote was taken on that provision of the
constitution, whether Kansas should be a slave
State with the slave trade, or whether Kansas
should be a slave State without the slave trade.
That was the whole of it. Kansas was to be a
slave State anyhow. In order to make it a slave
State without the slave trade, the voter had to
vote for the constitution. No one could vote
against it. It was one of the most stupendous
insults to a free people that a body of usurpers
everoffered. They took theirvotes. They have
returned six thousand seven hundred votes at that
election—thirteen hundred down at this little
township of Oxford. The town of Kiekapoo gave
nearly eleven hundred votes—-a town that cannot
have legally more than four hundred voters. Pour
or five towns make up three thousand fraudulent
votes given on that day. No man who knows
anything of Kansas believes that there were more
than twenty-live hundred, at the utmost, lepal
votes given in Kansas on that constitution. The
Legislature have sent a commission to Kiekapoo
to examine into the frauds.
The St. Louis Republican publishes a letter in
regard to this investigation; and I wish to call the
attention of Senators to it, especially the Senator
from Missouri. The St. Louis Democrat makes
an abstract of this correspondence:
On the original poll-book of the vote on the constitu-
tion, December 21,1857, which book is now oil file m the
couniv recoidei office ui Leavemvuith, it was discovered
that James Buchanan, President of the United States, cast
the two hundred and seventieth vote."
Mr. SEWARD. What day was that?
Mr. WILSON. _0n the 21st of December.
Mr. GREEN. For or against slavery?
Mr. WILSON. "For the constitution with
slavery,'' of course. The Senator need give him-
self no anxiety what vote James Buchanan would
give in Kansas or out ofit. I wish the President
would go to Kansas. He has sent out his Gov-
ernors there; and they went as men sent out of
old to curse the people, and they come back bless-.,
ing the people. If the President was there a
few weeks he would become a wiser and better.
I man. Instead of denouncing these people as'
j rebels, I think he would came back and say that'
| he found a people loving liberty, law, and order,
who had been oppressed by a class of corrupt and
unprincipled officials. 1
" Next on the list of distinguished names appears, as the*
two hundiedond seventy-sixth voter, WilliamH. Seward of
New Yoik." [Laughter.]
They do not say how William H. Seward voted,
on that day, but we all know how William H. *
Seward would have voted if he had been there.-
" 323d. Thos. F. Marshad, of Kentucky. 714th. George/*
W. Brown, Editor Herald of Freedom. Then, 859th. John
C. Fremont." [Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. How did he vote?
Mr. WILSON. It does not tell how any of;
them voted except Buchanan.
" Then comes the eight hundred and seventy-sixth voter,
-f. XV. Denver, Governor of Kansas, who had only taken;
his place the day before, and was then in T.ecompton, fifty ;
miles distant. Thomas H. Benton appears as the nine hun-
dred and fifteenth voter. And now it was dark, the polls -
being kept open till half past six o'clock, when, alas! fop
frail humanity, for the compunctious visitmgs of conscience,'
in Mips Horace Greeley, [laughter,] and stealthily deposits^
his ballot as the nine'hundred and eightieth voter. It is*
now half past six o'clock, and the cm lam rises on the last
act of the drama, and in steps, in all his majestic propor-
tions, Edwin Forrest, as the one thousand and twenty-sixth
voter. Tins is Mr. Forrest's first appeaiance on a Kansas. -
stage." f .
Mr. PUGH. What is that you are reading? '
Mr. WILSON. It is an abstract of the corre-.
spondence of the St. Louis Republican.
Mr. PUGH. What is the paper you have in/
your hand ?
Mr. WILSON. The St. Louis Democrat.
"It is further stated by the correspondent that 'one of tile
Kiekapoo judges who was before the commission refused to
answer the question whether a majority of the names on
the poll-books were fictitious or not, for fear of criminating ■
himself!' "
I do not vouch for the correctness of these state-
ments. i
Now, are not Senators prepared to adopt the
amendment I have proposed, or the resolution pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, and examine ■ .
these charges before they hurry this State into the
Union against the manifest hostility of the people?
At the 4th of January election, Delaware Cross-.
inggave,itissaid,forty-threevotes. These votes
had not got in when Governor Denver, and Mr.
Deitzler, and Mr. Babcock, counted the votes. It
now turns out that the returns have come in from
that Crossing where forty-three votes were given
and they have returned three hundred and seventy-
nine majority for the slave ticket, and that ticket
is elected by that vote, being eight representatives
from Leavenworth district and three councilors,
making a change of six in the Council and sixteen
in the House, changing the whole political com-
plexion of the State.
The frauds in Kansas are patent to the whole,
country; nobody doubts them. There is not anj
intelligent man in America who doubts them.
When these charges have gone over this country, '
why is it that the President of the United States,
against the protests of some of the ablest and best
men of his party, in this body and in the other •-
House; against the voice of the press of his party
in the Northwest; against the intelligence that
comes flashing over the wires and by mail, by
presses, and by letters from all quarters of the
Union, sends in this message misrepresenting,
misstating the affairs in Kansas, and pressing its
prompt admission ? Why is it that Senators—
honorable men—men who ought to scorn to do a
mean thing—also press it? Why is it that this
is pressed, to be hurried through, and this act
consummated, when wc know that, on the 4th of
January, twelve or thirteen thousand men of that
T erritory voted against this constitution, and there •
were only six thousand seven hundred votes cast
for it on December 21, of which three or four
thousand were unquestionably fraudulent. I say
there is only one power on this continent that
could thus control, direct, and guide men, and that
is that gigantic slave power which holds this Ad- ■
ministration in the hollow of its hand, that guides
and directs the Democratic party, and which has
only to stamp its foot, and the men who wield the
Government of this country tremble and submit
and bow to its will.
Senators talk about the dangers of the coun-
\1
'I
*
1
