mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Secretary of the Treasury, who has arrested this
payment, is in favor of its being retained. Tj>o
House of Representatives directed the Clerk to do
certain duties, under which resolution fifteen or
eighteen thousand dollars have been paid oat. He
has been arrested by this new construction of an
old Jaw-. That being the case, I think we should
retain this section, arid then arrest the system of
extra pay in both Houses of Congress. The
House of Representatives has been aceustomed
for'years to pay extra compensation. The Senate
has done the same thing. Even at the last session
of Congress, I think, the Senator from Virginia
will find that toe paid clerks for sixty days after
the adjournment. I think that every year I have
been here we have given extra compensation. In
my judgment, it should be stopped; but [ do not
see why we should begin with a past House of
Representatives. Let this be carried out. Eigh-
teen thousand dollars have been expended, I un-
derstand, under that resolution of the House of
Representatives, by the Clerk. I understand that
the Secretary of the Treasury thinks that in jus-
tice the action tinder the resolution of the House
of Representatives ought to be completed. Then
we should stophere with a fair understanding as
to the matter. For that reason, I shall vote to
retain this section as it came from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. STUART. I certainly cannot find myself
able to vote for the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina, aside from anything contained in
the section itself. In the first place, if we pass this
section, we do approve of the payment, so far as
our action is concerned; and, so far as any disap-
proval is concerned, it is found in the language of
Senators on this floor. I am opposed to any amend-
ment which proposes to contradict the effect of the
section passed. It isequivalent to saying, we vote
#20 ,000,but we do not mean to vote it. Next, so
far as it may be notice hereafter to the House of
Representatives, I cannot agree to it in that re-
spect; for I do not think it is proper for one House
to Say to the other, " we will do this act this time,
but we will not do itagaiii." In fact, sir, I confess
there is very great force in what has been said by
the Senator from Maine on the whole question.
As an original proposition, I doubt very much the
propriety of a law which undertakes to limit the
expenditure of the contingent fund ofeither House,
for the reason that the expenditure of that fund
depends upon emergencies. An emergency arises,
the effect of which ought to bo determined by the
House whose fund it is, and that House ought to
be held responsible for it. There is a sufficient
chcck growing out of the fact alluded to both by
the Senator from Maine and the Senator from
Tennessee. If there is an unusual, an extraordi-
nary, an unjustifiable appiopriation of the contin-
gent fund upon any occasion, reject that; reject it
at the time; but to lay down a general rule, and
say that under no circumstances shall either House
pay out of its contingent fund any extraordinary
expenses is, m my humble opinion, what ought
never to be said.
But it seems that the construction of the law of
1845, down to the inauguiaUon of the pi t-sriit Sec-
retary of the Treasury, has been uniform, that it
terminated with the year, and such allowances
have been heretofore made. In this instance, it is
asserted that they have been paid; and the pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury, notwithstanding
he refuses to pass the account, recommends that
Congress enact a law authorizing him to pass it.
That is his judgment. We have, then, the judg-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
^Judgment of the House of Representatives upon
the question.
Now, is there anything in this subject so im-
portant in itself, so aggravating in its character,
as to induce the Senate to interpose, and to say,
we will refuse our assent? I confess"to you it
does not so strike me. But, sir, my purpose in
rising chiefly was to say, in respect to this amend-
ment, that, while I know the good faith in which
tfie Senator from North Carolina offered it—and
I appreciate fully his motives—yetits character is
such that I cannot agree to it. I cannot agree, as
I said, to an amendment which in its terms pur-
ports to give a different construction to an act from
what the act itself bears. Nor can I agree to it
so far as it may be contemplated as a notice to the
other House in future. It is a very delicate
question to make an intimation by one House
to the other as to what they may expect in the
future.
Mr. BIGGS. I certainly do not agree with the
Senator from Michigan in regard to the propriety
of the act of 1845. The most of his argument is
against the law^ I am convinced of the propriety
of the law; I tnink it is a proper law. Its object
was fo prevent the allowance of extra compensa-
tion to officers who had regular4 salaries fixed by
law, and to prevent one House from increasing
those salaries without the concurrence of the other.
I entirely concur in the prtjpriety of that law, and
the construction which has been given to it by the
Treasury Department that it is in full force; but
a different construction had been given to it here-
tofore, and therefore I proposed the amendment
now before the Senate.
The Senator from Michigan objects to that
amendment for two reasons. He says that in the
very law we pass—this being a part of the law,
if we insert it—we disavow by the appropriation
what is contemplated by the amendment. Not at
all. This is only an amendment intending tt) affect
future appropriations in violation of the law of
1845. It is intended, in effect, to reermct that law;
and to give notice not only to the House of Rep-
resentatives, but to the whole world, in the form
of a law, that hereafter no other appropriations in
violation of that section of the act of 1845, shall
be permitted. So far as notice to the House of
Representatives is concerned, certainly it does not
partake of the character that has been given to
it by the Senator from Michigan; because, when
the House of Representatives concurs in this
amendment that is proposed, it is not only a no-
tice given to the House of Representatives by us,
but a notice that the House of Representatives
themselves give, and a notice that the law gives
to the world, and to all the officers that arc to be
controlled by the action of Congress. It is a con-
currence, therefore, by the two Houses, to an act
of Congress in which they substantially reenact
and give notice to the accounting officers—to the
whole world; to the House of Representatives,
to this House, and to all other persons that are to
be controlled by the law—that hereafter no further
appropriation shall be made in violation of that
law.
That is the sum and substance of the amend-
ment; it means nothing more than that; and it is
proper, it seems to me, in this case, on account of
the coursc that has heretofore been pursued under
the law. It is not proper, perhaps, to express an
opinion as to the propriety of the course pursued
by the House of Representatives in making this
allowance. This is not exactly the psoper oc-
casion to express mv opinion on that subject. If
it were, I mijjht differ very much, indeed, as to
the propriety of the allowances that hav." boor?
made, but that is not the question involved here.
These allowances have been made, and they have
heretofore been passed by the account ins officers
of the Treasury until this case arose. They have
been passed, in my opinion, m violation of huv;
but up to the present case they have been passed.
Then, under the circumstances of the case, taking
all things into consideration, it appears to me that
it is bett'-r to agree to disappropriation with a dis-
tinct notice, not given by the Senate to the House
of Representatives, but by the concurrence of
both Houses to tins-provision, that in future no
further appropriations of tins character will be
permitted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me, sir, tluit
the section proposed to be stricken out is almost
the only provision which this biil contains that
makes appropiiations; for a real deficiency, and
that all the other provisions of the bill may rather
be called by the, general term of appropriations
than deficiencies. This money has been paid out
by the Clerk of tl^e other House, under the au-
thority of resolutions of that House, and under
the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who had always theretofore construed such res-
olutions as sufficient to authorize the payment.
The present Secretary of the Treasury, now m
office little more than one year, is the first authority
by whom that construction has been changed. He
refused to allow a credit, and peihaps very prop-
el ly, being of opinion that the law did not war-
rant it; but he, impressed with the justice ©fallow-
ing it to the Clerk, who has made the payments,
recommends that, the appropriations be now sanc-
tioned, &nd the payments authorized. Nothing
seems to me to be more appropriate to this bill, and
nothing seems to me to be more proper than the
amendment offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, to guard against the recurrence of these
inadvertencies on the part of the House of Rep-
resetttativesin future, and to give notice that such
allowances are not consider^ lawful, nor such
resolutions a proper authority on which to draw
money from the Treasury of the United States.
My own impression is -that they are not; but
when this has gone so far under the sanction of
former precedents, and under the sanction of the
House of Representatives, that the officer acting
under their authority has actually disbursed the
money, the question is whether the loss shall fall
on the nation or fall on the innocent officer, per-
forming his duty, as he supposed, faithfully. I
cannot hesitate to say, let it fall on the Govern-
ment.
But it does seem to me a little strange, Mr.
President, that an appropriation, accompanied
with such circumstances, should alone have at-
tiacted the attention of the honorable Commit-
tee on Finance. We know some of them to be
marked by principles of economy; but all this
monstrous bill, appropriating for alleged defici-
encies about ten millions of dollars, is passed over,
and the economy of the committee is only exhib-
ited when they come to this miserable little item
of payments, made to a small amount, to officers
to the other House of Congress. Sir, I think when
that committee could have reconciled themselves
to the vast appropriations of the public money,
amounting to nearly ten million dollars, for al-
leged deficits in the appropriations of the last
year, this little article might have been suffered to
escape, unless it was thought necessary, in the
face of such unusual and unparalleled appropri-
ations, to make some show of economy, and to
select some little item for the purpose of indul-
ging this temper of economy upon. I impute it
altogether to the necessities of the case, that the
gentlemen should have resorted to this little topic
for the purpose of displaying their economy upon
it. Let it go with the ten millions.
I know it is said that this vast and unusual de-
ficiency has been the result of extraordinary cir-
cumstances. Well, sir, 1 know of but one ex-
traordinary circumstance, and that is, that under
the authority of the President an army has been
marched into Utah, and at vast expense has been
provisioned and is to be provisioned in the midst
of the Rocky Mountains. Provisions arc to be
earned to them a distance of one thousand or
twelve hundred miles. This is very costly. Why
has it been so? Why,if this army was destined
against the Mormons, was it not marched in time
to accomplish its object, and avoid, to some ex-
tent, this vast expense? Why, if circumstances
did not permit it to march in time, was it not de-
feired until it could accomplish something in the
course of the next summer? Where was the ne-
cessity for this movement on the part of the Gov-
ernment ? I agree that it is the duty of this Gov-
ernment to reduce to proper subjection to its laws
all that live within its jurisdiction; but this is u
momentous movement. What right had the ex-
ecutive Government, I ask, knowing that Con-
gress had made no provision, by appropriations,
to meet such an event, to incur the expense ? If
it contemplated, duting the last session of Con-
gress, such a movement, it ought to have been
made known to Congress, and the sanction of
Congress obtained by a grant of the necessary
supplies. If it was notanticipated or then resolved
upon, ought not the Executive, when an addi-
tional expense of $10,000,000 was to be incurred
and thrown upon this Government by a military
movement,to wait until Congress could have been
consulted as the means of obtaining supplies and
appropriations? I think so. The President, by
creating a necessity for us to expend the money,
has, m effect, made an appropriation of it himself.
It amounts to that. He creates the necessity
which renders it inevitable that we must make the
appropriation. We cannot abandon our army
where he has placed it; we must make provision
for it; and by this very movement he has thrown
upon us the necessity of this greatly increased ex-
pense. It seems to me that this is not a policy ex-
actly conformable to the spirit of our Government.
He might as well have thrown upon un in any
other mode, the necessity of expense. He might
as well have purchased foreign territory and left us
