THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thjrty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session-.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 37.
try. Great God! What are our dangers ? The
danger is that there is such a power, a local, sec-
tional power, that can control this Government,
can ride over justice, ride over a wronged peo-
ple, consummate glaring and outrageous frauds,
and override and trample down the will of a brave
and free people. That is the danger. The time
has come when the freemen of this country, look-
ing to liberty, to popular right, to justice, to all
sections of the country, should overthrow this
p.ower and trample it under their feet forever.
The time has come when the people should rise
in the majesty of conscious power, and hurl from
office and from places of influence the men who
thus bow to this tyi'anny.
Senators are anxious about the Union. The
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] to-day
thought it was in peril. Well, sir, I have no alarm
about it. I am in the Union; my State is in the
Onion; we intend to stay in it. If anybody wants
to go out, there are Mexico, and Central Amer-
ica, and the valley of the Amazon, all open to emi-
gration; let them start. I shall do nothing to keep
them in the Union. But all this continent now
in the Union is American soil, and a part of my
country; and my vote and my influence, now and
forever, will be given to keep it a part of my
country.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, there has been no
disposition on this side of the Senate Chamber to
force this question in any manner whatever. The
motion now pending is a motion to refer it to the
appropriate committee, there to be investigated
and reported back to the Senate for their future
consideration. Why the charge should be made
that there is an attempt to force Kansas into the
Union, is to me most extraordinary indeed. That
question has not yet come up; that question is not
yet before us; no single individual h|is yet said
that that is the question pending for consideration.
I could have raised a point of order on the Senator
from Massachusetts and kept out one of his old
speeches, for I believe we have a rule of the Senate
which says that 110 Senator shall speak more than
once on the same question, until all other Sena-
tors present have spoken. He has, however,
favored us with two of his old speeches. I thank
himfor them. I find no complaint whatever with
them—they arc just about such as I had expected;
without replying to them, for I do not intend to
do so, I must be pei nutted to make a single re-
mark, that I shall never make use of my immunity
as a Senator to utter slanders against citizens of
the United States outside of this Chamber.
I hope this discussion will stop until the subject
be referred, and the facts evolved. Let them all
come out. What right has any man to charge
fraud without giving any evidence of it? He who
makes a charge of fraud without being prepared
with the evidence to substantiate it, is guilty of
calumny and slander; and if he does not give the
evidence, still stands as a slanderer before the coun -
try. Whenever I make a charge in this Cham-
ber, I shall be prepared with the facts to substan-
tiate the charge I make. I may have an opinion
smothered up in my own bosom until the evi-
dence comes that will justify me to give it utter-
ance; but until that evidence does come, if I dare
make the accusation, I am nothing but a calum-
niator and a slanderer before the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator a question—whether it is the design of
the committee to take testimony in relation to all'
the charges which have been made in reference to
these frauds, and examine into them before they
make a report?
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator asks the ques-
tion, and will take his seat, I will answer him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have asked the ques-
tion, and now I take my seat.
Mr. GREEN. Now I will answer. Until it
is referred to us I shall not undertake to speak for
the committee; but I can say that we will under-
take to do justice to the whole subject; and more
than that, we will undertake to be guided by any
directions the Senate may see proper to give us.
This is my answer. If a more explicit or more
37
full answer be desired, I will still give that. I
have heard, day after day, and kept my seat in
silence, with all the harassed feelings that a son
of Missouri must necessarily be expected to feel,
these imputations thrown outagainstMissourians
when I knew they were false, and when the men
making them dare not pretend to substantiate
them before the country; but I stand m the de-
fense on the negative. He who makes an affirm-
ative charge is guilty of slander, if he does not
sustain it. lie who makes it, and throws it broad-
cast before the country without giving the grounds
on which he dares to make it, is equally guilty,
because the country is not prepared to justify the
accusation. Let the facts be investigated. We are
begging for an investigation. We are proposing
that the matter shall be icferred to the appropriate
committee, there to be investigated, instead of
that, we arc charged with undertaking to force
Kansas into the Union, right or wrong.
Such is not the object; and if, when the facts are
developed; if, when the scrutiny of this committee
has been applied to them, they do not believe that
the rules of law, of justice, and of constitutional
government, will justify the admission of the State,
it will be, so far as I am concerned at least, re-
ported against; but I do not deem it proper to sit
silent ill my seat while these unjust charges are
made; while these broad assertions are repeated
again and again, that the people of Kansas do not
desire admission into the Union, when Senators
have no right to make any such assertion, or pre-
sent any such charge. Who are the people of
Kansas, in a governmental sense' The women
and children? No. The Indians who inhabit the
Territory, and who are not incorporated in the
civil society there ? No. Who, then, are the peo-
ple of Kansas ? The loyal, obedient subjects; the
citizens who acknowledge and who owe allegiance
to this Government; not rebels, not those who owe
no allegiance to our Government, not alien ene-
mies who happen to be encamped within tile bound-
aries of the Kansas Territory—they are not cit-
izens of Kansas; they have no right to a voice iiv
the determination of the civil policy of Kansas;
and when you talk of the great majority, the over-
whelming influence that surrounds the outsiders
of Kansas against this constitution, there is not a
single Senator who dares say, on his honor as a
gentleman, that they are citizens of the United
States, much less inhabitants of the Territory of
Kansas. When I refer to the vote cast, when I
refer to the legal proceedings had, I assert that
those who participated in them—and no man dare
controvert it without my riveting on him the fal-
sity of his denial—arc citizens of the United States,
ill allegiance with our Government, and of right
exercise the power which they assert in that Ter-
ritory.
There are many points to be investigated in this
matter. I have forborne much. I have listened
without complaint to the taunts and slanders and
insinuations which have been asserted against the
State of Missouri; but there is a point beyond
which forbearance ceases to be a virtue; and it is
well-nigh approached. The facts must be devel-
oped; the facts will be evolved; and when those
facts come before us, those who have been loudest
in making these denunciations will either have to
take them back with humiliation and contempt,
or acknowledge that they have made the asser-
tions without proof.
Talk to me of Kansas! I know not what vote
has been cast, there. I am asking for an investi-
gation, and I implore members of the Senate to
defer their arguments on the subject until the facts
are developed; and, at the same time, I say to them
that if they want the committee to summon wit-
nesses, to call for persons and papers, to bring
out a more perfect understanding of all the facts,
and give us that authority, let them do so accord-
ing to their own will and pleasure. Because we
ask this, we are charged with undertaking to force
it down their throats. No, Mr. President, there
is nothing like it upon this side oftho Chamber.
When the Senator rises m his seat and reads
about James Buchanan, and William H. Seward
and other men voting, he knows—I do not mean
that he guesses—that they are fictitious votes.
Mr. WILSON. They are counted.
Mr. GREEN. So far as any evidence is be-
fore us in the Senate, as honorable Senators I
ask you who is it that gave fictitious names iji-
Kansas when the registry was taken ? We have
no evidence that anybody did so, but a certain
class. Your own man, Secretary Stanton, said
that the Republicans in many instances refused
to give their names, and in other instances gave
fictitious names. Some base Republican may have
assumed the name of James Buchanan; some
base Republican may have assumed the name of
William II. Seward; and this, I am justified in
asserting before the Senate, from the legal evi-
dence before us. I pause for a reply, and am
willing to rcceive it. There is not a particle of
evidence before us of any man assuming a name,
or making use of a fictitious name except that
anti-slavery, that Republican party, which, not
content with abiding by the forms of law and of
constitutional obligation, have been intent on
making Kansas a free State without African sla-
very, right or wrong, and they therefore are to
be charged with the assumption of those names.
It is known to you, sir, that they not only or-
ganized a party, but gave it a military form, and
in that military form they even aped the ritual of
the Free Masons in initiation, and required an oath
on admission, by which the initiate swore "to
use all exertions to make Kansas a non-slave-
holdingState." WhatCongress ludrefused todoj
what the Senate and House of Representatives
and the President of the United States had said
we have not the competent power to accomplish,
you outside of the Territory of Kansas will im-
port hired mercenaries to do; you will, as your
own men themselves assert, make them swear an
oath to do what Congress has not the power to do
and what the Supreme Court of the United States
has said Congress cannot do. Because these move-
ments are frustrated, and an overruling Provi-
dence has so directed the result of human events
that it comes in otherwise, complaint is to be
made and we are to be held up before the country
as guilty of fraud. I hurl back the accusation.
Why, Mr. President, frauds may have been com-
mitted; I do not pretend to say frauds have not
been committed. I say that so far as my experi-
ence extends, there never has been an election in
the United States in which there may not have
been some fraud. Yes, sir, I do not believe there
ever has been an election in the United States at
which some minor, some man outside of the dis-
trict, some one not qualified by law, has not as-
sumed to exercise the elective franchise when it
did not belong to him. But what I do assert is
this: that there is no fraud in Kansas sufficient
to vitiate the legal proceedings of that Territory,
that they stand with all the sanctions of law, and
that nothing can be brought up against them of a
sufficient magnitude to repel the legal presump-
tion in their favor; that the constitution stands as
the will of the people of Kansas—not of the re-
bellious part, not of alien enemies, not of Mor-
mons or Danites, but of those who owe allegiance
to the country.
I shall not now go into a critical examination of
what the Senator from Massachusetts calls a test
oath. Obnoxious it may have been, or it may not
have been; but this much I will say: if it was, it
was provided for in the exercise of power which
Congress authorized them to exercise, to regulate
the elective fianchise as they pleased. They did
it; and I will say more, that there is nothing vei y
obnoxious in it, as far as I recollect; for it only
required voters to swear to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the organicactof the Ter-
ritory passed by Congress, and the fugitive slave
law, and to pay one dollar tax as evidence of their
citizenship. There are many States in this Union
whose constitutions contain provisions aimost
identically similar with that. Would you have a
man to vote or hold office in Kansas who d< fies the
authority of the Federal Constitution ' No. So
said the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas.
