1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
to pay for it, without consulting us as to the pur-
chase. That was not the course of Mr. Jefferson.
Congress was first asked, " will you make the
appropriation?" and it seems to me, with respect
to this military movement, above all others, Con-
gress ought to have been consulted.
Sir, these bills of deficiency are generally bills
of necessity. We are obliged to pass them be-
cause the money is expended, or contracted to
be expended, and the credit of the Government
pledged; and now, in this case, the existence of
our little army m the Rocky Mountains perhaps
depends upon our passing the bill. We are hardly
left free in making these appropriations of the
public money. We are constrained to do it by
the conduct of the Executive in the management
and command of the Army. I shall yield to it;
but I have thought it necessary and proper to ex-
press my opinion as to the impolicy of the course
that has cast upon us this necessity. I acknowl-
edge the necessity that now exists, and shall
rather consider what is necessary to the preserva-
tion of our army in this emergency, than what is
the policy which I ought to sanction in regard to
this mode of action on the part of the Executive.
I shall vote for the amendment now offered by
the Senator from North Carolina, and' I shall vote
for retaining the third section after it is adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I do not see
any difficulty in the question suggested by two or
three of the gentlemen who have addressed the
Senate with reference to the relative rights and
duties of the two Houses. Nobody disputes the
right of the House of Representatives to use their
contingent fund for all their expenses during the
session. It is appropriated for that purpose. But
I understand this proposition to go further. The
House of Representatives thought proper to make
appropriations for past services rendered toother
Congresses—alleged debts which had been created
for some six or seven years. They cannot do it;
it is illegal; and if they want to pass a law au-
thorizing it because they approve it, there is no
indelicacy in my voting against it because I do
not approve it. They have no right to use the
contingent fund for such purposes. Itisnotgiven
to them to pay the debts of past Congresses,
which they assume to exist, and then to pay. In
this section, they propose to appropriate money
to pay some officers, not for discharging their du-
ties to the last Congress, but for the discharge of
duties before that Congress had any existence. It
presents itself to us simply in this way: is it fit to
be passed ? and is it fit to be passed in this way ?
I say, in the first place, it ought not to be passed
at all; and in the second place, it ought not to be
passed in this way; and therefore I shall not vote
for it.
So far as the remarks of my honorable friend
from Kentucky go, as to the course of the Gov-
ernment, I am not informed; but I have under-
stood, from a slight intimation I have from the
papers, that this money is not expended, and that
this army will not be sent, unless we make the
appropriations. It is not to support the army of
Colonel Johnston in Utah. As far as I am in-
formed, or as far as appears from the report of
the Secretary of War, ample provision was made
at the last session of Congress to send two regi-
ments to Utah ; but, on account of the hostile state
of things arising since the last session of Con-
gress, it is proposed to send three or four thou-
sand «ien, who are on the frontiers, ready to
march to Utah, to the assistance of those regi-
ments sent there on the peace establishment, with-
out reference to hostilities. If I am correctly in-
formed from the Executive Departments, the
appropriations now asked are intended to send
an additional military force, in consequence of the
recent hostility of the Mormons. So the question
presents itself to us whether we are willing to send
any such additional force out there; and the first
point to be determined is, whether it is necessary
or proper. If it is not, I think it ought to be voted
against; and I must be better satisfied than I am
now on that point, or I will not vote for it. If
the Executive believes this course is necessary,
and this amount of assistance should be sent—
three or four thousand other troops, with their
supplies—and Congress concurs in that belief, I
suppose they will go; but if not, they will not go.
I understand that to be the state of the case;
but it is a very bad reason against striking out an
item that is absolutely wrong and improper, to al-
lege that there may be another such. Sir, abuses
cling to each other; they are all natural allies;
they are all kin to one another. Get them in a
bunch, and it is impossible to break them. Get
forty bad things in a bill, and nobody can beat it.
It brings aid of all sorts to it. My rule has been
different from thatof my honorable friend from
Kentucky. I vote against all bad things as I come
to them, whether they be small or large. There-
fore 1 shall vote in support of the action of the
Finance Committee in this case, and when I am
called upon to support one branch of this Govern-
ment in taking money out of the Treasury, with-
out the Constitution, I will not do it; nor do I
know that I will vote for anything else connected
with it. My present impression is that I will not.
Mr. HALE. I am somewhat embarrassed
about this vote; but some doctrines have been
thrown out as the construction which the execu-
tive officers put on appropriation bills, which strike
me as perfectly monstrous, and in contradiction
to what their established practice has been on
other matters. Several years ago—I do not re-
member exactly how long; and lam going to state
from memory altogether—seeing how many ap-
propriation bills were hurried through here at the
close of the session, by which captain such-a-one,
and lieutenant such-a-one, and major such-a-one,
was getting his salary increased without anybody
knowinganything about it, I introduced an amend-
ment that the officers should be confined to their sal-
aries prescribed by law, and that salaries should
not be continued to be paid constantly from appro-
priations made in the annual appropriation bills.
It passed this House, and passed the other, and
became a law. Well, sir, it came very near pro-
ducing a dead lock in the Government, and Mr.
Whittlesey, I think, sentacommunication to Con-
gress, saying that there were so many officers re-
ceiving a salary by virtue of these side-way appro-
priations thatit would be impossible to administer
the Government without alio wingit; and Congress
actually repealed the law before they adjourned,
and left things as they were. You may get an
amendment into an appropriation bill increas-
ing the salary of an officer, and it remains there
eternally—you never can get it out; but if you put
in something to diminish or restrict him, that ex-
pires with the act, and is no part of the law. It
seems to me that is the way we have been going
on.
Why, sir, a great many of the mostimportant
provisions of law are put on to appropriation bills
as a matter of necessity, because appropriation
bills will go through. There is a specific gravity
that carries them right through; and anything
that you can hitch on to them by way of amend-
ment is sure to go through. Other bills you can-
not get along, and the result has been that very
important amendments making great reforms,
some of the greatest reforms we have ever had,
have been hitched on to appropriation bills. Why,
sir, a law that was very much found fault with at
the time it was passed, but which has proved to
be one of the most salutary, wise, and humane
enactments this Government ever made—that
which abolished the system of flogging sailors in
the Navy, was passed in an appropriation bill;
and some of these martinets of the lash under-
took to raise this very question upon that reform,
and the question was actually argued, I think
within two years, before the supreme court of
Massachusetts. It was raised in an action against
an officer for a violation of that law, and it was se-
riously contended that the amendment being to an
appropriation bill, expired with the appropriations
contained in the bill. My only wonder is that the
court did not decide that it was so; but they did
not so decide. They decided that it was a law.
That was the first time I ever knew that such a
construction as that was seriously maintained by
anybody, that a provision of law being attached
to an appropriation bill expired with the year for
which the appropriations were made. If you go
back, you will find that some of the mostimport-
ant provisions of law ever made in our Govern-
ment, and some of the greatest reforms, have
been, from the necessity of the case, hitched on
to appropriation bills.
In regard to the particular provision before the
Senate, some gentlemen are opposed to it because
it carries out a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives which goes back, and pays for services
rendered to other Congresses. But, sir, I tell you,
we are guilty of the same offense. This Senate,
time and again, since the passage of the. law of
1845, have voted money to pay their employes
in direct contravention ofit; just exactjy*as r9ijch
so as this is. It is true, we did not go backhand
payback years; but we have mad fi -these extra
compensations again and again; and. I think,
though I am for enforcing the law,, that it ill be-
comes us to set up our holy indignation against
this violation of the law when we have been ha-
bitually violating it ourselves. More than that,
sir, we shall violate it. We shall violate it again,
and if we do not pass a law, and the Administra-
tion take it into their head, they will do it, and if
they cannot find it in anything else, they will
have a transfer of appropriation: we may pass a
law to print books, and the money will be trans-
ferred to pay clerks or something of that sort,
just exactly as it is known that as long as it is
popular to pay these officers, they will be paid
whether there is any law for it or not.
But I am embarrassed by this proposition. I
understand that the last Clerk of the House, a
gentleman for whom I have the highest regard—
whatever may be said of him otherwise, I believe
him to be as honorable and high-minded a man
as ever held the office—in pursuance of the di-
rections of the House, has actually paid out this
money in good faith, honestly. Now, if we want
to censure the House, I do not think we ought to
do it over General Cullom's back; we h'ad better
do it directly. Last and least of all, ought the
Senate to stand up and vindicate the taw by step-
ping in between General Cullomand the account-
ing officers, when we ourselves have repeatedly,
over and over again, violated the law, and in the
direct face of this law paid our employes extra
compensation since it was passed. I am opposed
to the whole of it, and I have always been op-
posed to it. I am opposed to all illegal and ex-
travagant appropriations; and in my opposition
I have almost been like the old prophet—like one
crying in the wilderness against them. Nobody
has come to my rescue; nobody has stood up with
me; and I feel very much embarrassed now, to be
called upon for the first time to vindicate my sin-
cerity, by punishing an innocent and honest offi-
cer for faithfully carrying out the orders of .the
House. In my view, that is just exactly the way
in which the question presents itself to the Sen-
ate, and I do not think the fact which is insisted
upon by the honorable Senator from Louisiana
makes the least odds in the world; because if it
was against the law to pay the employes of the
last Congress, and was against the law to pay
those of the preceding Congress, one was just as
much a violation of the law as the other, and if
we pay for the one we may as well pay for the
other.
Under these circumstances, I shall vote for the
original section; and I must say that I have some
doubts about voting for the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina, for the reason that
it does not seem to me to be honest. I do not
mean that the Senator is not honest; but it seems
to me it is like a reformed drunkard. He makes
up his mind that he never ought to do the thing,
and then says: " I will take this glass; but I will
never drink again." [Laughter.] Such promises
of amendment as that never amount to anything.
If you mean to stop, stop now when the tempta-
tion is at your lips. It seems to me that the con-
struction of the honorable Senator's amendment
is that we are going to violate the law this time;
but we are sorry for it, and will never do it again.
I think if we have that penitence in our hearts,
we had better keep it there—not make any pro-
fession of it until we are ready to put it in prac-
tice. I am rather opposed to the amendment; and
as to the provision as it stands in the bill, under
the circumstances, I do not say that it ought to
be passed; but somehow or other I have a sort of
notion thayf the thing can be done, it ought to
be winked at and permitted to slide, if that is the
expression; and that we should not interpose in
this way to punish the Clerk of the last House^,
of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I presented
the objection to this third section of the House
bill as briefly and as simply as I could. The ob-
jection rested on the fact that it was ja apposi-
tion to law, as we believed, as the Comptroller of
the Treasury has determined,as the Secretary of
the Treasury has declared; and I submitted it to
