578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Would you have a man to vote and hold office there
who denies the organic act of Kansas ? No. So
said the Territorial Legislature. Would you have
a man to vote or hold office in Kansas who denies
the legality of the fugitive slave law? No; because
it is passed by constitutional authority to carry
outaprovision of the Federal Constitution. Such
being the case, there is nothing very wrong in
that. If they thought proper to superadd a pro-
vision requiring evidence of citizenship strong
enough to produce a certificate that a man had
paid a tax, is that anything very extraordinary?
In the State of Missouri, border-ruffian as it is,
but yet imbued with all the principles of liberty
that burn in all the purity they ever did in the
presence of the vestal virgins, the law requires
a man, before he can take a seat in the Legisla-
ture, to produce evidence that he has that year
paid his State and county tax. The people of
Kansas, living just beyond the border of Missouri,
many of them being emigrants from Missouri, if
they imitate the example which Missouri and
other States have set, there is nothing very ex-
ceptionable in that.
So I might go on, but I will not do it. My ob-
ject to-night is not to prolong this debate; not to
enter into this discussion at all, but to beg of
friends and foes—1 mean in a political sense, for I
luiow I have no personal foes here, because lam
no man's personal enemy myself, and I judge of
others by myself—to let the question be taken at
once. Let the message be referred so that it may
be investigated and reported back, either favor-
ably or unfavorably. If you want the committee
invested with power to take evidence, pass your
resolution accoidingly; and whether done right
or wrong, when it is reported back you can in-
vestigate with more intelligence, 011 a better pre-
dication of facta than you possibly can before
that investigation is had. It is alone for this
purpose that I press the matter.
I know the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
den] indicated a desire to be heard on this sub-
ject. 1 am the last man in the world to interfere
with his desire; and if he insists 011 being heard
before the reference, I shall not even aslc for a
vote; but if ho can forbear until the reference is
liad and the investigation made, I will lake it as a
great favor, as it will tend to expedite the matter;
ansuring him, at the same time, that when ro-
poried back, if it ever shall be reported back,
there will be no effort to crowd it to the prejudice
of any man who desires to be heard, either for or
against the report. I hope, therefore, Mr. Pres-
ident, that we shall have a vote tins evening; but
I only make this request, leaving it for Senators
to consult their own will on the subject. I yield
the floor.
Mr. WILSON. A very fesv words in reply to
the Senator from Missouri; and I wish to say in
advance that threats, by word, voice, or manner,
from that Senator, hare 110 terrors for me. He
talks about charges made against some of the peo-
ple of his State, and he says that when charges
are made, unless they are supported by authority,
they are slanders. I agree with the Senator. For
myself, I have said nothing in regard to his State
that is not on the records of tins Government,
where it will live forever—evidence taken under
the solemnity of an oath by a committee of the
House of Representatives.
When, in January, 1856, knowing, as 1 did,
many of the facts in regard to the election of the
30lh Maicli, 1855,1 brought them before the Sen-
ate, a Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] as-
    to deny them. I proved them upon him
on this floor, and there is not a man here that has
attempted to disprove them from that time to this.
When the proposition to raise the House com-
mittee wits made, it was resisted. There is a large
volume of records proving that four thousand nine
hundred and twenty or four thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty men from Missouri went into the
Territory to vote 011 that day. It is as clearly
demonstrated as is any mathematical problem in
Euclid; and it requires a degree of assurance in
any man to deny it here or elsewhere. No one
shall brand me as a calumniator when I refer to
that record. There is the record, deny it; but do
. not undertake to intimidate me by thieats. I am
not the man to be intimidated by tin eats, here or
elsewhere.
The Senator says that when I referred to the
investigation at Kickapoo, I knew that James
Buchanan and William H. Seward did not vote
in the Territory of Kansas. Of course I know it.
There were over one thousand and seventy votes
returned as cast on the 21st of December at Kick-
apoo. The Senator intimates that Black Repub-
licans gave these names. Sir, Black Republicans
did not vote on that day, and the Senator ought to
have known it. He did know it, and knowing it,
he makes the declaration that Black Republicans
had given in those names. The votes on that day
were pro-slavery votes. Republicans were not
there to give the name of any man.
Are we to have no other evidence on which we
are1 to act as public men than what we gather
from the executive documents? Sir, the tree of
knowledge does not grow in the executive garden.
I wish it"did; for if so, we should not have such
documents as we have before us. Our knowledge
is not limited to executive documents, or to the
executive agents in that Territory. There is
some little intelligence outside of the Executive
and his tools in Kansas.
The Senator from Missouri objects to declara-
tions being made. Is it not admitted that frauds
have taken place in Kansas? How is it in Ox-
ford? Did not Governor Walker prove that fif-
teen hundred fraudulent votes were given there in
October last?
Mr. PUGH. What is proved ?
Mr. WILSON. That there were fiauds at
Oxford m the October election.
Mr. PUGH. How do you know it?
Mr. WILSON. Governor Walker and Secre-
tary Stanton examined the facts, and stated them
to the country. The public press states the facts;
the people there state the facts. It is said by
those who have examined the list of names, that
the poll-list at Oxford was made up from the Cin-
cinnati Directory. I do not know whether the
Senator's name is in that directory or not.
Mr. PUGH. It is.
Mr. WILSON. That town gave sixteen hun-
dred votes in October and thirteen hundred on the
21st of December. I say the simple statement of
the fact shows that there must be fraud. The
Senator from Missouri knows it must be a fraud.
Mr. GREEN. I know exactly the contrary;
and can give an explanation which will be satis-
factory to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Will you do it now?
Mr. GREEN. I will do it when you refer that
subject to the committee of which I am a mem-
ber.
Mr. WILSON. We will refer it to you, and
I want you to give us the facts.
Mr. GREEN. I will do it.
Mr. WILSON. It is known that there are not
over on? hundred and thirty voters in the place.
Governor Walker states that he found there " six
houses and no tavern." These votes must have
been fraudulent.
The Senator talks about our saying here that
the people of Kansas do not want to come into
the Union. We have not said so. I believe the
people of Kansas, of all parties, desire to come
into this Union. It is not a question of coming
into the Union, but it is a question of how they
shall conic in.
The Senator talks about a legal people, and in-
dulges in legal technicalities. I admit he has the
color of law on his side. His Missouri men went
over there and elected a Legislature; they took
possession of the government; they made the
laws; their friends have administered them from
that time to this, and all the wrongs of Kansas
have been perpetrated under them. Because they
have the color of law 011 their side, it does nut
follow that it is right or just, or that we should
be governed by it.
I say to the Senator from Missouri, that I want
a fair and distinct understanding with lnm. tf I
misstate in any respect a matter of fact in regard
to Kansas, and he will show it to be so, I will
most gladly correct it.
Mr. GREEN. It would be a little more appro-
priate and a little more in conformity with the
ordinary rules of right, for the man who makes a
charge to sustain it, and not require his opponent
to prove a negative.
AJr. WILSON. I agree to that, and I agree to
the Senator's general declaration that a man who
makes a charge without proof is a slanderer. I
accept that declaration with all its consequences.
What I have stated here to-day as matters of
fact, I have the evidence to substantiate; and I '
tell him his general denials will not do.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator stated that he lenew
that the names in the Cincinnati Directory were
to be found in the poll-books at Oxford. Let us
have the evidence of that.
Mr. WILSON. I have in my possession the
authority upon which I made the statement, and
I believe the authority reliable. I will place the
authority in the Senator's hands. Did not the
Senator from Missouri make a charge in regard
to Black Republicans putting in fictitious names
at the Kickapoo election? Dill he not insinuate
it?
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. I made this remark:
that we have no evidence of any persons in Kan-
sas using fictitious names except Black Repub-
licans; and Mr. Stanton,m an official paper, stated
that many of them refused to give their names at
all, and others gave in fictitious names. It was
very evident that the names read by the Senator
j were fictitious names; so that the presumption was
] stronger against Black Republicans than any one
1 else. That was my argument. Answer that if
yon can.
Mr. WILSON. I do not see that nice distinc-
tions can be taken between declarations and insin-
uations. They amount to the same thing. But
have not Governor Walker and Governor Stanton
referred, in their testimony, to the fictitious names
put on the list in the town of Oxford, and in
McGee county ? Certainly the same men who
assert what the Senator now states, prove what
I state.
But I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate at this late hour. I close by expressing
the hope that we shall refer the message to the
committee, with instructions to investigate and
report the facts for the guidance of the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire the Senator to allow
me a moment, as he seems to be familial- with the
affairs of Kansas and the facts connected with the
elections there. I have a few official papers be-
fore me, and they present some things which I
cannot understand. I do not intend to enter into
any question as to the general returns in Kansas;
I shall certainly not do so at this time; but I wish
to call the attention of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to one or two very striking facts which
are contained in the official papers in my posses-
sion. I have before me an official return of the
votes cast at the election in October, certified from
the executive department of Kansas. 1 have also
a return, certified by the presiding officers of the
respective Houses of the Legislature of Kansas,
as to the vote on the constitution on the 4th of
January, under the territorial law. These returns
exhibit, first, this striking fact: that whilst in the
city of Leavenworth alone there were over one
thousand three hundred votes cast against the
constitution, Mr. Parrott received in that entire
city and county but one thousand and forty-six
' votes. I have not the official vote for the city of
Leavenworth alone, but I am told it was less than
seven hundred forMr. Parrott in October. There-
fore, in the city of Leavenworth alone, there were
seven hundred more votes polled against the con-
stitution than were cast for Mr. Parrott. How
can this discrepancy be accounted for? The popu-
lation has manifestly decreased rather than in-
creased.
Another fact is shown by these official returns.
1 do not undertake to say whether these things
are true or not, but I want to give them as they
appear on the face of the papers. In Shawnee,
where Mr. Parrott received seven hundred and
forty-nine votes, seventeen hundred and twenty
votes were cast against the constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would aslc the gentleman
whether he is not perfectly aware that all the free-
State people opposed to the constitution voted
against it, but only a comparatively small part of
them, not more than one half of them, voted for
officers.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is entirely mista-
ken. What I am speaking of is the October vote
for Mr. Parrott, and not the vote for Mr. Parrott
011 the 4th of January. The election in October
was at the end of a bitter partisan contest, and
when, lot mo tell you, owing to the character of
the population in Shawnee, it was doubtless
larger than it is to-day. The October vote in Shaw-
nee for Mr. Parrott was seven hundred and forty-
nine, and for Mr. Ransom sixty-one—making a
