1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
the- Senate whether, under such circumstances,
they would vote to keep in a section that was con-
trary'to law, or whether they would strike it out.
The Senator from Kentucky has expressed his
surprise that the Committee on Finance should
have moved to strike out a provision which has
been shown to be contrary to law. I believe no-
body has maintained that it was legal'; I: think
nobody can maintain it successfully. He has ex-
pressed his surprise that we should move to strike
out that which was manifestly wrong, because, he
says, there are other bad things in the bill; there
are immense appropriations which are not re-
duced. That is to say, the committee ought to
have acted on the principle of making bad worse:
if there are, things in the-bill that are bad, they
ought not to strike out others which are as ob-
jectionable, because they have hot reformed the
whole subject-matter of the bill; and yet, sir,
when he proceeded a little way in his remarks,
he himself, X think, gave the reasons why the
committee should not propose to strike out the
military items. He says the troops are there; we
are obliged to pay them; we are obliged to send
subsistence to them; we are obliged to furnish
them with the means of keeping in the field, and
of living and moving. If that be the case, then it
was impossible that the Committee on Finance
could have diminished these items; but if the
Senator from Kentucky will show me how these
items can be diminished safely, with a due refer-
ence to what is proper, and due to the Army, I
will not only vote with him, but I will thank lum
for giving me the information.
But, sir, he says that we have been forced into
this expenditure by the Administration. He says
that the Administration, as I understand him, has
acted contranr to law. Contrary to law—how ?
Has not the President the right and lite power to
post the troops? Has he not the right to move
thorn from Leavenworth to Utah? If ho found
that the Governor, who was appointed by the
constitutional authorities of this Government, in
Utah was probably not to be allowed to exercise
the functions of his office in peace, was it not his
duty to send such force theroas would enable him
to execute the laws ? Was he doing anything in
derogation of law, in doing this'
Nordid he depart from the law, if he made con-
tracts ahead of the appropriations for subsistence
and transportation, for it is a matter of law that
in the quartermaster's and subsistence depart-
ments such contracts may be made ahead of the
appropriations. It was necessary to lodge this au-
thority and this discretion in these departments,
because emergencies might suddenly arise, rebel-
lion, insurrection, invasion, and the President
might bo called upon to suppress them. He might
be forced to move the troops, in order to do so;
and I believe he has been forced, in the last fiscal
year, to make some movements of troops in ref-
ence to Indian affairs—m reference to Indian dis-
turbances—which cost money. If he were forced
to moke these movements of troops, in order to
put down insurrection and rebellion, it would be
essential, if the money was not appropriated, that
he should have a right to contract, for what should
be necessary to move and to subsist them. To
that extent the power has been lodged by law in
the President to make contracts ahead of appro-
priations; but no further. Wherever it was prac-
ticable to postpone the supply until the law could
be made, the authority has not been given. It has
not been given for pay, and items of that sort.
But this general discretion is lodged in him only
in regard to matters of transportation and subsist-
ence.
Then, sir, I say it will be difficult for the Sen-
ator from Kentucky or for any other Senator here
to show that the President of the United States lias
transgressed any law, or exercised any authority
which is not vested in him by the Constitution in
simply posting the troops differently from what
they were before, and ordering them to different
parts of the country within his jurisdiction.
With regard to the policy of this Utah move-
ment, I have nothing now to say. I do not pro-
pose to enter into it now. I only make these
remarks by the way; for I intend, so far as I ean,
to confine my own remarks to the amendments as
they arise. If other amendments should be of-
fered—as doubtless they will be—which will raise
these other questions on the portion of the bill
whichproposes to furnish military supplies, I may
have something to say; but, until then, nothing
on that subject.
In regard to this amendment, I have only to say
that I have nrtthe slightest feeling on the subject.
I care nothing as to what the Senate may determ-
ine in reference to it. I believe that if the section
was contrary to law, it was th^ duty of the Fi-
nance Committee to move to strike it out. If the
Senate think, under the circumstances, that the
allowance ought to be made, they will make it.
I am not of that opinion, however, and I shall'vote
to strike out the section.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is, I believe, a prin-.
ciple which has been invariably adopted, not only
by Congress, but in all its adjudications by the
Supreme Court of the United States, that where
an officer in the bona fide performance of his duty
has, by mistake or inadvertence, violated a law
of the land, he ought to be indemnified for it. It
is on that principle that many indemnities have
been granted to officers; and now the gentleman
from New Hampshire will see that the principle
on which this Clerk is entitled to be indemnified is
the very same on which, not only Colonel Mitch-
ell was indemnified in the case ot'Harmony against
him, but on which, from the earliest period of the
Government, honest officers, acting bona fidt from
a sense of duty, but inadvertently in violation of
a law which they did not understand, have been
protected. You say that this Clerk has acted con-
trary to law, but he did so bona fide. He had the
resolutions of the House of Representatives, the
! orders of the House, for his authority. In his
! action he was sustained by all the precedents, by
i all the Secretaries of theTreasury who had acted
i on the very case theretofore. This was the au-
j thority on which he acted. Did he act bona fide 1
Certainly; here is every circumstance that can in-
' duce that belief. Ought he not to be indemnified ?
j It is a principle distinct from that on which the
I gentleman from New Hampshire says he has so
| perseveringly and so long, and with so little suc-
cess, been endeavoring to confine officers to the
salary the law allows them; but he has not yet
acted on tlio principle that an officer of this Gov-
ernment, acting bona fide and with an intention to
do his duty, who has mistaken the law, should not
be compensated. He has never opposed the prin-
ciple of indemnity in such cases, nor will any one
here oppose that principle.
As to the other matter, sir, I have not said that
the President of the United States had acted con-
trary to law; but, if I understand the theory of
our Government, it is this: it is the duty of Con-
gress to appropriate the public money; it looks
before, and it makes in advance all the appropri-
ations and provisions necessary for the coming
year that its wisdom can anticipate The Gov-
ernment sends its estimates of what it wants for
the next year. Congress considers them, and
Congress appropriates the sum of money which
it will grant as an appropriation for the service of
that year. Then, in the spirit of this system of
government, ought not the President to accom-
modate the public service to theamountof appro-
priation ? Is he to go on and expend that, and
knowingly to create necessities for greater appro-
priations ofthe public money,and that,too, when
no extraordinary occurrence has taken place ?
I ask my honorable friend from Virginia, what
occurrence has taken place in the last year? Was
not this Mormon question exactly in the condi-
tion in which it now is? Did we not understand
as well one year ago how far the Mormons were
in resistance to the authority of this Government,
as we do now? Congress, with all that knowl-
edge before it, made provision for the support of
ourarmies, and appropriated all the money it sup-
posed was necessary. Ought not the President to
consider himself under some obligation to bring
that service within the revenue that had been given
for the purpose of sustaining it? I think so. Can
the gentleman from Virginia think otherwise?
I say, too, there has been great improvidence in
placing the army m a condition where these ex-
penses were absolutely and indispensably neces-
sary; but whatever our opinion of the policy of
placing them there, or of the propriety of know-
ingly and willfully involving us m the necessity
of much greater appropriations than have been
made, I think I may venture to say that this move-
ment was not in harmony with the spirit of this
Government, or with the legislation of Congress.
It was a very important movement, involving a
question of civil war. Certainly if anything de-
served the consideration of Congress, it was a
movement of this sort. Then all would have gone
on well. We should have known what our ex-
penses were. Now, we have $10,000,000 of addi-
tional expenditure, the necessity of which is all
brought about by the act of the executive Gov-
ernment itself.
As to the Post Office Department, here is more
than a million and a" half for that in this bill.
How is it accounted for ? Where are the extraor-
dinary circumstances that have reduced the Post
Office revenue, or shown such fundamental error
in the estimates made by that Department of its
own expenses? It is calculated very much to un-
dermine that confidence which we consider our-
selves entitled to repose in official estimates, that
one Department of the Government cannot come
within a million and a half of the extra allowance
necessary for Congress to grant it out of the pub-
lic Treasury, and when the military Department
cannot come within six or seven millions of the
amount.
My friend from Georgia supposes that this
deficiency, as it is called, is in consequence of
the necessity of sending reinforcements to Utah.
Well, sir, there are but two months of the year
left in which these $2,000,000 are to be disposed
of. What are the additional reinforcements?
Three regiments of volunteers. They would not
amount to anything like this sum. It is evident
that the great mass of it is necessary to supply at
that distant post the army now there with pro-
visions, and the necessity of it is superinduced by
the executive Government in placing the troops
in that position.
I have said that it seems ta me this is objection-
able in point of policy and propriety, and that
this great additional burden is thrown upon the
nation in the time of its necessities by the will of
the Executive, and Congress is only left to act
under the necessity of the case and in conformity
to it. This does not seem to me to be right,and
I do not think that a tax of $10,000,000 ought to
be imposed upon the people of this country with-
out a word being said questioning the propriety
and the policy which has led to the necessity of
it. Sir, I cannot point out any error in the calcu-
lation. How could I? What have the Senate
seen, of all the particulars of this bill amounting
to this great sum ? We rely upon the gentleman
from Virginia, and I do so with perfect confidence.
I know his intelligence, I am confident of his in-
tegrity, and confident moreover of his economy.
I assume that all this may be necessary; and I
complain of the necessity being imposed upon us.
As far as I can see, there was no sufficient cause
for imposing that necessity on Congress. That
is my complaint. lam under a necessity—under
a necessity of voting blindly and promptly too.
When the fate of our countrymen, the fate of our
army is concerned, I will not hesitate to make
calculations; but I have a right to hold, and the
people of the country have aright to hold respons-
ible the Government that has cast upon us the ne-
cessity of voting, and upon them the burden of
paying this money. That is my complaint; and
I say again that it seems to me, that while the
gentlemen of the Finance Committee were taking
this mighty dose, it was hardly worth while for
them to exercise a spirit of economy on this little
infinitesimal appropriation,comparatively, to pay
what I conceive to be an honest debt, to.indem-
nify an honest public officer, who in good faith,
under an authority which he deemed sufficient, has
paid out some twelve thousand dollars. That is
the view which I have taken of the subject.
Mr. BIGGS. To attain my object, it has been
suggested that I modify my amendment so as to
make it a little more effectual; and to conform to
the views of gentlemen, I propose to modify it so
as to read:
And pmritled further, That it shall never hereafter be law-
ful for either House of Congress to apply any part of the
appropriation lor the contingent expenses of such House, to
any other than the ordinary expenditures of such House,
nor to apply any part of said appropriation as extra pay or
extra allowance to any clerk, messenger, or attendant of
the said two Houses, or either of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The question now recurs on striking out the third
section of the bill, as amended.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and nays,
