1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
total of eight hundred and ten votes; and yet the
other day there wore cast seventeen hundred and
twenty votes against the constitution, according
to the returns. Whence this additional thousand?
Will the Senator from Massachusetts say there
are a thousand men in Shawnee who did not vote
in October last?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania where he gets the information
that there were seventeen hundred votes cast at
Shawnee in January. It is one of the subjects
for which I introduced my resolution this morn-
ing to which objection was made. It is that very
information, how that vote stood, that I want to
get at, and I want to test the accuracy of these
verbal statements by an official return.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 stated when I took the floor
that on the one hand I read from the certified re-
turns of the October election from the executive
department, and on the other from the certificate
of the presiding- officers of the respcctivc Houses
" of the Legislature of Kansas. In that return, not
in an official manuscript, but as furnished from
the papers of Lecompton, it is put down at one
thousand seven hundred and twenty votes against
the constitution. The other is official, for it is cer-
tified by the proper officer, and shows that in Oc-
tober last, in this district of Shaw nee, Mr. Ransom
received sixty-one votes and Mr. Parrott seven
hundred and forty-nine votes — together, eight
hundred and ten. The other day there were one
thousand seven hundred and twenty votes cast in
the same district against the constitution. Per-
haps this can be explained and reconciled, but cer-
tainly on its face it looks as much like fraud as
anything brought to our notice by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me ask the gentleman
if he is not aware that in the Octobcr election it
was required that there should be a residence of
six months; while at the election in January, in
relation to the constitution, there was no residence
inquired ?
Mr. BIGLER. That is the most unhappy ex-
planation the Senator could make. It is the most
fatal view he could present. Anybody who is fa-
miliar with Kansas affairs knows that Shawnee
is a country where the citizens have no titles. The
tide is m the United States Government. They
are there as preemptors; and when the fall of the
year approaches, the population, as far as it can
without destroying the squatter rights, leaves the
countiy, to stay away during the inclement sea-
son. it is my deliberate judgment that the pop-
ulation of Shawnee was hundredsle&s in January
than it was in October. I am so assured by gen-
tlemen who have good opportunities of know-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I have no wish to occupy the
floor any longer.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. PUGH. I hope we shall not adjourn with-
out a vote on this question. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn.
Tins yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts a question. He said, I believe, if
I understood him aright, first, that he read from
the Missouri Republican, and afterwards it ap-
peared that he lead, not from the Missouri Re-
publican, but the Missouri Democrat. 'He did
liot state the date of the paper.
Mr. WILSON. I did not say that I read from
it, but from an article which had been made up
out of a letter published in the Republican. It is
in a paper that came to me to-day. I received it
bujee die Senate met.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to adjourn.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Allen answeied C( yea."
Mi. HUNTER. Has any Senator answered ?
["Yes!"] I ask that, by general consent, I may
make a statement. I understand there are some
Senators on the other side who desire to be heard
on this question. There is no disposition to force
them to speak to-night, if we can get the question
by Monday night. That is all we ask. If those
^.suitors desire to sit on, I am willing to sit w,th
Hum; but if not, I am willing to adjourn, and let
us take the question on Monday night.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw the call. I supposed
we were about to sit it out to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, the call can be withdrawn. The Chair hears
no objection.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 4, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William Krebs.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. GREENWOOD submitted a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the case of L. J.
Hilburn was yesterday laid on the table.
The motion was entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the report of the Committee of
Elections on the Ohio contested-election case, on
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to yield the floor, to enable me to submit
a motion that this contested-election case shall be
postponed for one hour, in order to allow the call
of committees for reports, which was commenced
yesteiday, to be concluded.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have no
objection to the proposition of the gentleman from
Missouri, if I shall be entitled to the floor when
the subject shall again come up for consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Kentucky
will certainly be entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I will
yield the floor, and allow the sense of the House
to be taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose I have the right to
submit the motion. I move that the furthei con-
sideration of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions be postponed for one hour, to allow the com-
mittees to be called for reports which were not
called yesterday.
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will yield
the floor to allow the gentleman from Missouri
to make his motion.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER, announced the appointment
of Messrs. Boyce, CIuitmam, Trippl, Garxeit,
Mott, Woktendyivl, and Si'Inner, as the com-
mittee authorized under the resolution of Mr.
Boyce to investigate various matters connected
with the revenue and expenses of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my objection to
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The question then is upon
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections for one hour.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 81, noes 58.
PENSIONS TO OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the report made from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, of House bill
No. 259; and upon that question the gentleman
from Arkansas is entitled to the floor. The ques-
tion is upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. WARREN. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
intention, if I were disposed to do so,toenter into
a discussion at this time of the merits of this bill.
My object is to oppose the proposition which em-
anates from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
to postpone tho further consideration of tins &I1
to a day certain. I am perfectly willing to vote
on apart of that proposition. I am perfectly will-
ing that the consideration of this bill shall be
postponed; but I am radically opposed to the sys-
tem resorted to by gentlemen upon this floor, and
giving a measure of that character, and indeed of
any other character, precedence over bills long
since introduced and of equal importance. I de-
sire it, then, to be understood that while I am not
exptcssing an opinion upon the merits of this
measure, I am desirous of being understood as op-
posed to the postponement of this bill to the time
indicated by the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr Savage,] for the reason that It
would give this bill preference over any and all
other measures which in fact have not had the
same advantage, and which could not possibly get
the advantage sought for this measure.
Gentlemen talk about the importance of this
measure, and say that, because it is an important
measure, therefore it should be given this prefer-
ence; therefore we ought to postpone it to a day
certain. Why, sir, I could talk about a dozen
other measures which have been introduced,
which are equally important. I remember to have
introduced a resolution a few days since, which
has not had this advantage—a resolution by vir-
tue of the passage of which the business of this
House would be greatly facilitated—a resolution
confining debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to the matter legitimately
submitted to the committee. That resolution has
not been acted upon yet; and I could also say to
the gentleman fromTennessee [Mr. Jones] when
he talks about the importance of this measure,
that there are others which are of more import-
ance. I would call his attention to a bill which I
introduced a few days since, for the establishment
of a board of inspectors at the town of Napoleon,
Arkansas, and to the numerous railroad bills for
that State, all of which are of more importance than
this bill. This is an important measure, but those
others are equally important. Therefore I pro-
pose to enter my protest against giving this or
any other measure precedence over others which
I regard as equally important. I could allude to
numerous other bills introduced by various gentle-
men upon this floor, which are equally important;
yet they are all to be thrust aside, I apprehend,
and this particular measure, because it is a great
source for Buncombe, must have precedence over
all other measures. I protest against it. Let it
go where all other important measures go—to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and let it be found where my bills have always
heretofore been found—among its unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. STANTON. What is the distinct ques-
tion before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and a motion to postpone until the 24th of Feb-
ruary. «*The question will be first upon the mo-
tion to postpone. No motion has been made to
commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I have one word to say in
regard to the postponement. It is clear to my
mind that if this bill, reported by the gentleman
fromTennessee, is to be considered, it ought to be
considered in Committee of the Whole, on the
state of the Union. If it is intended to make it a
special order for a given day, it should be attended
by a motion to commit. This is a measuie of
very great magnitude; it has been pending almost
since the commencement of the session before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and that commit-
tee have been seeking to perfect the details of a
bill, but have not succeeded as yet in doing so.
Now, the details of this measure are matters of
very great importance, as well as the measure
itself; and I shall not, for one, consent that this
shall be brought before the House in the House
itself, subject to having the previous question
called upon it, and where, without debate and
without amendment, members maybe compelled
to vote upon it as it stands, and thereby be placed
m a doubtful position before the country, when
they are, in fact, in favor of a well-adjusted sys-
tem of pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812,
and in favor of the proposition of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
For myself I am in favor of a well-digested and
carefully-prepared bill granting pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812; but I am not in favor
of the proposition of the gentleman from Tennes-
see as it now stands. I am pei fectly certain that
no well-digested bill will be prepared in this House
unless it does go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where the committee
• may have an opportunity to examine its details
I and perfect its provisions. The Committee on
j Military Affairs have deemed it important, to
! enable them to act understanding^ on the mea&«
