580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
tire, to have some information from the War De-
partment as to the extent of the draft which this
bill will make upon the national Treasury. They
have called for the information, but it has not yet
been communicated to them. Neither the com-
mittee nor the House have perhaps the remotest
idea of the extent of the draft which this bill will
make upon the nationalTreasury. Whether the
bill, as it now stands, will require ten, or twenty,
or forty millions per annum, no man can tell. I sub-
mit that while it is an important measure, and per-
haps a very desirable measure—though I confess
that it is a measure the expediency of which is
somewhat questionable—I am notin favor of legis-
lating in the dark, or of making it a special order
in the House, where it may be forced through
under the previous question, and where members
may be compelled to vote upon the bill as it is,
ana thereby be held responsible to the country as
being opposed to a system of pensions for the
soldiers of the war of 1812, while, in fact, they are
in favor of it. I trust, therefore, than unless the
gentleman from Tennessee will modify his motion
so as to make the proposition to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and make it the special order for a day cer-
tain, the House will not postpone it to the day
named by him.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Why not make the
motion yourself?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I understand,
and if I am wrong gentlemen will correct me, that
this bill was reported from the Committee 011 In-
valid Pensions. It seems to me, sir, that if that
committee has been constituted for any purpose
at all, if it has any duty to perform, it is to ex-
amine and report upon just such bills as this. I
think that, if the Committee on Military Affairs
discharge their duty, and I know they will do it,
they will have enough to do at this time to attend
to the military affairs of the country.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will permit
me, I wish to inquire whether it is in order now,
with the questions at present pending, to move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and make it the special
order for the 24th of February?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
make it a special order, unless itbe done by unan-
imous consent. The motion could only be made
on Monday; it requires a suspension of the rules.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Well, sir, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions have examined the details of
this bill and have reported it. They have asked
the House, after a full investigation of its merits,
to fix a day to determine whether they will at this
* late day grant relief to the widows and orphans
of the soldiers of the war of 1812. They come
here and ask you if you will do justice to these
parties, without asking whether it will take one
million, or five million, or ten million dollars. I
have never yet learned,sir, that statesmen, in the
discharge of the solemn duties imposed on them,
have ever counted the cost when they undertook
to do justice between claimants and the Govern-
ment. I have always thought that the first thing
to be ascertained by a committee in the consider-
ation of a proposition was, is it just? and if it is
right to render justice on the part of the Govern-
ment to the people, then it is right and proper
Jiat they should have a chance to be heard.
Now, sir, I know, from the little experience I
have had in legislation, what the meaning of a
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union is. I understand the strat-
egy resorted to by gentlemen to avoid discussion
and votes in this House, and a show upon the
record of the Ilouse who is in favor of rendering
justice to the people and who is notin favor of it;
and, therefore, I, for one, am opposed to sending
this bill to the Committee of the Whole. I wish
to know the reason why this House, with the
Speaker in the chair, and under the rules, cannot
render a just and appropriate and proper verdict
between the people and the Government? Let us
do it here, sir, where we have a right to call the
yeas and nays, and show the people who are for
rendering them justice and who are opposed to it,
or rather in favor of postponing it and giving it
the cold shoulder. "
I am in favor of this bill. I believe it is right
that the Government should carry out the princi-
ple which they have established as a just one, of
giying pensions to those who have served the
country, by coming forward now and rendering
justice to the widows and orphans of the soldiers
of the war of 1812. For these reasonaT am in
favor of-fixing a day for the consideration of the
bill in the House; and I demand the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS. Wilt the Chair state what will
be the order in which the question will be put if
the previous question is seconded, and the main
question ordered?
The SPEAKER,. The first question will be
upon the motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. That failing, the
question will be upon the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the motion I desired to
submit yesterday to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, was
not entertained ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
such a motion.
Mr. PHELPS, I submitted such a motion
yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri. If
he made the motion at all, it was made after the
motion to postpone had been submitted, which
precluded the reception of his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the pre-
vious question is demanded? I would inquire if
the effect of sustaining the previous question
would not be to cut off the motion to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
the previous question ? Will it bring us to a di-
rect vote upon the engrossment of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
on the motion to recommit to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STANTON. And next upon the motion
to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
failing, the question will then be upon the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill. If the previous
question be sustained, it will cut off the motion
to postpone.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply want to say in re-
gard to this matter, that if I understand it, it is
not a question of legal light and justice; tnat it is,
at best, a matter of gratuity, and that it is not a
fair statement of the case to say that these indi-
viduals are here requiring their legal claims.
They are here simply asking for a gratuity. It
is not a question of legal claim, but a question
whether the House will grant pensions to these
parties. It may be in equity and morals an honest
claim, but it is certainly not s legal one.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. It
is notin order to go into the merits of the bill upon
a motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am simply answering the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Davidson.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana was out of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I wish the Chair had
found it out sooner.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois had appealed to the Chair, the Chair would
have interrupted the remarks of the gentleman
from Louisiana. The gentleman from Illinois can
proceed to assign any reasons why the measure
should or should not be postponed. The debate
is limited by the rules of the House upon a mo-
tion to postpone, and it must be confined to as-
signing reasons why the measure should orsliould
not be postponed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, Mr. Speaker, it is im-
material for me to speak unless I can say what I
wanted to say in a few words; and that was that
it is well known, I presume, to every gentleman
of the House, that nine out of ten, and perhaps
ninety-nine out of a hundred, of these claimants,
are not the widows and orphans of the soldiers; but
that the object is simply to satisfy the demands
of speculators and land-sharks into whose hands
the claims have gone. That is the fact about it.
I desire the bill to be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
can be considered and sifted, so that it shall be
well guarded. If we do anything in this matter,
let us do it for the benefit of surviving soldiers and
their widows and orphans, and not for the ever-
lasting cormorants who come here and urge the
kind of claims which it is here proposed To ori-
ginate.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Savage] to permit
me to submit a motion that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and then he can submit his motion to post-
pone.
Mr. CURTIS. I have but one word to say,
Mr. Speaker. I am sorry that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] took occasion to refer to
the merits of the bill. For one, I am perfectly '
willing to have it fully prepared and matured be-
fore it comes before the House; but 1 submit that
there will be time enough before the 24th of Feb-
ruary to mature the bill, as the gentleman from
Tennessee avers that he will do. So far from this
being a scheme coming from speculators, it is
merely a measure of even-handed justice.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I submit
the question of order, whether the gentleman is
in order in discussing the merits, of the hill?
Mr. CURTIS. I will confine my-self, if pos-
sible, to what is in order. I am arguing that the
time to which it is proposed to postpone this bill
is sufficient to allow of its being matured.
One word now in regard to the matter being be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs. It is true
that this bill had been before the Committee on
Military Affairs, and is now before that com-
mittee in another form. Every member knows
that within this period the committee will have
ample time to mature it, so far as it can do so; and
every member knows that it is the purpose of the
friends of the bill to bring it up in the fairest pos-
sible form; to ask nothing but what is right; to trim
it down to the simplest possible form, and to have
it fairly and fully discussed before the House.
There is no desire to have this bill brought
prematurely before the House. So far from the
Military Committee requiring a postponement, I
apprehend that a majority of that committee have
already prepared their own views. Some inqui-
ries have been made at the War Department, and
I presume that long before the 24th of February
1 these inquiries will have been answered. I am in
favor of the motion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] because I am told by
those who are best acquainted with the forms,
that unless a vote bo secured on it in this way, it
is likely to be lost forever. I therefore advocate
rlie motion of my friend who introduced the bill,
and hope it wilt pass. If it be found that the
Committee on Military Affairs produce a better
bill, or a bill that may appear more satisfactory",
I am authorized to say that the friends of the bill
will take that form in preference to the one now
presented, and will bring itup on the day pro-
posed. We aie in earnest in this matter. I do
not want to encroach on the rights of the House
by entering on a debate as to the merits of the bill,
but I hope that in proper time I will be heard on
the merits.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It appears to be the
wish of all persons in the House that there should
be a fair and full investigation of this bill; and
therefore, to secure that, I propose that it be re-
' ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order, and that
the bill be printed. That will secure its investi-
gation and consideration.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to making
a special order. I desire the reference of the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but I am opposed to making a special
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have nothing
more to say on the subject. I am opposed to
having the bill postponed and kept before the
House.
Mr. SAVAGE. My object is a fair one; and
j I am at all times willing to accept a fair proposi-
tion. The only object that I have in view, as I
said in my remarks' yesterday, is simply to have
a fair trial of this bill before the House and before
the country. I believe that the proposition of my
colleague [Mr. Jones] presents such an oppor-
tunity, and that I ought to accept it, if the House
permit me to do so. I am willing to have the bill
i referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
I state of the Union, if it be made a special order
