1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.,
stances of the case. I do not admit the force of
any such argument as that. It is no injury to the
officmls of the Senate that the officials of the
House, last session of Congress, received a cer-
tain amount of money. Because they received
that certain amount of money, or are to receive
it, under a misapprehension of the law, that is no
mason why we, who now apprehend what the
law is, should proceed to vote an equal amount
of money to those who are connected with the
Senate. Sir, I should deem myself inexcusable
in voting for this proposition. I should not have
deemed myself without excuse in voting for the
proposition as it existed in the House of Repre-
sentatives at the time when the existence of the
law was not known, or the particular provisions
of it were misapprehended, and it was supposed
it was right enough in the eye of the law to make
such allowances-, but here we have been all ad-
mitting that the law stares us in the face, that we
cannot pay out of the contingent fund a certain
amount of money, and yet it is proposed now.
Mr, DOUGLAS. Let mo ask the Senator if
the same law does not apply to the House as to
the Senate?
Mr. F ESSEN DEN. Unquestionably.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then how could they pay
this compensation, and we not be able to pay?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say they could
not. but I said they acted under a misapprehen-
sion.
Air. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that they could not well have noted
undrra misapprehension, because I was just now
informed by a member of the House from Ken-
tucky, who has been upon the Committee of Ac-
counts, and understands these matters, that it was
first attempted to pass this extra pay in the shape
of a joint resolution. It probably did pass both
Houses, and the President did not sign it; and
when they found they could not get it through on
a joint resolution, the House of Representatives
passed their resolution separately.
.Mr. That is new to me; I do
not know how tin fact is. L understand there was
a bill passed, which was handed to the President
at the last moment of the session, and not re-
turned. Whether it was intentionally left un-
sig;i"d by him, or whether he had not time to ex-
amine it, or what the ratine was, I do not know.
I have pioeeeded on the facts as I have understood
them, and as they have been understood by every-
body, that the existence of this particular provis-
ion or' the law of 1845, as an operative pi ovikiou
of Uw, was not known. The Secretaiy of the
Tiommry admits it. He says himself that the
construction had always been otherwise m refer-
ence to that matter, up to the time when he gave
his construction.
Mr. HU N'TER. The Secretary said that pre-
vious appropriations had been made, and con-
sume! differently; but the House must have known
this difficulty, or else why pass a joint resolution ?
No doubt it was paid before, because it escaped
the accounting officers,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it was because
they did not want to pay it out of the contingent
fund, and sent it up fuv our own official.?, suppos-
ing that wc might unite, that they passed a joint
resolution. There might have been various rea-
sons; but whatever the reason was, I take the fact
as it is. I take the words of the Secretary of the j
Treasury. It is clearly inferable that nobody un- j
derstood that this provision of the law of 1845 was j
operative at that time. Under that supposition, I
and under the peculiar piessure ol the case, the
Senate has seen fit to say that it would not punish
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, who
act'-d under au order of that Hoiu-.e, in paying
money to a large amount. 1 think that is just: it
is a matter in which we have yielded; but because
we have done so to save the action of an officer
honestly acting, to say that we must now violate
that ven-y provision ourselves in reference to our
own officials, and for the purpose simply of putting
money into their pockets which does not belong
to tln-tn, and which they ought not to have, sim-
ply for the reason that other people have had
money which they ought not to have had, is a
new iu]e of molality, especially in legislation.
jMi . HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me. I
I did not know of ir. to-day, but it seems here is
an express law of1S54, pi oviding against the pay-
ment of extra compensation.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be read.
Mr. HUNTER. The Cierk will read it, if he
pleases.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Joint Resolution to fix the compensation of th^emploves in
the legislative department of the Government, audio pio-
liiiut the allowance of the us.ua! oxtra compensation to
such a^ receive the benefits hereof.
Resolved, That the olfieeis. clerks, messengers, and
other einphn es m the legislative department of the Govern-
ment, s'tail ne paid an inere.a-.ed competition of twenty
percent, upon the compensation now received by them re-
spectively; and the messengers of the House of Represent-
atives shall not reccivo less than is allowed to messengers
of the Senate of the same class; such increased compensa-
tion to commence from the first day of July, 1S33; and that
a sum sufficient to pay the surne to the tlmtieth of June,
18o5, is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury, not othei wise appropriated : Provided9 That no person
whose compensation was increased by the act approved
April 22d, 185*1, shall be benefited by this joint resolution :
Jind provided further, That the usual extra compensation
shall not be allowed to any person leceivmg the benefits of
this joint resolution.
Approved, July 20,1834.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That joint resolution
makes a distinction between two classes of offi-
cers. I suppose it applies to some to whom the
extra compensation voted by the last House will
be paid, and not to others. If. was optional with
the officers to take the compensation under that
joint resolution or not; and I understand some
did not. I was not adverting to that. I was
speaking of the ground on which the committee
put it, and on which the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury put it; and the Senator from Virginia will
observe, that I am not now arguing the correct-
ness of the decision of the Senate on the other
point in retaining the third section, if he desires
that tliM should be brought up a^ain, that is one
thing; but I am endeavoiin* now to sustain his
position in putting on the officers of the Senate;
and I sec no occasion, therefor**, for hirn to at-
tempt to embartass me by relVtvree to action on
the former vote. I am now endeavoring to sus-
tain his views on this subject. The point he now
brings foi ward mis'Jit have had some operation
on the former vote; but what f was saying, and
what i still insistnpon, is, that whatever wc may
have done, or however we may have acted, or
whatever grounds there may have been for our
action in reference to the payment of the amount
provided for m the third section to the officers of
the House under the reasoning we adopted, if we
did wrong in that particular, there is no reason
why we should do another wrong; and if the ob-
jector the Senator from Illinois is to destroy that
by adding this to it, those who are in favor of
that will hardly wish to sustain him in this
ame ndment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Maine
has made a very ingenious argument to save this
House proposition. He knows if he can save it
for the House officers now, it will he saved for
the Senate officers at the end of the session. Ev-
ery one knows that the Senate wilt not consent
to put its officers m a position below those of the
House—will not consent to the principle of in-
equality—will not consent to allow the House to
violate the law of the land in paying compensa-
tion to their officers, while we are con lined strictly
to th* law. Hence the payment of this involves
th"* payment of the Senate officers necessarily.
Tne question is whether we shall stand by the
law cu'tingoiF extra compensation, or whether
we shall keep up theabiMe. We have been say-
ing for years, " We will nay you this time, and
we will not pay you again:" and there is a salvo
for each man's conscience in violating the law this
time, by the proviso that we. will not do it again,
and yet we expect to do it by the very same means
that we do it now. I desire to put the Senate offi-
cers on an equality with the House officers, and
either then say that both shall pass, or both shall
be rejected. There is no hope of stopping this
abuse until we do reject it, and refuse to pay.
There is nothing in the idea that members of the
House of Representatives did not know the law
when they passed this resolution. They knew it
well, and devised every means on earth to evade
the law. As the Senator from Virginia has ex-
plained, it is an attempt to evade the law. If the
House are going to take the responsibility of pay-
ing this money on their own individual order, let
them pay it themselves out of their own contin-
gent fund, instead of coming to us and asking us
to be responsible for this abuse. I wish to stop
it, and there is no other way to stop it except by i
striking it out. Let the Senate officers be put on
| an equality with those of the House, and then
t strike out the section as amended, or if it passes,
1 pass it for both, for we know if you pass it for
one, it is an entering wedge for the other. I think
we had better meet it squarely in the face.
In regard to the officer of the House who paid
this money, I have as much respect and kind feeling
for him as for any other man. I would not injure
him, but I think we should make a rule by which
we shall be governed. This extra pay is a great
1 abuse. It is a matter of abuse in this way: to-
wards the end of the session new officers are
brought in just long enough to get the extra pay,
rendering very little service at an enormous ex-
pense. I think it should be cut off. The only
hope is to put the Senate and House officers to-
gether, and then strike out the whole, and let the
House of Representatives know that they cannot
evade the law of the land by this extravagance of
expenditure.
Mr. HUNTER. I perhaps appreciate the im-
portance of putting an end to this system of extra
pay a little more than others, because I have had
somewhat more experience in regard to it. I know
that it is esteemed a hardship by the clerks in the
Executive Departments that this extra pay should
be allowed here and nothing given to them. I
know that messengers m those Departments com-
plain not only that we give so much more com-
pensation to our officers here than to them, but
extra pay besides, and they advert to the fact that
the officers have a vacation, have holiday part
of the year, whilst they have to work the whole
year. 1 know this is esteemed by them a griev-
ance, and applications have been made to me,
tune and again, to know if I did not think justice
required us to put them on the same footing m
regard to extra allowance. Unless something is
done to stop it, I have no doubt (for it is in the
jutuio of abuses to increase) that in the end we
shall have applications from them too, and I do
not know how long it may be before they will be
granted, because it does seem to be hard that,
after you have made liberal allowance for one
year's services of your public officers, you shall
grant extra compensation to one class and refuse
it to another.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, I am unwilling
to be placed in a false position, as probably I
should be if the remarks of the Senator fiom Illi-
nois weie to go unanswered by mc. He holds
me responsible, he says, for the passage of this
section of the bill,because of the amendment pro-
posed bymr which saved the section. Then the
Senator ought to have opposed that amendment
when it was ponding. If that amendment has
passed the section, and he had such serious ob-
jection to the section itself, and he saw that was
to be the effect of the amendment, it was his duty
to oppose the amendment, and to expose it; but
not a single word did wc hear from the Senator
from Illinois, or from anybody else, in opposition
to that amendment, I believe, at any rate, there
j was no vote against it; certainly I heard none
when the question was put. If it was of that im-
portance which is now attached to it by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, it was his duty to have resisted
it as a matter of vast importance. But instead of
resisting it, what do we find ' That after it is put
on without opposition from him, then, to make
the wrong more glaring, he advocates putting on
an appropriation for the officers of the Senate, his
avowed purpose being, as he says, to kill the
whole of an appropriation against law.
I do not think he characterizes correctly the in-
tercourse between the two Houses, as l under-
stand it, when he compares them to boys daring
each other to fight—one putting a chip on his
head, and during the other to knock it off. I do
not understand that to be exactly the position that
the two Houses bear to each other. It strikes
me as strange, being but recently here compared
with the Senator from Illinois, that he should as-
similate the position of the two Houses to that of
two boys daring each other to fight. As has been
well said by the Senator from Maine, and as I
supposed, until the resolution of IS54 was intro-
duced and read a little while ago, it was the uni-
form practice of the House of Representatives,
from the passage of the act of 1845, to make these
allowances; and they had, without question, been
passed by the accounting officers up to this case.
It was that consideration that moved me to oiler
