1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68ft
mean time said Williamson remain in the custody
of the Serjeant-at-Arms.
Mr. TIUPPE. I would inquire whether, if that
motion be adopted, the select committee cannot
have the witmess before them between now and
one o'clock to-morrow? whether the committee
can call the witness before them without the order
of the House?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; the
previous question has been called.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Why did not
the previous question cut off this amendment?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
withdrawn to allow the resolution to be amended,
and was again demanded.
Mr. SEWARD. By the consent of my col-
league, I should like to suggest a modification.
The SPEAKER. No further debate is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not intend to debate it;
I want the resolution to show that the answer was
withdrawn by the request of the witness.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I accept the
modification.
The order was so modified.
Mr. MOORE. I suggest another modification
to the effect that in the mean time the witness may
be called before the committee to answer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that un-
necessary.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The commit-
tee has that power now. i
The previous question was seconded; and the |
main question ordered. !
Mr. STANTON. My motion is to postpone |
this whole subject until one o'clock to-morrow, j
when the witness will have his on-:wer ready, and j
may withdraw his answet filed to-day, and pre- i
sent his amended answer. I think that covers the '
whole ground. !
The amendment was agreed to—one hundred 1
and twenty-one having voted in the affirmative, i
The proposition, us amended, was then adopted. ;
OHIO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE. |
The SPEAKER stated the next business in |
order to he the report of the.Committee of Elec-
tions m the Ohio contested-election case, upon
which Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
in the determination of the question which is
brought by the Committee of Elections before the
House, propriety demands that wo should lose
eight entirely of everything liko partisan feeling, j
It is a question of practice, and in treating it, the ]
House acts as a court as well as a parliamentary '
body. |
The precedents, under the act of 1851, stand j
in bold contrast with the course recommended 1
by the committee. The resolution passed by the j
committee adopts a rule more .stringent than it is -
usual to observe in courts of justice. ;
The application for further time to take testi- !
rnony is met by the declaration that the sitting I
member in this case declined, directly after the i
election, to receive a notice from the contestant, j
the object of which was to go into an examination j
of the proof. What figure should this fact cut in j
the decision of the principle by this House? ;
The laws in Ohio require that the election shall \
be determined by a board of canvassers, con- j
sisting of the Governor, Secretary of State, At- j
torney General, and probably some other public j
officer of the State. It provides that the county j
clerks in the several districts in the State shall j
forward the returns to the seatofgovernment,and, 1
upon the day fixed by the law of the State, the i
board of canvassers shall open the poll, examine j!
the returns, and declare the result. The noticc of
the contestant was sent to the sitting member be-
fore the declaration of that result by the canvass-
ers. The day fixed by law for canvassing the
returns of the election, was some day in Decem-
ber—the election took place in October—and the
noticc was served on Mr. Campbell in October,
before the day fixed by the law of that State, for
the inspection of the election returns, and the dec-
laration of the result, had arrived.
Mr. Campbell declined toenter upon the exam-
ination, upon the grounds that the movement was
premature. Gentlemen say that m this Mr. Camp-
bell relied upon a technical objection. Not so. As
the election was not to be declared until an ap-
pointed day in December, it would have been
exceedingly indelicate for the member to have
received notice of contest, and actually liave pro-
ceeded to the defense of a seat which, by the laws
of the State, had not been pronounced to be his. I
ask the members of this high court whether any
one of them, placed in exactly the same position,
would fe# himself at liberty to receive notice of
a contest and to go into an examination of the
validity of his title to a seat, which title, by the
laws of the land, had not been declared in his favor?
Much less, then—if he would not do so—oughthe
to permit this refusal upon the part of Mr. Camp-
bell to affect prejudicially the question which is
now pending at the bar. I take it for granted that
there is no judge m the world who sits upon the
bench, disposed to do right, who would prejudice
the rights of a party for not doing that, or for not
accepting the proposition to do that which he was
in nowise bound by law to do, and was forbidden
to do, by every consideration of propriety.
If my proposition is correct, the objection I have
noticed falls to the ground, and Mr. Campbell
stands here unprejudiced by reason of anything
that occurred up to the time when that notice was
given to him, under which this proceeding takes
place. That was some time in December, 1856.
Mr. Campbell was then in Washington, a mem-
ber of the Thirty-Fourth Congress; and, as we
all know, engaged in its business at the head of
the Ways and Means. And he was here, a mem-
ber of that House, from that period in December
until after the time had expired in which, accord-
ing to law, he might have taken this testimony.
Bat I am told this fact makes no difference. The
chairman of the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Harris, of Illinois] says that the law must oper-
ate upon all alike; and that the fact that Mr.
Campbell was a member of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, engaged in its legitimate duties, has
nothing to do with the question. I admit it has
no bcanng upon the ultimate question of right to
the seat. It is not to affect the rights of the other
party. If it affected the rights of the other party
in any manner, I would not urge the fact of Mr.
Campbell's engagements here as a reason why
we should delay; but upon the question of due
diligence, we have a right to consider it. Upon a
proposition addressed to the discretion of the court,
we have the right to consider the fact that a man
was detained by necessary and legitimate business
—that he wasin a condition in which he couldnot
presently attend, or that he was deprived of the
opportunity to attend to the taking of depositions
within the time limited by the law. In practice,
nothing is more usual than for the courts to heai
statements like this upon applications for contin-
uance. If that be so, iet the admitted fact of Mr.
Campbell's necessary detention here in the winter
and spring of 1856-57 have the weight it desenes. 1
Mr. bAUKSDALR. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman why this application was not made at the
commencement of this session ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will wait until I come to
that part of my argument he will receive my an-
swer, and I will inform the gentleman beforehand
that 1 consider the question as one which ought
to be answered.
It seems to be conceded by the minority of the
Committee of Elections that, under the law of
1851, both parties may, at the same time, open
the commission for taking depositions by them-
selves and their agents, for the sixty days within
which the law limits the taking of testimony. I
confess that is not my construction of the statute.
I do not understand how. upon a mere matter of
construction, any lawyer upon that committee got
at that construction. The law itself says:
"That the pmty at who^o instance the stibponn m<u is-
sue, t-haH.at lea-t ten daw beioie the day appointed foi the
c.uttmnotion of the witm^<«o>, give notice m writing to the
opposite pait\ ofliih intention to c.\amme whH.li
notice shall contain abatement ot the t"nc arid place of the
piomwd examination, the name of the othc^i who i-hall con-
duct tho same, the names ot' tho \\ itnef-t-e-? to be pxaiuined
and then piaccs of j evidence, winch notice ^lialt be seived
by leaving a copy with Use person to b- notified, or at Ins
ik-u.il pi.icy. of abode . Provided, nut'ici party sh-ill gue no-
tice nf tnling tcAhiomj ohhtferent places at ike same tuAC, or
without leaving an interval of at lea^t live days between the
close of taking testimony at one place and us commence-
ment ut anutlK'i.'5
Now, the construction of the committee upon I
this law is that both parties may open a commis- J
sion at the same time,andin different-places. How I
did that committee arrive at that conclusion, when i
the law itself says that neither party shall giveaae-
tice of the taking of depositions at different places
at the same time? Is it the construction of the
committee that both parties together may 4o what
the law has declared neither party may do ? All 1
can say is, that as a person desirous of putting a
proper construction upon the statute, I do not un-
derstand the reasoning which allows either parly
to do what the law itself declares neither .party
shall do.
It may be very convenient in practice, but if
gentlemen will look back andascertain the reasons
that induced the enactment of the law, they w^uld
probably have found it in the fact that,, in a con-
tested-election case which was brought to the ob-
servation of this House, just prior to the passage
of ibis act, it was shown that the United States
commissioner had been housed with one of the
parties and his witnesses; and, in the absence
of the other party, the contestant had examined
witnesses ex parte, and when the witnesses were
drunk, and other witnesses of whom nobody had
any knowledge in the neighborhood. Therefore
it was intended by those who enacted this law that
when a commission was opened, the party whose
rights were to be affected should have an oppor-
tunity to be present at the taking of the deposi-
tions, and that two commissions should not be
running at the same time in different places.
Neither party has this privilege under this,law.
What becomes of that proposition of the law,
under the construction of this committee,, which
requires that five days shall intervene between the
closing of the testimony at one place and the
opening of the commission to take it at another?
Why may I not open a thousand commissions in
the. congressional district as well as one, if, when
my adversary informs me he will be engaged at
A, I may notify him that his presence is required
at the same time at B ? Why may I not multiply
them ad infinitum? What is the use of that
section of the law which prohibits both parties
from taking testimony in different places at the
same time, under the construction these gentlemen
give to the law? No, sir, it was the intention of
the law, that within the sixty days, opportunity
should be afforded to the parties to be present,
and that if my competitor #pens a commission
in his behalf, I shall have the opportunity to be
present personally, if I prefer it. I am not to be
driven to the employment of a lawyer. I am not
to be driven to the employment of an agent;
Maybe I am not willing to doit—maybe I am not
able to do it.
Let us change the application of the point for
a moment. Suppose that instead of this election
of Mr. Campbell being contested here byapurty
who wants the seat, it was contested by one of
Ins constituents who did not want the seat, but
who merely wanted to have a judicial determina-
tion, by tins House, of some question affecting
the validity of the election arising under the State
laws; as, for instance, the day on which the elec-
tion was held, or the character of the constituency
that was permitted to vote. By the proposed con-
struction of the law, will you shut that man off
from his right to contest the election, by saying that
the sitting member—probably endowed with for-
tune—has the right to open a commission where-
ever he may choose, and at any number of places;
and that if the contestant cannot attend them, it is
his own fault' When that constituent challenges
the examination of votes at Hamilton, shall the
member proceed at the same moment to take and
close the proof at Dayton?
But, take the construction that it seems the
committee put upon the law, and, for the argu-
ment, assume that both these parties liad a right
to have commissions open at different places at
the same time: then this salient fact appears upon
the papers—that the contestant himself did mot so
construe the law at the. time that the contest was
going- on; for when Mr. Campbell gave his notice,
about the I7th of March, that he would occupy
the time from that date up to the 28th of March,
the contestant replied, no; that period of time is
already covered by my commissions. I do not know
whether the gentleman is a lawyer or not—I am
told that he is—and this shows the fact that xvhile
he was at home, on looking at this law, he put the
same construction upon it that I now put on it.
It shows the additional fact that, putting that con-
struction upon it, he attempted, m carrying out
his construction, to employ the whole time with
