1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
ginia [Mr. Goode] to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dobd,] in
lieu of the original bill. The bill will now be read
by sections, and will be open for amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I propose
to insert after the words " one hundred men," in
the ninth line, the words " all of whom shall be
citizens of the United States."
Mr. GOODE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MILLSON. I propose to offer an amend-
ment here, and perhaps the gentleman from Ken-
tucky Tiad better wait and submit his proposition
as an amendment to mine. I wish to submit an
amendment to strike out the whole of that sec-
tion; but if the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky be adopted now, it would not be in
order to move to strike out anything which the
House inserts. The gentleman can afterwards
attain bis object as well.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman from Virginia is going to move to strike
out the whole section, my amendment will come
first.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman will allow
ray amendment to be read, he will see that his
object can be attained after my proposition shall
have been voted on.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Bur, the gen-
tleman is perfectly conversant with the parlia-
mentary rule, that if you propose to strike out,
it is in order first to amend the part to be stricken
out, and that then the proposition to strike out
can be voted on.
Mr. MILLSON. It will save two votes.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment fails,
it will still be in order to amend the original text.
Mr. Millson's amendment was then read, as
follows:
Strike out the following:
u And tor tins enforcement of the police regulations of the
city of Washington, to consist of a chief, at an annual sal-
ary of $2,000, mie captain, at an annual salary of $1,MOO,
foui- lieutenants, atari annual sahny of$800 each, and one
hundred men, at an annual b&laiy of &(>00 each, to be paid
monthly;"
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
And to aid in tlx* enforcement of tin* police regulation*
of the city of W.whinirton, to consist of a chief, at an annual
salary of .$£,000,one captain, at an annual salary of $1,*300,
two. three,or foui lieuu nant^,<is may horu time to time be
determined by the Seeretaiy of the Jnfenor, ar an annual
salary of $800 each, thuty men, at an annual salary of i$600
each, to be paid monthly; and at the discretion of'ihe See
rctaiy of the interior, taieh additional number, from time to
time, nor exceeding seventy, at a like compensation, a-* fiiall
make the whole, number equal to the number employed for
like purposes by the city of Washington.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, whether there
be any obligation upon Congress to establish a
police force for the city of Washington, 1 need
not determine; but there is at least a propriety in
our contributing some assistance to preserve the
public peace and property here, for reasons which
have been explained by gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me in the debate. The presence of Con-
gress here, the large number of public officers, for-
eign ministeis, their famines and servants—all
these seem to make it proper that some aid should
be contributed to the authorities of the, city in
maintaining older here. Hut, sir, 1 am not will-
ing that the people of the United States shall
assume upon themselves the whole burden of es-
tablishing a police force for the city of Washing-
ton. We now employ thirty men as an auxiliary
guard. I propose, by this amendment, to retain
that guard; retaining, however, the authority of
Congress over them, and putting them under the
control of officeis of our own appointment. And
then, I propose to allow a sufficient number, in
addition to the thirty, to be called into the public
service, as may equal the whole number contrib-
uted by the oity of Washington.
Sir, if wo establish a guard here of one hun-
dred men, the corporation of Washington will
disband their guard altogether, because they have
no need of more than one hundred men, and very
rarely have need of as many as a hundred. We
would then be at the charge of supporting the
whole police establishment of the city of Wash-
ington. Sir, there are times when the city is
quiet and orderly. During the recess of Con-
gress, there is rarely occasion for an extraordi-
nary police force here. It is only during the ses-
sion of Congress that this disoider exists.
Now, sir, this provides for a sort of sliding
scale. The Secretary of the Interior, when forty
men are culled iniu the service of the city of
Washington, will employ forty men forthe Uni-
ted States. If one hundred men are wanted alto-
gether, the city of Washington will appoint fifty,
and the Government of the United States the other
fifty. In this way, we shall have a force propor-
tioned to the exigency; and I, for one, am not will-
ing to establish a permanent guard of one hundred
men, to be supported by the people of the United
States exclusively,when there may be no occasion
for their services, [t will be observed—and this
1 prepared before the suggestion of the gentleman
from Kentucky a day or two ago, though I felt
the force of the suggestion—that this guard is in-
tended not for the enforcement of the police regu-
lations of the city of Washington, but simply to
aid in their enforcement. They are not to be under
the control of the municipal authorities at all.
This is a Federal force. You employ already a
body of watchmen, thirty or forty m number.
They have charge of the public buildings. They
are not under the control of the authoiities of
Washington, nor ought they to be. And I wish,
therefore, that the force which we contribute to
the public services shall be under the control of
Federal officers,giving such assistance to the po-'
lice of Washington as may be deemed necessary.
Mr. GOODE. I am opposed to the amendment.
In my opinion, it would be fatal to the bill. My
colleague proceeds upon the assumption that the
Government of the United States shall furnish no
stronger police force than shall be furnished by
the municipal authorities at Washington. Sir,
suppose the municipal authorities of Washington
appoint no police force at all: the exigency exists
for the presence of a force; the municipal author-
ities may get into controversy and fail to appoint
a force; the proposition of my colleague, in that
case, will prohibit the Government of the United
States from protecting itself at all.
Mr. MILLSON. You will have thirty men.
Mr GOODE. Tlmt number would bcquitr in-
adequate. But again, my colleague proposes to
give to the Secretary of the Interior the absolute
right to dismiss these officers, not because of any
alleged impropriety of conduct, but because ho
may determine when the public service requires
the force. Who would conscntto take the position
under such circumstances? It appears to mo that
the amendment is altogether defective, and I hope
it will be rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia:
" Saul ottieers mid men shall all be citizens of the United
States when employ <d ni this keivice."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to offer
an amendment to the amendment winch, I under-
stand, my colleague is willing to accept. It is to
come in after word "Washington.'5
Mr. GOODE. I could not accept it now, as the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Millson] is
ponding. I would be willing to accept it as an
amendment to my bill.
The CHAIRMAN. There is now an amend-
ment pending to the first section of the bill, which
must first be disposed of.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Chairman, it is in order, I be-
lieve, to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Virsrinin. 1 indicated the other day in some
remarks winch I made on this bill, two points
upon which, in my opinion, the bill needed amend-
ment, and uponwhivh amendment had not been
proposed by any member of the com.miffee. One
of these points, J am happy to Fay, has been met
by the amendment just offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, and for that amendment I shall
most cheerfully vote. The other no.at will ' ^ met
by the proposition I now oiler. I movetostiiko
from the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, the words, " the police regulations of the
city of Washington,"and to insert m lieu thereof
the words, 45 such of the laws of the District of
Columbia and police regulations of the city of
Washington as are or snail be in force for such
protection." I stated the other day that my object
in offering this amendment would be to relieve
the Federal Government from any concern or re-
sponsibility for the local police regulations of the
city of Washington; that at least that portion of
the police appointed and supported by the Federal
Treasury may not be implb'eted in the local affairs
of the District of Columbia Anther than m abso- '
lutely necessary. Now I take it that if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia prevails, we
aie to have simply an auxiliary force, and that we
are not to relieve the people of this District from
all responsibility for their own government, or
from all the expense of enforcing their own laws.
We are to furnish them such aid and assistance as
may be required on the principle indicated by me
the other day, and indicated again to-day by the
gentleman from Virginia.
It seems, then, if thatis the case, that, in gen-
eral language, (for it is impossible to be particular
in the case,) we should indicate the general pur-
pose and object for which that police is to be af-
forded. As for instance: we do not wish to fur-
nish, by the Federal Government, men to go to
the city markets to enforce the necessary details
of its arrangements, to prescribe the position of
the wagon of B, or the wa?on of C, to interfere
in the petty quarrels and difficulties between the
occupant of one stall and that of another; to see
that A's butter stall does not encroach upon B's
cabbage department—indeed that they shall be
engaged in any of the local or merely municipal
matters of the District. Neither do we, at least
on this side of the House, want to pay, out of the
Federal Treasury, for a police that shall be en-
ftnged in hunting fugitive slaves in the District of
Columbia. I am desirous that we shall agree
in relation to this matter; I am desirous that we
shall furnish all proper and reasonable aid that we
can be called upon to furnish to keep the peace of
the city, to protect the property of the city, and
to protect the lives of those who come here to do
business; but I am not willing that we shall he in-
volved in all their local regulations, or in those
dishonorable and disgraceful regulations to which
I have alluded; and I never will vote for any police
bill that is not guarded on this point. This use
of the police was objected to the other day by my
colleague on the right, [Mr. Giddings,] and allu-
sion was made on the other side to that objection.
It was justly said that a portion of the opposition
to this bill arises from that cause. Some do oppose
it mainly from the fact that the police heretofore
have shown more zeal in protecting the sl«ve
property of the District—if property it can be
called, than they did 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and Mr. Buss'a
amendment was rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to add the following
proviso to the bill:
Provided, That Haul auxihaiy cmarrl shall not he employer!
jii the ar;e.-<t of an> j>< i,-on eveptthobu chained with euuio
01 other ofloiis.es ngams-t the law.
Mr. Chairman, I do this merely for the purpose
of stating a fact. I have this morning received
the report of an attorney employed by myself to
investigate a case where a freeman is now in
prison, and sentenced to be sold unless his friends
come forward and pay the expenses of his im-
prisonment. My attorney, employed for (hat
purpose, has found witnerses who will testify
under oath that the man who is imprisoned has
been a fieeman from his childhood up. I state
this fact that northern men mny know that in
this bill wo are paying northern money to involve
northern honor, and to imprison and sell freemen
info slavery.
Mr. MILLSON. I can only express my regret
that the gentleman from Ohio should take the op-
portunity, in tho consideration of a bill deemed
mvcssm y for the protection of public property and
of the prisons of citizens residing in the city of
Washington, to introduce topics involving those
peeului matte!s which seem to be his delight to
dwell upon. Does the gentlemnn desire to defeat
the passage of the amendment altogether? He
ninut bo aware that he could not adopt a more sue-
cc^fu) mode of assailing the amendment I have
submitted than that ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will you, my dear friend,
imprison and sell men into slavery "?
Air. MILLSON. The question has no appli-
cation to anything m this discussion before the
House; but the gentleman ought not to put such
a question; for he ought to have known that there
is no gentle man here who could be induced to con-
sent to sell a free person into slavery.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then why not accept the
amendment ?
Mr. MILLSON. The object of the amendment
seems to be to prevent the police force from being
