1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
dressed to the sound, equitable discretion of this
court. This high tribunal is not to carry out a
Kentucky statute of practice.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman forgets
or fails to mention a material feet, that this ease
was fully argued upon its merits by the attorney
general of Ohio for the contestant, and that the
argument for the sitting member had been con-
tinued for two days before the application for
continuance was made. And, in analogy to judi-
cial proceedings, I say that, when a party an-
nounces himself ready to put a case on trial and
proceeds with the trial, he must bring very strong
reasons for setting the judgment aside.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to cor-
rect the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Steven-
son.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will cor-
rect the gentleman myself. That statement brings
us to the " cream of the cocoanv.t." Thatbrings us
to the question of fact, whether Mr. Campbell had
pronounced himself ready to have a hearing before the
committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. He had not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then why
does my colleague put him in the category with a
man in court, who has announced himself ready
for the trial? and why does he say the trial had
for two days proceeded &c. ? The fact that the
attorney general of Ohio argued the case upon its
merits for two days, does not prove that Mr.
Campbell had announced himself ready for the
hearing. On the contrary, I understand that the
case was taken up in violation of what Mr. Camp-
bell understood to be the intimation of the chairman
of the committee. I do not mean to be understood
as imputing unfairness upon the part of the chair-
man or any member of the committee.
Mr. GILMER. I want my friend fiom Ken-
tucky to go oil and state the facts, as 1 know he
will with great pleasuie.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Kentucky, I will
state that, in the absence of Mr. Campbell, the
committee were called together and the contestant
appeared before them with his counsel, and de-
sired to be heard upon the merits of the case.
Perhaps I should not refer to what transpired be-
fore the committee; but inasmuch as reference lias
been made to the transactions of the committee,
I think I maybe permitted to state some few facts.
At that time I made the suggestion that perhaps
it was not exactly right to do so in the absence of
Mr. Campbell. It was said, upon the other side,
that the counsel of the contestant was to leave for
Ohio jn a day or two, and that it was important
that he should be heard-, that he would make a full
brief, and give it to Mr. Campbell. Mr. Camp-
bell soon after returned, and immediately made ap-
plication for further time; or rather, that, m order
that he might determine whether or not he should
desire further Lime, he would like to have the com-
mittee pass upon some preliminary questions.
The committee discussed that matter to some
extent, hearing Mr. Campbell's attorney partly
through upon the preliminary question; then finally
said he must decide at once whether he would
apply for further time to take testimony; and in-
formed him that they would not decide upon the
preliminary question or demurrer until they came
to decide upon the full merits of the case; and that,
if he desired to put in an application for further
time, ho must do it then. And it was under-
stood when Mr. Campbell's attorney commenced
making the argument, he was considered as hav-
ing made the application at that time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky whether, when the sitting
member had allowed a whole month to pass after
his case was laid before the committee, without
he or any of his friends making any application
for a continuance, the contestant had not a right
to infer that he was ready in the cause?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Most in-
dubitably not, in the presence of the fact that we
had taken a long recess at that time; that the sit-
ting member had gone home, with an understand-
ing that his case would not be taken up unless he
was telegraphed of the fact, and notified to be
present. But, sir, if the gentleman were a judge
of a court in the county where he lives, and should
say to parties litigant in that court that there
would be no more causes taken up until the next
Monday morning; that the witnesses and jury-
men could go home; what would the people think
of him if he were to take up a case in the absence
of one of the parties, take proof, and proceed to
judgment? I would like the gentleman to tell me
the difference between this case and that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think it would be per-
fectly right to take it up if that litigant's attorney
was there and allowed it to be taken up.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Who was
that attorney in Mr. Campbell's case ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Day, of New Orleans.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. He was not
the attoi'ney until after Mr. Campbell's return. The
committee took it up while Mr. Campbell was at
home attending at the sick bed of his wife, and
heard the attorney general of Ohio for two full
days argue the merits of the case in the abscnrce
of Mr. Campbell, when he had gone home with
the understanding that the case would not be
taken up in his absence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. This whole case
seems to be argued upon very little points; and I
hope the gentleman from Kentucky will remem-
ber, "de minimis non curat lex." In regard to this
whole question, there is no difference of opinion
between Mr. Campbell and myself. This testi-
mony was all printed two or three days before the
recess; and it was in the hands of the members
of the committee. There was no action taken by
the committee prior to the recess. Mr. Campbell
came to me, and asked if the case would be taken
up before the recess ? I told him I thought not; that
the testimony was voluminous, and that we could
look at it in our rooms better than in the commit-
tee. He said he desired to go home; and requested,
if necessary, that we should send him word by
telegraph. "I promised to do so. I only promised
that; but I wiote him a letter, stating that his pres-
ence here would be necessary by a given day; that
Mr. Vallandigham was here, and desired to take
up the case. That letter was written four or five,
and perhaps six, days before his presence was
necessary. In addition to that I sent him a tele-
graphic dispatch, which he received. He told me,
on his return, that he did not get my letter, but
that he got the dispatch.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I received the letter after
my return here.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There was no mis-
understanding about it. Mr. Vallandigham was
here with Ins counsel, waitmgfour orfive days to
commence the argument. Mr. Vallandigham
said that his counsel could not stay longer. As
Mr. Campbell had been notified to be here on a
given day, but did not come, the argument com-
menced, and the counsel promised to Mr. Camp-
bell a full brief of it. I believe he wrote out the
substance of what he said, and gave it to Mr.
Campbell. lie returned with Mr. Day, a distin-
guished lawyer from Nt"// Orleans, who argued
the case for two full days upon its merits before
any application whatever was made for a contin-
uance.
In justification, however, to Mr. Campbell, I
must say that a motion was submitted to the com-
mittee requiring them to decide certain legal ques-
tions in regard to the admissibility of some tes-
timony. In case the committee decided that cer-
tain testimony was illegal, then he desired fui tlicr
time to take testimony. He desired an immedi-
ate decision. The committee concluded not to
decide upon the admissibility. It was not a mo-
tion to suppress testimony or to take testimony.
The committee determined not to decide upon the
admissibility of this particular testimony, nor
upon any of the other points raised; but only
upon the whole case. After all tins argument
had taken place upon the merits of the case, the
application was made for a continuance.
I believe Ihavestatcdthefarts c.oirectly,and the
journal of the Committee of Elections, which I
have before me, bears me out in my statement.
If I have not, I desire any gentleman to correct
me.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The expla-
nation answers all the purposes I desire to accom-
plish by it. It is to show to the House the fact
that Mr. Campbell did not go into a discussion of
the merits of this case voluntarily; that the dis-
cussion commenced in his absence; that he had
filed preliminary exceptions to the admissibility
of certain testimony, an.d it will be apprehended
by the country, which may take an interest in
this case, that, according to all the modes of prac-
tice, exceptions to the admissibility of testimony
are generally heard in the progress of a case. If
a question as to the admissibility of testimony
arises in a jury trial, it is decided as the case pro-
gresses. If exceptions to the admissibility or
competency of testimony arise in a chancery
cause, they are decided before, or, if not before,
at the general hearing 
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask my col-
league a question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will say
to my colleague that I have not time, as there are
other points to which I desire to refer. How
much time have I left, Mr. Speaker ?
The SPEAKER. Four minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It has been
said by my colleague, or by some other gentle-
man, that Mr. Campbell has only produced affi-
davits to show that he could change three votes. I
want you to remember that those votes were negro
votes—negro votes given for the Democratic can-
didate. Sir, it is known to the House that a syl-
labus, setting forth the proof in this case, taken
by the contestant, was circulated prior to the hear-
ing, and addressed to the jurors before the cu a: I came
on. I recollect that I received one of them at my
home, long before I came here. It was an argu-
ment of the case before term time, by one of the
parties; and the point addressed to us, from the
slaveholdin^ States particularly, was that there
was something dark about Campbell's vote; that
"niggers" had voted for him; and Campbell,
knowing our peculiar sensitiveness upon that sub-
ject, offers to produce testimony here to show
that three negroes voted for the contestant to every
one that voted for him. That is the reason why-
lie furnishes these aifidavits at all. It is a speech
to those among us who are sensitive in regard to
a particular species of suffrage.
Again, sir, there is afair and good reason why
the names of the witnesses should not be given
in this application for further time. One of the
charges in this case is, that there was a wholesale
scheme " of colonization" in this election. That
charge is made by Mr. Campbell against the other
side. If there was any such wholesale scheme
of colonization carried on in order to rob the peo-
ple of the district of their rights, then it would be
the easiest thing in the world to get hold of the
men who were colonized, if a list of their names
was published before they were brought forward
to testify. That excuse for the failure to furnish
a list of the names of witnesses would be consid-
ered perfectly conclusive and satisfactory in a
court of justice.
[Here'the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is my wish,
Mr. Speaker, that in the discussion of this ques-
tion, mid in its decision, we should act as if we
were a court—act as if we were judges. I wish
to be governed by the same considerations that
would govern me if I were on the bench; and I
did hope, when the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] arose, that he would have ar-
gued the question upon its merits as a question
of continuance addressed to our discretion as a
court, whether the motion to continue should be
granted or not, in order to effectuate justice. I
intend, in what I say, to argue this motion to
continue upon its merits. But I must say to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that in what he said
before the conclusion of his remarks, it does seem
to me that he has not been governed by the rule
he laid down. He alludes to an exhibit made by
the sitting member in hisapplication foracontinu-
ance in which is appended the affidavit of two or
three individuals, stating that one Flanigan, who
is a negro, voted for Mr. Vallandigham, but the
sitting member does not even state that lie expects
to prove this statement to bo true.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Allow me
to set myself right. My allusion to that was in
reply to the statement that Mr. Campbell had
made an attempt to show how many votes he could
change, and had only attempted to show that he
could1 change three. My point was, that that at-
tempt was made to meet an effort on the part of
the contestant to create a prejudice against the
sitting member.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well, sir;
let the question lie argued strictly as a motion to
continue. Whut I say is, that the sitting mem-
l! ber does not nilege that he expects to show that
;i Flanigan was a negro, and voted for Mr. Vallan-
