1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOffifc.
TuW?
Mr. TOOMBS. You cannot pass any more
pensions, until thatis reconsidered, to-day. I give
you notice of that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want it understood that 1
object to all bills for pensions to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
reconsider, in the case of the bill for the relief of
Mrs. Jones, will be entered.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently said: I interposed
an objection to a motion which was made by the
Senator from Georgia, a few moments since. I
have since made such examination as satisfies my
jown mind on the claim, and I have no objection
to taking the question. It was the motion to re-
consider the bill (H. R. No. 42) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the bill remain now as
if it was objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it lies over.
joiin m'donougii.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceed to consider the bill (II. R,. No. 543) for
the relief of the legal representatives of John
McDonough, deceased, lato of Louisiana.
It provides that the claim numbered thirty-nine
in the report of the register and receiver of the
land office at New Orleans, Louisiana, made on
the 22d of November, 1837, in the name of John
McDonough, to a tract of about one hundred and
seventy-seven superficial arpents of land, be con-
firmed; and that a patent issue, as in ordinary
cases, tc^ the legal representatives of McDonough;
but this confh marion is only to be construed as
a relinquishment of all rigfit and title of the Uni-
ted States, an<i is not to prejudice the legal claim
of any other party, should such exist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JEAN BAPTISTS DEVIDRINE.
The bill (H. R. No. 451) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Jean Baptistc Dovidrine,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the legal representatives of
Jean feaptisteDevidrine, late of Louisiana, be con-
firmed in their claim to that tract or parcel of land
known on the public surveys of the southwestern
land district of that State as lotforty-five, in town-
ship four south, range three east, and lot seventy-
three, in township four south, range four east,
containing about four hundred arpents, or three
hundred Slid fifty acres, of land, and that a patent
issue therefor, as in other cases; but this act is
only to be construed as a relinquishment of what-
ever title may be now vested in the United States,
and is in nowise to interfere with any valid ad-
verse claim of other or third parties, should such
there be.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BERIAH WRIGHT.
The next bill in order was the bill (H. R. No.
460)grantin£an invalid pension to Beriah Wright,
of New York.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Beriah Wright, of New York, upon
the roll of invalid pensioners of the United States
and pay to him a pension, at the rate of four dol-
lars per month, from the 16th of February, 1858,
durihg his natural life.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred tiie petition and accompanwnc pajrers hi the case ol
Betiah Wriqht, of the Slate ol New Yoik, icport:
Tnat he was'in si-mee m the United skates Airay as a
coiporal, and he terries veiy clearly, that owing
tn exposure tor want ot tents and clothing, he was attacked
with ilieunifti&m so scveiely, that iJayly. command -
in* the legiment. allowed I'nin to procure a sulx-niute and
return to his Home, *oine torn or five weeks bctore the ex-
piration of his term of service ; v, Iwh lac 11< «bown by the
majot's affidavit. The tenn of MMviee commenced May.
19. 1813. and Corporal Wriirht IHi ip the wiutei ofI«iy-I4
to go home. l)r. Kenriektestmps that Wnght left home m
good health, robust and vi^oiou-4. arid leuiineu 101 medical
advice ; hts complaint was-rheumatism ; and thai it has dis-
abled him, the said Wright, one halfoi three qaiirer*. Da-
vid Palmer, another physician, testifies that said W light is
disabled Jrom same cause one halt'. These gentlemen are
certified by justices of the peace a& physicians of goudie-
pute. Amos W. Brown, a lieutenant in the thirty-first Uni-
ted States infantry, the regiment in which Wright served,
swears to the disability of Wright having been incurred in
the service of the United States, and in the ime ot liis duty.
The Hon. Francis E. Spinner, a member of this House, filps
a letter in which he refers to the extreme poverty of the
petitioner; he i.s personally acquainted with Wright, and
believes that his ease is truly a meritorious one. Your com-
mittee are of the opinion that the petitioner is entitled to a
pension of four dollars per month, from the 16th day of Feb-
ruary, 1858. They therefore report a bill.
Mr. CLAY. There is no explanation there
why he does not apply at the Pension Office, or
why they will not give him a pension.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is that a pension ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to all pensions.
The hill was passed over.
I.AND ENTRIES IN LOUISIANA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 327) to af-
firm certain entries of land in the State of Louisi-
ana.
It provides that the following described entries
of land made by the persons hereinafter named,
in the southwestern land district of Louisiana, be
affirmed and held to be valid: Lots one and two,
of section five, township fifteen south, range eleven
east, containing one hundred and fifty-four and
forty hundredths acres, entered by John Dawson;
lots two, three, four, and five, section six, town-
ship fifteen, range eleven east, containing one hun-
dred and fifty-live and seventy-one hundredths
acres, entered by John D. Alston, and fractional
southwest quarter of section thirty-two and frac-
tional scct ion thirty-one, township fourteen south,
range eleven east, containing sixty-eight and four
hundredths acres, entered by Joseph T. Hawkins.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, read the third time, and passed.
little falls bridge.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 414) to reimburse the corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, a sum of
money advanced towards the construction of the
Little Falls bridge.
It provides that a sum be appropriated to repay
the corporation of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, all moneys heretofore advanced by the
corporation for and towards the construction of
the bridge over the Potomac, at the point known
as the Little Falls. And the corporation of George-
town, by accepting the provisions of this act, is
to waive and surrender all further claim" or demand
on the Government of the United States, founded
on any advancement of money or other thing to-
wards the object therein specified to any other
purpose whatsoever.
Mr. IVERSON. That bill seems to appro-
priate nothing. The Senator from Mississippi,
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, who reported the bill is not in his seat.
It had better be passed over informally.
Mr. HAMLIN. We had the sum m our com-
mittee.
Mr. IVERSON. We had better let it pass over
informally.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The bill was passed over.
Mr. BROWN subsequently said: A few mo-
ments ago, while I happened to be out of my seat,
a little bill for refunding to Georgetown certain
moneys paid by her was laid aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take it to be the sense of the Senate to proceed
with the consideration of that bill.
Mr. BROWN. The report shows that the
amount is $4,600. The blank can be filled with
that sum. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I call for the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ti<" 'Committee on the District of Columbia, to vihnm
was inferred the memorial of the Mayor of Georgetown,
piaymg to be leiinbuised the >um ot ,5'.*3.000, advanced by
the corpomuon of Georgetown towasd-s the constiuctiou ot
the buciire ovr the Poionn*'. r.f the Lmie Falls, haw. ac-
eoirimtr to ouler, had the same under coiisadeiation, ami
beg leave to i-uimnt the loilou mg report:
iu the month ot Match. 18,^3 the -11m ot >£30.000 was ap-
piopriated by (Jorgtess for the construction of a bii'j^e
acioss the Potomac rivei, at a point known as the Lutlc
F.ilis, and the woik wa* placed m process of construction
under the direction of George Thorn, captain in coipsof
topogiaphical engineers.
In the fall of 1853, when the work had been prosecutecf
near to completion, the appropriation was found to be ex-
hausted—the sain of $30,000 having been expended—and
it became necessary to suspend operations until other funds
could be procured applicable to the object.
It was supposed that several months must pass before an
additional appropriation could be expected from Congress';
and the abandonment of the work, in an unfinished condi-
tion, at the approach of winter, must expose it to serious
injury, whilst its suspension would involve a necessity for
a sale of the stock on hand, by which the Government*
would suffer a heavy loss. To avoid these evils, the -offi-
cer in charge, on consultation with the Secretary of the
Interior, applied to the coiporate authorities of Georgetown
to advance a sum of $5,000, which would enable him" to
continue his operations, and carry forward the bridge to a
condition in which it might he used for travel during the
then following winter. This proposition was acceded to,
and, by several acts of the coi porat:on, the. sum of $5,800
was placed to the credit and subject to the order of Captam
Thorn, to he expended in the constiuction of the Little
Falls bridge, his assurance being given, with the consent
of the Secuetaiv of the interior."that the amount should be
reimbursed to the corporation of Georgetown when the fur-
ther appropriation should be made by Congress. Tt also
appeais that some hen on the stock on hand was executed
in favor of the corporation of Georgetown, as a security for
the reimbur>emcnt ot the amount advanced ; but it is be-
hoved that nothing was realized by the corpoiation from
thw hen, the entire stock having been applied to the uses
of Government'.
In August, 1854, Congress apptopiKited a further sum of
$15,000 tor completing the budge; but a serious accident
had befallen it, which created a necessity for the appropri-
ation of a large sum, and the corporation of Geoigetown
postponed its claim for immediate payment, unwilling to
delav the completion of the work ; accordingly, the sum of
$K5,800, part of the appropriation of $15,000, was applied
i towards the completion of the budge, leaving a balance of
| ,<£1,900, which was applied toward* the payment of thesum
I of $5,800, leaving the sum of $4,000 due to the corporation
1 of Georgetown ; for the payment of which a bill is herewith
j reported. *
I The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
| was ordered to bo engrossed for a third reading,
i was read the third time, and passed.
| william turvin.
i The bill (H. R. C. C. No. 81) for the relief of
| the heirs of William Turvin, deceased, was eon-
sideied as in Committee of the Whole,
j It directs thatthe heirs of William Turvin,dc-
j ceased, be authorized to locate, free of cost, nine
; hundred and sixty arpents of land, or as near
| thereto as the. same, can be done, not exceeding
j that quantity, according to the legal subdivisions,
on any of the public lands of the United States
ji subject to entry at private sale, at £1 25 per acre;
which lands, when so located, shall be in full for
the claim of their father to a tract of land lying on
the east side of the Mobile river and west of the
Bayou Pascual, under a grant from the Spanish
Government, which was recommended for con-
firmation on the report of the register and receiver
of the land office for the district of St. Stephens.
Mr. PUGIJ. I do not understand that. Has
i the Court of Claims <rot to be giving; judgment to
ji be paid in bounty land warrants? ft seems to be
ii a judgment for a certain number of acres of land.
1; Mr. POLK. I wiil state to the Senator from
i\ Ohio the facts in the case. The bill was referred
j| to the Committee on Claims. The committee
II weie somewhat doubtful whether they ought not
r to rcpoit it buck to the Senate, and ask to be dis-
i1 charged, and have it sent to the Committee on
I Private Land Chums; 'nut they considered that
Ij the case was a very plain one, and that if that
j course was taken, peihaps it might not come be-
ll fore the Senate at this session, and they had better
1 report in favor of it; which they did.
•: 'Mr. STUART. Do I understand thatthis case
:i was adju'li'\"t!'!i hy the Court of Claims r
li Mr.'lVEUoON. If was.
ij The PRESIDING OFFICER. The case must
j! go over if it l<\uis to debate.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish only to make an ex-
phi nation.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER; Very brief ex-
j phumtions are usually received. *
Mr. I PERSON. The ease went to the Court
of Churns, on an original petition. It was de-
cukd by the court in favor of the petitioners,
■! and the decision sent to the Hou&e of Represcnt-
i; ai.ves. It was refened to the Committee of
Claims, of that body, at this session. That com-
j mittec reported the bill with a recommendation
" that it should pass, accompanied by a report.
|! The bill passed the House of Representatives,
ji came here, was referred to our Committee on
Claims, and reported upon favorably.
ij Mr. STIJART. The difficulty I have, is that
the Couxt of Claims has no jurisdiction whatever
