1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
President i&, by electois chosen by the people of;
the United States once in tour years. But as that;
would involve an inconvenient change of the Con-'
stitution of the United States, we cannot adopt that
mode at the present time.
I am, therefore, content that the appointment
of the superintendent of police shall remain where j
it is proposed to be vested—in the President; and i
that the superintendent shall have the selection of
his captains and watchmen.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The reason for in-
cluding the Mayor of Washington in this board
of police commissioners was simply in respect to
the peculiar character of the police to be created.
We have already an existing police. This force,
if created, will be claimed to be an auxiliary body
to that police. The police already existing is
somewhat under the control, questionless, of the
Mayor and authorities of the city of Washing-
ton; and if you create an auxiliary body without
referring that body at all to the control or to the
judgment of the head of the present existing po-
lice, you will compose a body outside of their
authority, and, in some degree, perhaps, m con-
flict with them. It is in order to compose a ho-
mogeneous body that it is proposed that one of
the officers who has control of the present body
of police shall have something to say in the con-
trol of the auxiliary guard proposed to be created.
And, for another reason, it was proposed that the
Mayor of Washington should be one of those
commissioners; and that is, that he is the one
among them who is more immediately responsi-
ble to the popular vote. The President of the
United States unquestionably is answerable to
those who exercise the elective franchise in the
Union; the marshal is answerable to the Presi-
dent; and the Mayor is answerable for the method
in which he shall discharge his duties to his con-
stituents about lum. Thus are there three ele-
ments selected for this board of commissioners.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if ho thinks it is competent for Congress to
impose upon municipal officers the duty of per-
forming municipal duties notconnected with char-
ter duties in conjunction with Federal officers?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think so clearly.
I think that it is perfectly competent, and within
the power of Congress, to impose any duty upon
citizens, whether officers or not, for the conser-
vation of the property and peace of this District.
Those are the reasons why I propose to include I
the Mayor of the city of Washington on this j
board; and I think that if the Mayor should be J
stricken from the board, it will remain incongru-
ous and inefficient.
The previous question being on Mr. Millson's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. CI KEEN WOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. John Coch-
rane and Trifpe weie appointed.
The committee divided,and the tellers reported
—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on Mr. John* Coch-
rane js amendment.
Mr. MiLLSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millsox
and Adrain were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 78, noes G3.
Bo the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MILES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be added to the first section of the hill:
And the Secretary of the Interior is authonzed to pur-
chase twenty-five liotr.es for the ut-e of the clt!"{, captain,
lieutenants, and such of the privates as tne chief may de-
tail for mounted service.
Mr. STANTON. I want to move to amend
by adding " ten mules." [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
South Carolina has the floor.
Mr. MILES. Gentlemen may treat the amend-
ment with ridicule; but I speak from experience,
and I offer the amendment in perfect good faith.
I have seen something of the working of police
systems, and have studied them with some care.
It was my duty so to do, for I had the honor to
be Mayor of the city of Charleston for the last
two years. I introduced a system of police there,
the resultofmuch study and reflection, and of the
comparison of various police systems, both in this
country and Europe. I found that in thy best
organized systems, a mounted force was an es-
ential constituent of it. My own experience in
Charleston, where we have fifty mounted men,
convinced me that a mounted force is almost in-
dispensable. It is utterly impossible, in a city
covering the extent of ground of this city, for one
hundred men to guard it effectually. It is impos-
sible for the officers—the chief, captain, and lieu-
tenants—to go the rounds in such a manner as
to be satisfied that the patrolmen are doing their
duty, unless they be mounted. The best author-
ities on this subject in Europe, where the police
system has been reduced to a more thorough and
scientific form than elsewhere, show that one
mounted man can patrol as much space as five
footmen can. On the question of economy, on
which so much has been said, I think that the
having twenty-five mounted policemen will be an
actual saving of money. With these remarks, I
submit my amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I was originally in favor
of a bill establishing an efficient police in this city;
but I am rather of opinion now, that after all tne
doctoring it has been and is being subjected to, it
cannot receive my support. I have no doubt that
the gentleman from South Carolina is correct
when he states that a mounted police is more effi-
cient and can do more service than a foot police.
His amendment, if adopted, would have another
advantage; and that is, it would have the effect
of keeping the policemen out of the corner gro-
ceries. But, if we can pass a bill of this kind at
all—of which I have much doubt—we can only
pass a bill to increase the number of police on
foot. I am satisfied that if we adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, how-
ever deficient a foot-police system may be, the
bill cannot possibly be passed. In addition to
the expenses incurred by the creation of the po-
lice itself, this amendment would entail the neces-
sity of erecting public stables for the horses, pro-
curing grooms, proeunng forage, and incurring
other expenses in addition to the purchase of the
horses. I had hoped, when the proposition was
made to create this additional police force, that it
would have met no serious opposition. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
John Cochrane,] just adopted,is certainly very
objectionable to me. It was my impression that
the Mayor should have nothing to do with this
police; that it should be independent of the Mayor
in every sense of the word.
If the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina should be adopted, the expense, as pro-
vided for by the bill, and whic.h is so much com-
plained of, will be greatly increased. I very much
regret, if it is the intention of the House to adopt
a police system at all, to see so much disposition
manifested to propose amendments to the bill.
There are various modes of killing off a bill, but
there is no mode more effectual than by proposing
and adopting amendments which must make it
odious to members. I freely confess that I am in
favor of the adoption of some system by which
the peace of the city will be more efficiently pre-
served ; but if we adopt the proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, I am satisfied that it
will defeat the bill; and I hope, therefore, that it
will be voted down.
Mr. MILES. Is it now in order for me to
move to amend my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlcmancan mod-
ify his amendment.
Mr. MILES. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to my amendment by way of modification.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman would not
be entitled to make a speech upon it.
Mr. MILES. Should I not have a right to
explain it:
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlcman has had
five minutes to explain his amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] what
has been the experience in the city of New York
in reference to this question of a mounted police ? j]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am not aware ij
that we have yet resorted to a mounted police jj
there, although it is generally understood to be ['
greatly needed. I|
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend- d
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, by
striking out " five,"so as to make the number of, j
mounted men twenty, instead of twenty-five. i1
Mr. Chairman, i believe that it is the honest H
intention of every member upon this floor to try
and get up an efficient police, if one is to be estab-
lished at all. 1 am glad that the gentleman fiom
South Carolina has brought forward his proposi-
tion. It is a common-sense proposition. No gen-
tleman can deny that it is utterly impossible for
a man upon foot to travel over Washington city,
and see that the subordinates are discharging their
duties properly. If you can get a mounted force
of honest, active, and energetic men, my word
for it, from the experience of the city of Savan-
nah, in my own State, you will have an efficient
police, and be able to restore order in the city of
Washington. Gentlemen may attempt to ridi-
cule the proposition; but the city of Washington
covers a large area of territory. We all know
the labor we have to undergo in going from one
office to another to attend to our ordinary busi-
ness. Now, I submit that no force on foot can
keep this city in a proper state of order and sub-
ordination, especially with the amount of vicious
population turned in here from all parts of theUni-
ted States every time Congress meets. [Laugh-
ter.] Of course I do not allude to the members
of Congress. I allude to gentlemen—some very
clever, and some very vicious—who come here
to get office; and then I have no doubt that a
great number of men congregate here to steal
while we are in session. It is that class of men
that we have to hunt up; itis the crimes commit-
ted by that class of men that have got to be sup-
pressed. I think the resident population here is
as good as that of any other city of the same size.
It is the floating population that you have to deal
with; and you cannot suppress crime, in my
opinion, unless you get up an efficient mounted
police. I hope the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina will be adopted.
Mr. MILES. I desire to defend my amend-
ment. I have already stated to the committee the
views which influenced me in offering it. In my
personal experience as Mayor of a city with a
population about the same as that of Washing-
ton, (the population of Charleston is now about
sixty thousand,) I discovered that the use of
these mounted men was most important; and not-
withstanding the great opposition to it at first. I
believe that now the citizens of Charleston would
abolish any feature of their police system sooner
than they would this mounted force. It has been
tested thoroughly; it has been tried and not found
wanting.
Gentlemen here lay great stress, as T said be
fore, upon the question of dollars and cents as
connected with the police. Sir, I confess that
does not weigh with me at all. What! Shall
we, the Representatives of a greatcountry, in the
capital of a groat nation, where we are building
sumptuous palaces, and expending millions upon
millions in costly edifices and publicworks, hesi-
tate to spend a few dollars in maintaining peace,
order, and security, for life and property? I am
amazed at this class of objections. I, for one—I
say it unhesitatingly, and I would put it on the
yeas and nays, if you, sir, demanded them—I
would spread it on the wings of the wind all over
the country, that I, for one, ain willing to vote
half a million of dollars per annum, if necessary,
to make Washingtonadecorous, respectable, safe,
and secure city.
But, sir, with reference to this special point, I
: have alluded to some of the advantages of mounted
| men. The officers must be mounted in order to
! patrol the whole city and see that the men arc
i doing their duty; and some of the men must use
j horses in order to cover the extensive territory on
| the outskirts of the city, where very often fugi-
tives from justice arc lurking. But let me impress
upon the committee the importance of mounted
police where the force is small. The committee
have already, by adopting the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] cut
down the force to one altogether inadequate. In
Chaileston, with a population the same as that of
Washington, and infinitely more quiet and or-
derly, I am proud and happy to say, where mur-
ders and assassinations are utterly unknown, and
where no man in the dead of night has been struck
down by the ruffian arm of violence—with our
quiet and orderly population, we have one hun-
dred footmen and fifty mounted men, in addition
to eighteen sergeants, six lieutenants, two cap-
tains, and a chief, i think itabsolutely important
that with this diminished forcc we should mount
