THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4>
with specific performances of land ti-tles. Thatie
a power which we cannot recognize in that court.
Mr. POLK. The bill has passed the House
of Representatives.
Mr- STUART. I am aware of that. I do not
mean to oppose the bill; but I wish now to say
that I do not, and I trust the Senate will not, rec-
ognize any such jurisdiction as that m the Court
of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. The bill simply authorizes
these parties to have the land.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
RICHARD TARVIN.
The bill (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of the
heirs of Richard Tarvin, was considered as in
Committee of the "Whole.
It requires the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the heirs of Richard Farrin, alias Richard
Tarvin, who was a frtettdly Creek Indian in the
war of 1813 and 1814, the sum of $600, for losses
sustained by him during that war.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the reading of the
report, and it was read, as follows:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial ofNeal Smith, administrator of Richard Tar-
vin, deceased, praying indemnity for pioperty destroyed in
the Cre*;k war of 1833-14, ask leave to report:
Thai Richard Tarvin, alias Richard Farrin, was a friendly
Creek Indian m the war between the United States and his
tribe in ldl3-14, and sustained Joss by the depredations of
the hostiles to the extent of $600, as reported by General
D. B. Mitchell, the agent of the Federal Government; that,
by the treaty negotiated with the said Creek tube of fn-
dians,atthe clo^e of said war, the United States guarantied
indemnity to those Indians who had remained luendly to
our cause, for whatever property they bad lost during the
war by the common enemy. Claims were presented against
the Government for such looses, on the part of the friendly
Creeks, amounting, in the aggregate, to §195,417 90, all of
which has been provided lor and paid by Congiess. In
addition to the claims embiaeed in the above amount, a
supplemental abstract of claims was presented by Gen-
eral Mitchell in (avorofsix other Inendly Cieek Indians,
amounting, altogether, to $9,770. Among these latter claim-
ants is found the name of llichaid Fairin, alias Ilichaid
Tarvin ; and his damages were assessed at the sum of $600.
Of the half dozen claimants included in the haul supple-
mental abstract of General Mitchell, the sum of $.">,925 was
paid to Peter Randall, in an act parsed by theTlnity-Third
Congress. The claims of Arthur Sigeinond for $1,4*20, and
of John Siminance for $1,163, were provided tor in the In-
dian appropriation bill of last Congress.
Your committee can see no good reason why the claim
of the petitioner, Richard Tarvin, alias Richard Fuirin,
through liis legal representatives, shou d not also be liqui-
dated ; and thereioie they repoit a lull.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. This is the
third time that class of claims has been paid. The
Creek treaty was on the very basis of that bill by
which we paid them.
Mr. IVERSON. The objection of my colleague
passes the bill over, of course; but he is wholly
mistaken. This claim has never been settled.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 do not say the individual i
claim, but the class of claims.
Mr. 1VERSON. There were six cases that
were exceptional cases, and this is the sixth. All
the rest have been paid.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt they will all
want to be paid over ogam.
Mr. SEBASTIAN subsequently said: A bill
for Richard Tarvin's relief was passed over this
morning, on the objection of the Senator from
Georgia. I have since called his attention to the
facts, and he is satisfied with my explanation.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, road the third time,and passed.
BAUDOUIN AND ROBERTS.
The bill (Ii. R. No. 245) for the relief of A.
Baudouin and A. D. Roberts, was announced as
the next in order.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the sum of $2,000 to A. Baudouin and A. D. Rob-
ertson full compensation for the damages sustained
by them, arising from the sinking of a ilatboat of
ice, at New Orleans, by a steamboat in the service
of the United States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the readihg of the
report.
The Secretary read as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom were referred the pe-
tition and proofs of A. Baudoum and A.D. Roberts, of New
Orleans, was referred, report:
Th.tt the petitioners have, by proper proof, satisfied j'otir
committee that they were, on the 2ist day ot Maich, U!4G,
owners of a tiatbo'at of ice, containing two hundicd and
twenty tons, which boat, loaded with ice, had on that day
been towed down to the landingin the iiist municipality m
tire city of New Orleans, set apart to them by the wharfin-
ger ; that just before she was properly fastened to the wharf,
and whilst their boat was tied to another boat, the name of
which is not given in the proof, but declared by the petition-
ers to be the schooner Commerce, Captain Pierce, she was
mn into by the steamer Colonel Ilarney, then in the ser-
vice of the United States, and commanded by the officers
of the Government. The proof shows that the Colonel
Harney was under a heavy pressure of steam, and that the
act was apparently the result of gieat carelessness or wan-
tonly mischievous, whereby the petitioners lost the boat,
winch was sunk, and the ice, valued at $2,000; the proof
is that there were two hundred and twenty tons; and that
it was worth ten dollars per ton.
Suit was-brought in the United States district court, and
the evidence on file which makes this case was taken con-
tradictorily with the United States district attorney, and
woiild between individuals have given the plaintiffs a judg
ment foi $0,000, but the case was* dismissed upon an ex-
ception—which was that the Government could not be sued
—whereupon the parties appealed to Congress for redress;
and, on the 15th of December, 184G, this case was rcfcired
to the Committee of Claims, and referred to the same com-
mittee again on the 17th of December, A. D. 1847; that on
the 30th of March, 1848, a bill was reported to this House
for $*2,000, accompanied by a report from Mr. Rockwell,
which report and bill is herewith submitted ; that the report
and bill was refei red to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and recommended by the committee to
the House fonts passage, but was not reached. The papers
were again referred to the Committee of Chums on the 23d
day of January, 1850, and on the 13th day of February fol-
lowing a report was made from this committee by Mr. Nel-
son, with a bill for the relief of the parties, which report and
bill was refei red to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and reported back with a recommendation
that it do pass the House ; that the repoit of the committee
was not finally acted on. The bill went to the Speaker's
table, and was not reached. In view of all these tacts, the
committee lepoit back all the papers, with a bill for $2,000
for the lelief of the petitioner.
Mr. J. A. Rockwell, from the Committee of Claims, made
the following jeport .*
The Committee of Claims, to whom wa* referred the pe-
tition of A. Baudouin and A. D. Itobeits,of the city of New
Oilcans, report as follows:
The petitioner*, repi escnt,and prove to the satisfaction of
the committee, that on the 21st March, 1846, a flatboat,be-
longing to them, loaded with ice, while lying at the wharf
at the city ot New Oilcans, in pioper place, was stiuck by
the steamer Colonel Ilarney, which was coming up the
river under full steam ; that, by the force of the collision,
the bottom and side ot the Ilatboat were so broken and dis-
jointed that it commenced filling with vvatci so rapidly that
the cariro could not be. saved, and the boat and caigo *oon
sunk to the bottom of the river. The steamer was in the
service of the United States at the time, and under com-
mand of an officer of the United State?, and the act was
one of manifest negligence. Under the state of facts exist-
ing in this ca«e, as between individuals, there could be no
doubt of the right of the paity to claim the amount of dam-
ages sustained ; and the obligation of the Government is
the same. The steamer was libeled in the United States
court at Nmv Orleans by the petitioners, and most of the
testimony was taken in the presence of the United States
di>tuct attorney, who cioss-exannned the witnesses. The
Itbel was dismissed on the ground that the Government
could not be sued. The proofs, that the loss sustained by
the petitioners was $9,001); and for this sum the committee
lepoit a bill, and recommend its passage.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill. It in-
volves a very important principle.
The bill was passed over.
JAMES UUMPH.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 476)
for the relief of James Rumph.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to James Rumph the sum of #760, in full com-
pensation for medical aid rendered to soldiers in
the set vice of the United Slates in 1837.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to hear the report
in that ease.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state the facts. During
.the Creek war of !8tJp-7 there was a severe battle
between the troops of Alabama, under General
Wellborn, and the hostile Creek Indians, on the
banks of the Pedee river in that State, in which
many were killed and wounded on both sides.
There was a large number of wounded troops.
There was no medical attendant at all. They had
to send for Doctor Rumph a distance of sixty
miles, and he came and attended them for several
weeks, and this is his account for that service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FERDINAND O. MILLER.
The bill (H. R. No. 480) for the relief of Dr.
Ferdinand O. Miller was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It authorizes the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to audit and settle the account of
Dr. Ferdinand O. Miller, and allow him the pay
of an assistant surgeon m the Army, from the 6th
of July, 1846, to the 28th of February, 1847, for
his services as surgeon and assistant surgeon
duringthe late war with Mexico, deducting there-
from the amount paid him as a private soldier
during the same time.
The bill was repdrted to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DINAH MINIS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 481) for the relief of Dinah Minis.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Dinah Minis, or her legal representatives, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sums due on loan office certifi-
cates—No. 93, for $37 27§; No. 94, for $74 55~;
and No. 104, for $81 66; all dated August 19,1791,
and signed by Richard Wylly, commissioner of
loans—on the surrender of the original certificates
at the Treasury Department.
Mr. PUGH. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary proceeded and read part of the
report.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know that it is neces-
sary to read the report. 1 object to the considera-
tion of the bill. It appears to be a very old claim.
The bill was passed over.
LOOMIS L. LANGDON.
The Senate, os in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 570)
for the relief of Lieutenant Loomis L. Langdon.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to credit
the account of Second Lieutenant Loomis L.
Langdon, first artillery, United States Army,
with $1,176 66, being the amount stolen from his
possession at Fort Brown, on the night of the 23d
of Octobcr, 1857.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DAVID M'CLURE. #
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 571)
for the relief of David McClure, administrator of
Joseph McClure, deceased.
If directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to David McClure, administrator of Joseph Mc-
Clure, deceased, the sum of $107 64, it being the
amount of interest collected from McClure, in his
lifetime, on a judgment in favor of the United
States Government, which, it was afterwards
ascertained, he did not properly owe, and the
amount of which judgment has been previously
refunded to him by Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ROBERT A. DAVIDGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 575) for the relief of Robert A. Davidge.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Robert A. Davidge the sum of $118 90 in full
for his services as a temporary clerk in the office
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury from
March 26 to April 30, 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
GEORGE BIAYO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 290) for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Mayo, deceased.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the legal representatives of George Mayo, de-
ceased, late a clerk in the General Post Office De-
partment, the sum of $400, in consideration in
full of services performed by him, during six
months, as an extra clerk in that Department,
with the sanction and under the direction of one
of the Assistant Postmasters General.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move its indefinite post-
ponement. There is an adverse report in that
ease.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM HUTCHENSON*
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 254) for the relief of William Hutchen-
son.
It instructs the Secretary of War to pay to
William Hutchenson the sum of $150, in full
settlement of his claim for compensation for ser-
vices as a spy during the late war with Great
Britain.
