1658.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
the men to make them effective. Suppose disor-
der occurs at any single point: your mounted man
can spread the alarm at once, in five minutes, col-
lect together the foot men stationed at different
points, and hurry them to the scene ofaction. Sup-
pose afire breaks out: how can the alarm be spread
by any means so rapidly as by a mounted horse-
man, dashing off at once and communicating it?
I believe that if the committee adopt the amend- j
ment, in a few months' time this mounted force
will be regarded as the most valuable portion of
the whole system.
Mr. Se ward , by unanimous consent,withdrew
his amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Miles, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BISHOP. Is itm order to move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BISHOP. Well, I make that motion.
Mr. GROW. That motion is not in order, for
there is a rule which provides that no bill shall
be reported to the House while an amendment is
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The present incumbent
of the Chair is of the opinion, that under that rule,
and the resolution closing debate on this bill, the
motion to strike out the enacting clause is not in
order at this time. The 119th rule is as follows:
" A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
Imve precedence of a motion to amend; and,if carried,
shall be considered equivalent to its rejection."
The 13Gth rule is as follows:
" No standing rule or order of the House shall be rescinded
or changed without one daj's notice beinc given of the mo-
tion therefor; nor shall any rule be suspended, except by
a vote of at leas-t two thiids of the members present; nor
phall the order of business*, as established by the rules, be
postponed or changed, except by a vote of at iea*ttwo thirds
of the member®? present. The House may, at any time, by
a vote of a majoiity of the members present, suspend the
rules and orders for the purpose of going into the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union ; and also for
pioviding for the discharge of the Committee of the Whole
House, and the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of any bill le-
ferred to it, after acting without debate on all amendments
pending, and that majr be offered."
In the opinion of the Chair the motion to strike
out the enacting clause may be made; or rather,
it may be recommended to the House that the en-
acting clause be stricken out; but that question
does not come up in committee until the pending
amendments, and those which maybe offered, are
disposed of.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Do notthe words of the rule
imply that this motion may be entertained at any
time when a motion to amend would be enter-
tained?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not,
under the 136th rule, and the resolution closing
debate.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I would ask whether,
when an order was made in the Hnu.se to close
debate, it was not a nvre majority order, which
did not suspend anv other rule of the House than
those described in the ruie just read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was an order passed
by a majority; hut the 136th rule provides that
the committee, when debate is closed, shall vote
on such amendments as may be pending, or may
be offered. Then, the motion to strike out the
enacting clause not being an amendment, the
amendments must first be disposed of. The Chair
js aware that the committee, on former occasions,
have determined otherwise, but he never did think
that those decisions were right. If the committee
are dissatisfied with his present ruling they can
take an appeal, and he will cheerfully submit the
question for the decision of the committee itself.
Mr. BISHOP. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. GROW. I ask that the 127th rule be read.
The rule was read, as follows:
"127. rpnn biiN committed to a Committee of the Whole
Ilou^e, (he bill Mi ail be fiist re,id throughout by the Clerk,
and then asifun read and dr-bated by clauses, loavme the
preamble t>> be J.-vn considered; the body of the bill shall not
be defaced, or interlined ; but all amendments, noting the
pai<e and lni'1, Miall be duly entered by the Clerk on a sep-
arate pnpnr, as th* =mne shall be agieed to by the commit-
tee, and so spoiled to the House. After report,the bill
sluili again he huuject to ho dehard and amended by clauses,
befoiVa question t<> on^rof-s it be taken."
Mr. BOCOCK. Would not the Chair feel itself
at liberty to conform to the established usage? ^
The CUAU1MAN. While here, the Chair
will only conform to what he thinks is right.
Mr. BOCOCK. The Treasury note bill was
got out of committee by a motion to strike out the
enacting clause, and there the decision was in
favor of the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Con-
necticut moved to strike out the enacting clause.
The Chair decided that that motion was not m
order while an amendment was pending or pro-
posed to be offered. From that decision the gen-
tleman takes an appeal. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee r"
Mr. BISHOP. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike out
the first section, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That it shall be the duty of the marshal of the District
of Columbia to see to the preseivation of the peace and the
execution of the criminal lavv=? thereof; and to enable him
to perform said duty, he shall be. and i* hereby, authotized
to appoint three captains at $1,200 each, and sixty men at
$500 each, payable monthly out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, who shall obey all the law-
ful commands and regulations of said marshal: Provided,
That the laws now in force authorizing the appointment of
a police force who are appointed by the Mayor of the city
of Washington, and are paid by the United States, shall be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. Chairman, the committee will remember
that there is a police force now employed by the
Government here of some thirty men. These
men are appointed by the Mayor of this city, and
paid for out of the Federal Treasury, which is an
anomaly. Now, as we have a marshal for this
District, who in the system here is the peace offi-
cer, and universally recognized as such, I propose
that the appointment of these men shall be con-
ferred upon him; and that there shall be a force
of sixty men appointed by the marshal of the
District, who shall be paid the sum specified, and
who shall obey the orders of the marshal—it be-
ing his duty to enforce the criminal laws, and pre-
serve the peace of this District. 1 think if gen-
tlemen will give their attention to this substitute,
they will find that it covers the whole matter; that
it will answer every purpose contemplated by this
legislation, at any rate as an experiment, and that
it will fully secure the peace and good order of this
city. So believing, i have presented it. It is
simple in its form, distinct m its features. It
places the forceunder an officer known to the law,
whose special duty it is to preserve the peace and
execute the criminal laws of the city. The com-
mittee also will see that it is free from many of
the objections taken to the schemes heretofore pre-
sented; and therefore it ought, in my judgment,
to prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or-
der. It is, that the amendment, as 1 understand
it, proposes to strike out what has already been
adopted by the committee m the first section of
the hill, and for that reason it is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
to strike out any one of these amendments, as a
separate proposition; but it certainly is in order
to move to strike out any one of them including
some other part of the section, or to move to strike
out the whole of the first section, and to insert an
entire new section.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia by
striking out "five," and inserting "eight," so
that the annual compensation paid to the sixty
men provided for by this amendment shall be
$800 instead of $500.
The proposition of the gentleman from Virginia
is certainly designed to have the effect, if adopted,
of defeating the pending proposition of his col-
league. 1 regret, as I before remarked, that there
is a disposition manifested by the committee to
propose amendments which would not,if adopted,
increase the number of the friends of the bill. If,
however, the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia is to be adopted, the object of my amend-
ment is to give something like an adequate salary
for the discharge of the duties imposed upon these
men. You cannot possibly get a dozen men to
accept of the position at a salary of $500. You
could hardly find a respectable loafer in the city
of Washington—and I regret to say there are
many of them—who would be willing to accept a
position under the marshal at that salary. It we
want an efficient police, the salary should be suf-
ficient to induce respectable men to accept the po-
sition as a member of that police, i am sure the
gentleman from Virginia, upon reflection, will not
hesitate to agree with me that $500 will not be a
compensation sufficient to induce any respectable
man to accept of the position. It may be true that
there are a large number of persons here who are
unemployed. They are transient persons; and I
am sure if they are persons of family, and intend
to reside in the city, they cannot do so and live
upon $500 a year. A large part of the laboring
population of the city, I understand, are tenants;
and that sum would scarcely pay their house rent.
If the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is to be adopted, I want it amended. I con-
fess I am opposed to my own amendment, as
well as to the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia; and I hope they will both be rejected
by the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not understand
the force of the closing remark of the gentleman,
font indicates his hostility to any billon the sub-
ject.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am in favor of the bill
reported by the gentleman's colleague originally,
with an amendment which I designed to offer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. One word as to our
ability to procure competent men. The gentleman
says there are idle men here. Now, there are
plenty of them also in Arkansas, and perhaps
mischievously employed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will say that they are
to be found occasionally everywhere. Some are
to be found in my own State, but not so many
in proportion to population as are to be found
here.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There are a great
many border jails, which indicate that there are
many persons there who have nothing to do. But
be that, as it may, there are many men engaged
as watchmen around our public buildings who
get only $450 dollars a year, and there is no dif-
ficulty in the world in getting hale, hearty young
men, who will be willing to perform this duty, and
do it effectually, for$500 salary. I do not consider
an increase of price as a guarantee of efficient
service. The moment a man gets more money
than is necessary, he is apt to get into mischief.
I think, therefore, the gentleman's amendment
ought not to be adopted, for it is one mode of
breaking down this bill by making it too expen-
sive.
Mr. Greenwood, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia by increas-
ing the compensation to $600.
The gentleman says you employ young men in
the city of Washington at a salary of $450 a year.
Granted. But you cannot get any man who will
discharge the duties of his position faithfully, and
to the exclusion of everything else, for$450- Men
who hold these positions at $450 do not discharge
their duties. They combine that with other busi-
ness, and receive $450 in addition to what they can
make by devoting really their whole time to other
business. The only mode in which you can get
good men, who will discharge their duties, is by
paying them a salary which will command a high
grade of service. The Committee for the District
of Columbia, when they accepted the Senate bill,
and put the sum at $600, were satisfied that they
could not get sober and discreet men who would
give their attention to the duties of policemen at
less pay than that. It must strike the mind of
every gentleman of this committee that $600 is
certainly the lowest price at which you can obtain
the services of competent men, in a city like this,
where the expense of living is so great. I doubt
very much whether you will be able to get such
men at $600. As was well said by the gentleman
from Arkansas, if you reduce the pay, the char-
acter of the men employed will be such that they
will not discharge the duties imposed upon them.
You will find that your policemen will hang around
the grog-shops of Washington; and that they will
be taken from the purlieus of society The charge
now made against the present police, that they are
men who do not discharge their duties, will be
made against your auxiliary guard under this bill,
if the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
be adopted.
I hope the committee will not reduce the amount
below $600. Let it stand at that: fori am satis-
fied that the services of competent men cunnot be
obtained at a less sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
