1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
over his rights. There was no laches on his
part. The sitting member lias no reason to com-
plain of it. He was notified of what lie might
expect at an early day, and this is his answer to
that first notice:
Hamilton, Ohio, October 31, 3 856.
Sir: I received you r written communication touching that
li nigger business" some time alter it appealed in the '• nuze
papers."
No official information of my election to a seat in the
Thirty-Fifth Cong) ess of the United States lias- yet boon fur-
nished me. and you will pardon me for suggesting that ■pre-
Iiaps your deep anxiety on this subject has occasioned ■pre-
mature action.
In December next I shall probably receive, under the
"broad seal" of the State ot Ohio, a certificate that the
honor of representing the thud distuct in the next Congiess
has been conferred on me by the people. In that event
please observe that you and the corrupt minions of the
present condemned Admmisuation are not only invited but
dared to content my light to the seal. Should you or they
attempt to carry out your vaunted designs, I promise the
country a record of one of the most corrupt and chssracelul
outrages that has ever been peipctiated upon the American
ballot-box. LEWIS D. CAMPBELL.
Col. C. L. Vai.landioham.
Now, Mr. Speaker,when this contest was com-
menced we sec how the sitting member treated
it. He commences in the first place by saying
"1 have received your written communication
touching that4 nigger business.'" Sir, here is
the notice served upon him—courteous, a proper
notice in every respect. No such term is used in
it—no such language used in it. But the sitting
member, seeming to regard his rights as already
perfected, or being determined to deal in insulting,
or at least offensive language, couches his reply
in these words:
a i received youi viitten communication Touching that
i nigger business,' Mime time alter it appeared in the 4 nuze
papers.' "
He goes on to say—
u In that event, please observe that you and the corrupt
minions of the present condemned Administration, are not
only invited but duivd to contest my right to the heat."
Dared to contest his right! Did not this look
as.if he was icady even then, in October, 185G?
"You have begun too soon. Begin at the right
time. I dare you to do it!" Well, sir, the con-
testant abided his time, relying on the truth of his
cause when the time had expired, after the sitting
member had received his certificate in the month
of December, 1856. He then gave another notice,
which is couched in respectful, courteous, proper,
and legal language. That was on the 24th day
ofPeccmber, 1856. It was served on the 29th of
that month. The dare was now met. The law
allowed thirty days to the sitting member to an-
swer the notice given. It might have been sup-
posed, from the dare, that it would have been
promptly replied to. Ho took twenty-one out of
the thirty days to write his answer. It was
served on the 27th January, 1857, jnst in time;
the contestant went on and took his testimony
under the law; he served his notice under the law;
he had his commission issued under the law; he
had his witnesses examined under the law; it was
closed up under the law; it was sent to the Clerk
under the law; he stood upon the law of tile case,
as he stood upon the right of it from the begin-
ning; what he was dared to do he did do, and ac-
cording to law throughout.
Now, what was the course of the sitting mem-
ber? If he had such awful disclosures to make,
why did he not accept the first notice? Why
delay? But more than this. Why did he delay
so long in replying to the second notice ? Was it
not to stave oft' the investigation ? Again: when
notice of the time and place of taking the testi-
mony was sent him by a friend of the contestant,
the sitting member then m Congress refuses to
accept it. Here is the proof of his refusal before
this House. He would neither accept service nor
allow notice to be served upon him; at least he
evaded it two or three different times. Now he
complains that he did not have notice because
it was left with a colored woman at his house in
Ohio. When she poitively refused to accept
notice here, when Mr. Crane could not run him
down, he now complains that he did not get
personal notice. Well, the law declared that the
notice should be served personally or left at his
usual place ofabode. The contestant did leave it
there. He complied with the law, buthe did more;
he went and served his attorney personally with
a copy, and he was represented by an attorney at
the examination of witnesses at both places—one
at Hamilton and one at Dayton—different attor-
neys, but one at each place.
I now aslc if the contestant has not pursued his
rights legally, and if any advantage was taken?
£>oes the bare fact that Mr. Campbell was a mem-
ber of Congress excuse him from his own laches
if he had any testimony to take? I say "no." Is
not he a member of* Congress sitting here at this
time ? Wouldnot the same plea excuse him now
as before ? He is a member of the same commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Sir, the question is one
of diligence—whether there was not such laches
upon his part if he had any more testimony to
take as should now preclude him from asking fur-
ther indulgence by the House ?
It appears to me that the contestant has done
his duty; pursued his rights properly; and that, in
every step, the sitting member has shown nothing
like diligence or a desire to forward this investi-
gation which he courted. Delay has been his
course all the time. He did take some testimony
in the latter part of March; but he could have
taken it every day from the 27th of January to the
28th of March if he had been inclined to do it, or
if he had had any to take. I say it was due to
him, due to the House, and due to his constit-
uents, that he should have done it. I say, when
the gentleman used this language— j
" Should you or they attempt to carry out your vaunted
de-ign^, I piomisc the country a lecord of one of the most
corrupt and disgraceful outiages that has ever been perpe-
trated upon the American ballot box' —
he should have made the attempt at least to re-
deem his promise; he had the opportunity offered
to him. What were those outrages? Twelve
months have rolled around; he has failed to show
them, and now he asks for time. When Con-
gress met in December he failed to ask for time.
He failed to ask for time when the testimony was
printed. This was before the recess, for I got a
copy of this testimony before the recess; not i;
only that, but it is here almost the middle of the H
Congress to which he claims to have been elected, j]
counting back to the beginning of the congres- j
sional term, more than twelve months since he i
was served with notice of contest, and having
failed up to this time to expose these great out- :
rages upon the ballot-box, he now comes and
asks for more time?
Why, sir, after the contestant has pursued his
rights, got his evidence,returned if to the Clerk's
office, and printed, and the committee arc about
to repoit, when a long argument upon the merits
of the case by an attorney of the sitting member
has been heard before the committee, he comes
in and asks this House to allow him further time.
It seems, sir, that that pledge can never be re-
deemed; these outrages upon the ballot-box al-
leged by him to have been committed, can never
be established. In my judgment, under all these
circumstances, it is due to the contestant here,
due to the people of the third congressional dis-
trict of Ohio, that no longer time should be given.
I ask the gentleman who said he intended to argue
this case as a judge, or, rather, to take such a
view as a judge would take of the case, whether
he would grant a party litigant in his court a con-
tinuance in a cause upon such a showing as this?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have in-
dicated to the gentleman that I would.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
did not take the view! have presented—he did
not go into this record.'
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes, sir, I
did. 1 did not allude to the nuze letter because I
did not think that was to the merits of the case.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think that let-
ter does go to the merits of the case, for it shows
the tone and temper with which this contest was
first met. It shows, too, Mr. Speaker, that the
sitting member was not taken by surprise, ft
shows what he threatened, and that if ho had the
testimony which he now asks us to letliim have
an opportunity to exhibit, he would have pro-
duced it before this.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think, if
the gentleman takes that ground, the opportunity
denied and asked for by the sitting member ought
to be afforded to him.
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am of the
belief, from all the facts, that ho can produce no
such testimony. He has had his day in court,
and he failed to produce it; and, sir, it is due to
the constituency whose Representative he alleges !
he is, that this House of Representatives shall
put its condemnation upon that threat.
Having closely scrutinized this case, I think
this House should decide it at once and give no
further time. If there has been any laches, it has
been on the other side. I consider this nothing
but the most groundless pretext for delay; for de-
lay and nothing else. The sitting member has
not presented the names of his witnesses, nor has
he stated what it is that he expects to prove by
them. He merely alleges that he verily believes
that he can establish such and such things. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] ar-
gued as if the sitting member had alleged, in his
motion for further time, that he could prove that
more negro votes had been cast for the contest-
ant than for himself—three to one, 1 believe.
Now, sir, he alleges no such thing; his exhioifc
only refers to two, and one of these the affidavit
I have shows to be wholly unfounded. He makes
no statement of facts whatever that he expects to
be able to prove; he simply says he verily be-
lieves that he can prove that he was fairly and
legally elected if we would give him more time.
And what is the force of this? Now let us see
who says this—who is the party in court, if you
please. Who says that? WHy, it is the same
party who said at firfc.tr
" Please observe that you and the corrupt minions of the
present condemned Administration are not only invited but?
dared to content my right to the seat. Should you or they
attempt to carry out your vaunted designs, I promise the
country a recotd o! one o( the most coriupt and disgraceful
outrages that has ever been perpetrated upon the American
ballot-box.''
There is the promise made, and nothing has
boon done with that promise. Pie utterly failed
to comply with his promise. He says now that
he <£ verily believes" lie can prove so and so, but
he does not say by whom or when. I say that
he has had time enough/ Pie has had his day in
court, and this is nothing but a pretext for delay;
the outiagcous frauds have dwindled down to a
belief that he can prove that he was duly elected.
There are one or two other points, Mr. Speaker,
to which I wish barely to allude. Reference has
been made to the fact, that after the sixty days
had expired, the returned member made a prop-
osition to the contestant that they should take
further testimony; and an argument has been
made upon that statement of fact, prejudicial to
the contestant. Now, I ask to have read the re-
ply of the contestant to that proposition. But,
before it is read, I will state to the House that
this was the reply made by the contestant before
the Committee of Elections:
(C As to the proposition of April, 1857, by the returned
member, to take further evidence by agreement, f shall refer
to that herealter, and supply the answer by me returned to
it, but which he has omitted."
Now, I ask the Clerk to read the reply the con-
testant made to Mr. Campbell's proposition last
year.
The Clerk read, as follows:
aBut, like youiself, I deprecate delay and suspense:
equally with you, I desue to save all co<t to the Govern-
ment : and above all, I have a very high regard * forthctruo
pnneiples of popular sovereignty.' Your proposition would
tie a t,ur one, and instantly and willingly accepted, vv^re
there not a fairer and better course for both, aud for all con-
cerned.
" Wherefore, to avoid all suspense and delay, and the ex-
ceeding annoyance and irritation of a contest; to save all
cost a^ well to ouiselves as to the Government; to relieve
Congress from an unpleasant duty winch may devolve upon
it; but e peoially by ascending to the fountain-head—-the
people—to cany out the true principles of popular sover-
emnty, and obtain a full and clear expression of the public
will, tree trout doubl, so that the true majority may {.'overn,
I hereby propose to waive all advantages, as well substan-
tial as technical, and at such lime as the Governor ol the
State may appoint, or, if you prefer, upon the second Tu,**
day of October next, submit again the question to the people
of this district for their final decision.
'•To this proposition t shall await your replv. Should
vou decline, Congress must decide between us upon the law
and the testimony. C. L. VAX<LANf>IGlIAM.
"Lewis D. Campbell, Esq., Hamilton, Ohio."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That was the
reply of the contestant to the proposition of the
sitting member to take farther testimony. He
told him he would go before the people. He was
willing to go before the people and let them decide
the question. Why did not the sitting member
accept that offer ? Gentlemen upon the other side
of the House say that it wfts unfair in the con-
testant not to accept the sitting member's propo-
sition to do away with all they had done legally,
