1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
ary war and the commencement of the war of
1812.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we might
as well include this. I therefore propose the fol-
lowing amendment:
Also, the same information as to those engaged in any of
the Indian wars, from the close of the revolutionary war to
the commencement of the war of 1812.
Mr. MASON. This and the other committees
liave clerks. It is the duty of these clerks to pre-
pare such information as is necessary for the
.action of their committees; but most of them, I
observe, are used merely as messengers to go to
the Departments, and to pile up labor on the reg-
ular clerks of the House. They are mere sine-
cures. They do not discharge the duties which
properly devolve upon them. Such resolutions
as this only relieve these clerks of what are their
proper duties. They act now merely as messen-
gers to go to the Departments for information
which they should compile themselves.
Mr. QUITMAN. I can reply to the gentle-
man from Kentucky in a single word. The in-
formation called for at the suggestion of the Mili-
tary Committee is for the consideration not only
of the committee alone, but for all the members
of the House. And I would remind him that it
would be very indecorous for a committee of this
House to send a clerk to the President for official
information without the authority of the House.
It might require weeks to obtain the information
in the manner suggested by thegentleman, which
could be obtained of the President promptly, if
respectfully called on by the House for it. This
is information for the benefit of every member of
the House, as well as of the members of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MASON. Certainly that reason may be
very good for those who are disposed to throw
the responsibility upon the House. Cut I would
remind iny honorable friend from Mississippi,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, that I, and, I believe, most-of the members
of the House, depend on the information furnished
by the regular standing committees of the House
with almost as much certainty as if it came from
the President himself. They can obtain all this in-
formation from the records, through their clerks,
and then they would have something to do for
their clerks. But, sir, the custom has become too
common for this House to call on the Depart-
ments for information which subjects the De-
partments to immense labor, when the informa-
tion could as well be obtained by the committees
of the House, through their clerks.
Now, sir, if the gentleman wants to make a big
showing—if gentlemen in this House who are
opposi d to this pension bill want to make a big
showing—they can pile up these soldiers; they
can magnify them to any extent which they think
proper.
Mr. COBB. I wish to inquire if the resolution
has been received, and is before the House?
The SPEAKER. It has been received.
Mr. MASON. I haveno disposition to detain
the House longer in reference to this matter; but
I think the resolution is entirely unnecessary.
There aiea dozen clerks of committees, any one of
whom has leisure enough to obtain nil the mfoi m-
ation required by the committees of the House.
I have some knowledge about the action of some
of these committee clerks. I know, and the clerks
of the House know, that these clerks of commit-
tees, instead of discharging their legitimate duties,
go to the clerics of the House and require them to
make long reports, while, perhaps, they are en-
gaged in impoitant duties. They impose upon the
regular clerks of the House immense labors which
it is the duty of the clerks of committees to perform
themselves. Under the course now pursued, the
places of these committee clerks are mere sine-
ctues; they have nothing to do but to frank the doc-
uments and conduct the correspondence of mem-
bers of the committees. If they will discharge the
duties properly appertaining to them, they would
be worth something.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I see no cause for
detaining the House in reference to this matter. I
can assure my friend from Kentucky that this in-
formal ion can be obtained with very little labor.
My opinion is that most of it has already been
presented. If it has not, it should come before
the House in official form. It would be of no
value obtained in the manner which the gentle-
man proposes. I think the House is ready for
the question, and I hope no more time will be
consumed.
Mr. MASON. I am opposed to consuming the
time of the House on this theme; avid it is to pre-
vent the consumption of the time of the House
that I oppose this class of resolutions. I vote
against these resolutions all the time. They de-
volve an immense deal of labor upon the Depart-
ments to obtain information which the committees
could very well obtain themselves. They have
clerks appointed for this especial purpose. Much
time is consumed by having these resolutions of
inquiry constantly presented to the House. The
committees report resolutions requiring immense-
ly long reports from the Departments, and im-
mensely long reports from the clerks of the House.
They make a showing that they are very labo-
riously engaged in their investigations of public
questions, when, in fact, they are devolving all
their labox-s upon others; and when, in fact, the
immense amountof public business transacted by
them is really done through the labors of others. I
object to this system of blocking up the business
of the House by these resolutions. It is a very
plain case who are opposed to the appeal of your
masters and mine. You never saw a man who
was opposed to the soldiers of the war of 181 shav-
ing pensions. You, sir, never saw, among your
citizens at home, a man opposed to it. It is very
well for these gentlemen to undertake to show that
this bill will saddle an immense expense on the
country, and hold it up as a scarecrow to frighten
members from their proprieties.
Mr. HARRIS, of illinois. I raise the question
of order, that the gentleman is not confining his
remarks to the resolution before the House, by
discussing the propriety of passing pension laws
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the re-
marks of the gentleman are not pertinent to the
question before the House.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, I was only applying
them to all this class of resolutions. I object to
that resolution.
Mr. GROW. I call the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. GIUITMAN. I permitted the amendment
of my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones;] but
I wish that there should be a distinction made be-
tween those who served in the Indian wars and
those who served prior to those wars. I hope
the resolution will make that distinction.
Mr. MASON. I objected to that resolution.
How did it come before the House by unanimous
consent ?
The SPEAKER. It had been received before
the gentleman from Kentucky commenced. The
Chair asked the question if there was objection,
and no objection was made.
Mr. QUITMAN. I introduced that resolution
as a report from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and I suppose I have the right to say a few
words upon the subject. I do not wish to con-
II sume the time of the House, but 
!| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
,'| quire if debate is in order after the previous ques-
:j tion has been ordered ? I did not undeistand that
ji this resolution was introduced as a report from a
!! committee
!j The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Mississippi to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 did not so
undeistand it.
Mr. SEWARD. How could it be the report
of a committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not informed.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish to make a point of
order. I did not understand the gentleman from
Mississippi as introducing this resolution as a re-
port from a committee. If lie did not, debate is
not in order.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would inform the gentle-
man that I expressly stated that I introduced it
as a lepoit from a committee.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I am satisfied.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Had I under-
stood that, I should not have yielded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood it
at the time, and asked if there was any objection.
He heard none. The Chair thinks the gentleman
from Mississippi is entitled to an hour.
Mr. QUITMAN. I will not consume as much
time as the gentlemen have in objecting. 1 wish
the House to understand that the information
called for by this resolution will not cover one
sheet of paper; and therefore all this cry about
laborand expense is all imaginary. Itsimply calls
for the numbers, not the names, of these persons.
This is all I wish to say.
The amendment was then agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. QUITMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department, containing a statement of the
clerks and other persons, employed in the Post
Office Department for the yearending January 30,
1857; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment containing a statement of the expenses of
the national armories; which was laid upon the
tfible, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Post Office De-
partment, transmitting a detailed statement of the
expenditure of the contingent fund of the Post Of-
fice Department; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
OIIIO CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER. Upon the pending question—
the Ohio contested-election case—the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. GILMER. Before my friend from Maine
proceeds, I ask him to yield me the floor, as an act
of courtesy, that I may reply to a question which
was put to the minority of the committee in the
debate yesterday, as I apprehend, with somewhat
too much warmth and confidence. The minority
of the committee were called upon individually,
by name, and with an air of defiance which might
have produced the impression that there was not
one particle of testimony before the committee
upon which the minority could have reported that
both parties acted upon the presumption that one
could not proceed to take testimony during the
sixty days that the other party was proceeding
under his commission. Although I makenocharge
of a want of courtesy, I think my friend from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] will consider, after having
put the question, and particularly after calling the
names of the minority individually, he should not
have declined to yield at least a portion of his time
to have pointed out to him and to this House the
grounds upon which the assertions in that report
were based. I say I complain of no discourtesy,
for, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say, speaking of
my brethren upon that committee, leaving myself
out of the question, that I have never been asso-
ciated with a set of gentlemen who seemed to me
more fair-minded, more willing to hear and to be
heard, to have their opinions canvassed, and more
patient, even under contradiction, than the gentle-
men upon that committee. My brethren upon
that committee will do the minority the justice to
say to the House, that, differing with the majority
of the committee, our report was drawn up and
submitted in full meeting, and read over to the
majority. It was not then intimated that there
was any question of fact relied upon in that mi-
nority report which was not well founded; for, if
it had been, that minority, I may say, would have
yielded to any suggestion made by the majority
In that regard, and have allowed it to be corrected;
as a matter of fact. I understood it to be the sense
of the whole committee, that in that fact we did
concur; that, taking the whole ease together, it was
apparent to ud that they had acted under that view
of the law; and I believe (with great deference,
however, to the legal opinion of the gentleman
from Kentucky) that we gave a correct opinion
upon a fair construction of that statute.
I desire to point out, in the answer of Mr.Val-
landigham, what is a perfect refutation of the pre-
tense that he did not so understand it. After all
the air of triumph of my friend from Georgia,
what does that evidence prove ? I invite the at-
