1858.
TJJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2701
The petitioner row states that the disease has |
continued to this time, and renders him unable to j
perform any labor. He presents the affidavits of j
two physicians, who are certified to be reputable i
in their profession, who state that he is not only \
still disabled, bat, in consequence, is disabled to j
a degree amounting to a total disability.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN DUNCAN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 366) for the
relief of John Duncan.
It requires the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the list of Navy pensioners, at the rate of
sixteen dollars per month, the name of John Dun-
can, who was a landsman in the United States
Navy on board the United States ship-of-war
Brandy wine, and who has become totally blind in
consequence of disease contracted and injuries re- i
ceived by him while in the line of his duty in the ;
service of the United States; the pension to com-
mence on 1st of December, 1855, and continue
during his natural life; but it is not to be paid if he
remains a beneficiary in the United States naval
asylum.
The bill was reported, with an amendment to
strike out " sixteen dollars," and insert " eight
dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred in; and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
EBENEZER HITCHCOCK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (FT.
R. No. 532) for the relief of Ebenezer Hitchcock,
which had been reported adversely by the Com- i
mittee on Pensions. *
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to placc
the name of Ebenezer Hitchcock, of Massachu-
setts, on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, and to cause him to be
paid at that rale fiom the 1st of February, IS58,
during his natural life.
Mr. CLAY. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ALLEN SMITH.
The bill (H. R. No. 534) for the relief of Allen
Smith, was next considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
It requests the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Allen Smith, of New Hampshire,
upon the invalid pension list, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 21st of j
January, 1858, and continue during his natural |
life. ;
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to ;
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLAY. I move to reconsider that vote.
I ask for the reading of the report.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and I
the question recuired on the passage of the bill, j
Mr. CLAY. Read the report. 1
The Secretary read it; and it appears from the
affidavit of the petitioner, (and his statement is |
corroborated by the certificate of the Adjutant |
General,) that he enlisted in the company of Cap- :
tain Weeks, eleventh regiment of United States |
infantry, on the 20th May, 1812, for five years, j
and served the full petiod of his enlistment, and !
was honorably discharged. It further appears ;
from his statement that he was transferred to the j
recruiting service, being a drummer, and was or- j
dered from place to | lace; that whilst stationed at !
PIattsbur:r, New Yoi k, he had an attack of mea- ;
sles, and before he had entirely recoveied, was or- :
dered to Champlain. ;n the same State, and whilst
there, and in feeble health, lie was obliged to en- ,
camp in the woods, without covering, exposed to ,
the cold, wet and snow, which produced sickneps, i
and from the effects of which he has never recov- ;
ered; but, on the contrary, he has grown worse,
until he now wholly incapable of supporting
himself, and that his present disabled condition is
owmc; to disease contracted whilst in the discharge
of his duty as a soldier. Two or three respecta-
ble physicians fully confirm his statement as re- 1
gards his present disability, and give it as their ;
opinion that it is m consequence of exposure to
the inclemency of the weather. It also appears
from the affidavit of the officer who enlisted the
petitioner,(Gould,)and whoserved with him dur-
ing the whole five years, and also by that of Lieu-
tenantStephenson,whoBlsoserved with him, that
he was, at the time of entering the service, a strong,
able-bodied man,"and that his present disability
is the result of an incurable disease, contracted
whilst in the Army, and in the discharge of his
duty.
Mr. CLAY". That case is obnoxious to the
common objection which I make to all these cases.
When they fail to make the proof required at the
Pension bureau, they come before Congress; and
sometimes by sympathy, and sometimes from the
importunities of friends of these parties, their bills
are passed, while others, equally meritorious, are
rejected. I object to it.
The bill was passed over.
MARY BAINBRIDGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 221) for the relief of Mary Bainbridge.
It directs the name of Mary Bain bridge, of Mas-
sachusetts, to be placed upon the pension list of
the United Slates; and the Secretary of the Inte-
lior is to pay, or cause to be paid, to her the sum
of thirty dollars per month, commcncing on the
1st of June, 1857, and to continue during her nat-
ural life.
Mr. PUGH. Read the report.
Mr. CLAY. I can state in a word the charac-
ter of the bill, and the point in issue. I will state
here that I oppose all these claims, but I am but
one in the committee. Her husband did not die
m scrvice, and theiefore it does not come within
the general law; but this bill proposes to pension
her.
Mr. PUGH. The report will explain the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is of 110 use to read the j
report, if the bill is objected to. !
Mr. CLAY. I understand the Senator from !
Georgia to object to it. j
Mr. FOSTER. I think, if the report was read, j
the bill would not be objected to. j
Mr. TOOMBS. I object. I
The bill was passed over.
ZINA WILLIAMS. I
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 239) for the relief of Zma Williams.
It dnects the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Zina Williams, of New York, upon
the invalid pension list, at the rate of eight duiiars
per month, commencing on the 4th of December,
18.55, to continue during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report. j
The Secretary read it; and it appears that the j
petitioner was called into the service in the war j
of 1812, in September, 1814, from Montgomery i
county, New York,and matched to Saekett'sHar- j
bor, m New York, where he was on duty, without j
shelter, sleeping (if at all) upon the ground; sick- j
ness prevailed in camp, and on the 1st of October,
1814, he was taken sick of the prevailing camp .
disease, and was sent to the hospital, where he :
was attended by tv>o surgeons; his sickness set- ;
tied into a fever; his friends sent for him, with I
difficulty carried him home on a bed; he was con- ;
fined to his bed eighteen months, the fever con- |
cenlraung in his left hip, causing great pain and !
contraction of the muscles, resulting in almost the .
entire loss of the use of the left leg; the disability i
continuing from that time to the present, and of j
a nature mcuiable; that he is a faimer, a sober, |
temperate, prudent man, and is clear from any 1
chaigeof imprudence or exposure as the cause of
the continuation of his disability.
Mr. TOO?,'IBS. I object. !
The bill was passed over.
SAMUEL GOODRICH.
The bill (H. R.No.^29) for the relief of Sam- |
uel Goodiich, jr., was announced as next in ;
order. !
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to pbee
the name of Samuel Goodrich, jr., of New York,
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and to pay 1
htm a pension, at the rate of eight dollars per i
month, during his natuial life, to commence on '
the 1st of January,1856.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the report be read. ;
The Secretary read it; and it appears that in
Sememboi, 1811, the petitioner enteiud the service
of'the United States in the muuiu, in Oswego t
county, New York, and marched to Sackeu's i
Harbor, New York; there in camp he was ex-
posed to the hardships of a soldier; destitute of
barracks, exposed to the wet, sleeping on the wet
ground, he was seized with the prevailing camp
distemper, which soon became a bilious fever and
inflammatory rheumatism, which caused theform-
ation of many tumors upon his body and limbs,
that were often lanced, resulting, finally, in the
formation of an abscess on the left hip, injuring the
hip-joint, contracting of the muscles, shortening
of the left leg, making it almost useless, attended
with extreme pain; on reaching home he was con-
fined to his bed or room one year and a half, and
since that day he has continued a cripple, unable
to perform hard labor, with a diseased hip, incu-
rable, and without hope of improvement,
Mr. TOOMBS. I object. I know no reason
why he could not get a pension at the Pension
Office.
Mr. CLAY. Because he cannot make proof
to satisfy the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. TOOMBS. So I thought.
Mr. CLAY. But it requires a much less amount
of proof to satisfy Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. It does not require any proof
hero.
The bill was passed over.
SILAS STEVENS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (PI.
R. No. 459) granting an invalid pension to Silas
Stevens, of Virginia.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Silas Stevens, of Virginia, on the
invalid pension roll, and pay him a pension, at
the rate of four dollars a month, from the 1st of
February, 1858, during his natural life.
Mr. PUGH. I do not think it worth while to
go through with these cases, as we are satisfied
all this class? of pension bills will be objected to.
If the rest aie objected to, I think they ought all
to stand together.
The bill was passed over.
STEPHEN "BUNNELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 224) for the relief of Stephen Bunnell.
It provides that the name of Stephen Bunnell,
of Indiana, a sergeant major of the war of 1812,
be placed upon the list of pensioners of the United
States, for and dunn^ his natural life, at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month, to commence from
and after the 1st of January, 1855.
Mr. CLAY. I object to it.
The bill was passed over.
THERESA DARDENNE.
The bill (8. No. 434) for the relief of Theresa
Dardenne, widow of Abraham Dardenne, de-
ceased, and their children, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that Theresa Dardenne, widow of
Abraham Dardenne, or, in case of her decease,
any one of her children by A brahamJQardenne, de-
ceased, be allowed to enter, in legaTsubdivisions,
at any land office m Aikansas, free of cost, the
quantity of six bundled and forty acres of unap-
propriated land belonging to the United States,
and subject to private entry, as an indemnifica-
tion for losses sustained on account of an errone-
ous sale of land by the land officers at Little Rock,
Arkansas, on the 20th of January, 1836. *
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I will state
that this case has passed unanimously every com-
mittee it has been before, and it has passed the
Senate heretofore, but never passed the House. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN DONNELSON AND OTHERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (8. No. 54) to revive
and extend an act entitled 44 An act for the relief
of the representatives of John Donnelson, Ste-
phen Heard, and others," approved May 24,
1824, and the several acts extending, continuing,
and reviving the same.
The original bill proposed to revive and extend
the provisions of the act approved May 24,1824,
entitled '' An act for the relief of the representa-
tives of John Donnelson, Stephen Heard, and
others, and the several acts extending and reviv-
ing the same," to the representatives of John
