1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
and no ballot shall be counted that contains more than one
name ; and the two persons having the highest number of
votes shall be declared elected, and shall hold their office
for two years from the day of their election; and the said
four commissioners of police shall constitute a boaid, to any
act or resolution whereof ihe av*ent of three of said board,
entered oil itr> minutes m witting, shall be necessary; and
said board is hereby invested with power to appoint and re-
move, at their pleasure, the police force hereinafter provided
for, and also to appoint and remove, at their pleasure, such
police force as now exists undei the authority of the boards
of the City Council, or may be hereafter established; and
the said board shall make rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment of all the said police authorized by this act or by
the said boards of the said City Councils.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That there be estab-
lished a pohcejorce for the protection of public and private
property, and for the cnfoicement of the police regulations
of the oily of Washington, to consist of a chief at an annual
salary of $2,01)0, one captain at an annual salary of $1,200,
four lieutenants at an annual salary of $800 each, and one
hundred men at an annual salary of $600 each, to be paid
monthly.
Seo. 3. And he it further enacted, That the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient size; and the chiefis authorized and empowered to
establish guard-houses at such points in the city of Washing-
ton as he may designate, subject, however, to the approval
of the commissioners aforesaid.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That there shall be paid
to each commissioner chosen and serving under this act an
annual salary of $1,000.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the sum of $5,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated annually asacon-
tingent fund, to be expended under the direction of the com-
missioners of police, to carry out the purposes of this act in
the suppression of crime and detection of criminals in the
city of Washington.
Sec. 6. Jind he it further enacted, That each member of
the guard shall be required to wear a uniform dress at all
hours when on duty, and on Ins hat, or cap, or breast, such
number as may be assigned him. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at all times, day and night, shall wear an official
badge; and said uniforms, badges, and numbers, hereby
required to be worn, shall also be prescribed by the chief,
and shall be made public m the newspapers m Washington
for one month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter
be changed.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That the sum of §75,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary to carry this act
into effect, be, and the same is hereby.appropriated, outof
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sac. 8. And he it further enacted, That each member of
the police lorce, before entering upon the discharge of his
duty, shall take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and faithfully
and impartially dischaige his duties as such.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted. That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, authorizing or relatt ng to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch or guard, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. MILLSON. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Now York shall be voted down, will
not the question then be before the House on the
Senate bill,and cannotaseparatevotebehadupon
all the amendments agreed to by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. If the proposition of the
gentleman from New York shall be adopted in
lieu of the bill, the effect will be to cut off all the
amendments which the committee have adopted
to the Senate bill, and the Senate bill will be re-
ported to the House with but one amendment—
the substitute of the gentleman from New York.
If the substitute of the gentleman from New York
shall be voted down, then the bill will be xeported
to the House with the amendments adopted by
the committee, and in the House there can be a
separate vote upon each of those amendments, as
the Chair understands the rules and practice of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on Mr. Dodd's proposition.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barksdale
and Chaffee were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76, noes 59.
So the substitute was adopted.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly an act (S. No. 232) to es-
tablish an auxiliary guard for the protection of
public and private property in the city of Wash-
ington, and repealing all acts heretofore passed in
relation to that subject; and had directed him to
report th * same back to the House with an amend-
ment, and with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BURNETT. ( call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that'
the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Petton and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 79.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Pending the previous ques-
tion, the motion that there be a call of the House
is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 7G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, AhJ, Atkms, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocock. Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Burnett, John B.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cockerill, Comms, Corning, Curry, Dean, Dodd, Dowdcll,
Edmundson, Elliott, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hoard, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Leidy, Leiter,
Letcher, Maclay, McQucen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
Maynara, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan, Niblack,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Quitman, Reiily, Ruffin, San-
didge, Scales, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Singleton, Stallvvorth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Tal-
bot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Warren,
Watkm?, White, Whiteley, Winslow, Wortendyke, and
Zulhcoffcr—So.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Rillinghurst, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Bray ton, Buffmton, Burhncarne, Burroughs,
; Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, Claw&on, Colfax, Co-
; vode. Cox, Cragin, Davis of Maiyland, Davis of Indiana,
j Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Jowa, Dawes Durtee,
! Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gooch, Goodwin,
; Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
' Thomas L. Harris, Hill, Howard, Kilgorc, Knopp, Love-
joy, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N". Moriis. Free-
man II Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn. Palmer, Park-
er, Petut, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Itieaud, Robbins, Roberts,
Roycc, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman. Judson W. Sherman,
Spinner, Stanton,Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,'
Tnppe, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Elliiiu B. VVash-
bume, Israel Washburn, ami Wilson—70.
! So the motion was agreed to
; Pending the call of the roll,
| Mr. GOODE stated that Mr. Edie had paired
i off with Mr. Phillips.
! Mr. CLAY stated that Mr. Faulkner had
S paired off with Mr. Curtis.
j Mr. LETCHER stated that Mr. Hopkins had
j been confined to lus room for several days by
j sickness.
j Mr. HARLAN stated that Mr. Kelsey was
i confined to his room by sickness,
i Mr. NICHOLS stated that Mr. Ivukele, of
Maryland, had paired off with Mr. Horto\t.
Mr. JACKSON stated that Mr. Lamar was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. SHAW stated that Mr. Marshall, of
Illinois, had paired off with Mr. Powell; also,
that Mr. Smith, of Illinois, had paired off with
Mr. Lamar.
Mr. PALMER stated that Mr. Mor.se, of ;
New York, had paired off with Mr. Ward. !
Mr. HOWARD stated that Mr. Stewart, of !
i Pennsylvania, had paired off with Mr. Gili.is. !
! The House accordingly (at four o'clock and 1
! forty minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 20, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. George D. Cummin's, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONSTITUTION OF DESERET.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a let-
ter of the Delegate of the Territory of Utah, in
; Congress, accompanied by a memorial of dele-
gates to the convention which assembled at Great
Salt Lako City, and adopted a constitution with
a view to the admission of Utah into the Union as
a State, together with a copy of that constitution.
Mr. JONES. I move to refer that communi-
cation to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD. Lotus hear the paper read.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Washington City, April 19,18.13.
Sir: May I respectfully request \ou to prevent to the Sen-
ate the constitution and memorial herewith inclosed-
I am, with Iiigh respect, your obedient -ervaut,
JOI1N M. BLUNH.'dUL,
Delegate from. Vlah,
lien. Benjamin Fitzpatrick,
President pro tempore of the Senate,
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the communication
will be laid on the table, so that we may have an
opportunity to see it, and that it will not be re-
ferred at the present moment.
Mr. HALE. Let it be printed.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that it be laid on the
table and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator include in his motion the printing oi' the con-
stitution and memorial?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suppose the motion to print
will go to the Committee on Printing;.
Mr. HALE. Being a communication from a
Territory, it stands on the same footing as a com-
munication from the Legislature of a State, does
it not ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the im-
pression of the Chair. Any communication from
a Territorial Legislature or State Legislature, Hie
Senate can order to be printed at once.
The motion to print was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the petition of S. Gilbert
and others, praying that a grant of land may he
made to aid in the construction of a ship canal
around the Palls of Niagara; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hold in my hand a me-
morial from the grand jury for Washington coun-
ty, in the District of Columbia, and another signed
by numerous members of the bar of the District,
stating that they had heard with surprise and deep
regret that a petition was m circulation and being
signed, asking of Congress such action as may
lead to the removal of the present upright and able
judge who presides in the criminal court of this
District. I move that these memorials be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that an appropriation may
Ue made for carrying the mails between Philadel-
phia and Southampton, in England, in the Col-
lins line of steamers; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a number of petitions
and papers in relation to the establishment of cer-
tain mail routes in the State of Iowa; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Onice and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a paper in favor
of the establishment of a mail route from Onto-
nagon to Copper Harbor, in the fckaie of Michi-
gan; which was refhrr^d to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. t-> settle doubts in relation to the title
of e'Mnmon--lleid lots in the State of Mis-
souri, heretofore granted to the inhabitants of the
cny of rjt. 1; juie, for the support of school:,, ru-
p<'i tod it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass. He also submitted an adverse ic-
port on the bill; which was ordered to be printed.
POST ROUTES IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution:
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resohcd. That the Committee on the Pn«t Office a; d
Post Road* he instructed to mqune into the expediency or
establishing the following pos^t routes: Fiom A-hton. iovrn,
to Docai.jr, jn Nebraska Teiutoij , from Uejiefontame, \vi
Attica and Go^poit, to Chariton , fiom lilonmficld. Iown,
to Lancaster, Missouri; tiom Bradford to Rockfoul , tiom
Cedai Palls, via Wiiloughby, Butler Center, B°ar Grove,
May-villp, Hampton, Saiato^a. Befrnond. and rrvinstori. to
Algona; from Jiecoraii, viaBlulfton, Plymouth Kock. 1 u ino
Spline, AmoidFville, Lime Spungy, Foie^t Citv, and Le-
roy, to Austin. in Minnesota Territory; fiom DvriMiHe. vr,
Rockviile and Flopkinton, to Anamusa; from fndcpendeju'i ,
via Chatham, Fan bank and Polk's Settlement, to Frfii'1!-
ick-f>uig ; tiom Jonnsonport, via Ro^svilie. Cieavei;,nd. Lj -
biand, Po-tviilo, Cleai mont, to West Union ; tiom Laie-Kip
to Twin Spring. (in VVjnne^heik county :) fiom ^IcGrc^o,
via Windsor, Flkader, Volga City, and Tayloisvdle, to ! •-
dependence; from Magnolia, via Pieparation, l)"ivideie,
and fcjmitliland, to Sioux City; from Monticelio. via Ww
Buffalo and Mc(inecn's MilK to Pai^ ; from Mo m Ver-
non, via New Liridon and Paddmgton, to Clark'- Ford :
from Roeki'oid to Rock (Jiove City; from Rockhmi. via wp-t
>-ide of Shell Rock liver. \ia Noia Springs to tfh< It Rock
Falls ; from Webster, via Peck's, Cooper'-, and hidru-apo
1j-. to Hopewell; liom \W*t Union, via Wap-i. JUtck Run,
and Martin-buig, toWarerly; from Brlmcmd, via Liberty
and Daeotah Cny, to Packard's Settlement, (on fhc Little
►sioux;) from Cascade, via Centreot Jones county, Isabel,
