THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1858.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Did the gen-
tlemairsay 1 was mistaken?
Mr. GILMER. I think so. I will read the
journal, if I can be permitted to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina must suspend. The Chair has ruled this
debate to be out of order, and cannot permit it to
go on to settle the question of fact.
Mr. GILMER. Then I hope I shall be permit-
ted to proceed without further interruption. I will
be very short. I will remark that I do not desire
to do Mr. Vallandigham any in justice in relation
to this matter. There js no gentleman here who
would be more relieved to be satisfied that the in-
timation I have made was unfounded. But, Mr.
Speaker, in the debate heretofore, the fact that
Mr. Campbell's application was not formally
made until after Mr. vallandigham had been heard
by his counsel before the committee, has been held
up as a reason why his application should not be
granted. While my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Stevenson] was speaking, I desired to put in an
explanation of the matter; and had I been permitted
to do so, I know he would have done both parties
justice. When the fact is understood, I am very
well satisfied, and I am certain the members of the
Qommittee of Elections will sustain me, that the
objection will go for nothing.
When we returned after the holidays, Mr.
Campbell was detained at home by reason of sick-
ness in his family. Mr. Vallandigham was here.
His counsel was here. They appeared before the
committee, and asked, as a matter of favor, that
thecounsel of Mr. Vallandigham might be heard.
I believe the majority of the committee were op-
posed to his being heard; unless Mr. Campbell-
or his counsel were present. I think I submitted
to the committee, that inasmuch as the commit-
tee were all lawyers, and as the counsel of Mr.
Vallandigham had to be at home at agiven time, I
saw no impropriety in hearing him upon the law
of the case, upon the admissibility of testimony,
and upon the merits of the case, without preju-
dice to anybody. When Mr. Campbell came
here, he would be supplied with a brief of the
argument made before the committee. With the
understanding that the counsel was to have a
memorandum of the argument made before the
committee in behalf of Mr. Vallandigham, they
allowed him to proceed. He did proceed, with
much ability and fairness as a debater, and was (
heard with great interest and pleasure by the com- |
mittee. He did, as I understand, leave e brief
Of his argument, to be reviewed by the counsel i
of Mr. Campbell, who also addressed the com- j
rautee,asl understand, during my absence. Yet,
sir, this very indulgence granted to Mr. Vallan-
digham's counsel, who wanted to go home to at-
tend to his business, is seized hold of as one of
the reasons why time for taking additional testi-
mony should not be granted.
Sir, no member of this House, when the case
comes to a final hearing, would be more ready,
upon all the facts, with the supplement testimony
before us or not, to do ample justice to Mr. Val-
landigham than the person who now addresses 1
tins House. But, sir, under the circumstance, |
were I in Mr. Vallandigham's place, or were 1 one j
of his personal advisers, I would say tohun, "Let
all the Jacts be produced. After having been a can- !
didatc in that district for three successive times; !
after having been rejected by that people twice; i
and after having tile legal returns of the third
election decided against yon, 1 would place noim-1
pediment in the'way of taking that testimony. >
Do not have youtsclf subjected to the suspicion I
of asking to be voted a member of the House of ;
Representatives by that body, itself, in the face
of the fact that this additional testimony may dis- •
close that you were not elected by the people you ! |
seek to represent." ;!
One word more on that question, in answer ''
to the remarks of my friend from Georgia, [Mr. 'j
Stephens,] in relation to the answer given by
Mr. Campbell to the first notice given by the con- j]
testant. I do not stand here to vindicate that an- j
swer. I think that both in its tone and language 'I
itis subject to criticism;and I have no doubt that
Mr. Campbell afterwards, in a cooler moment,
after he had had time for reflection, when he had
had time for consideration, would regret having
giving such an answer.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will in this connection pre-
sent some considerations by way of excuse for
the answer thus given, under the circumstances,
in that mode and manner, admitting that it is
obnoxious to much criticism, if not to the ex-
tent to which it has been carried. When did it
take place ? It took place shortly after a most
heated and angry contest, in which one of these
gentlemen was elected, and which was held be-
tween the State and presidential elections; and
when you consider the mannerin which this can-
vass had been conducted; when you consider the
intolerance to which it had been carried on the
part of the contestant, I think it presents some
excuse for the character of that answer.
In a report of a speech made by Mr. Vallan-
digham in 1856, it is said:
"Mr. V. then proceeded to tiacc Mr. Campbell'* poiit-
lcal history,interrogiitivel)'.from the beginning, somenven-
ty years ago, to tliu piosent tune."
Mr UNDERWOOD. 1 desire to know of the
gentleman from North Carolina if he is reading
from a book, or from matter which was laid be-
fore the committee?
Mr. GILMER. No, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I raise the point
of order, that it is not in order to read from a
speech of Mr. Vallandigham winch was not laid
before the committee.
Mr. GILMER. I read it by way of reply to
what was said yesterday. It will be very shoit. .
It will only give a specimen of what is contained |
in that speech: j
" Was ho tho public spinred \ oung mini who began his 1
career by voUuiteeue? to pioseeute gratis- aii '
against the black Jaws? U<- (Mr. V.) had been accused
by some of voting, wlnfu in th" Loshhinne, to lopcal tiie>e
same laws some ten or twelvn years a o ; bur it was not
true: he voted then against (hem nlong with Dr. tfibbnidand
Thomas Biovvn of this comitv, although he then thought
them ifekvb and obsolete: and nevci heaul of anybody
c repoited* in favor of enfoicin<; them except his vety con-
sistent compeutoi."
He then goes on and uses this language, to
which I call the attention of the House:
<kWa*. ho tlie man, who tlie balloting- foi Speaker,
and after he had been toicod to deelini . mov<M put Mr,
Orr of South Carolina in the chaii ovei Mr. Hanks' - h«; >
And then again, m another part of the spccch, :
he uses this language:
"The South don't know him, and earos '-nil lc«.-; aboef
him. Doc he snppo?e, l>eeai^e a few southern irn'mbcn
of Congre^ ofloo^n patnotb-m nnd > ot loo-ei Jialntsaiear- ■
customed, out ot abundant ^ood natuie. to a^oeiate uith 1
him at a tew place-* fit puhhe tooit. that th^ wiio'e South '
knows him? Doe-; In suppu&e, b^.iu^e once o." twice in a '
fsGSMon. along with tlie eon^t c^Monai jjnng di.iw n out alpha- ,
beticaliy, he i.s permitted to dine at the t'lc-ulenl's. hou-e, !
and now and then by s-poeialfavoi i> avowed to eru tin !
crumb*, and dunk the herl-tap^ left aiVi dinnci, ai tho hoiw* '
of ToomJif, Stephens, iluntf'i,or rihdidl, that there'oie he 1
i* of sufficient unpoitanee to fall foith the united o/;brt^of '
the South to defeat him? Can airo<>ance in?oieniv, and
vanity go fnnhej
I only read these extracts, Mr. Speaker, to
show, when he penned this answer, which even ;
his friends admit is open to criticism, that per- ,
haps no man was ever more provoked, and that i
no man could have greater provocation to exten- i
uate any offense, than Mr. Campbell had when
he sent that answer. 1 i
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I think this debate :
has proceeded about far enough. The debate has 1
wandered very far from the point involved upon
which the House are to pass, and I hope that the
attention of the House will he brought back to
the resolution before it, and not be iost entirely ,
in the mazes of declamation on outside matte,!s !j
brought into this discussion. The simple matter '
for the House to determine is, whether Mr. Camp- '
bell, in this application to take farther testimony,
presents a case proper for the exorcise of the dis- ■;
cretion of the House ? That the House has, in its
discretion, the right to grantfurthcr time, there is I
no doubt. Is the case presented a proper case for >
its exercise? ;;
I will for one moment depart from the line of i
New Semes....No,''38.
remark I had intended to pursue, in order to:al~
hide to the remark of the gentleman from JsTortH
Carolina about this vote, i think it is proper I
should do so in a single sentence. I have care-
fully examined the vote to which the gentleman
referred.
Mr. HILL. As this question has been ruled
out upon the one side, it ought to be upon the oth-
er. I make the point of order, that what occurred
in the Ohio Legislature is not germane to the ques-
tion before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not relevant, and therefore sustains the point of
order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will not speak
further, then, upon this matter, than to deny utter-
ly the conclusion to which the gentleman from
North Carolina comes, as to the facts which havo
been stated.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I appeal to my
colleague to withdraw the point of order, and let
all the facts come out.
Mr. HILL. 1 will say that I have no prejudice
in relation to this matter. I know all this matter
is extraneous; but I have seen, with regret, that
political feeling has taken chargc of this matter
already. I think that what is fair upon one side
is fair upon the other. Properly speaking, I be-
long to neither side, and I have no bias between
these parties.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman can
assent or refuse.
Mr. 1IILL. Ifijentlemen will take all thismat-
^ ter, and read the journal as it is?, with the eon-
j sent of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
j Gilmer.,] I shall have no objection.
Mr. I1ARRI8,oflllinois. Iam willing to read
the whole record.
Mr. HILL. 1 shall object, unless it isall read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It justifies no such
conclusion as the gentleman from Georgia arrives
at. I have read it carefully.
Mr. HILL. Every gentleman can examine
it for himself, and come to his own conclusion;
though I have, myself, no objection to have th©
whole of it read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I shall devote tho
very few moments I have to the consideration of
tho question. If there have been more grounds
presented as reasons why further time should bo
given than wore stated in the report of tho com-
mittee, I have y< t (o lea: n them. There are only
two grounds upon which the application can be
placed. One is, that Mr Camph< 11 was a member
of Congress, nnd unable to give attention to the
taking of testimony; and the other is, that tho
contestant occupied the whole tune, and exehuh d
him from any opportunity to do it. All the other
points which have been made are but relative to
those two, and nothing else.
Tho gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] yesterday took occasion very violently to
assail th 3 committee on account of the conclusion
at which they had arrived in their construction
of the law of 1851. The opinion which the com-
mittee expressed was their unanimous opinion.
It is an opinion that they are still disposed to ad-
here to. It is, perhaps, very unfortunate for the
House that, in the organization of the committee,
some gentleman, possessing the legal ability of
the gentleman from Kentucky, was not placed
upon it; and it is very probable that hereafter we
will inquire of him, before we make our reports,
what his. opinions a e upon the law, that the whole
eommitttee may not go so entirely astray here-
after: and I have no doubt he will be quite as ready
to volunteer his opinions in a quiet way to the
committee as he was to express them so very elo-
quently before the Hour-e.
The gentleman objected to tho view of the com-
mittee in the construction of tlie law, that the
parties had a right to co on at the same time and
take testimony. Well, bir, if th' y have not that
light, the law is but a piece of nonsense. The
law says that neither party shall procced to take
testimony m more than one place at the same
time; and he inquires, if neither cannot, can either
