1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20.
one o'clock we shall proceed with the special or-
der.
Mr. GWIN. I thought the deficiency bill was
the special order for twelve and a half o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order w'as fixed for half past twelve o'clock yes-
terday; but it is for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. T hope 1 may hp allowed to
conclude my remarks; they are limited.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Texas tells
me that he will not occupy more than, an hour;
and as I am anxious to go on with the deficiency
bill, perhaps it would be better that he should
commence now. It will only postpone the con-
sideration of that bill for half an hour. I hope
the Seuate will consent to let him take up his res-
olution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the reso-
lution, for the purpose of offering a substitute,
and proposing that it be referred to a special com-
mittee, to consist of seven. 1 do nntsuppose that
will lead to any argument whatever. I wish to
offer &ome views explanatory of the object of the
resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by
Mr. Houston, in regard to establishing a pro-
tectorate over Mexico, and other Cential Ameri-
can States.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it will bo
recollected that a few weeks ago 1 offered a reso-
lution to instruct the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a protectorate over Mexico and the Central
American States by this Government. That res-
olution, without being amply discussed, was laid
upon the table. I have risen for the purpose of
proposingasubstitute for it, by which the inquiry
shall be confined to Mexico, and submitted to a
select committee.
It is, perhaps, nothing more than respectful to
Great Britain, inasmuch as we have been negoti-
ating with her for several years in relation to Hon-
duras and the Mosquito shore, thai the differences
between the two counii ies should be amicably ad-
justed, if possible, before we proceed to intervene
for the regulation of the affans of the five puny
States beyond Mexico. Moreover, the condition
of most of those States, bad as itjx, is incalcula-
bly better than that of our poor, distracted, ad-
joining neighbor. Their public demoralisation,
too, ail'ects us less injuriously.
The State, sir, which 1 have enjoyed the honor
of representing in this Chamber, in part, with my
lost but unforgotten colleague, since the emblem
of her national independence took its place among
the galaxy of stars which is unfurled over our
heads, has a paramount interest in the establish-
ment of orderly government m Mexico. It. is as
essential to her public morality and general pros-
perity as is that of any one State in the Union to
another. The line of partition between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico sti etches nearly two thou-
sand miles—one thousand of which is Texan.
Along a considerable portion of that line, on our
side, savages abound—over whose propensities
for the commission of crime on the inhabitants on
the other side, we can exercise, although obli-
gated by solemn treaty stipulations to do so, no
effectual restraint. On account of the depredations
incessantly perpetrated by the Camanches and
other tubes upon the Mexicans, the border pop-
ulation is steadily receding into the interior; and
instead of piogressive civilization, the chances
multiply, from day to day, that the country will
be turned over to barbarism—to the savages now
within our own limits. Mexico cannot prevent
it, because she is never free from civil war or other
intestine commotions; and we cannot, at any cost
short of hermetically sealing our frontier. Thus
good neighborhood on cither part, as matters at
present stand, is next to on impossibility. The
one cannot repel, and the other cannot pursue.
The wild Indian in his forest wanderings has no
inspect for, if lie even had a knowledge of, the
]'iirs which separate civilized nations. He roams
wherever his untutored mind points the way,
making m his strides the powerless—whether the
vli'te or the rod man—hi* victim. Different—
vastly different—is the condition of the neighbor-
hood on our northern ftonner. The inhabitants
of the British Provmecs are .so assimilated in char-
acter and identified in inteiests with the inhabit-
ants of the northern States, th«t they arc much
the same as if they constituted one people. Prac-
tically, there is nothing hut a political linft of di-
vision between them. The Marcy-Elgin treaty
cemented their intercourse, and commercially
annexed the Canadas, and other adjacent posses-
sion s of Queen Victoria, to those States. We gave
to the colonies everything that they asked—every-
thing that they could have desired.
The Senator from New York told us, the other
day, in substance, that the North was mighty, and
that it would speedily become still mightier. In
the majesty of its power it may, at no distant day,
bring those colonies into the Union, and partic-
ularly if they should become dissatisfied with the
rule of the mother country. Nor can it be pleaded
that they are not prepared for admission. Every
day that passes—such is the frequency of their
communication with the. citizens of Michigan,
New York, and Now England—they receive prac-
tical lessons in the science of self-government,
adopting, of course, the tenets of anti-slavery.
Their number does not greatly exceed a third of
that of Mexico, and yet they probably contribute
ten times as much to the prosperity of the North
as Mexico does to the prosperity of the South. I
do not mention this in the language of sectional
complaint, but in justification of the measure I
piopose.
The notion, sir, that Mexico will ever help her-
self out of the extremities to which she has been
so deplorably reduced, is too absurd to be enter-
taineu by a rational mind. The more she strug-
gles, ostensibly for the bettering of her condition,
the more anarchical she becomes. Tolmngsuch
a population as hers into the Union, would be to
assume the gravest of responsibilities. To suffer
her to be parceled out by filhbusters—each chief
perhaps a despot—would be to fraternize with
every desperate adventurer in our own land, and
to invit'4 to our continent all the wild, vicious
spirits of the other hemisphere. Nor could we
consent, without palpable dishonor, to see her
placed in the leading strings of any European
Power, even were there a disposition manifested
to so place her. We have, then, no alternative,
if we put. the slightest value upon our interests,
and are not disposed to disregard our duty, but to
arrange plans immediately for ruling her wisely,
and, as far as possible, gently.
In the consummation of i^reat measures, we are
apt to be—perhaps a little too apt—a closely cost-
calculating people. In the matter of the proposed
protectorate of Mexico, one ot the first questions
which is likely to suggest itself to our country-
men is that relating to the expenditure it will in-
volve. Happily, this can be readily and satis-
factorily unsweied.
The protectorate must l>e self-protecting—the
expense incuh nt to it defrayed by the protected.
The general Government of Mexico could prob-
ably be tfdmimsteied, taking a term of ten years,
for $6,000,000; while her customs receipts, under
a well-logulated and honestly-admimsteied leve-
nue tariff, would double that amount. Our Gulf
and Pacific squadrons would be ample for the pro-
tection of her commerce, in those quarters, and
without subjecting us to additional outlays. Five
thousand leiiable regular troops, properly garri-
soned and distributed, would insure the estab-
lishment and preservation of internal order; and
the adoption of a good police system would event-
uate m bringing to justice and effectually subdu-
ing J ho rapacious and blood-thusty bandits who
•nf^st her highways. Hence it is clear that we
ha\o it m our power to improve the condition of
Mexico immeasurably; to breathe the breath of
hew hfe into her nostrils; and without menirmg
the 11-*k of a dollar. What a saluWry change j
would this be, not only for both countries, out I
for the world at large! !
Faithless to her engagements, Mexico lias been ;
for a long time but little better than a national out- ;
law. She is powerful for the commission of,
wrongs, but powerless for their redress. Our De-
pal tment of State is the leposxtory foi the ,jv-
ances of our citizens by her high-handed douls— :
but nothing more than a repository, since the «e- ;
curing of indemnities for outrages has become a
somewhat obsolete idea. Those grievances are :
doubtless m^nnied m a pecuniary point of v.e.w, J
as guevrtnees ever ure where a Government is
responsible; but stdl, there should be an aur.ior- '
lty in Mexioi, with which they may adjusted
and provided xoi, as ascertained to he valid. The ■>
claimants might select one commissioner for their
examination, Mexico another; and, m case of
disagreement, the two an umpire. So with the
inhabitants of other countries, who have expe-
rienced wrongs at her hands which have not been
redressed. With respect to her funded debt, it
amounts to about fifty-five million dollars, and is
chiefly owned in England and on the continent. It
was consolidated in 1846, by a convention between
the Government of Mexico and a committee of
the bond-holders, by which it was to bear five per
cent, coupon interest. The war in which Mexico
became involved with the United States, so en-
feebled her that she was unable to provide the in-
terest or a single dividend of it, until some time
along in 1850, when she sent a commissioner to
London to represent the stafe of her finances and,
to make a new proposal to her creditors. This
proposal was to the end that she would pay out
of the California indemnity money the interest
m arrears, and pledge one fourth of the custom-
; house receipts on imports as well as exports for
the payment of the future interest of the debt—
provided the bond-holders would agree to dimin-
ish the rate of interest from five to three per cent.
To this, after some hesitation, they consented.
Since then, such is the faithlessness with which
she has acted, and such the subteifuges that she
has had to resort to, in order to sustain her sick-
ly existence, that she has appropriated to herself
nearly all the customs dues received — having
remitted only a sufficient amount to pay four of
the semi-annual three per cent, interest dividends
which have since matured. With this arrange-
ment, to which Mexico is bound, we could not
interfere, as her protector, unless with the assent
of the bond-holders. It might, however, proba-
bly be modified to their own and her advantage.
The assumption of it by this Government, as a
consequence of the protectorate, is too idle a sup-
position to be entertained. Great Britain could
not expect more from us in the premises, than to
see that the portion of the revenue from the cus-
toms stipulated for, was regularly placed at the
disposal of those bond-holders when collected.
Tins would in all likelihood defray the interest as
it accrued, besides creating a sinking fund for the
absorption, in a few years, of the principal, and
thus extricate the hand of our unfortunate neigh-
bor from the lion's mouth. England, as I shall
piesently show, would be well enough pleased to
have it so extneated.
Mr. President, I have looked, but looked in
vain, in both wings of this Capitol, for a fellow-
member who was a fellow-member with me when
the celebrated Monroe doctrine was announced.
Of the two hundred and sixty-one Senators and
Representatives who constituted the Congress
which commenced its session on the first Monday
of December, 18^3,1 stand hete alone, and I will
not disguise it, as one who regards himself as
among the last of his race,as one who feels that
he is approaching his journey's end on life's pil-
grimage, and who has now no other ambition to
gratify than to render " the State some service."
All those worthy spirits, alas! have, one by one,
quitted earth with the exception of President
Buchanan, ex-Piesidont Van Buren, ex-Senator
Branch, ex-Senator Rives, Governor Letcher, and
Governor Wickliffe of Kentucky, Uovernor John-
son of Virginia, General Mercer, General Camp-
bell of South Carolina, Mr. Saunders of North
Carolina, Mr. Stuart of Pennsylvania, Mi. Blair
of Tennessee, and possibly two or three others.
To Siiy nothing of the distinguished merits of the
survivors, in that great Congress might have been
seen in the full meridian of strong intellect, the
Jacksons and Clays, the Websters and Ran-
dolphs, the Macons and Forsyths, the Bentons
and Ijp.ingstons, the Barhours and Johnsons,
the MeLanes and McDuffies, the Km^s and
Smiths, the Taylors and Hamiltons, the Floyds
and Holmeses, the Rug^leses and Bartletts. It
was to such men, chosen alike for their wisdom
arid integrity, representing twenty-four sovereign
>Stau s and thirteen millions of inhabitants, that
Mr. Monroe (counseled by a Cabinet composed
of John GLuincy Adams, William H. Crawford,
John C. Calhoun, Samuel L. Southard, William
Wirt, and John McLean) addressed himself in
such confident and resolute language with refer-
ence to the ulterior purposes of this country. I
shall never cease to remember the exultantdehght
with which his noble sentiments were hailed.
