the comimmo^Ah Qhom.
June 4.
. HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 4, 1858.
The House ipet at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONSULAR BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the consideration of the Senate
amendment to House bill (No. 6) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS-
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
was, yesterday, excused from further service on
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I will not ask
that the motion be disposed of now, as the gen-
tleman is not in his seat; but X desire to have it
entered.
creditors op the united states.
Mr. GROW. I desire the unanimous consent
of the House to permit me to introduce a bill to
amend an act to establish a court for the investi-
gation of claims against the United States, so as
to permit creditors of the Government to sue in
the district courts of the United Slates. I desire
simply to have it referred.
Mr. PHILLIPS and others objected
settlers in illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to submit a motion
to discharge the Committee on Public Lands from
the further consideration of the bill (VI. R. No.
538) for the relief of settlers on certain lands in
the State of Illinois—simply to secure the right of
preemption. I ask that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Davis] be allowed to report back the
bill.
There being no objection,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, reported back the bill
above described, and asked to have it put upon its
passage.
The bill declares that all settlers in good faith,
prior to the passage of this act, on any of the pub-
lic lands heretofore selected by the State of Illi-
nois, but which have not been confirmed to said
State, under the provisions of the net of Septem-
ber 4,1841, shall be entitled to pi tempt their sev-
eral claims by legal subdivisions, not to exceed
one hundred ami sixty acres, at the ordinary min-
imum of$l 25 per acre, except within the six-mile
limits of any railroad grant; ami 111 that case at
the double minimum of lj2 50 per acre; provided
such settlers shall establish their lights accord-
ing to the rules and regulations prescribed by the
act of September 4, 1841, aiul that they pay for
the same within three months from the date of the
publication of this act by the register of the proper
district, and provided that no declaratory state-
ment shall be required to be.filed by such set-
tlers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
athird time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
'Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.  
KEEP, BARD AND CO.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from "the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 318) for ihe rebel
of Keep, Bard & Co. I desire to have it read for
the information of the House, and then to have it
put upon its passage.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. PI-IELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Virginia will withdraw his objection
till he shall have heard the bill read.
Mr. DEAN. Would it be in order to move to
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table,
and to dispose of all these bills ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I callfor the
regular order of business.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the House re-
solve itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to take up the bill for grant-
ing pensions to the officers ana soldiers of the war
of 1812.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
until the House shall dispose of the pending prop-
osition on which the previous question was sec-
onded yesterday evening, and the main question
ordered to be put.
CONSULAR BILL AGAIN.
The Senate amendment to the consular bill,
pending when the House adjourned yesterday,
was then taken up for consideration. The Senate
proposed to strike out the following section of the
bill making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th June, 1859:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no part of the
money herein appropriated shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury for any expenses which accrued, or shall accrue, before
the commencement or after the termination of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1859."
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate,
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson. ALkms, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bonliam. Bowie, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clem-
ens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Corning, Cox, Jaincs
Craig, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Dim-
inick, Dowdell, Edmundoon, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Foley, Gained, Goode, Gregg, Lawrence W.
Hall,Thomas f." Han is, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jevvett, J. Glancy Jones, Given Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, J.amly, Leidy, Letcher, Maelay, McICibbm,
McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Mlilson,
Mooic, Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelps, l'liillips, Guit-
III.Ill, Reagan, lieilly, Rulliu, Russell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Sewaid, Aaion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Vallandigham, White,
VVhitelev, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Augus-
tus It. Wright—84.
N AyS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Blair, Bliss,
Bravton, Butlinton, Burlmgame, Case, Chaffee, ISkiii Claris,
dawson, Clai k B Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cur-
tis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes,
Dean, Dodd, Duricc, Eilic, Farnswouli, Fenton, Foster,
Gihnan, Gilmer, Gooch. Goodwin, Granger. Grow, Ilarlan,
J.Mouifon H.iriis. Hill,Hoard,Howard,George W. Jones.
Kellogg, ICel-cy, Kilgore, Knapp. Letter, Lovojoy, Matte-
son, MayiKlld, Moig.in, Moitill, Kdw.ud Joy Moms, Free-
man 11 Mor-e, Ohccr 'V. Moise, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Palmer, l'mkcr. I'cttit, Pike, Potter, Piirvianec, Ready,III-
cnud, Ritchie, Kobhms, Itovce, John Sherman, Stanton,
William Htewait, 'l'hayer, Tompkins, Trippo, Undetivond,
Wade, W.ilbndge, Waldron,Walton, Cadvvaiader C. Wash-
hum, Klhhii B. Washbtirne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
John V. Wright—81.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was concurred
in, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dicklvs, its Secretary, informingthe House
that the Senate had passed, with amendments, the
bill making appropriations l'or sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30, 1859.
SLOOPS-OF-WAR.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to permit me to report a bill from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will give way for a moment, I wish to make a
statement. I gave notice yesterday that I desired
to eall up to-day the Maryland contested-election
case; but from the disposition of gentlemen to
proceed with other business, I am willing to
waive that, and propose to call it up to-morrow.
In the mean time I hope gentlemen will give what
consideration they can to the case.
ACCOUNTS OF THE LATE CLERK.
Mr. M AYNARD. I am directed by the special
committee appointed to investigate the conduct
and accounts of the late Clerk, to present to the
House a report, accompanied by a resolution. I
move,that the report be laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed; and ask thatthe resolution
be put upon its passage. I move the previous
question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the committee, appointed by the resolution
of the House of Representatives of December 18,1857, to in-
vestigate the conduct and accounts of William Cuilom, late
Clerk of the House of Representatives, have leave to sit at
the next session, and then to Bubmit their final report.
Mr. STANTON. How does the resolution get
before the House ? I understood that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] had the floor,
on a motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from "Vir-
ginia was recognized, and the gentleman from
Tennessee rose and stated that he rose to a privi-
leged question. On examination, the Chair learns
that the resolution constituting the special com-
mittee authorizes that committee t<? report at any
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this, the report?
The SPEAKER. It is a report in part.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose their
authority was to report the result of their inves-
tigation, not to report a resolution for the exten-
sion of time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that this
comes within the scope of the authority, the com-
mittee not being able to conclude its investiga-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose they
might report the testimony they have got, and
let us have it to examine during the recess. I
suppose that what testimony is taken is perfect,
and will not be amended.
Mr. MAYNARD. The report we now sub-
mit was agreed to unanimously. We understand
that it is necessary to adopt this resolution, in
order that the committee may continue in exist-
ence. There is no time, nor am I authorized, to
inform the House what we have been doing,
what is the state of the investigation, or any-
thing about it. I ask that the report maybe read,
and that will give the House such information as
I am directed to impart at this time.
The report was read. It sets forth that the
subject was found to be very extensive, embracing
the disbursement of between one and two million
dollars, generally in small sums, and to many
persons,involving the whole administration of the
House contingent fund; thatthe committee had
devoted to it all the leisure they could command
from other, and, as they considered, paramount
duties; that their labors had been greatly aided
by their prompt, attentive, and efficient clerk, Mr.
William Blair Lord; that they had taken a large
amount of testimony, written and oral, having
examined seventy-seven witnesses, several of
them more than once; and that the approaching
close of the session prevents them from examin-
ing the voluminous evidence already taken so as
to report the facts. They therefore ask leave to
sit during the next session.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the resolution was adopted.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
doorkeeper's accounts.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to call up the report of the select commit-
tee on the conduct and accounts of the late Door-
keeper, so as to have it disposed of by the House,
either by postponing it, or otherwise.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 must raise a question of order
in respect to this matter. I would have done so
on the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
naiid,] but that I want to get all the votes that I
can for my proposition, and I did not wish to press
a point of order which I might legitimately have
made; but since I see that privileged questions
[ are the order of the day, I must make the point
of order on the gentleman from Indiana. Although
he may have the right to call up his report at any
time, he must get the floor in order to do so. He
has not the right to take the floor from me. If
he can take it at the beginning, he can take it
when I have been on the floor for half an hour.
