594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
one? and he thinks the answer to that question
involves the demonstration of his position in the
argument. Very far from it. I answer the ques-
tion just as he answers it—that neither one can
take testimony in more than one place at a time,
but -either one can take testimony in one place at a
time. He puts a question that does not involve
the point at issue; and having extorted an answer
to it, he concludes that that is an answer to our
argument.
But the gentleman finds fault upon the other
branch of the law, because the committee con-
cluded that the parties may go on and take testi-
mony after the expiration of the sixty days. He
says very triumphantly: "What! Ask the par-
ties to take testimony in violation of the law?
The law says no testimony shall be taken after
the expiration of the sixty days, and you ask him
to violate the law. Parties swearing falsely could
not be convicted of perjury under such circum-
stances. It is idle to talk about the right of the
parties to take testimony after the expiration of
the sixty days."
"Well, sir, with all deference to the opinion of
the gentleman, I still differ.with him in the view
that he takes. He says that a party swearing
falsely could not be convicted of perjury. Why
not? It is a matter pending and undetermined by
the House, a point material to the issue; and if
the House see fit to receive the testimony when
it is presented, it is as valid for the purpose of de-
termining the matter in controversy as though
it had been taken during the sixty days; and al-
though the law says that the House may extend
the time for taking testimony, it does not neces-
sarily say that the time shall be extended after
the blouse shall pass the order; but it may retroact
and make good an employment of time immedi-
ately following the sixty days, and before the
passage of the order.
I suppose, sir, that if a case were opened in a
court, either upon the common law side or the
chancery side of the court, the rule would apply
that testimony could not be taken during the term,
during the session of the court; but yet, would
the gentleman say, that if such testimony was
taken, and a party testified falsely, he could not
be convicted of perjury ? The rule of court would
exclude the testimony; and yet, if a party luul
testified falsely, he would most undoubtedly be
guilty of perjury, and could be punished.
Now, sir, 1 still insist that, by a fair construc-
tion of that law, it means precisely what the com-
mittee have interpreted it to mean, and that any
other construction would, in many cases, utterly
prevent a contested case from being dectdcd in
Congress at all.
Having briefly noticed these two points, I wish
to proceed to notice some other objections that
have been interposed. But before it .shall pass
from my mind, I wish to do Mr. Campbell an act
of justice, by extending somewhat an explana-
tion that 1 made yesterday. In the hurry of my
rcmaiks, I did not state all the facts connected
with the subject upon which I was speaking.
I stated that before Mr. Campbell mude this
application for further time, his counsel had ar-
gued this case upon its merits, and that the coun-
sel for the contestant had done the same thing. I
should have stated that before the argument com-
menced, it was represented to the committee that
Mr. Campbell would, perhaps, upon his arrival,
desire to make a motion for further time. The
argument was commenced with the understand-
ing that he should have the privilege upon his re-
turn. It is just to him to state that part of the
history of the action of the committee.
The contestee furthersuggests to me—what it is
perhaps proper I should say, because it is true —
that his counsel argued the question, up to the time
when he closed his argument, mainly upon ques-
tions of law relating to the admissibility of testi-
mony which had been taken. Such is the fact, and
it is right and proper that I should state it; and
before he had concluded his argument, and taken
up the facts of the case, he was informed by the
committee that they would not pass udou those
questions of law until the other question was set-
tied ; and that if he desi red to make his application
for time, he must do it then. The discussion was
then abandoned, and the application made which
has been brought before this House.
I do not share in the apprehension of my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmeb,] in regard to
some question which may arise to be decided by .
this House. He is extremely fearful that, unless |
this case goes back for further testimony to be |
taken, some very dangerous and startling ques-
tion may be raised in this House for its decision. ;
He is very apprehensive that this House will have j
to determine the question whether, under the con- j
stitution and laws of Ohio, a person having negro !
blood in his veins is entitled to vote. 1 do not see I
any such very alarming matter in that. The con-
stitution of the State of Ohio limits the right of j
suffrage to citizens of the United States, and the
only question for this House to determine is, who
are citizens of the United States, and at the same .
time citizens of Ohio? If the gentleman from j
North Carolina sees any great danger in this, I j
confess I do not. We have important legal opin- ;
ions to guide us in coming to a conclusion. The i
House ought not, for the reason indicated, to send j
this inquiry back. The reason is, in my opinion, i
utterly insufficient, and one which ought not to be
entertained for a moment.
The proper question for the House to decide is,
" has Mr. Campbell used such due diligence in
the prosecution of his case as would^ entitle him
to a further extension of time ?" Now, I think
that he should have stated in his application what
he expects to prove by having further time, and i
the witnesses by whom he expects to prove it. |
He should have laid the foundation in such a way
as to enable the House to determine whether, if
his expectations were realized, the result would
probably be changed. But he does not lay that
foundation. He presents certain affidavits which,
according to the reasoning of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] have no legal force
whatever; affidavits taken after the expiration of
the time allowed, and on which, according to the
gentleman's reasoning, the parties could not be
prosecuted if they had sworn falsely. But even
admitting their force and validity, they do not
state those facts which would change the result
as now presented to the House.
I submit, then, that under all these circum-
stances the sitting member has not laid the foun-
dation necessary to entitle him to come before the
House and ask for an extension of time. His
absence from home during the taking of testimony
worked no disadvantage to him and no advantage
to his opponent. His opponent did not appear
before the commission, but was represented by
counsel. They both stood on precisely the same
footing. And it is no valid objection for him now
to say that he was absent, because he appeared,
as the law provided lie should appear, by coun-
sel, through the whole of the examination.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without any sort of desire
to go over all this ground, and take up all these
legal points raised ill the course of the discussion,
but simply to bring the House back to these two
points which I first stated, I have limited my
consideration entirely to them. I think we are
just as well prepared for the question now as we
ever will be. At any rate, I am satisfied that we
have taken up time enough with this preliminary
question. I must therefore ask the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution reported by
the committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion for a moment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will do so to hear
what the gentleman has to say. I Ho not, how-
ever, surrender my right to ihe floor.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make good now,
by reference to the journal of the Ohio Legislature
referred to, my declaration a short time ago that
I did not vote os the member from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Gilmer] stated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I raise the
point of order that was raised on the gentleman
fiom North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 appeal, 011 behalf of the
contestant, to the gentleman from Maine to with-
draw his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I withdraw the
objection.
Mr. MORGAN. I object, decidedly.
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman wishes to
refer to what occurred in the Ohio Legislature, I
object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I must resume the
floor. The contestanthas appealed to the House,
and tUe objection has come from the gentleman
from New York. I renew the call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Before the
question is put on ordering the main question, I
move a call of the House; and 011 that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106,nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Atil, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Aveiv, Bartoilale, Bishop. Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan,
Burnett. Burns, Chapman, John B. Clark, Ciay, Clemens,
Chapman, Cobb, Jonn Cochrane, coekpnll, Cox, James
Ciaig, Bui ton Craigo, Crawford. Curry, Davidson, Davis of
Mississippi. Dewait, Dovvdcil, Elliott, Florence, Garnett,
Gartieil, Gilhs, Gslinei, Goode, Gieenwood, Gioesbcck,
Lawrence VV flail, Harlan, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman,
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,Ge.orgs
W. Jones, J. Glaucy Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Kelly. Jacoo
M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, MeKiblmi, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller. Mill-
son, Montgomery, Mooie, Niblack. Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly,
liutfin, Rus&ell, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Sewaid, Aaron
Stiaw, Henry M. -Shaw. Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel
A. Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stcwait, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Warren, Watkins, White.
Whitelcy, Wmslow, Woitendykc, Augustus E. Wright,and
John V. Wright—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billingliurst,
Bingham. Blair, Bliss, Branch, Biayton, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Claik B. Cochiane,.Colfax,Covode, Curtis, Dam'rell, Davis
01' Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durt'ee, English, Etis-
tis, Farnsworth, Faulknei, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gil-
man, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gianger, Gregg, Grow, Robert b.
Hall,Thomas!,. Ilauis, Ilaskin, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Mor-
ton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Leach, I.eiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Moigan, Morrill, Ed waul Joy Moiris, Isaac
N. Mori is, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Mnrse, Motl, Oiin,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Robbms. Roberts,lloyee, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Itobeit Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiippc, Underwood, Wade,
Walbridge. Waldron, Walton. Cadwalader C. Washburtr,
.Elliliu B. Wasbburnc, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood,
Woodson, and Zolhcotfer—102.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Pending the vote,
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, stated that Mr.
Searing had been called home by sickness in his
family.
Mr. FAULKNER. My colleague, Mr. Smith,
has been called home by severe indisposition, and
requested me to announce that fact to the House.
This is the first occasion since that his name has
been called, and the first appropriate occasion that
I could stute the fact.
Mr. PEYTON stated that Mr. Talbot was
confined to his room by indisposition.
The roll was then called ;and the following gen-
tlemen failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Boniiam, c.tnuhcr-, Oaslue, Hoi ace F. Clark,
Coming, Dinnnick, l-ldio, Davis ol Mil viand, Lawrence,
Matteson. Murray,Sealing, Smith of Viigima, Talbot, and
11 Thompson.
Two hundred and eighteen members answered
to their names.
The doors were closed; and the names of the
absentees called for excuses.
Milledgf. L. Bonham
Mr. MILES stated that his colleague, Mr. Bon*
hau, was detained at home by severe indisposi-
tion; and moved that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Samuel Caruthers.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, stated that his col-
league, Mr. C uiuthers, was detained from the
House by indisposition; and moved that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John S. Caskie. No excuse offered.
Horace P. Clark.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I know that my
colleague, Mr. Clark, has been.called away sud-
denly and that he was, very reluctantly, obliged
to leave. That is all the excuse I can make for
him—that he has been called away by business of
a very important nature. I move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Erastcs Cornivc.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I repent,as to Mr.
Cornisg, what I have stated in respect to Mr.
Clark, i know the fact, personally, that he has
been called away also on important business, ana
obliged to leave. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
