1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
William h. Dimmktk.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 understand that ray col-
league, Mr. Dimmick, is at home in consequence
of the illness of a member of his family. I move
thatho be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John R. Eoie. No excuse offered.
J. Morrison Harris.
Mr. RICAUD. My colleague is absent from
the city, engaged in getting testimony in his con-
tested-election case, by permission of the House.
I therefore move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
William Lawrence.
Mr. COCKER1LL. I will state that my col-
league was called home by the death of a mem-
ber of Ins family. I move that he be excused.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to state further, that
Mr. Lawrence came to me yesterday morning,
and stated that he could not leave the city unless
he could pair off on this question. Upon this
statement, I paired off with him, and shall not
feel at liberty to vote upon any of the questions
affecting this contest during his absence.
The motion was agreed to.
Orsamus B. Matteson. No excuse offered,
Ambrose S. Merray.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I will state that Mr. Mur-
ray left the city several days ago, stating that his
family were sick. I have not .heard from him
since; but he was called home by sickness m his
family. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John A. Searing.
Mr. KELLY. My colleague is detained from j
the House by important business. I move that
he be excused.
The tnotion was agreed to. j
William Smith. j
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 have before stated that
my colleague is absent from indisposition. I now
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Albert G. Talbot.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague was absent
from the House on account of ill health. He is
now outside the door, having left a sick bed to be
here. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Thompson.
Mr. PALMER. I will state that Mr. Thomp-
son is detained from the House bv indisposition.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. I believe all the absentees
have been called over. I move that ail further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The main question was then ordered on the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions, and amendment.
The question was first taken upon the amend-
ment offered by the minority of the committee.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out all after the word " Resolved," and mserl:
Tiiat Lewis D. Campbell and Clement L. Valtaudigham
be, and they are hereby, allowed the further tune ot forty
days from the passage of this order to take t-upplemental
evidence touching the matter &et forth in the memonal of
Clement L. Vallandigham, contesting the light or' Lewis
D. Campbell, of the third congressional dhtuct of Ohio, to
a seat in the Thirty-Fifth Con^rebs.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 98, nays 113; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Andrews, Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bites, Drayton, Butfinton^ Kurhu«ame, '
Buriongh'*, Ca-.e, Chaffee, Ezia Claik, dawson, Clatk !i'. '
Cocinane, Colfax, Coining Covode, Curtis. Damreil, Davis !
ot Maryland, Davis of Indiana, D<ivh of Massachusetts' '
Davu  of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, English' j!
Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddinjrs, Oilman, Gilmer i
Oooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hail, Harlan'
Haskm, Hickman.Hoard, Hoi ton, Hovvaid.Kellogg, KeNev', j j
kilgoto, Knapp, John C. KunkeJ. Leach. Leitei. Loveiov i!
Humphiey Marshall, Majnarri, Moigan.' Monill, Edvv.iui 1
Joy Moms, Isaac N. Moms. Fieemati H. Morse, Oliver A. I
Mofse, Mott, Olm, Palmer. Pmkrr, Pettif, Pike, Potter, !
i oiile, Pui vianee, Ready. Ricand, Ritchie, liobbms,Roberts,
Ko>ee, John t^heiman, Jud>on VV.'Sherman, Robcit Smith. >
bpimici, Stanton, William Stewait, Tappan, L'nderwo -d '
Wade, UTalbudge, Walaron, Walton, Cad waladei C\ Wash-
burn, EliiUu B. Waslibume, Israel Washburn, Wilson
Wood, and Zollicoffer—98. 5
NAYS—Messrs. AM, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery
595
Barksdale, Bfthop, Bocoelr. Bowie, Boyec, Brvan, Burnett,
Burns, Chapman,.John B. Clark. Clay, C/emens, Clmgman,
John Cochrane, Cockerill. Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Curry, Davidson. Davis of Mississippi, Dewart,
Dovvdell. E'lmundson, Elliott, Ellens, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley, Garnett, Gartreil. Gillie, Goode, Greenwood, Greg?,
Groef-beck, Lawrence \V. Hall, Thomas L Harris, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Httvler, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jeweu, George \V. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M KunkeJ, Lamar, Landy,
Leidy, Letehcr, Maclay, McKtblmi, McUueen. Samuel S.
Marsha!!, Mason. Miles, Miller, MiUson, Montgomery.
vt s\ r.ti n ..... .. ci. J'
he shall be allowed to vote. The Chair has, how-
ever, propounded the only question which the
rule rfequires.
Mr. CLAY. There seems to be some mistake
as to what is the bar of the House. The gentle-
man himself seems to have labored under some
doubt as to what was the bar of the House.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution reported by theCommitteeof Elections.
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to allow further timet*;
take testimony in this case, as asked I'or by the sitting mem-
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SicKLEsand
Billinghurst were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes forty.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boycc, Bryan, Burnett,
Burns, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens,
Clmgman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Cox, James
Shorter, Sickle*, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stalkvortb,
Stephens, Stevens-on, James A. Stewart. Talbot. Gwc
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Tuppe, Ward, Warren, Watknfs,
White. WhiteJey, Wmslow. Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus K. Wright, and John V. Wiiaht —113.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HILL said: I wish, in a few words, to
state the reasons why I shall ask the House to
excuse me from voting: on that amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. HILL. I wish to state, that from the best
attention I have been able to give the subject 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
gentleman's statement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman has not the right to assign a
reason why he wishes to be excused from voting,
and thai the motion to excuse is not in order. The
motion should have been made before the call of
the roll had commenced.
Mr. COBB. I desire to state that I am not cer-
tain whether I was within the bar when my name
was called or not. I was just by the door, read-
ing a memorial, and I am not ccrtain whether I
was within the bar at that particular time or not.
The SPEAKER. That in a question which
the gentleman must decide for himself.
Mr. COBB. That 1 cannot dete rmine. I should
certainly vote " no," if allowed to vote.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to state that I was
absent from the House foi a moment, and when
I returned I found the door closed. But for that
fact 1 should have been within the bar when my
name was called. I ask the consent of the House
to vote.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. COBB. I hope 1 sliall be allowed to vote.
I was at that time reading the memorial of a poor,
destitute lady.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
fiom Alabama was tplkmg to a lady, it is not to
be wondered that he dot;s not know whether he
was within the bar. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. A gentleman litre states that T was
within the bar when my name was called.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that the
gentleman must himself respond to the question
whether he was within the bar, yes or no.
Mr. COBB. I could not do that.
Mr. HOUSTON". What docs the Chair rule is
within the bui >
The SPEAKER. Anywhere within the Hall.
Mr. FAULKNER. The committee which had
charge of the arrangements of the new Hall re-
ported that the limits of the entire Hall should be
considered the bar. If a gentleman, therefore, is
within the Hall, he is within the bar.
Mr.MARSHALL, ofKcntucky. I want to call
the attention of the Speaker to the fact stated by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,]
that he was shot out of thf House. I saw him
come to the door, and lind it locked. He was not
out of the House, theiefore, voluntarily. He was
shut out. I do not think the rule should be aonlied
to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it should.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think, then,
that the gentleman from New ^ ork and the gen-
tleman from Alabama had better consider them-
selves paired off.
Mr. WARREN. I want to ask a question.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WARREN. I want to know whether the !! atte,lt/on 0? ^ie House to the response made by
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas
L. llama, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Huyler, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Reitt, Jacob M. Kunkei, La-
mar, Landy. Leiriy, Letcher, Maclay, McKihbin, McQueen,
baniuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Mont-
gomery. Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps Phil-
lips, Powell, Quitman, Reagan, Reilly, Uuffin, Russell,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton. Samuel A.
Smith, Stallvvorth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, Guorge Taylor, Miles TavIor,Trippe, Ward, War-
ren, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Window, Woodson, Wor-
tendvke, Augustus R. Wnglu, and John V. Wright—114.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adiam, Andrews,* Bennett,
Billinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Br.iyton, Buffinton
Burlmgame, Bui roughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Cornms, Covode, Curtis.
Damreli, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
I)urfee, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddines.
Uilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Haskm, Hickman, Hoard. Horlon, How-
ard, KelJoffg, Kelsey, Kil^ore, Knapp, John C. Kunkei,
Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mavnard,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Tsaac IV. Morris
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Olm, Palmer,
Parker, Pet tit. Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Readv,
Kicaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberrs, Royce, John Sherman,
Jud^on W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Underwood, Wade, Walbudge, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Ellihu Washlmrnc. Israel Wash-
bum, Wilson, Wood, and Zolhcofler—101,
Pending the call,
Mr. HILL said, when his name was called, I
ask now what I proposed to ask some moments
ago; which is, that the House excuse me from
voting upon the resolution, which is nothing more
nor less than a reversal of the resolution which
has just been negatived.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS I would inquire if the rules
do not require that such request should be made
before the call of the roll is commenced. If so, I
object.
At the close of the call,
Mr. HILL said, I ask the House now to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to occupy three min-
utes in giving my reasons for desiring not to vote.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. HILL. I shall have to make some ob-
jections myself on another occasion.
The result of the vote having1 been announced,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call the
gentleman from Alabama was within the bar be-
fore the next nim.; was culled ? [Cries of " Or-
der !" " Order ! "j I hold that the Speaker must
put the question, " Were you within the bar be-
fort; the next name was called r'f
The SPEAKER. The Chair has propounded
the only question that the rules recognize. The
practice ot the House has been that, if a member ]
is within the bar when the next name was called, I
the witness, J. D. Williamson, which he has pre-
pared as an amended answer in pursuance of
leave granted by the House yesterday.
The amended answer was read, as follows:
Washington*. February 5, 1858.
To Speaker Home of Rejirarntatives
Tknty-Fxjth Congress :
Sir: In answer to the questions propounded t> me by
the Hotline, I would most respectfully state: that the sub-
pena was served upon me summoning me before your
