596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
select committee. I consented to appear, and prepared to
do so, but being under "heavy bonds m New York not to
leave the jail limits of that city, I called upon the sheriff
and told him that I had been summoned to appear befoie
the committee, and desired that my bonds should not be
tfoifeited by my absence. He replied, that if I loft the city
voluntarily my bonds would be foifeited, and my pledged
faith broken; but if my attendance was compelled it was
his opinion, as well as that of my attorney, that my bail
would hot suffer loss. Upon their advice I acted, suppos-
ing it was right, and never intending and not knowing that
1 was committing a contempt upon your honorable body.
I would cheerfully, and without hesitation, have appeared
befoie the committee and answered all questions put tome
touching the investigation they were pursuing, had it not
been for the restraints thrown around me in New Yoik. 1
nowhold myself in readiness to answer "such proper qifts-
tiohu" as shall bo put to me by the committee.
J. D. WILLIAMSON.
Sworn to, and subscribed befoie me, on this 5th day of
February, 1858.
C. W. C. DUNNINGTON, J. P.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to state to the House,
in addition to the -written answer of the witness,
that he has been before the committee and has an-
swered very promptly, without evasion or equiv-
ocation, every question propounded. The com-
mittee have no further business with him that we
know of, so far as the answers are concerned.
Whether they are true or not, is a question which
the public will decide when the testimony is pub-
lished. I ask that the witness be discharged from
the custody of the Serjeant-at-Arms.
Mr. T4YI.OR, of Louisiana. X hold in my
hand a letter from a very particular friend of mine
in New York, a member of the bar, in which he
slates to me that this gentleman was in the posi-
tion in which he represented himself to be, that
he was called upon in his professional capacity,
by the witness, and consulted in regard to what
lie could do to obey the order of the House; and
that at his instance this witness instituted pro-
ceedings with a view of placing himself in such a
position, without involving his sureties in respon-
sibility not intended to be imposed upon them.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous question
upon the motion that the witness be discharged
from custody.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, no previous question is
necessary.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I withdraw it.
The motion to discharge the witness was agreed
to.
Mr. AVERY. I ask the unanimous consentof
the House to introduce a bill for reference merely.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I call for the regular
order of business.
PRESIDENT'S KANSAS MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the President's
message m reference to the Lecompton constitu-
tion and the motion to refer the same, upon which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.Grow] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a privileged question.
It will be. remembered by the Speaker, and by the
House, that the special committee, which was
appointed to investigate the official conduct and
accounts of the late Doorkeeper, had leave, under
the resolution appointing them, to report at any
time. That committee have instructed me to make
a report.
Mr. GROW. Yes; but the gentleman cannot
take the floor from another to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
Chair thinks that the gentleman from Virginia can-
not take the floor from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to make the report.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, the President has
sent to Congress a message recommending the
admission of Kansas as a State into this Union,
under the constitution formed at Lecompton, m
November last. The first question thatarises in
all such applications for the consideration of the
legislators is, is the constitution republican in its
form, and does it in its essential features meet
the will and wishes of those to be affected by it? ,
The President has failed to send to Congress the j
vote of the people of Kansas on this constitution, j
so that we may judge whether it meets tlieir will i
and wishes by the official record of their action. 1
In the case of Minnesota he sent <? message trans- ]
mittingthe constitution and the vote of the people j
for and against it, without any recommendation j
whatever. In that case he sent the facts, and left i
Congress to act upon them. In this case, with- 1
out sending the facts, he sends a message abound-
ing in epithets-and denunciations of the majority
of the people of Kansas, without furnishing us
with the facts that the official record ought to
show.
Mr. HAPRIS, oflllinois. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield me the floor, that f
may modify the proposition I made the other day,
and explain the modification.
Mr. GROW. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, T
wish to withdraw the amendment which I offered
the other day to the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Hughes.] The reasons why I
wish to withdraw that amendment may be briefly
stated, and I will state them. My object in moving
the amendment was to obtain certain information
which the country required. If we are to believe
the opinions expressed by gentlemen upon all |
sides of this Chamber, this is one of the most mo- 1
mentous questions that ever has been presented
to the Congress of the United States. Intimations
have been given out upon this door, and at the
other end of the Capitol, that the decision of this
question might result in precipitating a train of
events of the most disastrous character to the wel-
fare of this country. If these expressions of opin-
ion rest upon any well-founded, existing state of
facts, it is proper, it is necessary, that the country
should know what they arc. When a navigator
is about to embark upon a voyage, it is important
for him to ascertain exactly the point of his de-
parture. If we are about to venture upon a new
order of things, let the country and the world
know what the facts are upon which that order of
things is initiated. Let us know the facts upon
which these predictions are made, and upon which
this great change, if change there must be, must
take place.
There is a wide diversity of opinion as to the
existing state of facts in the Territory of Kansas.
Allegations have been made of frauds, of corrup-
tion, of outrages, of infamy. If these allegations
be true, and by our action we indorse what has
been done, we become accessories after the fact
in the perpetration of these frauds; and it is,
therefore, due to out selves as members of this
House; it is due to those people whom we repre-
sent here, and who have confided their interests
to our hands; it is due to those that are to come
after us in this country and throughout the w^prld,
that, these facts should be obtained in an authori-
tative form. And, sir, what possible objection
can there be to an inquiry into the facts ? The
truth never harmed anybody. Upon a great
public question of this kind there should be a call
for information from all the sources from which
it can be obtained.
I trust, sir, that no gentleman will desire to pre-
cipitate a vote upon the groat question that lies
at the bottom of this subject of the admission of
j Ivansatt, until we have before us all the facts con-
■ neeted with the origin of the constitution of Kan-
j sits—facts which have transpired since )ts forma-
| lion by the convention—so far as they can affect
! the question of the propriety of her admission into '
the Union as a State. I ask for no facts beyond
those that arc directly pertinent to that question,
and those, facts I trust, that gentlemen are piepared
i to give us, and to give them to us in an authori-
• tative form.
It is said m some quarters that the objectof this
! movement on my part is to effect delay, to prolong
S excitement in the country. Sir, it is not to effect
delay. It is to hasten the work which we are to
do. Who is there that desires to take this fearful
leap in the dark, when he can by investigation
have facts befoie him to light his path ? I do not
propose to recount all thathas occurred in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. It is no part of my purpose to
do it. My own convictions of what has occurred
there, and what has not occurred there, do not in
th is movement that I make affect my action. I have
not been then-. I am not personally acquainted
with the facts. But, sir, f hold in my hand that
information which satisfies me that there ought to
be investigation. As it can be read by the'Clerk
much better than by myself, I send it to the
Clerk's desk that it may be read. I will stato that
it is the letter of ex-Secretary Stanton, the late act-
ing Governor of the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Who is entitled to the floor—the gentleman from H
February 5,
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] or the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Harris?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was recognized; and he yielded the floor
to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LETCHER. For explanation of his
amendment, as I understand; not for a speech.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Well, sir, I am ex-
plaining my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the question that ihe
floor cannot be farmed out.
Mr. GROW. To do away with objections, I
yield the floor unconditionally to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I propose that the
paper sent to the Clerk's desk be read as a part
of my remarks, and in this connection, in the same
way as if I had read it myself.
Mr. BOCOCK. Would it be in order for a,
gentleman to send up a portion of his speech to be
read by the Clerk?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the point of order
is made on me, I ask the Chair to decide the
point.
The SPEAKER. A question of order is raised.
The gentleman from Illinois proposes to have
read a certain paper. According to the practice
of the House, the Chair thinks it is in order.
According to the Manual, the Chair is of opinion
that the leave of the House must be granted. The
Chair will follow the practice of the House, and
permit the paper to be read, as it comes out of
the gentleman's time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust that
objection will be withdrawn, that the paper may
be read. The gentleman has certainly a right to
have it read. We all can see the convenience
of it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am only amazed
that the gentleman from Virginia should have
made the point.
Mr. LETCHER. What point?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Objecting to reading.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not object to the read-
ing. I objected to your taking the time of the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the paper
will be read now.
It was read, as follows:
To the People o f the United State's.
flavins? been recently removed fiom the office of Secre-
tary of Kansas Teuitory,undei circumstances which imply
sevrie censuie on the pait of the President, and having had
no official information of rav removal, nor any opportunity
for explanation or defense, I have deemed it necessary to
pie^eni to the people of the United States a brief statement
of facts in vindication of my motives, and m explanation of
the losulteof the act for which f have been condemned.
flic office in question was not given at my solicitation.
My neeeptancc of it, under all the circumstances, was a
pioof of htionu fi'iend-lupfor the President, and of unbound-
ed confidence in the thinness and faithfulness with which
he would adhere to the line of policy delibeiatelv agreed
upon between him, his whole Cabinet, and Governor
Walker.
On my arrival in the Tcnitory m Apnl last, in advance
of Governor Walker, I confess that I had an imperfect
knowledge of the ical condition of affairs. I supposed the
question of slavery to ho the only cause of dissension and
difficulty among the people ; and, in my buef inaugural ad-
j diesv of the 17th April, X tteated this as the chicl subject
ot ihlreiriice upon which a submission to the people would
be hkely to be demanded. I soon found, however, that this
view was altogether too limited, and did not reach the true
giound ot controvcisy. The great ma«s of the inhabitants
of the Teiutoiy were dissatisfied wuh the local govern-
ment, and earnestly denied the validity of the existing Jaws.
Asserting tnat tfie pievious Legislatuies had been "forced
upon theniby thpfiaud and violence of a tieighboimg people,
they proclaimed their deteiunnation never to submit to the
enactments of legislative bodies, thus believed to be illegiti-
mate and not entitled to obedience.
This was the condition of things when Governor Walker
came to the Tcmtoiy, m the latter part of May. It was evi-
dent that the just policy of permitting the people to regu-
late then* own affairs could not be successfully earned out,
unless they could be inspired with confidence in the agents
of Government thiuugh whom this result was to be effected.
If a mere minority of the people had been thus dissatisfied
and contumacious, they might possibly have been pro-
nounced factious, and treated as distill bers of the peace;
but when the dissatisfaction was geneial, comprising almost
the whole people, a more respecttul consideration was in-
dispensable to a peaceable adjustment. It was evident that
the policy of repression—-a rigid attempt to enforce submis-
sion without an effoit at conciliation—would inevitably
ie:suit in a renewal of the civil war. With commendable
anxiety to avoid this contingency. Governor Walker re-
solved to go among the people; to listen to their complaints;
to give them assurance of a lair and just administration of
the teriitorial government; and to induce them, if possible,
to abandon their hostility, and to enter upon the peaceful
but decisive struggle of the ballot-box. I was often with
the Governor when he addressed the people, and gave my
best efforts m aid of the great purpose of conciliation.
