1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2707
sioncd, nor how long her pension shall continue, If the i
words '• in The same manner "do not refer to the act of 1848 i
in .i su'hciently oompiehen-ive manner to embrace all these I
condition-* of rtie pension, how is it to he determined '
wheihei the widow is to he allowed a pension of twenty, '
forty, cghtv, or one hundred dollar* [ier annum' Or how
isil to he detei mined wheiher -he i< to be allowed ;i pen- '
sion to continue tot life, or during iter widowhood only > !
It wil! he <een that, in oider to execute the second ?ec- j
tiou of the act of JtVjtf at all, it m«>/ he construed to icferto .
ihe aet of 1848, so as ro embrace tlie provisions of that art
in relation to the rate of the pension, and the tune of tt*> con-
tinuance, at least. Is. not the time at which a widow's pen-
sion is made to commence as much an element of the man-
ner in which slip is entitled to her pension as the rate ol her
pension per annum, or the utne oi its continuance' It has j
been attempted to draw a distinction between ihera/eofj
the pension and the time through which it shall run, and to j
argue that the words Uiu the same manner'' may be con- •
strued to refer to fate bin not to time Hut the word- must J
be con-trued to refer to lime as well as rote. else v on ran not j
determine when the pen-ion uinlwr the aci of l*.i3is to t ea-ie, <
Whatever rule you adopt as to its commencement. The l>e- i
partment ha- consum-d it to cease on the -ubsequent mar- J
riaue oftlie widow. And why* Simply bec.iu e the pnor
act to which it refeis irive* the ivu-ion •'during widow- '
hood." only. It will hardly he contended thai the words I
{t in the same manner" have reference m the nine lor wine h ;
th(  pen-ion -hall eonlinue, and not to the tune ;u whn It tt
shall commence. And yet tins po-ition inusl he assumed 10 •
render the iusiument on the other side at all con-i-teut.
Hm the argument that the woid- m the -nine manner,"
do not refer to the tune of the ^oimuencemeui ol the pen- !
sion, and that, eon-equeutlv, the peu-ion can only ^om- ,
inence at the date ol the act of tails tor another rea- I
son, which we deem entirely eonelu-ive
The fir-t .-ection of the act of July -29, IMS, in the body
of tt, grams pensions to nil widow- ol revolutionary officers i
and sohhei-, who-*e husbands, if living, would be entitled
to pen-ions, ivithouh eferem e to the hmeof then marriage; 1
and t hen comes in a tinal clause, m the nature ot a /oonvo, !
which declines that widows married alter the 1st day of >
January, 1800, shall noi be entitled to receive a pension" |
under-aid act. Rut for this hnai elau-e, or prnvi-o, wul- ]
ows, married alter the 1st of January, IFOb, would have 1
been entitled to pen-ton- under said act of I8k<, a- well as 1
those uunried pnor to that date. The second -ection of ;
the act of I8.">H is nothing more nor less than a -liuph* re i
peal o| the final clau-e ol the Inst section of the act ol 1^18. ,
Thai final clause -impH' dec-Ian,-- that widow- mai ri« d -uh- '
sequent to the 1-t ot January, l^On, shall not he entitled to
pensions undei -aid act The -ecoml -ection ol the act of .
lf<5Ii declare- thai the -ame ela-s ol \\ idosv- •.hall he en til led
to pen-ion-, in the-ame manner a- other widow-are en. j
titled who are embiaced by said act of 1848 It thtt- en- 1
tirely nullifies said II nil clause, and leaves ihe act ot 1848 j
to be exec uled precistly a- il it hud u< vcr been mseited .
therein ; con-equently, widow- mai i ied -ub-equently to the ,
1st of January, 18ut), are h'lt entitled to all the benefits of j
the act iy 18-18, m a- full and perfect manner as if the clause [
excluding theni therefrom had never evi-ted. I
VVnen a subsequent statute i- pas-ed, which i« directly
repugnant to a prior statute, or anv clause in a prior statute ;
On tin* -same sub|eci. -tieh prior -tatute or clau-e is thereby
repealed, hv implication. ahhouirli no express words ot re-
peal aie used. Tin- is a rule of law -o well estahh-hed
that no one will deny it The attorney for the petitioner in
tin- ca-e, m h:-= brtel before the Court of Claims, h< s cited
nuineiou-auihot me- upon tin - point; hut n i- deenu d unne-
ces-ary to incumber tin- icport bv authorities ui snppoit of
a position -o well estahh-hed ft i-> ntipo-sible to conceive
ot two propositions more directly lepngnnnt to each other
than the last <;lau-e of the first section ol the aet of I r*4ii and
the second -ection of the act of 1853. The one declare- that
a ceiiain cla-s of widows •.halt not b< entitled to cottain
peu-ions, while theot het peremptorily afiunis that ihe same
cla-s of widows shall he entitled theieto. The latter clause,
therefore, ju-t as effectually repeals the formei a& any ex-
press words of icpeal could have done.
If, then, the la-t clau-c of the fir-t section of the act of ■
1848 has been repealed, what is the legal ellect of -uch re- j
peal upon the rights of widows who were excluded from the j
benefits of said act ol 1848, by virtue, of said final clau-e :
onl\, while it remained in force? <>n this point, al-o, the ,
law i« so well -ettled as to leave no gi on nil for don hi <>  con- j
troversy. In the cttse of I>oe e< McUuilkin, (8th lihiekf., _
lt)l,) ui which it was decided fhat a certain <tnture was i
repealed by implication, the learned chief ju-lice, m deliver- ;
ing the opinion of the court, says " Tin: law i- well ,-ct- ,
tied, that when a statute is repealed, U must be considered j
(except as to trail-actions pa&sed and closed) a? v/ it had ;
newt evicted." ]
And tor tin- reason, when a statute i- repealed, whether j
by e\pies- word- ot bv implication, it i-s -o completely nul- i
lili-'d, ah initio, that an action at law based upon it. pending !
at tlie time of the repeal, will fall to the giound, although j
the veidict of a jury had been rendered ill the ea e. il the |
repeal takes place before tinal judgment. (Commonwealth |
us. Kemball, *2J Pick., HT.'f ) j
The-ame point has been more recently decided by the j
Supreme < 'onit of the United States, in aca-eansing under ;
one of the celebrated compromise acts of 18a0. A -uitlmd I
been commenced in the I 'ruled H tales circuit court of Indi-
ana, to recover the •i-'iflf) penally nnpo-ed bv the tout rh sec-
tion of the act ol lifh Feljitiary, T-9M, " respecrniglugiiives
fiom pi-uce and person-- e-capiug lioin the -etviee of their
master-," ag<un-t anv peison ob>tnu tin^ a claimant, his
agent, or attorney, in arie-ting a fugitive trom labor, or re-
cning -uch fugui've. after he had been arie-ud. or harboring
or conce.ihng the fugitive, knowing bun n  besuch. While
the action was pt nduig, the act ol September Is, l*M), was
pas.-ed, the seventli section of which piovide-, that foi com-
luitiitig either of -aid oOcn-es, the paity -o offending -hall
be sub]ect to a line ot .$1.0<iu, and impri-<Mim«iut not cxcct cl-
ing si^ fuunths Although the act ot IKjOih«e-not expre—ly
repi'al the fourth -c-tion of the aet ol 179;< yet the court
held that it repealed it by implication. Judge Catron, itf
delivering tlie opinion of the court, says: '* The act ol 18,50
has repealed, so for as relates to penalry, the fourtli section
of the act of 1793." (Norns i>s. Crocker, 13 How., 429.)
And consequently it was decided that the action brought to
recov< r the ■f.'iO;), under the act of 171M, was barred by the
repeal though pending at the tune of the repeal Tin-was
but the legitimate r-'-uh of the well- known rule of law above
siated. that " when a statue is repealed, it mu-t be consid-
ered leveept a- to nan-action* pas-ed and closed) as if it
had nev«r existed."
If it be true that the second section of the act of 18.53 docs
repeal the Ut-l clau-e ol the fir-t section of the act of 184*,
and if the effect of ihe icpeal of that clause he to leave the
act to be executed as if that i la use had never existed^ then
it necessarily follows that widows married subsequent to
the first ol January. 1800, are entitled to alt the benefits of
the act of 1848, m precisely the same manner as if they had
been expressly embraced by the act originally. And this
view of the subject dispo.-es of all question- as to wheiher
the words "in the same manner" have a more limned or
comprehensive application to the provisions of said act of
1848.
It ha* been *aid that the act of I8.v? cannot be construed
to take ellect pnoi to the tune of its passage ; and tin- we
admit. We apprehend that tt i- not claimed by anv one that
it ever look efleci before its pa-sage. But when n did take
etlect, it took effect according to its own expres- piovts-
ion-. It will hardly be contended that C'ongies- lack- ihe
power to grant a pen-ion commencing at a day antei lor to
tin date ot the giauiing act 11 so, then (Jongrcs-has ex-
ceeded its poweis m pa—nig every revolutionary pen-ion
act. fioni that of May lo, l<vJ8, down to the  aid aci ot IK>3,
at h-a-i—tor ev« rv one of the-e ads grants a pension to
commence at a date amenor to it- pa-^agn. The aet-of
18:28 and I8.'W each grain pension.-commencing; mote than
two year- anterior to their dates, and the act o| Irsfcgiauls
pensions commencing more iban firei/xtns antenoi to its
dale. Kvery atM pa—ed pnoi to said 'id of Febru.ny, 1
grants the pension froni the 4th of Maieh ol -nine \ear an-
leuoi to its pa—age Is fheie any-such strong reason for
stippo-mg that ('ongic-s inn nded to depart from tin- uni-
foim piacttce in pa—nig the act of 1K>3 a^ will jn-ufya
toiced constiuction id its language to give it (hat effect?
In -oine case-, wbete then* ate -irong i<;a-ons for believ-
ing that the Legi-houre intended that a statute should have
a different effect fioni lliat which the mo-t obviou- unpott
of !h" words u-ed would -eem t«i indicate, a toiced con-
sTiuction of the language is ie-ortcil to (whether pi-tuiably
oi not) for the [ ui po-<« of cat tying out the siippo-ed inten-
tion ol the Legi-latuie. Rut there can he no -uch eveu-e
in tin- ca-e. Theie can be no -ttoug ica-on lor -nppo-ing
that Conyress intended to make an tin nhou-«h-tmci ion be-
tweenthr pen-ions of widow- inairied to icvolutionarv -ol-
d:ers in IHM), and those uiartieit ui 1799. Il would be dif-
ficult to point out any difieienci; between the merits of the
two ease- on which to ba-e any -uch di.-iinction
In fact, if'it were allowable to refer to the debates in the
House in winch said second -ection of the act of LH"),'* on
gniated. at the tune it wa- tinder con-idei.uion, in onlei to
arnve at the intention of Cougrc-s, il could be shown tli.it
those who supported the mea-ure in debate avowed their
object to be to put widow- maiued -ub-eqmMit to the l-l of
Januaiv, 1800, upon pieei-elj the same footing a- tho-c
mat tied liefoie thai date. lint inasmuch a- eouits do not
allow what was said m deba'e, on the pa—age oi an aci, to
control the eon-iruetion of the aet, we lorbear any fuuher
releience to that siih|ect.
In conclusion, the minority of your committee bog leave
to ><ty thai, in their opinion, the ('out t of Claims, in giving
the coustmetion which it lias <nven to the acts in ipie-tion,
ha- hut made a fair and legitimate application of the funda- J
meiH.d rule-of law lor the mterpietation of statutes, and ,
that said decision cannot be impeached without dt-iegaid- [
nig rules of constiuction which have been conseciated by I
the wisdom of ages. j
r,tjie)tainni<r these views, we cannot l>ut recaid it as the j
bouuderi duly of Congre-s to pass the hill which has been !
rcpoifcd by tlie com t? foi the put pose of cairjing its deci-
sion into etlect in this case.
THOMAS G. DAVIDSON,.
For the ininority of the Committee.
Mr. STANTON. The majority report is very
long,and if the House will be as well satisfied, I
am willing that the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior shall be read instead of the majority re-
port.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to that. Let both
of them bu read. I want to understand this whole
case.
Mr. STANTON. Very well, let the majority
report be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the majority re-
port.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to dispense with the
further reading of that report. The gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] who insisted on
it, seems to be satisfied, and has left his seat.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STANTON. I now demand the previous
quevStion.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will allow
me five minutes.
Mr. STANTON. There are at least twenty
gentlemen who want five minutes, and I do not
know any reason why they are not as much en-
titled to it as the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. 1 was on the committee of con-
ference when the bill in question was passed.
Mr. STANTON. Iinsistonthepreviousques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
request of the House, and that is, that the reports
of the majority and the minority, and the fetters
of tlie Secit-tary of the Interior, may be.reported
in the Globe.
No objection was made.
Mr. CLEMENS. [ was called out for a mo-
ment to see a gentleman. I should like to hear
the rest of the majority report.
Several Members objected.
The following is the report of the majority of
the Committee of Claims:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
repoit of the Court of Claims (No. C.">) in the case of Jane
Smith, have had tlie baine under consideration, and now
report:
The question presented in this case grows out of the
second -ection ol the net entitled "An ;u:t to continue half
pav to eeriaui widows and orphans," apptoved February 3,
l£.~>.'i. winch declares: '• That the widows ot all otheers,
noo coiuuiis-iou* d otficeis, musician-, and piiv«ites,ot the
revolution,irv .umv, who weie marited -iihscqtient to .Jan-
uary, anno i"oinini shall be enuth'd to a pension in
the same in.inner a  tliose who were inarued beiore that
d.tU' "
The petitioner, Jane Smith, made application as one of
the bfuetn i.uie- under the act. . The claim was admitted,
and her u,uu« vv.ts pl.tci d on the pension mil, and <i pen-
sion, beginning on the d.iy of the approval of the act. has
since that tune been paid to her, undei the coiisiiaction
tfiven to the act bj Ihe othcers charged with Us execution.
This con-uruetioii oi ihe a< t is now called in -pie-ti-'n. The
petitioner claims lhat ol right, under the law, the pension
allow* d her -hould have begun on the 4th of March, tfcMg,
because the second sect ion of the act of ic.'i.j ha-, by neces-
sity, a dnect teieienee to the act approved Jul) ^9, teUH, to
fi\ the rate and duration ot tlie pensions granted by it. and
that, in consequence oi this reference lor those purposes,
n necessarily lollow- that the same aci must be referred to
in like manner to n.v the tune when the pension should be-
gin.
Uclore the Court ot Claims the pretensions of the peti-
tioner weie -uppoited bj eoun-el who-tienuously enforced
then view-on the couit, while the solicitor ot the United
Siatt's, m hi- buef, printed among the papers of the case,
declared ili.it u seemed to lum the cbtnn wa-* well 1'ouuded.
The only aigunietu beioie the court, in support of the con-
stiuction given to tin* act by the executive depaitnient of
the (Joveiuiueiit, was contained in a lettei from tl.e Com-
iMts-ioner ol Pen-ions to the solicitor ol the United States,
dated on the xinth of May, IMf). and wntten in icply to one
to him fioni the sohcuoi, inclosing a copy ol the bi  ef "
ol p< utionei"s counsel, which will be found at page 10, in
tin* lepott from ihe Couit oi Claim-. Alter heaiing the
ca.-e, tne couit oveiruled the cotistiucuoti given to the act
by the Dep.uinient ol the interna, and decided that the
elann.iul was w entitled to tlie aireai- of her pension, from
the ^ih day ol Maieh, ls4^, to the 3d of Febiuary, lbo3?
the date oi ihe a< t in tpiesiion.
Tin- d> ci-uiii is b<t-etl by the court upon the ground that,
inti-mucli a- u wa- clear that the act of I o3 was passed
with icle.ience lo ihe act ot la-lb, and il was necessary to
go to th.it act to deteuitinc the intent and meaning ot the
aet ol It&Sfoi some put poses, it was theretoie proper to
go to it tor all puip(Kes. In the opinion of the coutt, the
expression in the aet which declared that the widows who
were inairied aftei the 1st day ol January, IW1(1, should
" he entitled to a pension in the same manner as those who
were inairied beioie that date," wa® de< isive of the whole
quc-tion. Speaking with reference to this expies-iou, the
couit a-k : u In what manner, then, were tho<e who were
inarued befoie lau > entitled to a pen-ion and then say :
••The an-wer to tliij> is lhat they weie entitled to a pen.-ion
equal to that whn h then hu-bands would have icceived
under evi-ting law-, commencing en the 4th of March. 1848,
and continuing duiing iheir widowhood ; arid this answers
the question in all its detail-, so iai as iciates to • tlie man-
ner.' '* The eouit then pioceed to show that it follows
a- a nece^saiy cou-equeucc that a widow who was inairied
subsequent to the year lauu is entitled to a pen-ion equal to
that winch her hu-band would have received undei exist-
ing law-, commencing on the 1th day of Maieh, 1*48, and to
continue dining her widowhood ; l>eutu\e -he i- entitled to
it in the tame manner a\ if <>he had been married on or be-
jore the 1 of January, 18(10/*
Piotn this language ol the court it is at ouce appaient that
the judge- ot ihe Couit of Chums con-tnie the woids u m
the same manner'' a- neces-mtU iciening to the clause m
the aet of July-ill, Iridtf, winch fixed the tune when the pen-
sion- giauted und<t that aci should •' couuncllce.', as well
a.-to the other poitnuis ol it, which ileteiiuined their rate
and duiation This constnu tion, in the opinion of your
committee, i-j eleaily eironcoiis. and is in dnect conflict
with well--ett!ed prineijiles of law, and with the pJani sig-
iiiheation and meaning of the word " uiamier."
Jt idi an elementary piutcipie in the construction of stat-
utes that they take ellect fiom their date or piomulgation,
unless they contain within themselves provisions* rmng^
some othci tune lor then going into opeiation. The act ot
1<-G.jcontains no such piovi-ion in evpiess tenn^; and, un-
dei the operation ol this i ule, it must liave gone into efb'Ct
on the d ty of irr< date, and the right-created by it must have
then begun to exist, unles- then; id something in tlie act
which nece—anly gives them a diffeient time ol beginning.
Tlie Couit of Claim- m tin- in-fanee -ay that That some-
thing in the act under consideiaiion is to be loumi in the
cxpic's?ion " in the >111111* m;itruer " \ our coniuiittee think
thftt this h a iiicie a—uuqaion 011 the pan of ihe court,
giowmg out of a iiu-eoiicepwon a-to the meaning ol the
woid •Mnal^ncl.,, and thai il 1- m no degree sustained by
the anthoiiiies to winch iln-y rejer.
Theie are three distinct and sepaiate fact* nece— ai ily in-
volved i'i every particular event oi oceuii enee w Inch tians-
pirec, 10 wit: the place where, the manner how, and the
time when. Neither of these elates ot facts have any ne-
cessary connection with, ox relation to. •;ach other. The
