1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It was too late to induce the people to go into the June
election for delegates to the convention. The registration
lequired by Jaw had been impelled m  11 the counties-, and
had been whoiiy omitted in one half of them; nor could the
people of these disfranchised counties vote m any adjacent
county, as has been falsely MiiiRC^tod. In such of them as
subsequently took a census or registiy of their own. the del-
egates chosen were not admitted to • eats in the convention.
Nevertheless, it is not to do.m-d that the iiieac eeutial
fact, which contiolled the w hole ea^e, w>n the uuer want
of confidence by the people m ihe whole machinery of the
teriitonal government. They alleged that the local ofheet*,
in all instance?, were unscrupulous paitisans, who had pie-
viously defiauded them in the elections-, and who weie
ready to repeat the same out! ages again ; that, even if in-
trude!:? from ahroad should not he permitted to overpower
them, they would be chcated by lalse return?, which it
would not be possible for the Governor and Secictary to de-
feat. Although, at that tim^, the^c appiehensious seemed
to me to be preposteious and unfounded, it was impossible
to deny the earnestness and sineciity with which they were
urged, or to doubt that they were the result ol deep convic-
tions, having their ongm m some previous experience of
that natiue.
The worst portion of the small minority in Kansas, who
had possession of the tenitoiial oigamzation, loudly and
bitterly complained of Governor Walker's policy of con-
ciliation, and demanded the opposite policj of repicssion.
And when, undci the solemn assurances given that the
elections should be fairly conducted, and no fiauds which
we could reach be countenanced ortolciated, ithad become
apparent that the ma s of the people were piepaied and
determined to participate in the Octobcr elections, the mi-
nonty endeavored to defeat the lesult by reviling the tav
qualification for electois, which had been repealed by the
previous Legislature. Opinions were obtained from high
legal sources, the effect of which, had they p> evaded, would
have been to exclude tne mass of the people hom voting,
to retain the contioi in the hand* oi'tho turnout}, and, a^a
consequence, to keep up agitation, and to tender osvil war
inevitable. But the intrepid lesolutionof Governor Walker,
in spite of/ieice opposition ami denunciation, f.u and neat,
earned him through tin* dangeions cii^h, and he had the
proud satisfaction of having achieved a peaceful tmunph,
by inducing the people to submit to the arbmament of the
ballot box.
But the minority vveic detei mined not to t-uhimr to defeat.
The populous county of Dou-.das had been attached to the
boidei county of Johnson, with a huge and omtiollmg iep-
reseutation in the Legislature. The celebiate-l Oxfoid fi and
was perpetiated with a view to ohnun maionties 111 both
Houses of the Assembly. When these letum^ v.cie ic-
eeived at my office, in Governor Walker'.- alienee, f had
fully determined not to give certificates based upon them.
Jfthey had been so fonnal and eonect as to have made it
my duty to certify {hem, I would have resigned my oiliee
in Older to testify my sense of the cnoimify of the wrong.
Governor Walker, at Leavenwoith, had iormed the same
resolution, as he stated to me and to several otheis; andnve
were both gratified that we found the papers so impeifect
as to make it our duty to reject them. Gieat excitement
followed in the Territory. The minority, thus nghrcously
defeated in the elToit to prolong their power, became fierce
in opposition, and resoited to every means of intimidation.
But I am led to believe that they found their most effectual
jaeans of operation by undermining us with the Adminis-
tration at VV'ashington.
The constitutional convention, which had adjourned over
until after the October election, met again in Leeompion
to icsume its labors. Many of the members of that body
were bitteily hostile to the Govei noi and Secrctai v, on ac-
count of their rejection of the Oxloid and MeGee frauds,
in winch some ot ihe inembeis and officers ol the conven-
tion had a direct participation. In fact, tln> body, with
some honorable exceptions, well lepiceuted the mmoiity
party in the Tern tory, and weie fullv mibned with tin* same
spirit and designs, 'it was obviously not their desne to se-
cure to the real people-of Kansas the contioi of then own
affairs, fn the constitution, soon nfteiwaids adopted, they
endeavored to supersede the XiOgislatuie which had boon
clcctcd by the people, by providing, in the second section
of the schedule, that ''all Imvs now of force in the Teiri-
toiy shall continue to be of foice until alteied, amended, or
repealed by a Legislatuie under the provisions of this con-
stitution." They provided still moie effectually, as they
supposed, for the perpetuation of their minoiitv government,
by adopting the Oxford liaud as the ba<-noi then appomon-
mcnt, giving a great pieponderanc e of representation to the
counties on the Missouii boidei, and affording, at the same
time, every possible facility foi the intioductioii of spurious
votes The president of the convention was clothed with
unlimited power in conducting the elections and receiving
the leturn*, while the officers aie not iei|uned to take the
usual oath to secuie fair and honest dealing. The elections
were hurned on in midwinter—the 21st of Dccembei and
the 4t.li of Januaiy—when cimgiants couhl come only fiom
the immediate boidei---, undei the qualification winch in-
vited to the ballot-box eveiy white male inhabitant " in ihe
Territory on that day " The same men who did this had
previously denounced Governor Walker for the suggetsion
in his inaugural address, and in his Topeka speech, that the
constitution should he submitted to all the louu fide inhab-
itants, although he invariably stated, when asked for expla-
nation, that some reasonable length of lesidence ought to
be required as evidence ol the bona fide chaiacter of inhab-
itancy.
It was apparent that all the machinery had been ai ifully
prepared for a repetition of gross fiauds, similar to those
Which had been attempted m October; and it was in view
of all these facts, after the adjouinmentof the convention,
that the people of the Territory, by an almost unanimous
demand, called upon me, a  the acting Govei nor, to convene
an extra session of the Legislatuie, in order to enable them
peaceably to protect themselves against the wiongs evidently
contemplated by the adoption of this constitution. There
was no law to punish frauds in election letuins. The peo-
ple were intensely excited; and it was the opinion of the
coolest men in the Territory that, withoutaeall of the Le-
gislature, the elections under the constitution could not have
taken place without collision and bloodshed. The meeting
of the Legislatuie diverted the attention of the people from
the schemes of violence upon winch thev wcuj brooding,
substituted the excitement of debate and investigation for
that of lierce and waihke hatred, and enabled their repre-
sentatives to devise means for counteracting the wrongs
which they justly apprehended.
Recent events have shown that their apprehensions were
well founded. Enotmou.j frauds have been perpetrated at
the precmcts of Oxford, Shawnee, and Kickapoo; and it
may welt be believed that this lesult was actually designed
by the artlul leadois who devised the plan and framework
oftheLeconipton constitution. I have lately been at Shaw-
nee, and I have seen and conversed with poisons who weie
at Oxford on the day of election. The fraud** committed rue
notorious; and though dishonest persons may deny them,
and may lill the channelsof public infoiinauon withshame-
les-s representations to the eontiaiy, they can bo easily es-
tablished beyond all controveisy.
} I was to enable the people to shield them^clvejfrom the^e
fiauds, and to give legal expicssion to then hatred and ic-
jectiou ot the instrument winch permuted them, and was
to be earned by them, that 1 called the Legislature together.
In my judgment the people had a fan claim to be heaul
on this subject through their Lcgifkmue. The organic act
confided to me the discretion of convening that body m extra
session. The President of the United States had no right-
ful authoiity loexrici^e that discietUm f >i me. lie had"the
power of lfmovnl, and such contioi as that powei give-, him.
But I would cheei fully have submitted lo removal, and eon-
sequent loss of favor with the President, rather than occupy
the po.-uion of Governor, mulicfusc to tne people an oppor-
tunity to asseit their most essential lights and to ptotect
themselves against the basest fiauds and wiongs ever at-
tempted upon an nonaged community.
Not having been infoimed of the giouiuN of my removal,
I know them onivtlnough the nevvspaner icports, to flic
effect that, in calling the Legi-lataie. f disobeyed the in-
structions of the Pie-iderit. F had no' mstiuction-> beaiing
on the subject, and theie was no tunc to obtain them, even
if I had felt bound to substitute tSie President's will ioi that
discietion which the oigamc acuoiuidcd to me. The con-
vening of the Legislatuie undoubtedly pieventcd difficulty
and secuied peace Were it import.mt. [ am eontidentJ
could establish this podium by the nio«.t indubitable tacts ;
but it issulln jent now to say tb.it the peace ot the Tenifoiv
wa< not. in fact, disju'bed, and whatever appioa: he- weie
made towaids such a ic-uli weie wholly atinbuiahl 1 to the
policy of the Admi'iisuration in censmtng my acts and ic-
moving mf fiom office.
I The measure foi which I have been unjustly condemned
J lias enabled the people of Kansas to make known then ieal
vi ill in legrnd to the Lecompton constitution. This uflbuh
the Demociatic party an opportumtv to defend tho true pnu
ciples of constitutional Ida rty, raid to save itselt fiom dis-
astious division and uttei overtniow. If < 'ongie«s will heed
the voice of the people, and not I'oice upon them a govern-
ment which they have icp'cted by a vote of tour to one,
the whole countiv will be satisfied, and Kansas will quietly
settle her own adans, without the least difficulty, and with-
out any danger to the Confedeiacy. The southern States,
which are supposed to have a deep inteiest in the matter,
will be saved from the supiem? folly of standing up in de-
le n-o of s-o wicked and dishonest a contrivance as the Lc-
compton constitution. The moral power of their position
will not be weakened by a vain and useless defense ot wrong,
when it is pciieetly ce.'t.un thej will gam nothing even by
sncces'; m the piesent attempt.
The extia session of the Kansas Legislature lias done i
good, also, by giving meaiw t<^ expose and punish the mon-
t-tious frauds whi<*h ha\ e been peipetiatcd, and donbtk-.s,
also, bv ptcventin'.r otlu i- which would have been attempt-
ed. It ha1- duven the gmiiy miscreant* engaged m them to
become fugitives fiom )(i:tiee, and lias lendeicd it nnpos-
sible for tiie peace of the Temtoiy heiealter to be c<idan-
geted by similai occurrences,
iii view ot these fact-, and icmiPs. I willingly accept the
rebuke convened ni niv peremptoiv <!i--mi-sal fiom office,
but I appeal to the d-hbeiate itidgment of tn<* people to
deteiinme wheiliei I ha\e not chosen the only honorable
course which the cucunistanees allowed me to" pujsue.
FilLD. P STANTON.
Washington, January li-'58.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. In addition to the
statement made by cx-actms; Governor Stan-
ton, just read, I might road tiie statement made
by ex-Governor Walker, of a like character and
import. It is quite remarkable that there should
be such a diversity of opinion between those who
have exercised executive functions in the Territo-
ry of Kansas, and the national Executive from
whom they derived their appointment. There
seems to be a direct issue of fact raised between
those functionaries; and while there i? such a dif-
ference of opinion there, how can it be that the
people of this country can be supposed to be united
on such questions ? Now I hold that it is demand-
ed by every consideration that can influence men
on whom great responsibilities rest, to obtain the
best information they can oil the subject; and it
was to promote such important public ends that
I offered my resolution the other day.
I wish now, not being disposed to occupy any
time unnecessarily, to withdraw the amendment
which I offered to the resolution proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] and now
1 desire to make an inquiry of the Chair. I desire
to be informed whether, under the rules of tho !|
House, I can move my amendment as a distinct jj
substantial proposition? The gentleman from ]
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] moved to refer the mes- ; i
sage to the Committee on Territories. That is a
distinct, independent motion. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] moved to.refer it to
a select committee of thirteen; not as an amend-
ment, but as a separate, independent proposition.
Under the rules, the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Territories would take precedence.
My inquiry now is, whether there can b€ more
than two distinct propositions of reference pend-
ing at the same time on the one question? I do
not desire to move my resolution as an amend-
ment to that of the gentleman from Indiana. 1
understand that the practice of the House has
been, in regard to the appointment of committees
under such resolutions, different. For instance,
if I should move to strike out of the resolution
all except the word " Resolved," I suppose the
Speaker would give the position of chairman of
that committee to the gentleman who originated
the resolution.
I state, sir, without any reserve or conceal-
ment, what are the objects I have in view. If
my resolution is adopted, it will be a different
resolution from that offered by the gentleman from
Indiana; yet, if -it is adopted as an amendment
to that resolution, under the parliamentary prac-
tice, the Speaker would appoint tho gentleman
from Indiana chairman of the committee, it is
true, the practice of the House in the last Con-
press has been both ways. But, in order to re-
I licve the Speaker from any embarrassment on the
I subject, I desire to submit my proposition as an
independent proposition. I do not know whether
it can bp entertained as such ; but,for the purpose
! of obtaining a decision upon it, I now withdraw
i my amendment, and submit the following as an
independent proposition:
Rewind, Tliat tne message of the X>iesident eonceminn *
the constiuitiun framed at Ijeeompton, m the Territory of
Kaunas, by a convention of (1 ^legates therein, and tiie papeia
accompanying the same, be relerred to a select committee
( of fitteen, to be appointed by the Speaker. That said com •
mittee lie instructed to inquire into all the facts connected
with the formation of said constitution and the laws under
which tiie same was originated, and into all :.uch facts and
pioccedings as have ti .inspired since the formation of said
i constitution, having relation to the question or propriety of
i the admission of said Teiritory into the Union under said
[ constitution, and whether the same is acceptable and satis-
[ factory to a majority of the legal voters of Kansas. And that
; said committee have power to send for persons and papers.
i I ask, Mr. Speaker, if it is in order to present
I that resolution as an original proposition?
j The SPEAKER. Tho Chair thinks not. The
Chair is of tho opinion that the gentleman can only
accomplish his purpose by moving his amend-
ment as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana. The following is the
rule upon which the Chair bases his decision:
"47. When a resolution shall be offered, or a motion
made, to refer any subiect, and different committees shall
bo pioposed,the question shall be taken m the following
ordei.
'■ The Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Fiiinn; tin1 Committee of the Whole House; a standing
co'iini'ttee: a selpct committee."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I supposed that
would bo the ruling of the Chair. I presented
the resolution in this form in order that I might
understand precisely the ground on which I stood.
I do not find fault with the ruling of the Chair,
because I believe it is correct. At the same time,
when the gentleman from Indiana moves a res-
olution to refer the matter to a select committee
1 of thirteen, stating at the same time that he did
it supposing that was the motion I asked the floor
| to make, placing himself in the position, by the
\ practice under parliamentary usage, to be placed
' at the head of that committee, I regret the posi-
j tion in which the malter stands.
! Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman from
1 Indiana, at the time he made his motion, dis-
claimed any desire or intention on his part to be
' chairman of that committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I had forgotten the
1 fact the gentleman states. I thank the gentleman
! for his suggestion. I did not intend to do the
[ gentleman from Indiana injustice. The matter
referred to had for the moment escaped my recol-
lection.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to take tip the
time of the House a.uy further. I believe the
House is as ready to vote now as they will be at
any future time, and I therefore move the resolu-
tion which has been read as an amendment to tiu;
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, and
.call for the previous question.
