1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1688
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I listened
very attentively to the remarks of the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yesterday, and
I feel with him that there is a mischief, in regard
to these deficiency bills to be remedied. I think,
perhaps, he took an extreme view of the question
when he supposed that they were unconstitutional
in their character; nor do I apprehend he would
find on further examination that the first instance
in which bills of that nature were ever passed was
in 1844. Perhaps that was the first occasion on
which a bill of that name was ever passed; but
bills of that nature have often been passed from
the year 1820 up to this time. I think, too, he will
find, when he comes to examine this whole ques-
tion, that the measure which he proposes is not
only too radical, but that it will fail to accomplish
his object, and that it would make inefficient the
machinery of this Government in that very point
in which it requires most efficiency—I mean in
its military arm.
I feel with him, sir, that these deficiency bills,
if possible, ought to be prevented; and I am will-
ing to concur in any practicable, sound measure
which may have thatenii for its object, and which
may be likely to attain it; but, 1 think, it will
be found that the remedy, if there be one, will lie
elsewhere. These deficiency bills arose from a
change in the fiscal year. In 1842 the fiscal year
was made to commence on the 1st of July instead
of the 1st of January. Before that time, when the
fiscal year commenced on the 1st of January, it
had been the habit of Congress to pass two sets
of appropriation bills, just as we do now, but the
names were different. The first which was passed
early in the session, to meet the temporary want
of the Government, was called the paitial appro-
priation bill; and the other, which was passed
later in the session, and provided for the addi-
tional wants of the fiscal year, was called the bill
for additional appropriations. It is only neces-
sary to turn to the synoptical index of the stat-
utes, to see that, from the year 1820, it was the
constant practice to pass these two appropriation
bills: the first a partial bill, which answered to
our deficiency bill, according to the present prac-
tice; the other, what was called the bill for addi-
tional appropriations, which provided for the gen-
eral wants of the Government.
The difference between the practice of the two,
however, was probably essential. When the fiscal
year commenced on the 1st of January, the ap-
propriations preceded the expenditures, or rather,
the contracts to expend money. Since the fiscal
year has been changed, the expenditure of the
money, or the contract to expend it, generally
preceded the appropriation, and it is for this rea-
son, as things are now arranged, the Secretaries
have to estimate for eighteen months ahead—Con-
gress always appropriates a year in advance. It
cannot be foreseen accurately what are the wants
of the Government. The only way in which you
could prevent these deficiency bills, would be to
appropriateextravagantly undereach specific head
of appropriation, so as to be sure that the Gov-
ernment would have enough, and something to
spare to provide for contingencies, the effect of all
of which would be that we should swell the ap-
propriation bills very largely; we should increase
the temptation to large expenditures, and proba-
bly it would lead to large and lavish expenditures.
It would have, too, this further effect, that the
change which was made in ancient times from
general to specific appropriations, would work to
extravagance rather than economy. For the first
three years after this Government went into oper-
ation, the appropriation bills were in the general;
it was only in the fourth year that Congress com-
menced with specific appropriations.
To say, then, that there shall be no deficiency
bill; that we must either provide more than a year
beforehand for all the wants of the Government,
or else that no expenditures shall be made, must
subject the Government, in its practical opera-
tions, to great inconvenience, sometimes, perhaps,
bringing it to a stand-still or else it must force
upon Congress the necessity of appropriating not
only enough, but something to spare, upon each
specific head or appropriation.
Now, sir, if there be a remedy, it seems to me
that it will be found in restoring the fiscal year to
the period at which it formerly commenced. If
that be (lone, the appropriations can be made
ahead of the expenditures. We meet a little be-
fore the fiscal year closes, and if there was an ur-
gent demand for temporary supplies, we could
pass a partial bill, as was passed before this change,
in order to meet those temporary wants, and'take
time to consider the other appropriations. During
the long session, the last appropriation would be
made only a few months before we meet again:
and thus Congress could always provide for the
probable wants of the Government; and it would
be great mismanagement, great neglect, and prob-
ably culpable misconduct, if the contracts for ex-
penditure then preceded the appropriations. I do
not know, sir, that it would make us more eco-
nomical, though I rather think it would; but it
would, at least, introduce this salutary change—
that the appropriation would precede the expend-
iture. So strongly am I impressed with this, that
unless reasons should be urged against it which
1 do not now see, I shall test the sense of the Sen-
ate upon the subject by presenting a bill for the
purpose of restoring the old fiscal year.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question at this stage of his
remarks, to which I am listening with much at-
tention '
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the whole appropria-
tions be in advance of the expenditures, what dif-
ference does it make whether the appropriations
be made at one portion of the fiscal year or an-
other r Why is it a matter of any consequence ?
Mr. HUNTER. Because Congress will be in
session at a period near the end of the fiscal year
if it ends at the one time rather than the other.
Under the present system, we have to make ap-
propriations more than a year ahead; but if we
restore the old fiscal year, as we meet a month
before it closes, we have time to provide for any
temporary emergency, and during the long ses-
sion we sit un'il the year is half over, and we
: have only to provide for six months ahead of us.
! But as it now stands, the Secretaries have to es-
timate for eighteen months ahead, and Congress
have to provide for more than twelve months
ahead of them. The consequence is, that unex-
pected and unforeseen emergencies arise, and the
Departments are either obliged to permit the pub-
lic service to suffer, or else they have to contract
ahead of the appropriations. But they would
have no such excuse when Congress was in ses-
sion, perhaps, only six months before the close
of the fiscal year, and when it always would meet
again a month ahead of it. Certain it is that, in
former times, what might seem to be deficiencies,
through the whole experience of the Governm«nt
until this change was made, will be found to have
been very small. In general, the partial appro-
priation bill consisted chiefly of provisions for
the expenditures of the two Houses of Congress,
and occasionally a small deficiency would come
in. Sometimes you would find an appropriation
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen, some-
times an appropriation for a contingency in this
department or that; but in general there was very
little appropriation in these partial appropriation
bills for any other purpose than for the expenses
of the two Houses of Congress. It was so be-
cause Congress was in session so near the end of
the fiscal year that it could provide with sufficient
certainty. We certainly can see six months or
twelve months ahead of us more easily than we
can see for a year or eighteen months ahead of
us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state what were the particular induce-
ments for changing the fiscal year at the time the
change was made ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not recollect. I think
myself the chief inducement was this: there was
a pressure on Congress to pass the partial ap-
propriation bill; it was necessary to pass it a lit-
tle sooner than Congress generally gets to work;
there was some slight inconvenience in that re-
gard, and it pressed upon members of Congress,
for generally the partial appropriation bill was
made chiefly to provide for the wants of the two
Houses of Congress. But there may have been
other reasons which do not now occur to me. I
intend to examine into that matter, for I am con-
vinced (I have a right to think so because I find
this difference in the experience under the old fis-
cal year and under the present) there is reason for
the difference, and unless 1 can find some more
reason against the change than I see now, I shall
test the sense of the Senate upon that subject. I
believe that probably we may prevent the defi-
ciency bills, if not entirely, certainly to a Urge
extent. 1 would say we might prevent them en-
tirely if we had no more territory to provide for
than we had at that time. The cause which may
occasion a necessity for such bills is that we have
distant territories—territories on the Pacific—and
it takes months to hear from them. Sudden emer-
gencies arise there, and it is very difficult to pre-
vent the occurrence of some deficiencies there.
For instance, we shall have an application during
this session for deficiencies that occurred in Wash-
ington and Oregon Territories under such circum-
stances as these: the Indians are brought on res-
ervations to be supported by what is made there,
with the exception of the hunting season when
they are turned loose to hunt. This, of course,
diminishes the expense of supporting them; but
when a war occurred, the officers were afraid to
turn them loose and were obliged to support them
the whole time. This was unexpected and un-
foreseen. They could not do it without exceed-
ing the appropriation, and if they did not do it
they would have had to turn the Indians loose and
run the risk of their joining the bands which were
already making war upon the settlers.
There is, too, another cause of deficiencies
which might still entail them upon us to some
extent, but not so largely, 1 think not near so
largely, if we were to change the fiscal year, as it
does now. Of necessity there must be a right in
the War Department to contract for the means of
subsistence and transportation ahead of appro-
priations. How can it be otherwise? Suppose
insurrection or invasion were to occur in the re-
cess of Congress—an event for which they had
not provided in their appropriations—what is the
President to do? To wait until he can call Con-
gress together for an appropriation ? No. It is
indispensable to lodge power in him to contract
for the means of transportation and subsistence;
and that is all that is lodged in him. Whatever
could be retained under the action of Congress,
under our existing laws is retained. All appro-
priations for pay and clothing, &c., are retained;
but it was necessary to leave this discretion in
him, and you could not make the machinery of
this Government practicable and operative in time
of war without it; and we can readily see that
there are emergencies which might occur, not only
in war but in peace, with so much territory as we
now have, with troops posted so far apart as they
now are, requiring a change of those posts and an
increased amount of transportation, which was
not foreseen when the regular appropriations were
made.
Why, sir, I have been told by the Secretary of
War, during this very fiscal year, that owing to
some Indian outbreaks, and the modes in which
the troops were posted, he had suddenly and un-
expectedly to move some troops from Old Point,
on the Chesapeake, to our western frontier. How
can you provide for such emergencies as these in
the regular appropriation bills ? In no other way,
as I said before, except by appropriating, not only
what we think is enough, but more besides, to
meet the case of these emergencies. Far better
than to pursue a practice which would lead to
such extravagance as that, it would be to lodge
the limited power in his hands that was vested
there by the act of 1820. 11 was vested there after
experience. It was suggested by the experience
of the last war with Great Britain. I believe that
if you were to repeal it, the effect would be that
you would either entail upon the military arm of
this service such inefficiency,and expose the coun-
try to such disasters on certain occasions as to
bringdown public indignation, or else you would
have to make these contracts without law. Far
better, then, is it to limit the War Department as
the law now does limit the other Departments—
limit them wherever it can be done, and give the
Secretary of War this authority in relation to
transportation and subsistence.
The Senator from New Hampshire, however,'
says this is unconstitutional. I think not. It is
unconstitutional to draw money out of the Treas-
ury without an appropriation; nor is it ever done;
but it is not unconstitutional to make contracts
ahead of the appropriations. There certainly is
a distinction in regard to that matter; bu t even in
relation to these deficiency bills, it will be found
that they are not always for money that has been
