1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 20,
spent, or contracted to be expended, ahead of the
appropriations. Sometimes they are for that; but
very often they are an application for an addi-
tional appropriation, not to supply moneys that
have been expended, but moneys which the Sec-
retary desires to expend in some department of
the public service, in addition to what has been
already provided. Many of them, instead of being
appropriations for deficiencies, are additional ap-
propriations. I believe the Departments have, in
many instances, done wrong in their estimates by
notso denominating them, instead of calling them
deficiencies.
But, Mr, President, if we are to maintain the
present fiscal year, if we are to continue the prac-
tice of estimating eighteen months ahead and ap-
propriating more than a year ahead, sometimes
sixteen months ahead, when we have to estimate
and to appropriate by guess and conjecture, then
it is almost indispensable, for economy's sake,
that we should use to a limited extent this device
of a deficiency bill. I will give an instance—an
instance that has occurred since I have been con-
nected with the Committee on Finance. Some
years since the Committee of Ways and Moans
of the House of Representatives found the esti-
mates from the Navy and War Departments, as
they believed, too large. They addressed letters
to the heads of those Departments asking them
to diminish their estimates. The reply was that
they had been made upon consideration, and thfty
could not diminish them. The committee then
addressed letters to the Departments saying they
had determined to diminish the amount appro-
priated, and requesting a designation of the items
on which they would have the appropriations cut
down. One Secretary did designate, but the other
Secretary would not, because he thought every
cent he asked was necessary. The Committee
of Ways and Means took tne responsibility of
rutting them down arbitrarily, because they know
that if it turned out that more was actually wanted
for the public service, they could, in the shape
of a deficiency bill, at the next session provide
for it. Suppose it had been that there could be
no such bill; suppose it had been considered un-
constitutional,and penalties were attached to pub-
lic officers who should undertake, for any cau.se,
to contract ahead of appropriations: no commit-
tee could have ventured on any such experiment,
no committee could have taken such a responsi-
bility, because it was saying that they knew,
twelve or sixteen months ahead, what would be
the wants of the War or Navy Departments bet-
ter than the heads of these Departments them-
selves. If the committees cannot do that, it is
impossible thatCongresscan retrench the expend-
itures. If the committees cannot occasionally
apply the knife and retrench arbitrarily, we here
can make no sensible retrenchment. Now and
then we may lay hand on an item which we can
prove to be unnecessary, and strike it out, but m
the general, they aie so connected, so interwoven,
so interdependent upon each other, that you can-
not intelligently strike one out.
The only way I know would he (and I vei y
much incline to tlunk we shall have to resoit 10
some such remedy in order to stop expendituies)
to send aiesoiution to the heads of Departments,
saying: " We have so much money to spend; we
are willing to appropriate so many millions to
you; now send in the estimates, and show us
how you will have that amount divided; we are
willing to leave it to you." In that way we
should accomplish, in some measure, the supe-
rior economy of general appropriations; for there
is no doubt, if our agents were perfect, were im-
peccable, we should conduct the Government
more economically with general than with spe- j
cific appropriations. In that way wc might com- ;
bine that matter of cconomy, m some degree, with ,
the responsibility of specific appropriations. If !
you were to go to the heads of Departments and j
say: " We will give you half the money that is j
appropriated to carry on and conduct your De- j
partmcnt; employ your clerks for what you j
choose; give them what you choose; employ what I
force you think necessary;" I believe there is not a !
Department here that could not be as well, and :
probably better administered, for half the money !
now expended on them. j
But, sir, putting that aside, I return to the point i
that, if we declare that we will pass no deficiency I
bill, that we will not pass it because it tends to i
encourage extravagance, or because v/e think it
unconstitutional, (an opinion in which 1 do not
concur,) then the only resort that is left to us is
to turn in and swell the amounts appropriated
under each specific head. I need not say to what
that would lead.
Mr.COLLAMER. I wish, in tteat connection,
to ask the gentlemen another question, and that
is, if we preserve the power of transferring ap-
propriations, what is the advantage of specific
appropriations?
Mr. HUNTER. The power of general trans-
fer is not given. The power of transfer is given
only in certain cases under the law. There is
the difference; so that it.still keeps the appropri-
ations specific. Not only that, but it is a power
which the Secretaries exercise sparingly. For
some reason or other, they do not transfer even
where under the law they might do so, but rather
apply for an increase of some specific appropri-
ation which has fallen short, although there is a
balance on another. Consequently, if the gen-
tleman will study the histoiy of the appropria-
tion bills—a veiy diy and uninteresting subject,
I acknowledge—he will find that, wherever we
have these periodical fits of economy, (and I wish
they would become chronic,) amendments are
stuck about in the appropriation bills providing
that the Secretaries may transfer from one head
of expenditure to another: and why ? Hecause
Congress cannot then begin to look into the mat-
ter closely, and they find that, although there is
not enough here, there is an unexpended balance
under another head; and they say, why do not
the Secietancs use that? and, by way of admon-
ishing them to use that, they put in a clause allow-
ing them to transfer from one head to another.
Mr. COLLAMKR. And that defeats the spe-
cific character of the appropriations altogether.
Mr. 1IUNTEII. It docs when the power is
given in general terms, as it is sometimes given;
but, after a while, you iin<l that the pendulum
swings the other way; for I suppose there have
been at leant twenty provisions in legaul to tins
matter, sometimes enlarging, sometimes dimin-
ishing. Sometimes it takes the turn which it
seem;-* about to take now, and you limit the power
of transfer. The whole elfect of that is, that
when you limit the power of transfer, and force
appropriations to be more and more specific, you
appropriate more money. Perhaps you get more
responsibility j butyou certainly appropriate more
money; so that you have to choose between the
two. There is Scylla on the one side, and Cha-
rybdis on the othei. You have to choose between
the two; to act. in inference to the combined con-
siderations of responsibility in the head of the De-
partment on the one hand, and economy on the
other.
Hut, sir, be that as it may, whether I am right
or wrong in these views which I have suggested,
I think 1 cannot be wrong m saying that it is ab-
solutely necessary to leave m the hands of the
War Department the power in relation to con-
tracts for subsistence and transposition which
the law has placed there, and that if we were to
; take it away we should run the risk ofemharrass-
ni£ it more seriously m time-* of emejgonry, or
. el.se we should force if to act agams>t law and with-
| out law, and thus set tin' worst of examples before
the country. 1 hone that the Senate will not,
without consideration, make tins ladical change
in the machinery of our Government. It is a
dangerous thing to depnu from the long-settled
maxims of experience. The Jaw of 1820 was in-
troduced from a sense of necessity; :f was founded
upon the experience of the Government in tune
of war, and 1 have nevT before known an effort
to repeal this particular provision 1 have no
doubt that if the Senate were to do it, the icpoal
would either be a dead letter, or we should expose
ourselves to the most serious embarrassments.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I concur en-
tirely with the Senator from Virginia, in Ins wish
that the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire should not be adopted by the Sen-
ate. We had this whole subject discussed very
fully in the Senate about six years a^o, and some
icforms, as they were thought, were then intro- '
duced. We passed an amendment to the Army !
appropriation bill, which prevented the transfer ]
of funds, fis a general thing, from one branch of I
the service to another. That was the subject of I
debate, as also this clause, in the act of 1820, by i
which the right was reserved to the War Depart-
ment of making contracts without authority of
law, or withoutappropriationsfirst made by Con-
fress for certain branches of the public service.
Veil, sir, as the Senator from "Virginia just now
observed, this provision of the act of 1820 was
founded upon the knowledge which experience
had given to us. It was passed during Mr. Mon-
roe's administration; and the Senate will recol-
lect that he was acting as Secretary of War dur-
ing a considerable portion of the latter part of the
war of 1812, and I presume that those who are
conversant with the affairs of that period must be
aware that Mr. Monroe had to make contracts
for the support of the Army without authority of
law, and to throw himself upon the country for
his justification under the public necessity which
urged him so to do.
In 1820, when Mr. Monroe was President, he
himself, as I have understood, suggested the
amendment in the act of 1820 by which this au-
thoxity was reserved to the War Department, for
very obvious reasons. It is impossible to tell in
advance what the exigencies of the service may
require in regard to the support of the Army. You
cannot tell whether a foreign foe, or a domestic
one, in the shape of wild Indians, may not seize
upon your convoys of provisions. In that case,
if your War Department is not authorized to make
purchases of provisions without a previous ap-
propriation or law authorizing them, your Army
will starve. Their clothing may be required to
be renewed at a time when there is no appropri-
ation for it. So of the covering of the Army—by
which I mean the tents. Besides, it is impossible
to tell how the troops may be directed to move,
and what cost of transportation may necessarily
follow. It is because of the impossibility of un-
derstanding beforehand what these exigencies
may require in this respect, that the authority is
given to the War Department to make these con-
tacts after the manner specified in the act of 1820.
Now, sir, I do not propose to argue this sub-
ject at length, because it seems to me the consid-
i orations are very palpable, and must strike any
1 one who will examine the question; but I will
! suggest to the Senator from New Hampshire, that
; if his object is a substantial, temperate reform, he
1 may accomplish it by an amendment of the law,
| by adding a requirement, by which it shall become
1 the duty of the President, whenever any such
i contract shall be made under the authoiily of the
; sixth section of the act of May 1,1S20, to report
; .specifically all the facts attending the making of
: such contiacts, and the reason and necessity for
, them to Congress. That certainly will make the
; responsibility more direct.
] Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a provision of
j that sort somewhere now. I have seen it.
| Mr. PEARCE. There is a general provision
1 in regaid to all contracts made; but what I sug-
j gest—and I am not aware that there is any such
! provision in the law now—is that there shall be a
j report of the contracts made under authority of
: this section of the act of 1820, that would bring
! the subject immediately, with all the reasons and
i circumstances, to the notice and knowledge of
j Congress. Congress might then see whether this
, authority had been abused or not. 1 admit, sn,
! that it is an authority liable to abuse; but what
; is there that is human, and which is confided as
i everything must be confided, to the discretion of
! some one, which is not liable to abuse? You can-
i not avoid thai liability unless you cut up, root and
i branch, the entiie servicc. I do not think it is ad -
j visabk to repeal this section.
, Mr. SIM MONS. 1 wish to inquire of ihe Sen-
ator from Virginia, who has suggested a change
in the commencement of the fiscal year, at what
1 time the appropriations for the present fiscal year
! were made? Were they not made at theiastses-
! sion?
! Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
| Mr. SIMMONS. When would they have been
made, if the fiscal year had commenced on the 1st
of January, instead of the 1st of July? Would it
not have been at that session?
Air. HUNTER. Under the present fiscal sys-
tem, they must always be made more than a year
ahead. When the fiscal year commenced on the
1st of January, they were never made as much as
a year ahead.
Mr. SIMMONS. Suppose the present fiscal
year, v/hich commenced on the 1st of July, 1*37,
