2710-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
esting considerations which commend this old
man's case to the favorable consideration of Con-
gress, report a bill for his relief.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object,
Mr. SMITH,_ of Virginia. These cases that
we are now calling over, have had a calling since
the first part of the Calendar was called, and I
now submit the motion that we go back and com-
mence at the beginning of the Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are a good
many cases here that have not been called over.
Mr. PALMER. It is perfectly evident that we
will waste time by continuing m committee, as
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] insists
on it that he wiii object to every bill on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not object to
that bill.
Mr. PALMER. There is no use in reading
over these long jreports. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want to say a word.
1 beg to address myself to my friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] who objects to the bill. I
am sure that if he was to consider for a moment
the circumstances of thf t o'i man's case he would
not object. I appeal to him to withdraw his ob-
jection, with the agreement that there shall be a
vote upon it in the House by yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion, if that be ihe agreement.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will make the same agreement in re-
gard to other similar cases. Let them all be put
upon the same footing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to do
so with every one of them. I wish to say here,
to the gentleman from Kentucky,that I know two
gentlemen who were soldiers in the same war of
Wayne, who went from the State of Kentucky.
One of them is a cripple, and has been confined
to the house for years. If we pass laws for some
of these men we ought to make a general law for
them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend will allow
me to say that 1 will go as fur as the farthest for
the purpose of putting these men on the pension
list. The fact that other men who deserve pen-
sions have not received them, ought not to pre-
vent this man getting a pension.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A general law
would include the whole of this class of cases. I
withdraw my objection, wit!) the understanding
that there shall be a vote upon it in the House by
yeas and nays.
The bill was then laid aside to bo reported to
the House, with a recommendation that ir do
pass.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask to have the same rule
applied to all other cases. Let us have the yeas
and nays in the House on all cases that are ob-
jected to.
Mr. HUGHES^ I inquire of the Chair if these
agreements to take the yeas and nays do not re-
quire tlie unanimous consent of the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the committee 1ms no right to make such an
order.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not wish to interfere with
this or any other case, but 1 do object to having
rules made which will require the taking of yeas
and nays in the House, and consume the entire
day.
Mr. PALMER, As T understand that these
objections will not be persisted in, I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the most
sensible and reasonable thing the committee can
do, would be to go to the bills tliatluuc been last
reported to the committee, and that have never
been called over. There are agood many of those
bills that have never been called over at all. Ail
the others have been called; and I think the most
just and reasonable course would be to goto the
part of the Calendar that has never been called
over.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know if there is any question before the
Chair which justifies debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I object to debate.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
JOHN CAMPBELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of John
Campbell.
The bill increases the pension of four dollars
per month, given to John Campbell by special act
of Congress, to eight dollars per month, the in-
crease commencing on the 3d of December, 1855; j
and the Secretary of the Interior is authorized and
required so to place the name of John Campbell
upon the invalid pension roll.
The report shows that John Campbell enlisted
on the 29th March, 1814, in the service of the
United States, and was subsequently wounded in
his right thigh and left arm by a musket ball.
That for said wounds he was placed on the pen-
sion list, by special act of Congress, on the 8th
of August, 1846, at the rate of four dollars per
month; said pension to commence on the 1st Jan-
uary, 1846. Since that time additional evidence
has been filed, showing that said Campbell is now
wholly disabled by reason of the aforesaid wounds.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY BLATTENBERGER.
A bill (H. R. No. 343) granting a pension to \
Mary Blattenberger, widow of John Blattenber- j
gey. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.] j
EDWIN Jtf. CHAFFEE. j
A bill *(II. R- No. 348) for the relief of Edwin j
M. Chaffee. [Objected to by Mr. Currv.] |
R. L. B. CLARKE. 1
A bill (H. R. No. 351) for the relief of R L. !
b. Clarke. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten- !
nessee,] j
ENOCH B. TALCOTT. j
A bill (H. R. No. 352) for the payment of j
extra compensation to Enoch 13 Talcott, for his ;
servicers and expends in recovering Government i
funds embe/./.led by Jacob Richardson. [Objected j
to by Mr. Ll'.iter.] [
Mr. DURFEE. I hope the gentleman from j
Alabama will withdraw his objections to the bill j
for the relief of Mr Chaffee, and let a vote be j
taken on it in the House.
Objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think it is time
for the committee to rise, as f see the sentinel
[Air. Lr.rrF.it] rise at the outposts, and stand there
with his objections. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
NAHUM WARD.
A bill (C. C. No. 27) for the relief of Nahum
Waul.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that that bill be j
laid aside, to be reported to the House, with a .
recommendation that it do not pass. i
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I renew my mo- !
tion that the committee rise. I think the com- ,
mittee is not disposed to do business prupeily. j
The motion was not agreed to.
SAMUEL MILLER. 1
A bill (H. II. No. 354) for the relief of the j
heirs of Captain Samuel Miller. [Objected to by ;
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
WILLIAM EDMONDSTOK.
A bill (H. ft. No. 355) for the relief of the
heirs of William Edmondston. [Objected to by
Mr. Millson.]
ABEL M. BUTLER. j
A bill (H. R. No. 3o7) for the relief of Abel :
M. Butler. i
Mr. COBB. I suggest that that bill be amended ;
so as to restrict the right of entry to lands open
for entry at, the minimum price of $1 25 per acre, 'j
Mr. FENTON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The report, as I j
understand, says that this claim was rejected at i
the Pension Ofiicp because there was no record j
evidence. I know that record evidence is not re- ,|
quired; therefore, I mu?t object. ,j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I renew my mo-
tion that the committee do now rise. We make ,\
just as much progress in this way as in calling
the Calendar. j|
Ths motion was not agreed to. ' i
GEORGE P. MARSH.
An act (S. No, 1) for the relief of George P.
Marsh. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will let this bill go to the House and
have the yeas and nays upon it,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
HANNAH LITTEL.
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of Han-
nah Littel, and for other purposes. [Objected to
by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
JOHN P. BROWJf.
A bill (H. ft. No. 360) for the relief of John P.
Brown. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
WILLIAM RICH.
A bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Wil-
liam Rich.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to William Rich, late
United States secretary of legation in Mexico,
$830, it beins: the difference between the compen-
sation allowed to a secretary of legation and that
to a charged 'affaires, for the period during which
he acted in the latter capacity.
It appears fiom the repoitof the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, that the petitioner was secretary
of legation under the Hon. Robert P. Letcher,
United States Minister at Mexico; that Mr.
Letcher left Mcxico on the 2d of August, 1852,
and his successor, the Hon. Mr. Conkling, pre-
sented his credentials on the 30th of November
ensuing; that, during this interval, a period of
three months and thirty days, the petitioner act-
ed as charge d'affaires, and has only received for
such service the compensation of a secretary of
legation. He asks to be allowed, for the period
above named, the difference between the com-
pensation of a secretary of legation and that of a
charge d'affaires. Letters, one of May 30, 1854,
from Secretary Marcy, and the other of March
6, 1858, from Secretary Cass, sustain the forego-
ing statement of facts. They further show that,
during the interval named, there was no other
accredited representative in Mcxico from this
Government, and that the services of Mr. Rich,
while acting as chatgc d'affaires, were faithful
and important, and, in the opinion of the Depart-
ment, fully entitle him to the compensation
claimed.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rising informally, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Djckins,
its Secretary, infoinnng the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 3-9) for the allotment of lands
to certain New York Indians, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 393) for the relief of William
Money;
An act (S. No. 403) for the relief of George
Steaioy;
An act (S. No. 400) to surrender the stock of
the United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company upon certain conditions to said com-
pany;
An act (S. No. 407) for the relief of Miles Jud-
son, surety on the official bond of the late Purser
Andrew D. Crosby;
An act (S. No. 417) for the relief of Willis A.
Gorman;
An act (S. No. 418) for the relief of Captain J.
B. Montgomery;
An act (S. No. 411) for the relief of Ebenezer
Rickt-r;
An act (S. No. 392) for the relief of the pur-
chasers of public lands within the timber reserve
opposite Fort Kearny, and for the settlers within
the Winnebago agency reservation, and the Fort
Atkinson reservation, all in the State of Iowa;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) for the relief
of General Sylvester Churchill;
An act (H. R. C. C. No. 65) for the relief of
Benjamin L. McAtee and Isaac N. Eastham, of
Louisville, Kentucky;
An act (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of George
W. Biscoe;
