deo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
m.) I move that the House do now adjourn; and
on that I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Illinois, and Savage were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes sixty.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 9G; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ah], Aiidcison, Arnold, A!ki.l-\ Avery,
Bfiiksd;ile, Bowie, Bryan, liutriett, (Jackie, John B. Claik,
Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, James Craie, Bin ton
Craige, Crawioid, Curty, Davis of Dowdell, Ed-
muudson, Florence, Garnett, Gaiuell, Gilli-, Greenwood,
Gregg, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, fluyler, Jackson,
Jewett, J. Glanev Jones, Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy,
Leidy, Letchur,"McQueen, Ihimi>Suey Maishal), Mason, j
Maynard, Miles, Moore, Nibiack, I'helps, Phillips, Powell, ,
Quitman, Ready, Reagan. Ruflin, ltussell, tJavagc, Scales,
Sewaid, Hemy M. Sliaw. Shorter, Sickles, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Tnppo, White, Whiteiey,
Wortendyke, and John V. WruEht—7U.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Rennett, BilUnghuist, '
BmgUam, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Budiuton, Builiiig.une,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, :
Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Coinnis,
Covoile, Cox, Curtis, Davis oi Iowa, Dean, Dewart, Dodd,
En«hsli, Farnswoith, Fenton, Foley, Fot-ici ,Cilman, Gooch, j
Goodwin, Gianger, Glow, LawKiice V\. Hull, KobeitB.
Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams, Ilaskin, Hatch, Hickman, I
Hoard, Howard, Uwen Jones, Kellosg, Kil-ey, Kili>oie, ,
Knapp, John C. Kunfcel, Leach, Leitcr, Lovejoy, -Mont-
eoineiy, .Morgan, Moirill, Edward Joy Moiris, Isaac N.
Slonis, Oliver A. Mo/bC, Mott, i\'ichol , Olin, l'alnicr, Pal- ,
ker, Pettit, Pike, Pottei, Pottle. I'umaiice, R.nlly, Ricnud, i
Bobbins, Robeit^, Rovce, Aaioa Annv. John Slieiinan,
JufNon W. Sheiman, Robert Smith, Spmner, Stanton, |
William Stewait, Tappan, Thauir. Toniplans, Wade,
Walhridge, Walton, CailwaliuU i C. VVa«hbuin, Elhhu B. I
Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—96.
So the House refused to adjourn. i
The question recurred on Mr. Phillips's mo- |
lion to lay 011 the table Mr. Stanton's appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WARREN. 1 was going to remark that
X thought i was rising to a question of privilege.
At any rate I regard this as ilie most appropriate ;
period of tile session to make the motion. I move 1
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chan- thinks that the
motion is not in order
Mr. SEWARD. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already
pending.
Mr. KEITT. I ask to be excused from voting
on the motion to lay the appeal upon the table. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. ICkitt] is iutdly in ordei, as it involves the
very point on which the appeal is taken.
>.Ir. LE1TER. Would it bo in order to move
to excuse all those members from voting?
The SPEAKER, Not upon one motion.
Mr. TR1PPE. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing.
Mr. TR1PPE. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair. Can i be heard 011 the appeal'
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in older. There
is already one appeal from the decision of the
Chan- pending.
Mr. G1LLIS. [sit m oider to make a motion
iw to adjourn till Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The Chan- thir
The SPEAKER. The Chan- thinks not. That
motion is pending, and cannot be reached.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a few remarks.
Air. COX. I object.
Mr. STANTO.Yasked for the yeas and nays
on Mr. Phillips "s motion to lay the appeal on the
table.
The yeas and nays v.-ei-e order—.].
Mr. WARREN'." 1 rise to a q,i..
iie°-o. I am siiieere about it. Would not amotion
to proceed to the businpsf: r,;i tile Private Calen-
dar take precedence of anything else?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WARREN'. Then i desire to ask another
question. I desire to ask v/iiethe.-, aiier the sug-
gestion made over the way, it would not be legit-
imate ft^' this side of the House to decline voting '
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 would inquire if it would be
in order tu take any steps to employ a photog-
rapher or ether competent artist to paipetuate this
scene ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be hardlv in order at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a question involv-
ing very grave interests. I do not wish to vote
on it to"-iught. I therefore move that the House
do now [ten minutes before seven, p. m.] adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I raise the point of order, that
no business has transpired since the House refused
to adjourn.
Tiie SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered since, on the motion to lay the ap-
peal on the table.
Mr. DEAN called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS called for tfeilers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Scales and
Bcffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-seven.
So the yeas and. nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Vnilerson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery. Barks-
dale. Bowie, Biyan, Burnett, Caskic, John B. Claik, Clay,
Clemens, Cliugman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Jamen Craia,
Burton Craigc, Crawioid,Curry, Davis ol Mississippi, Dow-
dell, Ediiiiiiid^on, Florence, Gaitrell, Gilhs, Greenwood,
Gieyt,', Hatch, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
.lev/ett, J. Glanev Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles. Millsoa, Mooic, Nib-
lack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Ciuftman, Ready,
Reagan, Ruthn, Rasr-cll, Savage, Scalcs, Henry INI. Shaw,
Shoiter. Samuel A. Smith, Stallwoith, Stephen". 'Pnppe,
Underwood, VVancn, Watkins, Whiteiey, Woodson, John
V. Wright, and Zolhcofter—74.
iVAYS—Mossis. Abbot, Andrews, Bennett,Bilhnghurst,
Bni hnin, Blair, Bh.-s, Biayton, Buffinton, Builmgame,
Burrousihs,Campbell,Case, Chaffee,Chapman, EziaClark,
Clawson, Clark B. Coclnanc, Cockenll, Coltax, Comins,
Covode, Cox, Curtis, Davis of [niliana, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, I lean, Dewart, Dodd, Dm fee, English, Farnsworth,
Fenton. Folev, Foster, (iihnan, Goncli, Goodwin, Granger,
Glow. Lawicncc W Ifall, Robert B. Hall, Hailan, Thomas
L. llarn-. Hat-kin, Hickman, Hoard, Ilorton, Howaid.Owen
Jone,, KcIIoto, Kelsey, Kilgore, Ivnapp, Leach, Leiter,
Levejov, Melubbm, Montgomery. Mmg.in, Moirill, I'd
want Jov Mmru, Isaac N. Mollis Oliver \ Morse, Mott,
Nichol-, (Mill, Palmer, Paiker. Pettit, Pike, Potter. Pottle,
I'tnvianee, lleilly. liicaud, Robbms, Robort>, ltoyce, Aaion
Shaw, John Sliciinaii, Jml.-.on \V. Shotiirui, Robert Smith,
Spimiei, Stanton. Willi 1111 Stewait, Tappan, Thajer,
Tompkni*. Wade, U'albudne, Wakhon, Walton, Cadwal-
adei (' WaMibunl, F.lll.m ii. Vwelibmic. istael Wasll-
btun, Wilson, and Wood—9lJ.
So the Douse refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. HUGHES stated that Mr. Bishop had re-
quested him to say that his wife was unwell, and
he was therefore absent from the House.
The question then recurred 011 the motion to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. KEITT. I wish at this point to make an
inquiry of the Chair. My inquiry is this: if the
House decides that the gentleman from Virginia
has not a right to ask to be excused do they not
violate the 42d rule? which I ask to have read.
Would not such a decision declare that no mem-
| ber can ask to be excused from voting? I ask
that the 42(1 rule may be read.
The rule was read, as follows:
c< -12. Every member who shall lie in the IIouso when the
question is put shall give his vote, unless the Jlou^e, tor
special reason, shall excise hun. All motions to (wcuse a
membei fiom voting shall be made buibrc the llou  e divides,
i or Ihsioj e tho call <>i the yea< and nays is cotmnoueed ; and
the questions-hall then be taken without lurthei debate.''
Mr. GROW. Can two questions of order be
pending at the .same time ? There is one question
qf order pending upon which the House is now
deciding. I submit that the gentleman from South
Carolina cannot raise another.
Mr. STANTON. I did not understand the
gentleman from South Carolina as making an ad-
ditional point. The ^entlenicin had the lule read
! with referenceto the question already pending,
j The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
I tho gentleman
Mr. KEITT. I rose to make this inquiry-of
the Chair: whether, if the decision of the Chair
was overruled, it would not violate what is the
settled rule and practice of the House, and be
equivalent to a denial of the right of a member to
ask to be excused from voting?
The SPEAKER.. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 150, nays 19; as
follows:
YEA?—Mos-ms. Abbott. Aid, Andrews, Arnold, Atkins,
A-. Derk.-dulc, BillmgiiUftt, Blaii, Bowie,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, Burnett, Burroughs Camp-
bell, Case, Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezia C!aik,.lohn B.
Claik, Clawson, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Claik B. Coclnanc,
John Cochrane, Coekenil, Colfax, Comins, Covode. Cox,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Ciawfoul, Curry, Curtis,'Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawon,
Dean, Dewart, Dowdell, Durlee,Edmundvon, Famsworth,
Fenton, Florence, Foley, Fo^tei, Gaineu, Gartiell, Gdhs,
Gilman. Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood,
Gregg, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Hatch. Hiekman,
Hill? Hoaid, Hopkins, I-iorton, Houston, Howaid, Hughes,
Jackson, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kellogir, Kelly,
Kilgoie, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Leach, Leitor,
I.etcher, Maciay, McKibbin, McQueen, Mason, Mavnard,
Miles, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Mori ill, Edward Joy
Morris. Oliver A.Morse, Mott, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Purvianee,
Quitman. Ready, Reagan, Reiliy, llobbins, Royee, Rufiin,
Russell, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman, Shoiter, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton5 Stephens, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Waldron, Walton, Warren,
Cadwalader C. Washbuin, Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael
Washburn, Watkins, Whiteiey, Wilson, Wood, Worten-
dvke. and John V. Wright—150.
NaYS—Messt s. Bennett, Bliss, Clingman, Dodd, Thomas
L. Harris, flaskm. Owen Jones, Lovejoy, Isaac N. Moms,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Roberts, Robert Smith, Thompson,
Underwood, Wade, and Zollicoft'er—19.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RUFFIN stated, that Mr, Davidson, being
quite unwell, had paired off with Mr. Ritchie.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
excuse Mr. Garnett from voting; upon which
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT, (at twenty minutes before eight
o'clock.) I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to amend that
motion by moving that when the House adjourns
it adjourn until Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, inas-
much as the motion to adjourn over is already
pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to know how long
it will take to have the yeas and nays called upon
all the motions pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
take about four hours. The yeas and nays have
still to be called on seven different propositions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I rise to a question
of privilege. T desire to make a personal expla-
nation. I will be very brief.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean, and
Smith of Tennessee, were appointed.
The House divided; and the toilers reported
fifty-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averv. Bowie. Burnett, Clay, Clemens,
Cobb, John Cochiane, 'Burton Craig<\ Ciawt'ord, Curry,
Dowdell, Floienee. Garnett, Gattrcli, Giili?, Goodtj,Giegg,
Hatch. Hopkins, Houston. Hushes, Huyler, Jackson, Jew-
ett, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly. JacobM. Kunkel, Leidy,
Letchei, Maciay, McQueen, Mason, Maynard, Miilson,
Moore, Niblaek, Phelps, Phillips, Quitman, Roady, Reagan,
1 Ruffin, Russell, Scales, Sewaid, Henry M. Shaw, Shoiter,
; Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth, Tifppe, Warren,
> Watki.i*, White, Whiteiey, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
! coflei—5H.
j NAYS—Me^rs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett. Bilhnghurst,
, Bmuharn, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffmton, Builingame,
! Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
! Clawson, Claik B. Cochiane, Cockenll, Coltax, Conuns,
1 Covode, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Ma^achu^etts,
: Davp ot Iowa, Dawes, Dean. Dewart, Dodd, Duifce, Eng-
< hsh, Farn«worth, Fenton, Foley. Foster, Gilman. Gooch,
1 Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Robeit B. Hall, Hailan.Thomas
Ii. ilaiiis, Haskm, Hickman, Hoard, Ilorton, Howaid,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kilgoie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
i Leneb, T.euer. Lovejov, McKibbin, Montgomery, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy xMoiri- \ Isaac N. Morns, Fieeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. M"orse, Mott, JVicimls, Olin, Palmer. Pai-
ker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottlo, Puivianee, lleilly, Rieaud,
Robbing Roberts, Royee. Aaron Shaw, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman. Robeit Smith, Spinner, Wilham
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins., Wade, Wa)bridge,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwa'ader C- Washburn, Elhhu B.
Wa&liburne, fsrael Washbuin, Wilson, Wood, and Woi-
tend>ke—S3.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Kelsey, being
unwell, had paired off with Mr. Underwood.
Mr. COX stated that he had paired off with
Mr. CiiAtG, of Missouri. . . .
Mr. DICK stated that he had paired on with
Mr. Hawkims.
The question again recurred on excusing Mr.
Garnett from voting.
