271%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
that the Senate had passed bills of the House of
the following titles:
An act (No. 570) for the relief of Lieutenant
Loomis L. Langdon;
- An act (No. 571) for the relief of David Mc-
Clure, administrator of Joseph McClure, de-
ceased;
An act (No. 533) for the relief of Shove Chase,
of New York; and
An act (No. 486) for the relief of Alonzo and
Elbridge G. Colby; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had postponed indefinitely
a bill of the House (No. 254) for the relief of
William Hutchenson.
The House proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
previous question upon all the bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want a separate
vote upon two or three of these bills, and I un-
derstand that the yeas and nays are to be taken
upon House bills Nos. 361 and 365.
Mr-TBOWIE. I think the bill ofthellouse (No.
364) for the relief of Mary B. Dusenbery was laid
aside to he reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I objected 1
to that bill. |
Mr. UNDERAVOOD. I wjsIi to give the gen- j
tleman the benefit of my record. I have kept a |
record of the bills which have been laid aside; I j
marked this bill as objected to. The gentleman j
objecting then, I think, withdrew his objection; |
and I have marked the bill as being laid aside, to i
be reported to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the bill being reported to the House if we
can have the yeas and nays upon it
Mr. ELLIOTT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. And! hope, ;
at the same time, the gentleman from Virginia i
[Mr. Smith] will withdraw his objection to bills ,
(No. 84 and No. 85) for the relief of Ferdinand i
Coxe, and for the relief of Peter Parker. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well. I will j
withdraw my objection, unconditionally, to the I
bills which have been named; but, at the same |
time, 1 hope House bill (No. 325) for the relief of !
the legal representatives of Gtistavus I lorncr, de-
ceased, will be, by unanimous consent, reported
to the House.
Mr. KAItKSDALE. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand j
that unanimous consent has been given to allow ]
bills of the 1 louse Nos. 3G3, 84, and 85, to be re-
ported to the House ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he had
better take the report of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole as it comes to the House. j
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Very well. I
Let us dispose of the bills reported, and the others
uin come up afterwards. !
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to j
discharging the Committee of the W bole 1 louse ;
fiom the further consideration of House bill No. !
3G3? j
Mr. MORGAN. I want the business of the i
House to proceed regularly. I
NAI1UM WARD. j
A bill (C. C. No. 27) for the relief of Nahum
Ward.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
House have repotted that bill, with the recom-
nu ndation that it do not pass.
The re'poit of the Committee of the Whole
House was concurred in, and the bill was icjeoted
Mr. MA YNAIiD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN CAMPBELL, WILLIAM RICH.
A bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of John
Campbell.
A bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Wil-
liam Rich.
The SPEAKER stated that the bills were re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House,
with the recommendation that they do pass.
The bills were severally ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and being engrossed, they
were accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELLIOTT moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN HARRIS.
A bill (No. 341) for the relief of John Harris,
of Warren county, Kentucky.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been
reported from the Committee of the Whole
House, with the recommendation thatitdo pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The only claim in
this bill is that this gentleman was a soldier in the
Indian war, under General Wayne, about 1793
or 1794. There is no general law pioviding for
a service pension at that time. For that reason,
I object to it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If there ever was a mcr-
itoiious claim, it is this. This man was wounded
in the service.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was he permanently dis-
abled ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Pie was wounded, I be-
lieve, in the head, and in actual battle. He is
ninety years of age. From affluence, he has been
reduced to want. His case has merit m it, and I
hope that it will be passed.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 8; as follows:
YBAS — Messrs. Andorra, Andrews, Arnold, Atkins,
Avcny, Barksdalo, Bingham, Blair, Bowie, Biavton, Hurtm-
ton, Bunieit, Case, t.'avkie, Cavauauirh, Chalfee, lO/.ia
('link, John B. (Maik, Cluw^on, (.'lav, Cobb, Clai k B. Coch-
ia e, John (Joehtane, C'olfav, Comms, (-oining, <Jo\, Cia
gin, JiiiiK", Citiig, Cmtie, Davidson, Davit* of Maryland,
l)avi>< of Indiana, Davis of Alt-Mssippi, Davis of Ma^achn
vctis, Dean, Dodd, Durtee, Edie, Elliott, Eti*ti>, Ecnion,
Floienee, Foley, (Hamuli, Gilman, Gilmer, Goodi, (Jood-
win, (iregu, CiroeUieek, Grow, Thomas L. Ilarns, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Morton, Ilowanl, Iluyler, Jackson, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kel-?ey, Knupp, John C. Kunkel,
Laimu, Lcitei, Lovi-jov, Humphrey Matt-ha.ll, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maynaid, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, F.d-
waid Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,Molt,
Muriavi Nifolack, NichoN, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, William IV 'Phelps, Phillip*, Potter, Purvianee, Ready,
Keillv, Bitehie, Roblmis, Roberts, Kovcc, Russell, Shot tor,
SioUes, Singleton, Robot t Smith, spinner, Stanton, Ste-
ven-on, T.iibot, (ieoige Tavlor, Thin er, Tompkni*, Trippe,
I rmk'i wood. Wade. VValhiidge. Walion, Elidm B. \V;bh-
huine, Israel Washburn, White, Whiii'lev, Wilson, Wood-
son, Wortendvkc, and Augustus R Wnght—
NA VS—Mesn* Clemens, Cmi \\ Geoi W Jimes, Quit-
man, Ruflin, Scales, Homy M. Shaw, and William Smith
—8.
So the bill was passed.
On motion, the reading of the list, after the call
had been gone through, was dispensed with.
JEREMIAH WRIGHT.
A bill (II. R. No. 3G5) granting a pension to
Jeremiah Wright.
Mr. KELSEY. The bill only proposes to pay
this man a pension from 1324 to 1828. In 1824
his leg was amputated in consequence of the in-
juiy he received in the service m 1814. It was
not until 1828, four years after his leg was am-
putated, that his name was placed upon the pen-
sion roll. The committee have reported that ho
shall receive thoee four yeais of pension, and I
hope that it will pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The general law
of the country, granting invalid pensions, pro-
i vides for such pensions according to the degree
! of disability. The law pi ovides a half-pay pen-
; sion not to exceed the half pay of a lieutenant
, colonel, if the claimant proves that he is totally
! disabled from making a living by manual labor;
■ and for any degree less than a total disability a
: pension as the degree jf disability is to the full-
| pay pension. And the law is, that his pension,
when he has established his light to it, shall com-
j nicnee from the time that he proved and (.Utah-
; lished his disability, and that it is not to go back
] to the time that tin: disability is alleged to have
; occurred—that it shall commence at the time of
! its allowance, and continue for his kfe. This gen-
I tleman applied and established Ins disability, and
! consequently his right to a pension, in 1828, and
I he was then put upon the pension roll at a full
disability pension. This bill proposes to go back
and give him a full pension from 1824, the time
it is alleged that the disability occurred, up to
the time that he established his right to a pension '
and was placed upon the pension roll.
It is a strong case, I admit; and I would have
no objection in the world to the law providing in
all cases that, in all cases where the party had lost
a limb it should be regarded as a full disability;
but we cannot disguise from ourselves the fact that
there are gentlemen throughout the country upon
the pension roll who have sustained but little dis-
ability or injury from the wound for which they
are pensioned. This is one of the strong cases
which .comes here as a pioneer case, and will here-
after be used as a precedent why we should take
up these pension lawsandgobackandgiveevery
man, who has been placed upon the invalid pen-
sion roll in consequence of injuries received in the
war of 1812, a pension from that war. The law
was passed upon the principle that, whenever any
person wasinjured,thc pensionshould commence
from the time-that the disability was proved, and
therefore I am not for opening all this class of
cases, and hope this bill will be rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions reported this case upon the facts stated
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kel-
sey.] They allow this man a full-pay pension
from 1824 to 1828, to which he is undoubtedly
entitled. If the committee had thought that it
would be an unjust precedent, they would not
have reported the bill; but there are precedents
for the bill filed upon the statute-book. His case
appealed to their sympathy and justice, and it
was unanimously agreed to.
Further than that, I will take occasion to say
that there is a difference of opinion as to the fact
whether there is a law or not, whether the law of
1801 does not provide that pensions shall begin at
the lime of the disability, and not at the time the
proof is peifccted. I have submitted a bill ap-
pealing to the justice and fairness of members, and
1 hope that it will pass. It is a bill providing for
the equalization of Army, Navy, and marine pen-
sions. This old man deserves this four years' pen-
sion, and I hope that it will be given to him. I
demand the previous question.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had
I approved and signed a joint lesolution, and bills
of the following titles:
A joint resolution authorizing the arrangement
and disposal of public buildings in the city of
Philadelphia;
An act for the relief of D 0. Dickinson;
An act declaring the title to land warrants in
certain cases;
An act tor the relief of S. W. & A. A. Turner;
and
An act to continue the pension heretofore paid
to MaryC. Hamilton, widow of Captain Fowler
j Hamilton, late of the United States Army.
j ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
I Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions of
the following titles:
An act (R. R. No 203) for the relief of George
W. Biscotr,
An act (H R. No. 334) for the relief of Sim-
eon Stcdman;
An act (i-I R. No. 335) for the relief of Susan-
nah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman;
An act (H. R. No. 344) lor the relief of Cap-
tain Stanton Sholes;
An act (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Joseph
Webb;
An act (H. R. No.169) making appropriations
for the payment of cleiks employed in the offices
of the lcgi&ters of the land offices at Oregon City
and Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon;
An act (H. R. No. 256) for the relief of Oliver
P. Hovey;
An act (H. R. No. 332) for the relief of Rich-
ard B. Alexander;
An act (H. R. No. 455) for the relief of Mica-
jah Brooks;
An act(H. R. No. 490) for the relief of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming;
