602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Mot?, Nichols, Ohn, Pnlmer, Parker, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purvmnee, RoiHy, Rohhms, Roberts, Royce, Aaron
Bhaw,Jnhn Sherman,Jud-on W.Sherman, Robert Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tnppan, Thayer. Tomp-
kin-j Wade, Wulbiidge, VValchon, Wakon, CadwaladerC.
Wa-hlmrn, Elhhu l!>. YVa hbume, Israel Washburn, Wil-
son, aud Wood—98.
-No quorum voting.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move a call of the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire of the Chair
whether there is not such a motion now pending?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Bocgck in the chair.)
There is.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the Chair entertain an-
other motion ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He will.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. We have that power
under the Constitution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
read a clause of the Constitution which, of itself,
will be a sufficient reason for the decision of the
Chair:
" Each House shall be the judge of the Sections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majouty of
each -hall constitute a qumum to do business ; bat a smaller
number may adjourn fiom day to day, and may be author-
ized to compel the attendance ofabsent member*, in such
manner and under such penalties as each House may pro-
vide."
The rule of the House is:
" No member shall absent himself from the service of the
Itou-e unless he have leave, or be sick, or unable to at-
tend."
The House will see that in the complication of
motions which now exist, if there was not the
power to call the House, and a majority of mem-
bers shoukl choose to absent themselves, when
we meet to-morrow the same complication of mo-
tions would exist, and if there was no motion to
call the House, the members who mi<;ht be in at-
tendance would lose iheir constitutional right to
compel the attendance of absentees. The Con-
stitution gives the right over and above the rules
of the House. The Chair will entertain the mo-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS, of .Illinois. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. COM1NS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to be excused from
voting upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Forthesame reason
that the Chair has given—the right of a majority
to compel the attendance of absent members—I
hold that, under the present state of the case, a
motion to adjourn is not in order, for it tends to
defeat that right.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chuir over-
rules the point of order, because the Constitution
gives the majority the right to adjourn or to com-
pel the attendance of absent members as they may
think proper.
Mr, SAVAGE. I move to be excused from
voting upon the motion to adjourn.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
not entertain the motion; because there is not a
quorum present, and less than a quorum cannot
excuse a member.
Mr. WARREN. I desire, before the question
is put, to propound a question. In the cventthat
a quorum should not vote on the motion to ad-
journ, what will be the result?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the House vote
not to adjourn, the question will recur on the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas ]5, nays 9G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bowie, Caskie, Edmundson, Goode,
Gregg, Houston, Hushes, Jenkins, Jewett, Kelly, Letcher,
Niblack, Phillips, and Henry M. Shaw—15.
NAYS—Mc&srs. Abbott, Andrews, Dennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair. Bliss, Biaytou, Buffimon, Burhngame. Bur-
roughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clajk,
Cl.iWMm, Chuk B. Cochrane, Coekeiill, Colfax, Comuw,
Covodo, Cox, Curtis, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Foley, Foster, Giiman, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Groes-
beck, Grow, Lawrence W. [fall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
ThomasL. Harris, IIa<kin, Hickman, Hoard, Hoi ton. How
ard, Owen Joue<, Kellogg, Ktlgore, Knapp, Leach, Leiter.
Lovejoy, McKihbm, Montgomery, Morgan, Edward Joy
Mortis, Isaac N Moin«, Freeman H. Morse. Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Nichols, Oitn, Palmer. Parker. Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Reilly, R->bbms, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Wade, Waibiidge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalarier C.
Washburn, EUihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wil-
son, and Wood—86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House, on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to propound aques-
to the Chair. If a call of the House be refused,
what will be done then ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
decide that question when a call of the House is
refused.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to appeal to the opposition
members here to give up their factious opposition,
and allow us to come to a vote on the question.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 142, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, Ar-
nold, Atkins, Avery, Baiksdale. Bennett, Billinghuist, Bing
ham,Bishop, Blair, Bliss,Bowie, Boyce, Biayton, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Burroughs, Campbell, Ca&e, Caskie, Chaffee,
Ezra Claik, Clawson, Clay, Clemen^, Cobb, Clark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Ciaige, Crawford, Cuius, Davis
of Indiana, Davia of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dcwarr, Dick,
Diinmiok,Dodd, Durfee, Elliott, English, Fenton, Florence,
Foley, Foster, Gaitrell, Gillis. Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Lawrence XV. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Ilai-
lan, Thomas L Harris, Hickman, Hoard. Hortoa, Howard,
Hughes, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkcl, Lamar, Landy. Leach, Leiter,
Lovejov, MeUueen. Maynard. Miles, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, I^aae N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Ntblack, Nichols. Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potior, Pottle, Purviance,
Quitman, lleiily, Bobbin*, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin, Russell,
Sc-oit, Seward, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W.
Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Siniih, Spinner Stall worth, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe,
Wade, Waldion, Waiion, Warren, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bum, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms,
Wilson, Wood, Woitendyke, and John V. Wiight—MQ.
NAVS—Mes-is. Chngman, Edmundson. Goode, Gregg,
Groe-l.eck, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston. Hurler, Jackson,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkcl, Maclav, MeKtbbin, Mason, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Peyton, and Scales—19.
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to move a re-
consideration of that vote?
Mr. WARREN. I apprehend that a motion
to adjourn is tn order now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in order.
[Cries of " No! No!" and " Let us have a
culi."J
Mr. WARREN, (at half past eleven o'clock,
p. m.) I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARREN. At the suggestion of my
friends, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Mouse to make a few remarks.
[Loud cries of " Go on!" and "Leave!"
" Leave!"]
Mr. DEAN. I object.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adraui, Bonham, Branch, Burnett, Caruthers,
Caskio, Iloiaco F. Chuk, Coming, Ciagin, Cuuv. Damrell,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mnsi-.>ippi, Davis
of Massachusetts, Edte, Eiisti-, Farnswortli, Gidihngs, Gil-
mer, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris. Jenkm-, Geoiire W.
Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, Landv, Lawrence, Letcher.
Humphrey Marshall. S.unuel S. Marshall, M'itteson, Miller',
Million, Munay, Olin, lVtut, R^adj, Reagan, Ricaud,
Rnehio. Sandidse. Savage, Seaunsr, Slioi ter, William Smith,
Talbot, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Underwood, Ward, War-
ren, Israel Washburn, Woodson, Augustus R. Wright, and
Zolhcotier.
Pcndms: the cull of the roll,
Mr. SEWARD stated that Mr. Curry had
paired o(T with Mr. Morris, of Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that Mr. Farnsworth
was sick.
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Lawrence, who had left the city to at-
tend the funeral of a relative at Hagerstown, Ma-
ryland.
Mr. WINSLOW said: Some time ago I was
called out of the House on business, and Mr. Gjd-
I .dings was kind enough to pair off with me. He
I has not returned,and I am not, therefore, at lib-
| erty to vote; but on this call I am bound to answer
! to my name.
i The roll having been called through, the Speak-
er pro tempore stated that the Clerk would now
proceed to call the names of the absentees.
Mr. WARREN, (at a quarter before twelve
o'clock.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask if I am recorded as
present ?
Mr. BUFFINTON. I demand the yeas and
navs on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Is the motion to
adjourn in order, pending the execution of the or-
der of the House?
The SPEAXCER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that the motion to adjourn is in order
at any time when anything has intervened since a
former motion to adjourn.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* There is a point
of order already pending.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to respond to my
name.
Mr. SAVAGE. 1 rose and addressed the Chair
and asked to have my name called before the gen-
tleman from Arkansas made the motion to ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is aware that, under the rules of the House, a gen-
tleman who was not in at the first call is not at
liberty to have his name recorded until the second
call.
Mr. SAVAGE. It has been the custom of the
House to allow gentlemen to record their names
at the end of the call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Tennessee is mistaken. The usual plan is
to call the names of the absentees, and then gen-
tlemen who have not responded at the first call
have an opportunity to record their names.
Mr. SAVAGE. I want to know if the Cletk
has recorded my name ? I was presentall the time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I ask if my name is recorded ?
If not, I claim the right to respond.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempme. The gentleman
from North Carolina is aware that that motion
cannot be carried without a quorum; and on the
last vote there was no quorum.
Mr. WINSLOW. There may be a quorum
here now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Besides that,
there is a motion now pending that the House
adjourn till Monday.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know if my name
is recorded as responding to the call or not ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The name of the
gentleman is not recorded.
Mr. BURNETT. I was within the bar, and
answered.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to have my name re-
corded. I was present.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will state his point of order.
Mr, GROW. My point of order is this: tho
roll having been called, and another motion sub-
mitted, and the yeas and nays ordered upon it, it
is not in order to go back and inquire about a vote
taken some time since.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
already decided that the motion to adjourn is in
order, business having intervened since a motion
to adjourn was voted on.
Mr. GROW. The Chair misunderstands my
point of order. A motion has been made to ad-
journ, and the yeas and nays have been ordered
on it; and now gentlemen rise to inquire if their
names are recorded on a preceding vote. I hold
that that is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not strictly
in order.
The Speaker at this point resumed the chair.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, the
question being on Mr. Warren's motion to ad-
journ; and Mr. Abbott answered to his name.
Mr. WARREN. I rose before there was a
response, my object being to withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I object to any interruption of
the roll-call.
[Loud cries of u Call the roll."]
