1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 20,
vious notice whatever, arid without calling on j
Congress in any way to notice the fact. |
Now, sir, I impute no wrong intention to the *
Secretary of War or to these people—that is to
say, nothing in the detail. They are wrong in the
very start, in my judgment, in reference to this
expedition to Utah; but in the detail, I presume,
because I take the most charitable construction,
that they really did not know what the law was.
The truth is, that our officials have been in the
habit so long of going on just as they pleased in
reference to money matters that they do not now
much trouble themselves to inquire what the law
is. I say, sir, that my attention has been called
to this matter in reference to some amendment
necessary to be made, and I have drafted one. I
am not certain thatit is perfect by any means; but
1 will send it to the Clerk's desk in order that it
may be read, that the Senate may see how far I
propose to go.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, aa
follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no pan of the amount ap-
propriated by this act for the servicc ot any one iKcal year
shall be used for, or applied to. the s-emoo oi any other
year, nor be tiansfeiicd to, or u ed foi, any other branch of
cxponditmc than that tor winch it h --pec iheally appropi i-
nted ; and no contract foi At my Mipphe-', or s-ei vice of any
description, shall lm hcreaftci made dunng the bu^iiui of
Congress, except under a law autlioii/.nm the -aiue, oi under
an appropriation adequate to its. fulfillment; not shall any
such be made hereafter,at anv tune, without pievious pub-
he advertisement (or proposals ie peetiug the mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is substantially re-
enacting one oi two provisions already in tlu- law,
but which have been inserted in appropriation
bills heretofore,and might possibly be considered
as not operative at the present time. The provis-
ion resulting the Secretaries from making any
contract whatever during the session of Congress,
in advance of supplies, is new. I drew U yester-
day; and I am very glad that my friend ft ons Rhode
Island seems to entertain the same opinion I do
upon that subject. It was as far (wiili the re-
flection I had been able to give to (lie subject of
restricting this power to make contracts, consid-
ering the great extent of our country, and the
duties the Army has to perform, and the contin-
gencies* that may arise) as I luwl deemed it safe to
go. Peihaps lam in error; certainly 1 have no
particular attachment to the provision that would
induce me to stand to that, in the place of a bet-
ter one.
The first provision of the amendment I have
suggested, preventing the application of money
which is voted for one year to the seiviee of an-
other,! believe to be exceedingly necessary. Now
it is sometimes the case that the Government un-
dertakes, when it finds a balance in its hands, to
misappiopi into it—to appropriate it contrary to the
directions of Congress. We have had a striking
instance of this shown in a document which i
have before me, and in a communication made to
the othet House which 1 saw ni the newspapers.
The Inst Congress expiessly iuIumhI tonppropii-
ate money for the set vice of a pai ticuhu yc.u in
the Tumtory of Ivans. .<, to pay the Terntorinl
Legislature. Wo find, however, by the return?
of the expenditures, that $10,000 or $l.~>,00() has
been paid for that pin pose. The question arose,
where was the money obtained 5 and m response
to a call upon hun, (he >$cci clary of the Tieasui y
states, without a won! of apology or explanation,
that the money had been taken Qom a previous
appropriation, an appioprmtion for a pieceding
yem^wiiich was on hand, and thus persons weie
paid whom Congress had expiessly lefused to
pay. I give that as an illustration. Congress
might have been wrung and unreasonable in that
particular instance; but if the Secretary of the
Treasury can use his own discretion in one case,
ho may use it m another, if he may undertake
t<> say that Congress is wrong in a particular m-
Mance, and that he will appropriate money for
paying what they say ought not to be paid and
what they refuse to pay,fromfundsin his hands,
j i is a power that becomes exceedingly dangerous
in its use and exerci&c. He may do it at any time,
and any unused balances that he may find on hand
iic may appropriate at Ins discretion. There is a
similar provision which was drafted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance in one of the
appropriation bills, and I believe it was really in
existence at the time this appropriation was made.
Now, Mr. President, there ore several objections
to this bill, and I may as \\tll, perhaps,'btate at
o{ Ih
Hi), !
this time what I propose in regard to it. The
great objection to the bill is really that it seeks to
accomplish, by indirection, a purpose which has
never been authorized by Congress, and which
was undertaken by the Administration, in my
judgment, without any proper authority. I have
made an effort to analyze the bill, and it is almost
impossible to make any analysis of it, and to find
whatpropcrly belongs to one yearand what prop-
erly belongs to another; what should properly be
appropriated and what should not be appropri-
ated*, but yet 1 have succeeded partially, so far at
any rate as to be able to draft an amendment which
will express the idea I entertain about it. I send
that amendment to the desk, and ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, which
is to strike out all the appropriations contained in
the bill between line thirty on page 2 and line one
hundred and eighteen on page 6, being the appro-
priations for the Army, and to insert:
To supply a deficiency of appiopnations for the regular
supplies of the qnaiterriroster's department, m the year
ending June 30, 1857, $2-,9,377 .07.
To supply <i deficiency of appioprmtions for the incidental
expenses of the (piarteirnaMer's department, m the year
ending June 30, 1857, $1-29,860 20.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for the transpor-
tation of noops and bupphetj in the year ending June «*H),
16T>7,fc7r>l,'l87 I.").
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for barracks aud
quaiters in the year ending June 30,18o7, ,5f>7,9.">4 30.
To supply a deficiency of appiopriations loi the regular
supplies, of the quartei master's department in the year end-
ing June 30, $300,0(10.
To supply a deficoncv of appropriations for incidental ex-
penses ot the quaifeimaster's department m theyeai ending
June 30, .vtfO.OUU.
To Mjpp|\ .i deficiency of appiopt i.itmnr* for the transpoi-
tation of 11oops and supplier m ilie year ending June 30,
iWS,
To Mipply a deficiency of apmopnations for constructing
binraek.-t and oilier exported incident to the i-ome, ami to
qua11ei s foi the 11 oops, and to .-loiehou^e- lor the ^ate- keep
ui'i ol mihtaij -toies during the je.ir ending June 30, ItOS,
pniy .i deiieieney of appiopriations for the pin chase
•v nece^jii v Jo he pui chafed m the \eai ending June
. lot the two ieguneiiN ot diau'ooiM, the two iegi
rn« tits ot eavuliv, the le-rim-nt of mounted iitlenien, iho
companies of light ai I diet v. aud sir ii ril mlrv a- i' may he
found necessary to mount at ihe hontiei pn-t-.,
To Mipph a deiieieney of appiopihttioit-- foi suh-i-M< nee
in kind necc^arv to he pioeured in the year ending June
30, IS.')*, dolhu*.
Mr. FEKSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest that it
has been stated to me the Senator from Maine is
willing that the vote shall bo taken on the amend-
ment offcied by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and then it will be m order for him to offer
his amendments.
Mr. FESSFNT3EN. That suggestion was mad^
to me and 1 s.nd it was of no sort of consequence
to me whether I wenton now or allowed the vote
to be taken on the amendment of my fuend from
Ni '\V Hampshire.
Mr. STUART, I made the suggestion. It
seems to me that it would be heller to take the
sense of the Senate at this tune on the emrndment
proposed by the Senator fiom New TTanipsh.ire,
and therefore, I suggested to the Senator from
Maine that if it matle no difference to the course
of iiis remarks, (and 1 understood fiom him that
it did not,) it would be better to allow that to be
acted upon. I hope the Senate will vote on that
question now.
The PUUSIOINU OFFICER, ("Mr. Mvsowin
the chair.) The pending question is iho Amend-
ment of the Senator fiom New 1 lamp-hue, [Mr.
1 IA1.I,.]
Mr. GREEN. I hope the amendment offered
by the Senator from Now Hampshire will be
voted down. T do not think we ouirht to intro-
duce anything that would have a tendency to em-
barrass the nublic administration of the Army and
Navy, and 1 really think it would have that tend-
ency. Now, I have seen nothing in the conduct
of the Secretaries at the head of these Departments
to justify any suspicion of their honesty or their
integrity; and I believe, there must hr, there ought
to be, a discretionary power left somewhere to sup-
ply the wants of the Army and the Navy. As was
well explained by the Senator from Maryland,
this provision of law was made in 1820, under
the advice of President Monroe, who, having been
Secretary of War and Secretary of State, and hav-
ing had much to do with the administration of
public affairs, saw the necessity of something like
it. Even if Congress were in session, we could
not always get the bills through to meet the wants
of the Army and Navy, and it might drive the
Secretaries either to disband the Army or lay the
Navy up in ordinary. I believe this power to be
a necessary means of keeping up the efficiency
of the public service, and therefore I shall vote
against this amendment.
Mr. HALE. In accordance with the suggestion
of some friends around me, I will- modify my
amendment, though I shall not like it so well my-
self after it is modified. I propose, after the word
" fulfillment," to insert:
Exccpt in time of war with a foreign nation.
So as to make it read:
Sue. 4. Andbeitfurther enacted, That no contract shall
hereafter be made by any officer or agent of the Govern-
ment, except under a law authonzmg the same, or under an
appropi lation adequate to its fulfillment, except in tune of
war with a foreign nation ; and the sixth section of the act
entitled " An act in addition to the several acts for the es-
tablishment and regulation of the Ticasury, War, and Navy
Departments," approved May 1, 1800, be, and the same is
heieby, repealed.
1 say u war with aforeign nation" so as to ex-
clude these so-called Indian wars.
Mr. POLK. Does the Senator provide for cases
of insurrection and rebellion?
Mr. HALE. I do not believe we shall ever
have any.
Mr. POLK. I only want to know whether the
Senator has provided for them.
Mr. IIALE. I have made no provision for
them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30; as follows:
YfiAS—We^r-. Tiioderiek, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamer, Ciittendcn, Divon, Doohttle, Foot, Hale, Ham-
lin. Hailan, Houston, Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Pugh,
Sewaid, Simmons*, Timnhitll, Wade, and Wilson—521.
NAYS—Allen, JJajaid, Bell, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bi'.'ier, Buyht. Blown, Clay, f<!vans, Fitch. Fit/.patifck,
(iieen, (iu in. Hammond, Hunfei. 1 v ei>on. Johnson of Ai-
|. .nt-.H lone-. Kennedv, .Mason, I'eaiee, Polk, Sebastian,
Slide!!. Stuart. Thomson ol New Jersey, Toomb.-, Wright,
and \ ulee— JO.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now propose this amend-
ment as an additional section, and ask for the yeas
and nays upon it:
Sfc. 4. tfnrf he it further enactcd, That no part of the
amount appropi ia:< d by this act for the seivicc of any one
fi-ea! \e.tr, -hall he med for or applied to the service of any
othei \eai. nor be tran-l erred to or used foi any other branch
of e\pendiune than that for winch it is specifically appro-
pi iated ; and no emit tact for Army supplies; or service of any
de.sciiption ?.hall in; hereaiter madoduting the session of
(,'onme-.:-, except under a law amhou/.nig the same, or under
an appropriation ad< quale to it* fulfillment; noi i-hall any
Mich eontiaet he made heicaOer. at any time, without pre-
vious public advertisement lor proposals respecting the
same.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr- IIOUSTON. I propose to amend the
amendment, by adding to it:
To he given at lea^t sixty days befoie making the contract,
in three newspapers punted in the city of Washington.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, it proposes that
no part of the money appropriated in this bill shall
be used in any other fiscal year than this.
Mr. FESSENOEN. Itsayn that no part of the
money appropriated in tins hill for any one fiscal
year, shall be used in another fiscal year.
Mr. HUNTER. That is imposing a limitation
upon the use of appropriations, which is certainly
contrary to the usage and the experience of this
Government from, I believe, 171)5 up to this time.
It is a matter of law that appropriations, when
once made, shall bo subject to the uses of the Gov-
ernment for two yenrs. They endure for that pe-
riod of time, according to the law and usage of
the Government. After that they go to the sur-
plus fund, and can no linger be used by a Depart-
ment.
Now, sir, there is a manifest reason for this. You
make an appropriation for one fiscal year, and it
may be that the expenditures within that fiscal year
are nut known ana not audited until the next year,
and especially is this the ease in a country so large
as ours. According to this amendment, however,
although the expenditures were made in the fiscal
year for which the appropriations were made, yet,
insomuch as they were not known and not audit-
ed, the accounts not coming in until afterwards,
the money thus appropriated could not Be applied
to these expenditures. That is not all. There
would be a great inconvenience to the Depart-
ments if they could not use an appropriation dur-
ing the period of two years. The surplus for ons
