1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
The call of the roll was then completed; and the
question was decided in the negative—yeas 76,
mxyp 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold. Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Bryan, Burnett, Ca^kie,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clmgmau, Cobb, James Craig, Burton
Ciaiirc, Davi-s of Mississippi, Dimunek, Dowdell, Edmund-
sou, Eihofi, Faulkner, Florence, Gairiett. Gat troll, Goode,
G.e-ig, Hatch. Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Keitt,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leicher, Maclay,
McQ.u<*en, Miu-on, Mavuatd. Mile-.Mooie, Niblaek.Pc.vton,
Plielp*, Phillips Powell, Clmttnaii, Ruffin, Ru«ell, Scales,
Scott, Sewatd, Heiny M Shaw, Sickles, Singleton. Samuel
A. Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson, Tnppe, War-
ren, White, Whiteley, Woitendvke,and John V. Wright—
76.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bliss, Bravton, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Clni k,Claw on,Chuk B Cochrane, Cock-
eriH, Colfax, Comnis, Cox, Crawford, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dodd, Dur-
fec, English, Fcnton. Foley, Foster, Gthnan, Gooch, Good-
win, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence VV. Ilail, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haskm, Hickman,
Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kilgoie,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, McKib-
bin, Montgomery, Moigan, Mortill, Edward Joy Morns,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Nichols, Olin, Palmer. Paiker, Pendleton, Pike, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Purviance, Robbins. Roberts. Rovce, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Jud*on W. Sherman, Robert Snnrh,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waidron, Walton, Cadvval-
aderC. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wilson, and Wood—102.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The House then continued the execution of its
order. The absentees were called over, and the
doors closed.
The absentees were then called for excuses, as
follows:
Garnett B. Adrain*. No excuse offered.
Milledge L. Boniiam.
Mr. MILES. My colleague is at home on ac-
count of severe indisposition. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Lawrence O'B. Branch.
Mr. WINSLOW. My colleague is indisposed.
He might have been here at some prejudice to his
health; but he has paired off with Mr. Cragin,
and gone home. 1 move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Samuel Caruthers. Excused under the rule. |
Horace F. Clark. j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My colleague was i
called home by important business. 1 move that
he be excused.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope no man will be ex-
cused on account of business. *
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. I understand that
the gentleman from New York is represented as
being out of town. I believe the practice of the
House has never gone so far as to send for mem-
bers who are out of town. The fact has been
considered as a sufficient excuse. I hope, there-
fore, that the House will not direct that the gen-
tleman from New York shall be sent after, but
that he be excused.
Mr. DICK. I ask that the 66th rule may be
read.
The rule was read, as follows:
"66. No member shall absent himself from the service of
the Houe>e, unless he have leave, or be sick, or unable to
attend."
Mr. FLORENCE. This is an important ques-
tion to be settled. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, there being,
on a division—ayes 35, noes 98.
Mr. BOYCE. Has not the morning hour ar-
rived; and has not the President's message passed
from the consideration of the House? If so, I
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, technically, the morning hour has not yet ar-
rived, though it may have m reality.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 1)3, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bdhnghum,
Bingham, Blair, Bhs-, Bta.uon, Bryan, Bulfinton. Burhn-
game, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Ciaik,
Ciawbon, CUuk B. Cochiane, John Cochrane, Cockerill.Col-
fax,Coimns, Covode, Cox, Curtis-, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, DavU of Iowa, Dawes,
Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, English, Fenton, Foley, Fos-
ter, Gilman, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Groesbeck, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hill, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Haskin, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Horton. Howatd,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Lei-
tyr, Lovcjoy, Maclay, Mason, Momgoinorv, Moigan, Mor-
rill, Edwatd Joy Morn>, Isaac Mofiif, IVenun H.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblack, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Pui viaoce, Robbins, Roberts. Royce, Ruffin, Russell, Scales,
Sevvatd, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.Shaw, John Shetman, Jud-
son W.Sherman, Sickles. Robert .Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
ToinpKms. Trippe, Wade, Wnlbridire, Waidron, Walton,
Warren, Cadwaiader O. Washburn, Eliihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Walking Wood, and Wortendyke—113.
NAYS—Messrs Ahl. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Boeock, Boyce, Burnett. Clemens, Cobb, James Craig,
rSmton Craige, Crawford. l)ean, Dowdell, Edmimd?on,
Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Gre«?g, Hawkins, Hill. Hop-
kins. Houston, Hughes, HuvJer, Jackson, J. Glaricy Jones,
Keitt, Lamar, Letchei, McQueen, Maynard. MUesj Moore,
Phillips, Powell, Qumnan, Reillv, Scott, Singleton, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, IVhite, Whiteley, and Wil-
son—48.
So Mr. Clark was cxcused.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. QUITMAN, when his name was called,
said: I rise to a question of order. I wish to know
of the Chair if the doors of the Hall were not or-
dered to be closed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave that order.
Mr. QUITMAN. I see men passing freely
out and in at the doors.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave orders that
the doors be closed; and it is the duty of the offi-
cers of the House to see that they remain closed.
Mr. QUITMAN. I simply desired to call the
attention of the Chair to the fact. I vote " no."
The House then continued the execution of its
order, it being the call of absentees for excuses,
as follows:
Erastus Corjjikg.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My colleague was
summoned from the city by pressing business;
and therefore I suppose he is unable to attend
here. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Aaron H. Ckagin.
Mr. TAPPAN. My colleague is quite sick,
and certainly not able to be in the Hall. I move
that he be excused.
Mr. McQUEEN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olin and
ICelly were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-six in the affirmative, a further count not
being demanded.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (at one o'clock,
a. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COMINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 300; as follows:
YEAS~i\I<:*srs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Avery, Bocock,
Bowie, Bojce. Bnan, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
John Cochrane, James Ciaig, Buiton Ciaige, Ciawfoid,
Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmmui-on, Faulkner,
Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode, Giegg, Hatch, Ilaw-
kim*, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes. Htiyler, Jackson, J.
Glancy Jones,, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob jVI. Kunkei, Lamar, Lan-
dy, Letchei, Maclav, McUueen, Ma.vnard, Miles, Moore,
N"jblack, Peyton, Phelps Phillip-*, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin,
Rus>ellj Scales, Scott, Henry M. Shaw, S.uiiuel A. Smith,
Stallwurth, Stephens, Stevenson,Tnppe, VVatkms, White-
ley, Wortendvke, and John V. Wnght—Go.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrew-,, Bennett, Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bhsd, Btayton, Bufliuton, Buihnsame, Bur-
loughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Ciaik,
Clavvson, Claik B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cox, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davnof Iowa,
Dawe<, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, English, Fen-
ton, Foley, Fo.-ter, Gilinan, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger,
Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Har-
jan, Thomas L. Harris, H<u<ksu, Hickman, Hoard, Horton,
Howard, * wen Jones, Kello'rg, Kilgote, Knapp, Leach,
Leiter, Lovejoy, McKibbtn, Ma^n, Montgomery, Moigan,
Moinll,Edward Joy Morm, Isaac N. Mortis, Freeman II.
M<>r«e, Oliver A. Mor*e, Mott, Nicliol.-, Olin, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Reillv, Robbing Rob-
erts, Rovce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, jiukon W. Sher-
man, Sickles, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins Wade, Walbndge,
Waidron, Walton, Cadwaiader C. Wa hburn, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending1 the call of the roh',
Mr. CLAY stated that Mr. Jewett left the
House at midnight quite ill. j
The question recurred on the motion to excuse I
Mr. Cra&in, upon which the yeas and nays had <|
been ordered. ^ |(
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. i want to submit jj
a proposition that we have one or two speeches ,
before we proceed further. [Ci ies of " Agreed ! '] '■
Mr. GROW. I nhj ct.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 335, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Arnold,.
Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bennett,Billinaburst, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Drayton, Bryan, Buf-
finton, Bmhngame, Burroughs,"Campbell, Ca^e, Chafi'ee,
Ezra Clark, Clavvson, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockenll Col-
fax. Comins, Covode, Cox, James Ciaig, Buiton Oraigu,
Crawfoid, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dewart, Dick, Durfee, Edmuudson, Faulkner. Fen -
tun, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, Gilman, Gooch,
Goode, Granger, Gregg, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert
B. Hall, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, flughes, Huyler, Jackson, J. Glaticy Jones,
Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly, Kilgore, Knapp, Lamar, Landy,
Leach, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay, McKibbtn, Mc-
Queen, Mason, Miles, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mott, Nichols, OHn,
Parker, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Purviance, Quitman, Robbins, Roberts, Rovce, Ruffin, Rus-
sell, Scales, Scott, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman, Sickles, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Tnppe, Wade, Walbridge, Waidron, Walton,
Cadwaiader O. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, White, Woitendyke, and Jolin V.
Wriirht—133.
NAYS —Messrs. Gilhs, Ilarlan, Thomas L. Harris, Has-
km, Hill, Owen Jones, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A. Morse,
Aaron Shaw, Robert Smith, and Whiteley—.11.
So Mr. Cragin was excused.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a proposition to the
House.
Mr. GROW. I objcct to anything out of or-
der.
Mr. QUITMAN. I wish to submit a propo-
sition perfectly fair on all sides.
Mr. ENGLISH. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his objection, and
lut ns hear what the proposition is.
Several Members. Withdraw it.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. QUITMAN. As a matter of course, if
any gentleman objects, I have nothing to say.
My proposition is this* I do not speak on the au-
thority of any one but myself; but, sir, regarding
this contest as one that will probably come to no
good result, I propose that, by a common under-
standing, all the motions made subsequent to the
call of the previous question on the motion of the
gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] shall be
withdrawn.
At this moment a violent personal altercation
commenced in the aisle at the right of the Speak-
er's chair, between Mr. Keitt and Mr. Grow.
In an instant the House was in the greatest pos-
sible confusion. Members in every part of the
Hall rushed over to the scene of conflict, and sev-
eral membeis seemed to participate in it.'
The SPEAKER made loud and repeated calls to
order, and required the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest
the members acting in contcmpt of the House.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, bearing the mace of the
House, was at once m the midst of the combat-
ants; and after some minutes, with the most en-
ergetic efforts on the part of the Speaker, suc-
ceeded in partially restoring order.
Mr. BOWIE moved that the House adjourn.
[Shouts of" No !,,4< No! "and great confusion.]
The SPEAKER, The Chair calls on gentle-
men to resume their seats and come to order.
Mr. CLAY. 1 desire to ask the Speaker if a
motion to adjourn is in order?
Mr. QUITMAN. I claim the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was upon the floor by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi to yield to me to inquire of the Chair if a
motion to adjourn is m order?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I insist that the
gentleman from Mississippi shall proceed. I ob-
ject to everything that is not in order.
Mr. QUITMAN. I was proceeding to present
a proposition to the House, and the scene just
before us seems to demonstrate the necessity of
it. I propose, then, that all the motions which
have been made and not acted upon since the pre-
vious question was called upon the motion, or
resolution, or amendment, of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] shall be withdrawn, and
that the House shall then adjourn until Monday,
[criesof'4 No!" "NoS"and confusion,'] with the
understanding thaton Monday at one o'clock the
question shall be taken.
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" "Order!'*
and confusion—members standing, and much ex-
cited.]
