1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2713
An act (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Job
Stafford, of the State of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of Eliza-
beth McBrier, only surviving child and heir of
Colonel Archibald Loughrey, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Wakefield;
An act (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Robert
W. Cushman, formerly an acting purser m the
United States Navy;
An act (H R. No. 572) for the relief of Lewis
"W\ Broadwell;
An act (H. R. C. C. No. 65) for the relief of
Benjamin L. McAtee and Isaac N. Eastham, of
Louisville, Kentucky; and
■ Joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) for the relief
of General Sylvester Churchill;
When the Speaker signed the same.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidercd.
Mr. EUSTIS. The gentleman from Tennes-
see having had an opportunity by unanimous con-
sent to express his views in regard to this bill, I
hope he will now withdraw his call for the yeas
and nays. He has placed himself on the record,
and there is an evident disposition to pass the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
' The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 27; as follows:
VEAS-Mews Andet Andiewt^ Arnold, ]>]lhn«j-
hur>t, Bingham, Blair, Howie. Ihsiytnn, Butlintrm, Bmhu-
jjairie, Rinns Cavunau^l). ("haflee, Claw-on, Cla\,
Clark B (Joclitarie, .John Coolnane, <.'olia\. Comm.-, Cia-
gm, Cui tis. 5>,tvi(i-<>n. Davi- <>i Mai viand. Daw - <>i Indiana.
Davis'ot Ma-sachu-ett-, Dean, Dodd. l)tiile<\ Cdu\ I'lliott,
Eu^ti-, FaniMAOt tli. Fen ton « Florence, Fol j\. Oilman. (Jil-
rnei, Gooeli, Goodw in. Gt finder. Giow, Lawienee W. llali,
Iioicon. llowmd, Owen Jone?., Kelfoiru:. K'd-c\. Knapp.
John C. Kunkel, faj!tei, Lovejoy, Jiumplitev Mai-hail,
jNIatte^on, Mavnaid, Mooie, Moi-mii. Moitill. Fieeman II.
Mor-e, ()hv<'t A. Moi-e, jVIotr, Mniiav. X'biack,
Palmer, Paiker. IVvton, William W. Piieip^, Phillip*.
Potter, Pui vianee, lteudy. Tidllv. Robert*5. Rovee, PtU—cii,
Sanduiirc, Aaion ^liavv, Jud>on XV Sbetman, tfuoi ter, Sin-
gleton, Robeit Smith, Spinner, Stanton. Stevenson. Wil-
liam Stuart. Talbot, Geoue Taylor. Tompkins*, Under-
wood, YVade, Walhiidi^e. Waldroti, Eihlm B. Wa-hiininc,
Israel Wa^ibuni, VVlnteley, Wilson. Woo<l>oii, and Y\\<t-
tend\ lee—49
NAVS—Meesr*. Atkin", Baik-dalo. Branch. Burnett.
(Jackie, Cox. I)avi< of .M i—i—ippi, T)owd<>ll. t'aulknei. (iar
tieil. Thomas L. llam.^, llopkin-. Jack-on, G 'otyo W.
Jone-, Letehei. Samuel S Mai-hall. Pendleton. John ^
Phelps, Powell, Uuuman, RutTni, ^euie-. I'enn M Snaw,
Stdllwottii. Trippe. Vali.mdiyhani, and John V. Wn^lit —
27.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the vote,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, said: Before
I vote 1 would ask the gentleman from New York
whether this man has not been drawing a pension
since 18285
Mr. KELSEY. He has been. This bill merely
gives him a pension from 1824, when his limb was
taken off, till 1828
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I vote" no.''
Mr. GARTltELL said: As this gentleman is
already drawing a pension, I vote " no."
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of bills Nos. S4 and
85.
Mr. QUITMAN. I thought I had the floor,
to ask permission to report a bill from the Com-
mittee on Military Aildirs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only recognized
the gentleman from Kentucky, because theie
seemed to be an understanding in the House that,
when the report of the Committee ot the Whole
House should be disposed of, these cases \vuuiu
be acted upon.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
state to the House that these bills (S. C Nos. 8-1
and ${)) are bills which have passed the Court of
Claims, and been recommended by the Depart-
ment of State and by the Committee of Claims. I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole flouse from
their further consideration.
Mr. ELLIOTT. 1 hone the gentleman will
also include House hill No. 3G3.
Mr. ijOYVIE. Also House bill No. 364.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall object,
unless we have the yeas and nays upon them.
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman objects, I will move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
would be hardly just to the gentleman from Mis- !
sissippi. |
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I did not |
| know that I had the floor by the sufferance of the >
! gentleman from Mississippi. j
| ThaSPEAKER. The Chair recognized the j
| gentleman from Kentucky, supposing that the j
j general consent of the House would be given to
' discharge the committee, without a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does the
i gentleman from Tennessee object? j
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Unless the vote be
| taken by yeas and nays on the bills.
| Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Certainly,
i I have no objection. I will yield to the gentleman
| from Mississippi.
HARRIET 0. READ.
Mr. QUITMAN. I appeal to the House to
permit me to move to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the furtherconsideration
of Se-nate bill (No. 226) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet 0. Read, executrix of the late Brevet Col-
onel A. C. W. Fanning, of the United States
Army.
It has been reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in the Ilouse as well j
as in the Senate It is a bill in which the party :
interested is a lady who has been, for the last two J
months, almost constantly m the gallery; and I ;
have no doubt the members have all become fa- t
miliar with her modest face. It is a bill for the |
relief of the executrix of Brevet Colonel Fanning,
who was an offi ~cr of artillery, and employed on
the oidnance seivice. In 1827-28 he wasoidored
to the arsenal, in Augusta, Geoiiriu, while it was
being constructed, and, against his remonsticince,
he was pot on the duty of disbuising .superin-
tendent, and disbursed $50,0i)0, for which he ac-
counted to the last dollai. TJfe committee leport
that it is usual, in many cases, where extraor-
dinary duties aie placed on an officer, especially
i where he piotcsts against them, to allow lum a
' commission on tho funds disbursed by him. His
i heirs now ask £,1,250 for comm,s*-sion on tins trou-
!j b'esome disbursement of >>0.(H)0, m a duty which
did not belong to him, and which he remonstrated
j1 against. I theiefoie ask that the committee be
ij disf harmed from the further consideration of the
!! bill, anu that it be put upon its passage.
Tne bill was read. It authoiizes and directs
!j the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs.
j| Man let 0. Read, executrix -of the late Brevet
r Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the United States
j! Army, the sum of ^1,25U, being the amount
j' claimed to be due the estate of Brevet Colonel
ll Fanning, as commissions of two and a half per
,] cent, upon the sum of ^5!),000 disbuised by him
in 3827 and 1828, at the United States arsenal, m
,! Augusta, Georgia.
:j There beiug no objection, the Committee of the
I1 Whole Hou.se was discharged ft om the further
ii consideration of t be bill.
!; Mr. ENGLISH. It occurs to me that, at last
I' Congress, an act was passed for the relief of this
i same pas ty. 1 ;>hou!d like to be informed whether
; that is so or not ?
Mr. QUITMAN. I have been informed that,
i at some former session of Congress, theie was
11 such a bill passed. Tin) suiio g-nlUmian wusap-
i pointed bv tile Government a commissioner to
1 suiiei iut"tul the o\v*ir,n of Fioi ida trom the Span-
i ish Go\ernmenf to the Ameiican Government,
I and a bill wj^ pa.-xi d giving him the same com-
. pensauon as the oth^r commissioneis
The bill was ordered to athnd reading; and
; was accordingly r  nd the thud time, and passed.
Mr. QUIT WAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
i! lay the motion to jeumsidei upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
!, FERDINAND COXE AND PKTER PARKER.
j' Mr MARSH \ LL, of Kentucky. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the House that the Coin-
i: mi t tee of the Who !< beds sen irged from the further
'! consideration of bid (C. C. No. 84) for.the.iehof
ij of Ferdinand Coxo, and bill (C. U. No. 85) for
|i the relief of Peter Paiker.
ii There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bills.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the previous question on the bills.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The bills were severally ordered to bfc engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, they
were accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MA RSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bills were passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED EILLS AND RESOLUTION.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and resolution of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. It. No. 571) for the relief of David
McClure, administrator of Joseph McClurc, de-
ceased
An act (H. R. No. 570) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Loomis L. Langdon;
An act (Ei. R. No. 533) for the relief of Shove
Chase, of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 492) for the relief of John
Dearmit;
An act (H. R. No. 356) for the relief of Ros-
well Mindiil, father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased;
An act (IL- R. No. 543) for the relief of the
legal representatives of John McDonough, late of
Louisiana;
An act (Ii. R No. 486) for the relief of Alonzo
and Elbndge G. Colby;
An act (II. R,. No. 451) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Jean Baptiste Devidrine;
An act (II. It. No. 476) for the relief of James
Rumph;
An act (II. R. No. 493) for the relief of Stuckey
& Rogers;
An act (H. R. C. C. No. 81) for the relief of
the hens of William Turvm, deceased; and
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 24) for the relief
of Henry Oindorf.
BREVET MAJOR JOHN JONES.
:] Mr. ATKINS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
J of the House to take up House bill (No. 45G)
| gran'ing an invalid pension to Brevet Major John
; Jones, of Tennessee, which has been returned
, I from the Senate with an amendment reducing the
amount about one hundred and twenty dollars. I
' ask that the amendmentof the Senate be concurred
m.
! There being no objection, the bill was taken
' from the Speakei's table, and the amendment of
! the Senate was concuried in, as follows:
' t^tnkc out the \voi<K from the Kt day of September,
A. D It-and io eunnii'ie tintitiir hi* natural Me,'* and
! illicit in lieu tlx'icoE' •M'loinand alfeitne date of his ap-
1 plication, and m cuniinuii during ln^ nntui.il life."
: Mr. ATKINS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in, and also
, moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
1 table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
KEEP, BAUD AND CO., AND OTHERS.
! Mr. P1IKLPS, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
! of order. I d'-siro to know if theie is not a rule
which lequnes members to lisefrom their seats
to address the Chair5 If there is, I should be
glad to have it enforced.
The SPEAKER. The Chnsr will endeavor
' to correct the practice of members crowding near
the Speaker's desk by i^co^nizmg those who are
furthest from the Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 ask the unan-
imous consent of the House io take from the
Speaker's tabkj Senate bill (No. 318) for the te-
1 lief of Keep, Baid & Co., J. Cauliield, and Jo-
' soph Landis & Co.
'i 1 will state, in order to save time, that the bill
i proposes nieiely to relieve the parties from a judg-
ment rendered against them on a penal bond given
to seeuiu the payment of#duties withdrawn fiom
1 a portnf entry to be taken to a port of delivery.
; The judgment was entered by confession; rhc
parlies paid the duties and the costs of the suit;
,: and the Secretary of the Treasury recommends
;j that the jehef be £umtedt
