1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
year may be transferred over to the other, and
a report is made to Congress, showing the amount
of these surplus appropriations. They know
where they are; they know the amount of them;
they know to what purposes they are applicable;
and the estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury are founded upon the existence of these sur-
pluses. Where he has a balance of appropriation
remaining over from the preceding year, he applies
it to the next, and so on, until it becomes more
than two years old, and he only asks for enough,
in addition, to enable him to carry out the serv-
ice of the country.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
mc to show him how he has mistaken the provis-
ion ?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My amendmentis " that
no part of the amount appropriated by this act,
for the service of any one fiscal year shall be used
for, or applied to, the service of any other year;"
not that it shall not be paid in the next year, for
hills accruing or audited. The authority to pay
lasts so long as the debt lasts. The money may
ho applied for the service of that year so long as
it lasts. It does not come in conflict with the law
of which the Senator speaks, at all. It only pro-
vides that money shall not, without a new appro-
priation, without the consent of Congress, be
taken from the service of the year for whichit was
appropriated and applied to the service of another
year.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a provision to repeal
the act m relation to the surplus fund, passed in
1795, which has expressly provided that appro-
priations, when once made, shall be subject to the
uses of the Department for two years.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Very well; but it is for
the purposes for which they were appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. This act has been justified
by experience, and this, as far as I-know, is the
first attempt to amend it. What possible objec-
tion can there be to allowing an appropriation,
when once made, to beusedfortwo years? After
that it goes to the surplus fund, and cannot be
used at all. By doing tins you enable the Secre-
taries to get along with a less amount of annual
appropriation; because, if unexpected accounts
should be broughtin, matters which had not been
audited before in the preceding year, they could
be paid out of any balance that remained of an
existing appropriation; and here is a fund upon
which they might rely. If, on the contiary,you
make the appropriation last but one year, you
require them to come in every year with estimates
for new appropriations, and require reappropria-
tions of these balances; you expose them to these
inconveniences in relation to amounts which may
not come in from the expenditures of the year
before.
Mr, STUART. If the Senator will pardon me,
I wish to interrupt him for the purpose of draw-
ing his attention to what I understand to be the
effect of the amendment, if I do understand it;
and 1 should like to hear the Senator's objections
to if, if there are any. I understand that the
design of this amendment is to prevent transfers
by using money appropriated for one purpose for
another distinct purpose. In order to effect that
object, the Senator from Maine has introduced
this language m regard to appropriations for the
service of a particular year. 11 is all to carry out
the object of preventing the use of money appro- i
priateu for one purpose for another and a distinct:
purpose—not to limit it at all, for, as the Senator !
from Maine has remarked, the appropriation
would continue as long as the debt continued, no i
•matter how many years. Until the account came !
m and was audited, the appropriation made to I
pay it would stand and would not be limited
even to the two years; but the object is to prevent
the use of money appropriated for one purpose ,
for any other purpose whatever.
Mr. HUNTElt. No, sir; the Senator from
Maine desires, by his amendment, to accomplish '
two objects: one is to confine the use of appropri- .
ations to one year, and to repeal this provision in
regard to the surplus fund which allows them to ;
be used for two years, and the other is to limit
the right of transfers. He has two objects in
view, if I understand his amendment, if i do not,
he will say so. ,
Mr. STUART. I hope he will. 1
Mr. PESSENDEN. The amendment speaks ,
for itself. The Senator from Virginia was com-
menting on the first provision, and I will explain
it. The provision of law m regard to the surplus
is a very plain one. You will find it in the tenth
section of an act passed in 1852: " when any
moneys shall have remained unexpended upon
any appropriations by law," other than certain
exceptions therein named, "for more than two
years after the expiration of the fiscal year in
which the act shall have been passed, all and
any such appropriations shall be deemed to have
ceased and been determined; and the moneys so
unexpended shall be immediately thereafter car-
ried, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to the account of the surplus fund."
That is to say, when money is appropriated to
any particular object, except in certain specified
cases, and remains unexpended for more than two
years after the expiration of the fiscal year, it
shall not be appropriated to that object then, but
shall go to the surplus fund. That is the provis-
ion specifically. The amendment which I have
attempted to introduce here does not conflict with
that at all, nor attempt to change it. It says sim-
ply, " that no part of the amount appropriated by
this act for the service of one fiscal year," not shall
be used for that year, but "shall be used for, or
applied to, the service of any other year." That
is a very different thing, as the Senate will per-
ceive. I do not attempt in this amendment to
interfere with the piovisions in regard to the sur-
plus fund—they stand—but I do attempt to pro-
vide that where you appropriate money for a par-
ticular object, in a particular year, it shall not be
used for the servicc of any other year. That is
all.
Mr. HUNTER. The provision in relation to
the surplus fund, which was passed in 1795—the
policy has been established ever since then—allows
the Departments to use an appropriation for two
years, and after that it goes to the surplus fund.
No matter when the expenditures were made
upon which the accounts are rendered afterwards,
it requires a reappropriatior after two years. But
there were certain permanent appropriations, and
there were certain constructions of laws m regard
to permanent appropriations, under which it was
supposed the Departments had got around the act
in relation to the surplus fund, and really used
the appropriations for a longer period than two
years. I recollect the provision alluded to by the
Senator from Maine, for it was introduced on my
motion to meet that very evil; but I never dreamed
of limiting the power to use appropriations to only
one year, or altering the established policy of the
Government which allowed them to use appro-
priations for two years, and then absolutely re-
quired the balance to go to the surplus fund. I
have always believed that that was a wise policy,
and if I recollect aright, the Constitution of the
United States specially limits appropriations, so
far as the War Depaitment is concerned, to the
service of two years. They may be used for two
years and no longer.
Now let us take the amendment which the Sen-
ator from Maine proposes. An appropriation is
made for the next fiscal year, that is, after the 1st
of July. Accounts come in for expenditures in
May and June. No part of thatappropriation can ;
be applied to them. Would not this expose the
Department to great inconvenience? It has been
the habit heretofore to pay such accounts and
such expenditures out of the existing appropria-
tion which can be used until it is more than two
years old.
But, sir, it is enough to say that it is changing
the established policy of this Government—one
which experience seenis to have sanctioned for so
long a period as that to winch I have referred;
and I can see no good reason for it. I see no
increase of responsibility to be gained by it. I
believe the sole effect of it would be to create a
necessity for deficiency bills, and to force the II
Departments to come here and ask for additional |j
appropriations, when they might avoici that ne- jl
cessity by recurring to existing balances of old il
appropriations which are subject to their use. ji
That would be the whole effect of it. It would !'
multiply the inducements to deficiency bills, and
create additional embarrassment and confusion m h
managing the affairs of the Departments. jj
Nor is this the time, it seems to me, upon an
appropriation bill, to alter the whole machinery of !j
the Government and its established usage, upon h
so little notice as this. Would it not be better
for the Senator from Maine to originate some sys-
tem, if he does not like the old one, present it in a
separate shape, and give us time to consider it,?
For one, sir, I believe that, so far as the provis-
ion in regard to the duration for two years of the
appropriations is concerned, it will be found that
there is no good reason for changing it. You will
not increase the responsibility of the Departments
by doing so; you will not promote economy; and
you will certainly expose them to additional in-
conveniences.
But the Senator proposes to limit the power of
transfer still further than it is now limited by the
existing law. It is already limited very much in
the War Department by the act of August 31,
1852. Let me read the provision of that act:
" That all acts orparts of acts authorizing the President
of the United States, or the Secietaiy of the proper Depart-
ment under hi-s direction, to transfer any portion of the
moneys appropi wited for a particular branch of expenditure
in that Department to be applied to another branch of ex-
penditine m the same Department, be, and are hereby, so far
as relates to the Depaitment of War, repealed ; and no por-
tion of the moneys appropriated by this* act shall be applied
to the payment of any expenses mcurrcd prior to the 1st day
-of July, 1852."
The experiment was tried one year, as I re-
member, and did not work very well.
" But nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to
prevent the President from authorizing appropriations for
the subsistence of the Army, for forage, for the medical and
hospital department, and for the quartermaster's depart-
ment, to be applied to any other of the above-mentioned
branches of expenditure in the same department j and ap-
piopnations made for a specific object for one fiscal jear,
shall not be tiansferred to any other object ^rterthe expira-
tion of that year.1'
So that by existing laws the power of transfer
is limited to these objects: appropriations for sub-
sistence, for forage, for the medical and hospital
department, and for the quartermaster's depart-
ment, may be transferred, and none others. Now
is it not proper that the right of transfer should
exist in relation to these ? What would be the
cfTect of repealing this right of transfer? The only
effect would be, as I said before, that we should
have to make larger appropriations under each
particular head, so as to be sure that they had
enough, andsomething to spare. You would only
increase the sum total of the appropriations. It
promotes economy to allow them to transfer with-
in this limited range.
The amendment of the Senator from Maine con-
tains another limitation as I understand, and that
is, to provide that in all cases where contracts are
made there shall be proposals published before-
hand; and for the purpose of showing1 the propri-
ety of making this provision, the Senator from
Maine refers to the report of the contracts made
by the Secretary of War. In regaid to the law, I
believe it has been the practice of the Department
and the construction of the act of 1820, which
allows them to make contracts ahead of the ap-
propriation, that it allows them to do it without
notice. I believe that certainly has been the prac-
tice. It was the construction because the same
necessity which required them to have this power
to contract ahead of the appropriations, would
often require them to contract at once, without
notice. Here is one of the very first contracts
contained in this document, a contract in regard
to the transportation of the troops from St. Louis
to Leavenworth. Thoy could not wait to give
sixty days' notice for that. What is to be done
m such a case as that? Advertise for sixty days
before you should move the troops? Ymi are
obliged to leave some discretion in theheacRf the
Department in relation to this matter of trans-
portation and subsistence. As to the other con-
tract reported to have been made without notice
and without any bid, I think it will be found to
be a very good contract when it is examined. 1
understand there was actually an advertisement,
and the lowest bid was fourteen cents. The Sec-
retary refused to accept that, and made this very
contract on much better and cheaper terms.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He says there was no
notice given.
Mr. HUNTER. He says so because this con-
tract was not given in pursuance of any bid put
in under that notice; but I understand the fact to
be that there was a notice, but the bids putin un-
der the notice were so high that they were refused
and a contract was made with these persons on
much more advantageous terms afterwards, i
should be willing to acccde to any amendment, if
