THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 5,
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, anticipating
some difficulty hi the continuance of a night ses- j
sioii, over a question so exciting as that embraced j
in the recent message ofthe President of the Urn- j
led States- 
Mr, CRAWFORD. I object to any motion
to adjourn. When this House adjourns, let it be
to m< et no more.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appeals to gen-
tlemen to resume their seats. The Chair re-
quires gentlemen to be seated. The Chair will
direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest gentlemen
who are acting in contempt of the authority of
the House.
'Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the same cour-
tesy which was extended to the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Quitman.] [Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I say gentle-
men——
[The remainder of the sentence was lost in
shouts of "Order!" "Order!" and the disorder
which followed.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
the Chair will entertain no debate. The Clerk
will proceed with the call ofabsentees for excuses.
The Clerk called the name of
Jabez L. M. Curry.
Mr. DOWDELL. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Curry, has been but two or three
days from a sick bed. I do not think he is able
to be here. He has paired off with Mr. Farns-
worth; and I move that lie be excused.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon that moUon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
df the House to make a few remarks.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman is not in or-
der.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 159, nays 4*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Atkm?,
Aver>, Barkfedale, Bennett, BilUnghurst, Bingham, Ulan,
Bliss, Bocoek, Bowie, Bray ton, Burtiiuon. iiurlmgame,
Buuoughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B.
ClarK, dawson, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comms Covode. Cox. Jarnt'^
Craig, Bui ton Cruise, Crawlord, Cams, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of' Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, D.iwi"-., Dcim, i)i< k,
Dnmnick, l)odd, Dowdell,DurfVe, Edmund-on. Rllioft. Emr-
li<h. Faulkner, Fouton. Florence. Fole*", Foster, (Jarnett,
(iartrell, Gilhss, Oilman, Uooch,Goode, tfoodwm. danger,
Gregg, Groe&hcekj Giow, Lawrence \v\ Hall, iiobert I*.
Hall, Harlan, Thomas I, IlauiH, IlasUin, [latch, Haw-
kins. Hickman, Hill, ffoaid, Hopkins, Hoiton, Uou^on,
Howard,'Hughes, Huyler, Jackson. J. Glancy Jones. Item,
Kellogg. Kelly, Kilgore, Kuapp, Jacob M. Kunkol, Lamar,
Leach, Lciter, Letcher. Lovojoy, Mac lay, Mclvibbin, Me~
(lueen, Mason, Miles, Montgomeiy, Mooie, Moigan, Mor-
rill, ISdward Joy Morris. Isaac N. Moin^, Freeman II.
MoVsc, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblack, Nichols, Olin, Pal-
mei, Walker, i'cyton, IMiolp*, lJike, J'ottle, Purvianee, Quit-
man, Redly, Robbing Robert.*., llo>ce, liufiin, Ku^ell.
f^ealCo, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw. llcnry M Shaw, John
Sherman, judson W. Sherman, Sickles, Sinirlcton, Uobeit
tfnntli, Samuel A. Snnih, tSpinnoi, Stallwortli. Stanton,
Stevenson, Tappan, Ti.a'yc), Tompkins, Tuppc, Wade,
Walbtidgc, Waldron, Walton, IVauvn, CruUvakuler C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Was-hhuine, T-rael Washburn. W«u-
ktns, White, Whilelcy, Wilson, Wood. YVortcndvke, and
John V. Wught—-159.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, l'aiidletou, Savage, and Stephens
—4.
So Mr. Curry was excused.
Mr HUGHES, (at half past two o'clock.) 1
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andei^on, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Boeocfc, Bowie, fiojee. Biyan,Caskie, John B. Clark,
Clay, Ciemens, Cobb, John Coclnane, James Craig, Burton
Craigc,Crawiord, Davis of Missis-ippi, Dimnuck, Dowdell,
Edmund^on, Elliott, Florence, Gainctt. Gaitrdl, Gillis,
Good«i, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Hurler, Jackson, J. Glancy Jones, Iveitt, Kelly, Jacob
M. Kunkei. Lamar, Letcher, Maciay, Mctiueen, Ma>on,
Moore, Niblack,Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,, Phillips. Pow-
c\l, Uuitman. ReiJIy, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scott, Seward,
Henry M. Shaw, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
Stallwouh, Stephens, Stevenson, Tnppe, Warren, Wat
kins, White, W'hiteley, Wortendyke, and John V. Wright
—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews,Bennett, BiHingfmrst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biavton, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, dawson, Clark B,
Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comnis, Covode, Cox, Cur-
tis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, De-
wart, Dick, Dodd, Durfre, English. Fenton, Foley, Foster,
<*ilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gtoesbeck, Grow,
Lawrencc W. Halb Robert B. Hall, Harlan. Thomas L.
Hams, Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Ktlgore, Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,
McICibbin, Montgomery, Morgan, Mouill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Moiris, Freeman H. Mor e, Ohvei A. Morse,
Mott, NiclioK Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Purvianee, Robbms, Robeits, Royce, Aaion Shaw, John
Sheiman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith. Spinner,
Stanton, Willuuu Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Wade, Walbudge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C.Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washbuin, Wilson, and
Wood—9o.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BOWIE. Is it in order to move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. BOWIE. I submit the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Bingham, Bliss,
Bowie, Boyce, John Cochrane, Cox, Davis of Iowa, De-
wart, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Foster, Goode, Law-
rence W. Hall, Hatch, Hopkins, J. Glancy Jones, Kent,
Kellogg, Kelly, Maciay, MeKibbin, Mason, Montgomery,
Olin, Pendleton, Phillips, Reilly, Russell, Scott, Sickles,
and Stevenson—35.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Ben-
nett, Tttllmgburst, Blair, Bocoek, Biayton, Bryan, Buffin-
ton, Bui roughs, Campbell, Case, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezia
Claik, John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Col-
fax, Comms, Covode, Burton Ciaige, Ciawford, Cuius,
Davw of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Duilee, English, Fenton, Florence, Foley. Garnett,
Gartrell, Gihnan, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, GiegL', Glow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams, Haskin, Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Hoiton, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Kiluoie, Lamar, Leach, Leiter,
Letcher, Lovejoy, Maynawl, Miles, Moore, Morgan. Moi-
nll, Edwaid Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman IL
Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer,
Pailcei, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pike. Potter, Pottle, Purvi-
anee, ilobbins, Robeits, Royce, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W.Sherman, Sin-
gleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stephens,
William Stewart,Thayei,Tompkms, 1'rippe, Wade, Wal-
! bridge, Waldron, Walton, Warren, Cadwalader C. Wasli-
' burn, Ellihu B. Washbume, f>rael Washburn, Walking,
White, Wilson, Window, Wood, Wortendykc, and John
V. Wright—120.
So the House decided to continue the call.
The Clerk next called the name of
William S. Damreix.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I suppose it is known to
every member of ihe House that Mr. Damrsll
is incapacitated from remaining in his seat. I
move that he be excused; and i hope he will be
excused by unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I renew the motion that Mr.
Damrbll be excused; and call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 142, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Arnold,
Atkins. Avery. Barksdale, Bennett, BilhnghurM, Bingham,
Blau, Blip's, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Brayton, ButThiton,
Burhnsaiue, Bunouglw, Campbell, Case, Caskie, Chaffee,
Kzra Clark, John B. Clark, Clavvson, Clemens. Cobb, Coek-
erill, Colfax, Connns, Covode, Cox, James Ciuig, Burton
Craige, Curti*,Davjs of Indiana. Davis of Mississippi, Davis
of fowa,Dawc*,Deaii,Dcwart, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell,Dur-
fee, Edmund>ou, linghsh, Fenton, Floience, Foley. Foster,
Gaitiell. Gihnan, Goode, (xoodv.in, Grangei,Giegg,(Jroes-
beckj Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Thomas Xj. Hams, Hatch, Hawkins Hickman,IIiJl, Hoaid,
Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Howaid, Ilnghes, Huylei,
Jackson, J. Glancy Jones. ICeut, KeJlogg, ICilgoie, Kn.ipp,'
Leach, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maciay, McQucen, Miles,
Mooie, Jforgan.Fiecman H. Mor^e, Oliver A.Morse, Mott,
Niblark. Ohn, Paltner, Paiker. Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Pike, Potter, i'ottle, Powell, Purvianee, Q.mtman, IteilJy,
i Robbms, Roberts, Rojce, Ruffin, Russell, Scales, Scott,
I Scwaid, Hcniy M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
j man, Singleton, Robeit Smith, Samuel A, Snmh, Spinner,
Stallworth. Stanton, Stephens. Stevenson, William St«nv-
[ art,Tappan, Thayer, Tompkms, Trippe, Wade, Walbndge,
! Waldron, 'Walton, Cadwalader C. W.v-li!min, W.itkin^,
| White, Wluteley, Wood, and John V. Wright—142.
; NAYS—Mes.-rs. Clay, Craw ibid, Montgomery, Isaac N.
Moras, and Ellihu B. "VVasltburnc—o.
So Mr. Dasirell was excused.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw that motion for a moment
to enab'e me to submitapropositiontotbe House.
Mr. PHELPS. I will withdraw it.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have been induced by the
representations of some gentlemen on the other
side of the House, agairt to ask the House to
hear a proposition which will, for the present at
least, terminate the present contest. The propo-
sition is a very simple one; and if gentlemen will
listen to it, I ho£)e it will be unanimously adopted.
Mr. GROW. I object to anything- out of or-
der.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania will withdraw his objec-
tion, and let us hear the proposition.
Several Members. Withdraw objection.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Illinois has
charge of the resolution; and at his instance I will
withdraw objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Understanding that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi has a proposition which
may terminate this controversy for the present, I
hope no objection will be made.
Mr. PALMER. The House will remember
that when the gentleman from Ohio proposed to
piesent a proposition which might terminate the
difficulty, it was objected to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I can overlook all that,
1 hope no objection will be made.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose it would be in
order for the gentleman from Mississippi to move
that the House adjourn; and then he would have
the right to have his proposition read at the Clerk's
desk. A majority vote could then carry the prop-
osition. I hope he will take that course if objec-
tion be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not enter-
tain the motion except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. A motion to adjourn is in
order.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I presume no onewould
object to a proposition which would relieve the
House of its present difficulties.
Objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS. I then renew the motion that
the House adjourn.
Mr. GROESBECK. I hope gentlemen will
withdraw all objection to the proposition.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair if a motion
to adjourn until Monday next would not be in
order*5 That of itself would, in part, accomplish
the object sought by the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. The motion would not be
in order under existing circumstances.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire to what time
we should adjourn, if we adjourn now ? [half past
three o'clock, a. m.] Would it be until Monday,
twelve o'clock, m. ? This is Saturday.
The SPEAKER. The Chains of opinion that
if the House adjourns now, it will adjourn to meet
at twelve o'clock.
Atr. GROESBECK. I ask gentlemen to with-
draw their objection to the proposition made by
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitman.]
Mr. WHITELEY. I object.
Mr. BURROUGHS. Will it be in order to
ask unanimous conspnt that the proposition of
the gentleman from Mississippi be read at the
Clerk's desk ?
The SPEAKER.. Objection has been made.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the mere reading of the proposition for
information. [" Yes!" "Yes!"] 1 ask that the
paper be read for information.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 understand that a young
friend of mine has just got married, and this prop-
osition may be of some importance to him, and
I hope it will be read.
Mr. COMINS. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn.
The objection not being insisted on—
Mr. PHELPS withdrew his motion to adjourn;
and the paper was read, as follows:
All motions now pending, made since the call of the pre-
vious question upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, shall be withdrawn. The vote shall
then be taken on seconding the previous question; where-
upon, if carried, tlie House will adjourn to Monday; and at
one o'clock, Monday, the vote shall be taken on the main
question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the propo:
sition made by the gentleman from Mississippi
may be adopted. I think it embraces everything
nny gentleman can ask for.
