1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the Senator can designate one, which will require j
contracts to bomado\ipon ad vertisement if lie can j
except such cases as these i have mentioned;but '
it is obvious that it would not do to require the
War Department to advertise a contract for trans-
portation when there is a sadden emergency.
If the Senator can discriminate, I would agree
to any amendment which would require adver-
tisement in most of the cases. I think they ought
to be made. I think that is a safe restriction; but
I do not see just now, if we are to tie him up, how
we could meet such emergencies as those I have
just spoken of. In our western rivers the waters
are up to-day ami down to-morrow. There might
be a fall of waters; a thousand things might occur
which might render it exceedingly inconvenient
for him to wait until he had given sixty days'no-
tice before making a contract for transportation.
There is another provision in the amendment,
that when Congress is in session these contracts
must be made upon notice. That the law docs
not require it, I suppose is evident. That the law
of 1820 allows the Secretary to make these con-
tracts whether Congress is in session or not, in
advance of the appropriation, 1 suppose nobody
can dispute. Whether it ought to be changed or
not, is another question. Hut 1 will put this case
to the Senator from Maine: in the event that we
do change it, what is to become of the contracts
made at a distance—made on the Pacific coast,
for example, while Congress is m session—made
under general authority, of which we could have
no notice until after they were made ? Are all con-
tracts for transportation or subsistence to be kept
back until Congress acts ? Is the Secretary to
come here for every contract that he makes ahead
of the appropriations while Congress is in session,
to ask the authority for doing it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In answer to the Sena-
tor, if he rcquiios an answer here, 1 will say that
that is a perfectly clear case, and very easily an-
swered. The Secretary of War makes these con-
tracts The power is given to him, not to his
subordinates, lie is in Washington, lie is the
man to make the contracts. 1 f he wants to make
a contract, and Congress is in session, he can
have the authoiity from Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from Maine
suppose that the Secretary of War makes con-
tracts for the transportation of tioops from San
Francisco to Oregon >
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. Surely they are made through
his agent. Does he suppose that the Secretary of
War made the contract for the transportation of
the troops fiom St. Louis to Leavenworth?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 f he docs not make them,
if they are made by his agents, my answer would
be that he has no authority to give his ascents
power to make contracts,except m pursuance of
appropriations in such cases; and he ought not to
have it. The Senator concedes that, for every-
thing except a sudden emergency, the power of
making contracts without tin; authority of law
should not exist. Therefore, he cannot give in-
structions in advance to his agents at that dis-
tance, because the emergencies are not upon them.
The only authority he could give would be for the
ordinary service, and for the ordinary service lhe
appropriatinnsare already made; and within those
appropriations he can make contracts, because
they come within the authority of law. But the
case that I want to provide for is an exception.
It is the case of sudden emergences arising, which
requf^ contracts outside of and beyond the appro-
priations, to be made at, once; and, with regard
to those, nobody can exercise that power but the
Secretary of War himself, and nobody would sup-
pose that it should be committed to an agent, under
any circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER I put the ease of this very
contract for the transportation of the troops from
St. Louis to Leavenworth. Was the Secretary
of War to keep the troops m St. Louis until he
could send for the agents of the Pacific Railroad
Company, as they are called, to come on here and
make a contract, or was he to authorize his agents
to do it*
Mr. FESSENDEN. He must have authorized
the contracts.
Mr. HUNTER. How else could he have au-
thorized the contracts except by authorizing an
agent to make them? How could he administer
his Department without giving a general author-
ity to his agents at a distance? Can he supervise
things on the Pacific coast?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer is, that that
is a very poor illustration; for 1 deny that there
was any necessity at all; I deny the emergency.
Mr. HUNTER. Suppose an Indian war was
to break out,and the general commanding makes
an order to transfer the troops: would not there be
an emeigeney ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. You may suppose a thou-
sand things.
Mr. HUNTER. Take this very case, where
it is necessary to carry supplies to the troops
in Utah, when the Government is moving large
bodies of men and large trains. Is it to be sup-
posed that the Secretary of War can himself per-
sonally inspect every contract, or that he can give
specific directions for them ahead? All he can do
is to intrust his agents with the general authority
to perform a certain service. He may give some
instiuctions as to the best means of performing
it, but he is bound to repose discretion in them.
He cannot make the contracts personally him-
self.
1 see no way of avoiding that evil. If the Sen-
ator can suggest any discrimination between cer-
tain sorts of contracts that are to be advertised,
and others whore it would be impossible to do so,
[ would go with him; hut, until [ see it, I am not
willing to vote for anything couched in terms so
general as this amendment.
In short, sir, 1 think as to the propositions of
this amendment: first, to diminish the time during
which an appropriation can be used from two
years to one; second, to limit the power of trans-
fer further than it is already limited by the law
which I have read; and third, to provide that the
Secretary of War, in fact, shall enter into no eon-
tracts for transposition or subsistence while Con-
gress is in session, unless they are all transmitted
here; it seems to me that the lirst would be un-
wise, and the last inipiacticahle. If it could be
made practicable, I should bo very willing to vote
for the last. If the Senator can show me how it
can be made practicable, I shall not object to it;
but, as it now stands, I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia has seemed to find veiy great difficulty m
understanding what I mean. Although I may try
to accomplish somethmgthathe thinksis difficult,
if not impossible to be accomplished, yet I really
hope that he will contrive to understand what I
design to do, what I wish to accomplish. Now,
sir, let me take the whole of this amendment and
explain it as I understand it, and see if there is
any such very severe difficulty about it as the Sen-
ator supposes. Let ussee if his objections apply.
The first clause 1 have already read twice, and I
repeat that it does not by any sort of possibility
interfere with the payment in one year of accru-
ing bills that wen1 incurred in the preceding year.
The Senator seems to suppose that by this pro-
vision money must be absolutely paid over for
the service of a year during the year when the
servicc wtn rendoied.
j Mr. HUNTER. Let me ask the Senator a
i question. lie makes an appropriation for the
! fiscal year commencing on the 1st of July, and the
expenditure is made m June, in this fiscal year.
Accoidmg to his provision, the Departments can-
not make piovision for that expenditure made m
June out of the appropriations for the next fiscal
year to commence in July.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not understand the
Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. He confines the appropria-
tions to the service of the yeat for which the money
is appropriated.
Mr. FESSFNDEN. Yes.
Mr. HUNTER. I put the case of an expend-
iture made in this year, say m June; and the ap-
propriation is for the fiscal year commencing the
1st of next July. You cannot pay this expendi-
ture m June out of the appiopriation for this fiscal
year, because it docs not come in in time, and
you cannot pny it out of the next, bccause it is
not for the scrvicc of that year for which the ap-
propriation is made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
You can pay it in the next year. If the service
was rendered m this, and not paid, it can be paid
in the next. What-is the trouble?
Mr. HUNTER. You can pay it in the next,
if there is a balance of appropriation; but suppose
there is no balance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment I have
offered presupposes a balance of appropriation m
such cases, of course. If there is not money on
hand, it cannot be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. There may be money on
hand, and that money may not be appropriated.
Certainly there arc many cases where there is no
balance of appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand the
Senator, and I really do not see what his diffi-
culty is. I can see no difficulty whatever. If an
indebtedness accrues for a service rendered during
this year, and money has been appropriated to
pay it, why cannot that money be paid after the
year has expired ? This provision does not pre-
vent it in any possible way.
Mr. HUNTER. It prevents it if there is "no
balance of appropriation for this fiscal year. For
instance, if, in the quartermaster's department,
there was no balance, it cannot be paid out of
the appropriations for the quartermaster's de-
partment for the next fiscal year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very true, and
thatig precisely whatl wish to prevent. My object
is to keep every appropriation confined to the mat-
ter for which it was appropriated. For instance,
we appropriate a certain sum of money, a million
if you please, to accomplish a specified object this
year, no matter what that object is. Expenses
accrue. These bills may not come in and be au-
dited until sometime next year. When they are
audited, the balance on hand in the Treasury can
be applied to paying those bills; but, if that ap-
propriation is exhausted, what I mean to say is,
that you shall not take the appropriations of the
succeeding year made for another purpose, to pay
that balance which is due for the service of the
last year. That is giving a discretion to the offi-
cers of the Treasury, which, I think, has been
abused. There is no difficulty about this provision
of my amendment. It does not interfere, as the
Senator supposes, m the slightest degree with any
provision of law in regard to the surplus fund. It
says simply, "confine your payments to the fund
which we have appropriated to make the pay-
ments with, and do nottake the money which we
have appropriated to other objects to pay them."
The succeeding clause which i have inserted, that
so far as this act is concerned—for it is confined
to this act-r-you shall not transfer a matter which
is appropriated to one head of expenditure to
another, is of precisely the same character. It is
to carry out the same object.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, will the Senator allow
me here to ask him a question ? He says it does
not interfere with the provision as to the surplus
fund. Why, sir, according to the surplus fund
law, an appropriation made for the next fiscal
year, if there be a balance, may be applied to ser-
vices performed in the succeeding fiscal yeai; but,
according to his amendment, it cannot be applied
to it; it must be confined to the service of the fiscal
year for which the appropriation is made. It is
true, it can be paid for services for a preceding
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator and I do not
understand it in the same way; and I think I am
right. He does not convince me, at any rate.
Here is a certain object for which you appro-
priate money—half a million, if you please—and
the law provides that, if you do not expend that
money for that object within two years after the
expiration of the fiscal year in which it is appro-
priated, you shall not expend it at all, but it shall
go to the surplus fund. It does not provide that
yon may expend that half million dollars for any
other object within those two years. The Sen-
ator's argument supposes that, so long as the two
years exist, and until that time has expired, you
may take that half million dollars, and, if you
do not spend it on a matter for which U is appro-
priated, you may spend it for anything. That is
what I want to prevent. I say this amendment
does not interfere with the surplus fund law, he-
cause that law only says you shall not expend it
for the purpose for which it was appropriated two
yeais asro, after the year for which it was appro-
priated has expired. Therefore my amendment,
in this respect, goes no further than to say tha%
when you have'appropnated money for specific
purposes for one particular year, you shall not
take tint money and apply it for the purposed of
