1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
saying that while Congress is in session, the Sec-
retary of War—the question arises here in regard
io the Secretary of War, and I will confine it to
I,im—shall have power to make contracts to an
unlimited amount, because an emergency might
arise at-some time when he could not give notice.
The question is between principle and possibility.
The possibility or emergency, when it arises,
must be acted upon; but the mere chance of a pos-
sibility is no safe ground on which to vest im-
mense power like this in the hands of any Secre-
t.iry.
Why, sir, under it you see, at this very time,
since Congress has been in session, while we have
been here, with no emergency, (because events
have proved that there was none,) with no hurry,
but m anticipation of the action of Congress in
granting five regiments, which hardly anybody
here was m favor of granting, contracts have been
made to the amount of millions, without consult-
ing Congress at all. That is what I object to, and
wish to remedy. As to the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator trom Texas to
the amendment, I hope it will not be agreed to,
and I do not think it ought to be so limited.
Mr. STUART. I am desirous that the amend-
ments which have been offered to-day should ap-
pear in print to-morrow, so that we may examine
tii o m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Masoit.)
The Chair will state that the amendment to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Texas can-
not be received unless by unanimous consent of
the Senate, because the yeas and nays had been
ordered on the pending amendment before that was
ottered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought I had submitted
my amendment in time.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I object to it if it is out
Mr. HOUSTON. I addressed the Senate be-
fne the yeas and nays were ordered to betaken.
Mi. STUART. That question will come up
to-morrow, and as we want to see the amend-
ments punted, I move the Senate adjourn.
I am informed that there is a necessity for an
executive session, and theiefure I withdraw that
motion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Semite pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time engaged tiieteni, the doois
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 20, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
!>v Itev. J. R. Eck win.
The.Iournal of yesterday was read and Approved.
Mr. CLIPsU J M A N. A.s the pending question
on the auxiliary guard lull is a vety important
one, tin which we ou<iht to have a full vote, I sug-
tfext tluit 1 he morning hour be demoted to the call
of committees foi reports. The pending question
m the Mouse will then come up,and"we slmii get
a full vote upon it.
DETENTION OF VESSELS IN CHILI.
Mr. JjUFFINTON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
llesohrtl, Th.it the So(.ic|,U) (,['Sr.ite Ixi ii-quo^ted t<>
eonnpuniesite to tlu-s IIoinc such eoiie-pnndi'iiee «b may
have utUcn place between tiie auilmiiries! of tin - Govern
went mul tli.it ol the <«ovcnim<'u! o! (Mnh in refuel to the
ci-imuon by ilic latter of tho Artifiirwu ve-^oLs CJood Re-
turn and Punklui, at the pott oi Talcalmaua, in the year
\clll,
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have no objection to that,
it u is understood that, we afterwards proceed to
the business of the morning hour.
No objection being made, the resolution was
road, considered, and agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 now ask unanimous con-
sent that the House proceed to the consideration
of the business of the morning hour.
DES MOINES RAPIDs.
Mr. WASHBITIINE, of Illinois. I desire to
say to my friend f.< m Noith Carolina, that when
tin Committee on Commerce woscallcd a few days
.Muoe, ! had a report which I wished to make, bat
I did n' l do it. I now ask una miaous consent to
make the loport
No objection being made,
Mr.W ASH.BURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, made an adverse report in
respect to the improvement of the Des Moines
Rapids; which was laid on the table, and the re-
port ordered to be printed.
WAGON ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War is hereby requested
to communicate to this Hoiwp copy of the leport of the
exploration of the wagon road from Fort Defiance to the Col •
oi ado river, m the Territory ot New Mexico, made by E. F.
Bealc, Esq., and a copy of a map accompanying the same.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now hope my motion
will prevail, as I see the gentleman who is entitled
to the floor [Mr. Morrill] is in his seat.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was not the House, when
last in consideration of the business of the morn-
ing hour, engaged in the call of committees for
reports ?
The SPEAKER. It was; but there is a pend-
ing report.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman propose
to resume the call, commencing where the call
was last suspended ;
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The pending bill is a bill do-
nating public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Walbrsdge] moved
to postpone its consideration until Wednesday,
the 21st instant; and that the bill, and the report
of the majority and views of the minority of the
committee, he printed. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. W\sniiniiN] moved to tconsider the bill.
The gentleman (rom Vermont [Mr. Morrim.] is
entitled to the floor,
Mr. MORRILL. There has been no measure
for years which has received so much attention
in the various parts of the country as the one now
undei consult'rat ion, so far as the fact eon bo proved
by petition^ which have been received here from
the various States, North and South, from State
societies, from county societies, and from individ-
uals. They have come in so as to cover almost
every day from the commencement of the session.
i efore 1 proceed further, I desire to ask the
gentleman from Michigan to withdraw his mo-
tion to postpone, in order that I may introduce
an amendment, which i propose to offer, merely
changing the bill so far as to strike out all in re-
lation to tho Territories.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will withdraw it for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. There is a pending motion
to recommit, which must also be withdrawn, be-
fore an amendment will he m order.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw the motion to recommit.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr, MORRILL. I now offer the amendment
which I send to the Chair, to come in after the
enacting clause, m the nature of a substitute for
the whole bill Mr. Speaker, I know very well
that when there is a lack of arguments to be
broughtngauiM thementsof a measure, the Con-
stitution is fled to as an inexhaustible aisenal of
supply. From thence nil sorts of missiles may
be bulled, and thoiinh they 11 bear wide" of the
mark, they do not " kick the owner over." 1 have
also noticed that lions accustomed to roar around
the Constitution are quite disposed to slumber
whenever it is desirable for certain gentlemen, who
carry extra baggage, to leap over the impediment.
Hut, while I do not propose to consider the con- i
stitutional argument at any great length, 1 shall j
not wholly blink it out of sight; and all the favor j
asked is, that the Constitution may not he strained j
and perverted to defeat a measure no less of pub- I
lie good than of public justice—just politically, j
just to all the States, and just, above all, to the |
manhood of our country. j
We exert our power and expend millions to i
protect and promote commerce through hirht- j
houses, coast sutveys, improvement of harbors, |
and through our Navy and Nmal Academy. Our j
military (k crown-jewels'5 ate manufactured at'
West Point on Government account. We make
immense grants of lands to railroads to open new
fields of internal trade. We secure to literary
labor thfe protection of copy-right. We encour-
age the growth and discipline of hardy seamen by
eking out their scanty rewards through govern-
mental bounties. We secure to ingenious me-
chanics high profits by our system of patent-
rights. We make raunmcentgrants to secure gen-
eral education in all the new States. But all direct
encouragement to agriculture has been rigidly
withheld.
When Commerce comes to our doors, gay in
its attire and lavish in its promises, we "hand
and deliver" at once our gold. When Manufac-
tures appears, with a needy and downcast look,
we tender, at worst, a " compromise." And then
the fiery little god of war bristles up and makes
havoc of all we have left. So that, when Agri-
culture appears,
"A creature not too wise or good
For human natuie's daily food"—
though taxed to support all her sisters and idle
brothers, and to espouse their quarrels—we coldly
plead there is nothing left for her, and even spurn
the admission of her afHnity to the family by omit-
ting all mention of her on the records of our stat-
utes. Ceres does not appear among the gods of
Olympus—only appears inapicture on one of our
Treasury notes!
It is our province, as a nation and as individ-
uals, to do well whatever we undertake. The
genius and skill of our artists and artisans have
been universally commended. Our naval archi-
tecture is a subject of national pride. Our engi-
neers are doomed to no merely local fame. Our
agricultural implements are beyond 'the reach of
competition. Yet, while we may be in advance
of the civilized world in many of the useful arts,
it is a humiliating fact that we arc far m the rear
of the best husbandry in Europe; and, notwith
standing here and there an elevated spot, our tend-
ency is still downward. Does not our general sys-
tem of agriculture foreshadow ultimate decay ? If
so, is it beyond our constitutional power and duty
to provide an incidental remedy?
The prosperity and happiness of a large and
populous nation depend:
1. Upon the division of the land into small pax-
eels.
2. Upon the education of the proprietors of the
soil.
Our agriculturists, as a whole, instead of seclt-
ing a higher cultivation, are ex tending their bouud-
nuesj and their education, on the contrary, is lim-
ited to the metes and bounds of their forefathers.
If it be true that the common mode of cultiva-
ting the soil in all parts of our country is so de-
fective as to make the soil poorer year by year,
it is a most deplorable fa^t, and a fact of national
concern. If we are steadily impairing the natural
productiveness of the soil, it is a national waste,
compensated only by private robbery. What are
the facts?
In New England, the pasture-fed stock is not
on the increase, and sheep-husbandry is gradually
growing of less importance/excepting perhaps in
Vermont and New Hampshire. The wheat crop,
once abundant, is now inconsiderable. The fol-
lowing table will exhibit something of the depre-
ciation of the crops in ten years:
Wheat—buskc!1}.
18-10* lr.n.
Connecticut.... 87.00') 41.000
■Ha .-iii'hu-ctl-.. 31,311
nhode Ulaild... 3.i)9<:> 4'J
.New Hainp.-hire 422,121 18.7,fi58
Maine  PJfUnri 2! 'Vr 9
Veimont  4i)7,8UO 53,)j9.).)
Potntor s—bushels.
IP 10
3,41 1,233
5,:K> 6V2
91i.973
fi.20o.bUb
10,39-2,280
8,8G9,M1
J«-.O.
S.OcWjbOj
3 w.yw-j
V> 1,029
4.301,919
3,436,010
4,9.71,014
a.01 i.i i I U/9U.130 3.1.180..100 rUi^I91
In many of the southern States the decreasin
production is equally marked
Wheat, bushels, in 1810.
Tenne^pe  4,.769/>0 2
Kentucky  4.8')3 l/>2
Georgia.    1,8-) i H3U
Alabama  WS.0o2
In 1850.
1,619,386
2.142 822
1 ^088,534
294,044
1-2.012,720
5,141,7!
j These facts, after all proper allowances for errors
■ and a short crop, establish, conclusively, that in
j all parts of our country important elements in the
i soil have been exhausted; and us fcrtihty,in spite
I of all improvements, is steadily sinking. The
