mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
the United -States/ The two per cent, fund in
question belonged to the State, and the interest of
theFederahGovernment was but that of a trustee;
and the sole reason for the arrangement was, that
as the Government of the United States had au-
thority outside of the limits of the State which
the State did' not possess, it could apply that por-
tion of the fund intended to facilitate communi-
cation to and from the State, and promote its ex-
ternal commercc better than the State itself could
do. If the terms of the article itself admitted of
any question that this was the nature of the in-
terest of the State in this fund, the original of this
provision, which is found in the corresponding
article of the seventh section of the act of 30th
April, 1802, (2 Stat., page 175,) entitled "An act
to enable the people of the eastern division of the
Territory northwest of the river Ohio to form a
constitution and State government, "&c., in which
it is expressly admitted that the five per cent, was
given to the Stale as a consideration for the ex-
emption of the lands of the United States within
it-s limits from taxation, would be conclusive on
the point. This was certainly a small consider-
ation for the release by the State of a right to tax
the forty million acres of Government lands with-
in its limits,and there is, therefore, the more rea-
son why it should be certainly and fully paid ac-
cording to the agreement between*'the parties, or
accounted for to the State, if the purpose to which
it was to be devoted under the agreement between
the parties has been abandoned. That purpose
was the construction.of a road (the Cumberland
road was intended) to the boundaiy of Missouri,
a purpose which has long since been abandoned,
and the Government should, therefore, deal with
Missouri as it has dealt, with Mississippi and Ala-
bama under similar circumstances—direct the two
per cent fund, which was reserved for the pur-
pose thus abandoned, to be paid to the State. (See
sections 16 and 17, act 4th September, 1841, 5'
Stat., pa?e 457.
Air. .TONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
have the report to which that refers read.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the Chair whether, if
the House adjourn now, this bill will not come up
as the first business in the morning?
Mr. GROW, The Maryland1 contested-elec-
tion case is Net down for to-moi i ow.
Mr. LLAIlt. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask whether the 11 ousts lias
not agreed to adjourn on Thursday next, on the
motion of the gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr,
Burnett] himself? lie ought to be willing to
stop here till twelve o'clock to-night, and attend
to private business
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let us go to the
business on the Speaker's table, and we may 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. *
Mr. HOUSTON. Will not the gentleman's
motion to suspend the rules be the first thing in
the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have examined the bill
which the gentleman from Missouri proposes to
bring up, and I am satisfied th,at it is right, and
ought to pass; but. I think the House ought to
adjourn now.
'Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the motion to
.adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Blair's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
So the rul"s were suspended; and the Commit-
tee of the Whole was dischaiged from the further
consideiation of the bill.
Mr. BLA1II moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mnin question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was aceoid-
ingly read the third tune.
Mr. BLAIR demanded the pievious question
on the passage ot the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mai.j question oidered; and, under the operation
tl,eieoi", the bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table,
The latter inotion was asreed tq.
EDWIN M. CHAFFEE.
Mr. EDIE. I move a suspension of the rules,
and that the Committee of the Whole House be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 348) for the relief of Edwin M.
Chaffee, with a view of putting it upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. BURNETT, (at twenty-three minutes after
six o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andeison, Atkins, Bishop, Burnett,
CfusktP, demons, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Coming,
Ci.uviord, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Faulkner, Garnett,
Gregg, Hatch, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, George .W.
Jones, Leiehcr, Ma^on, Peyton, Purviance, Quitman, Ruf-
fin, Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Searing, Henry M, Shaw,
Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth, and Talbot—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, AM, Andrews, Arnold, Ding-
ham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Boycf, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ctawson, Claik
B. Cocinane, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, James Craig,
Davtb of Mississippi. Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Bm too, Rtlio, Klliott, English, Farnswoith, Fenton,
Floicncc, Foley, Foster, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Glow, Hawkins, Hill, lioiton, Howard, Huyler,Kelly,
KoUey, Knapp, Loiter, Lovejoy. JYInclav, Samuel S Mar-
shall, Maucsion, Maynarih Morgan, Mornll, Edwaid Joy
Morns, Kane N. Mont>, Fioeman Ji. Moise, Oliver A.
Moi.sc, IY1ult, Miui.iy, Niblack, Nichols, Palmet, Paikor,
.Inhn H. IMiolp-j, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottoi,
lteillv, llol>bi «, Ilobeits, Royce, Srotf, John Sherman, Jud-
soii VV. Hhormnn, Robert Sinuli, Spinner, Siariton. James
A. Stewa.t, William Stewari, Thayer, Thompson, Tomp-
kins. Undeiwood, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Elhhu B
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Whiteley, Wilson, and
YVinslow—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Edie's motion
to suspend the rules.
The bill, and the report accompanying it, were
read.
The bill provides that there be granted to Edwin
M. Chtvflbe, of the city and eoilntv of Providence,
Rhode Island, for his sole and exclusive benefit,
and for the benefit of his heirs, administrators,
and to those to whom he may hereafter assign the
same, fur the term of seven years ftom the passage
of this act, the full and exclusive right and liberty
of making, constructing, using, and vending to
'! other?? to be used, his improvement in the appli-
j! cation of undissolved caoutchouc to cloth, leather,
;! and other articles, in coloring the same without
the aid of a solvent, and m the machinery used in
j! the process, for which letters patent wore canted
i1 to said Chnilee on (lie ;i]*t Qf August, 1830, and
! which is described in the schedule annexed to the
;j letters patent planted as oforefaid; and the Com-
i, tnissioner of Patents is directed to make a eertiii-
!! cateof such grant in the name of Ed win M Chaf-
'! fee, and to append an authenticated copy thereof
i! to a duly certified copy of said letters patent, and
i! to deliver the same to Edwin M. Chaifee, his ad-
; mimstrator or assigns, whenever the same shall
j! be requested by him or them.
| The Committee on Patents reported that Edwin
; j M. Chaffee, prior to the 31st*day of August, 183G,
!| applied for, and on that day obtained fiom the
|; Government of the United Suites, letters-patent
i! for " an improvement in the application of undis-
;; solved caoutchouc to cloth, leather, and other ar-
il tides, in coloring the same without the aid of a I
j! solvent, and in the machinery used in the pro- j
Ij cess." The patent expired in 1850, and was re- :
!; newod by the Commissioner of Patents, under
existing laws, for the term of seven years, which
term expired during the year 1857. Application
is now made to Congress for an extension, by
legislative enactment, for a further term of seven
years. The committee is satisfied that the im-
provement made and claimed by the memoiialist
is an original invention, and that he is the in-
ventor. They are also fully satisfied that the
invention is one of great public utility. By the
introduction into gcneial use of the improvement
of the memorialist, the manufacturers of India-
rubber goods are enabled to dispense with the use
of a solvent, an article altogether indispensable
until the improvement of the memorialist was
made, and thus save some fifty cents on every
pound of crude caoutchouc worked up into man-
ufactured articles. When the vast number of
pounds of the raw material used in the fabrica-
tion of India-rubber goods is considered, it must
be apparent that the invention of the memorialist
enables the manufacturer to produce his goods at
a vastly reduced price to the consumer, and thus
both the prod ucer and the purchaser are generally
benefited on account of the genius and skill em-
ployed by the memorialist in the perfection of his
improvement.
The profits which have accrued to the memo-
rialist have not, in the opinion of the committee,
been at ail commensurate with the benefit he has
conferred upon the public by his invention. The
memorialist exhibits an account of all his receipts
for or on account of his improvement, which ac-
count amounts in gross to the sum of $22,500, and
the same account exhibits disbursements, com-
pensation claimed for time expended, and losses
sustained, amounting to the sum of $19,500; leav-
ing to the memorialist the small pittance of §3,000
as his whole remuneration for years of toil spent
in the perfection of an invention which has en-
abled the manufacturer of India-rubber goods to
save thousands in the cost of producing hisgoods, ,
and the public, who buy the goods, to save tens
of thousands, on account of the reduction of price
brought about by dispensing with the use of all
solvents in the manufacture of the fabrics. In the
opinion of the committee, no blame should attach
to the memorialist becausc he has failed, up to
this time, to realize a sufficient reward for his in-
vention. He was a poor man, surrounded with
difficulties, and unable, from his poverty, to take
those energetic measures necessary to setfUre to
himself great pecuniary benefits from his newly-
invented process of grinding, instead of dissolv-
ing, the raw mateiial used m the manufacture of
India-rubber goods. He did all that his limited
means permitted, and the result was an insuffi-
cient remuneration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
but one remark. This gentleman got a patent for
fourteen years; he then got an extension of that
patent for seven years longer; that extension ex-
pired in 1857, and, by the laws of the country, this
invention then became the public property, and
you have no more right now to reinvest him with
the sole and exclusive use of it, than you have to
take up anything else, and give an individual an
exclusive right to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
this patent has been in litigation for the last seven
years, and that hence the patentee has not been
able to realize anything by it. I am against the
extension of patents as a general rule; but I rather
think there is something m this case which would
justify it
Mr. EDIE. I will state, in addition to the facts
stated m the report, that an India-rubber manu-
j fucturing company made an agreement with the
: inventor by which they obtained the patent, and
| part of the consideration was, that they were to
: employ him at a regular yearly salary. A very
; .short tune theieafVr that company failed, and its
' elTeets wrc sold under the hammer.
; Mr. WASHCTJUNE, of Illinois. Is debate in
; order at this stage ?
I The SPEAKER. It is not.
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ob-
i-ject to it. The gentleman will have an opportu-
! intv to be hcaid alter the rules die suspended.
! The question was taken on the motion to sus-
I pend the lules; and there were—ayes 64, noes 45;
i no quorum voting
| Mr. CLEMENS demanded tellers.
! Mr. CLARK 13. COCHRANE moved that the
j House do now adjourn.
j Tne motion was agreed to—ayes 70, noes 58.
i And thereupon (at ten minutes to seven o'clock,
I p. in.) the House adjourned.
| .IN SENATE.
[ Saturday, June 5, 1858.
j Prayer by Rev. A. G. Carothers.
| The Journalof yesterday was read andapproved
■ MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Hrmse of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
ii the concurrcnce of the Senate wab requested:
ij A bill (No. 302) to continue the office of regis-
jj tor of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana;
I! A bill (No. 303) giving the assent of Congress
ij to a law of the Missouri Legislature for the ap-
jj plication of the reserved two per cent, land fund
ii of said State:
