608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
priority, but if there are no petitions I renew my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been the
praetice,ever since! have occupied this chair, for
petitions, memorials, and resolutions, to be offered
indiscriminately during the morning hour. The !
Chair understood that it had been the practice of
the Senate, and of course he acquiesced in it.
Mr. SEWARD. On that subject, I wish to
make a remark. I think the rule requires that
petitions shall be presented first; but early in the
session we are accustomed by unanimous consent
to adhere not very tenaciously to the rule; still, if
a question is raised, it requires the consent of the
Senate to substitute resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
find no difficulty in construing and enforcing the
rules; but in attempting to follow the practice of
the Senate he is sometimes led into error, by not
knowing what that practice has been.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand there is noth-
ing now before the Senate, and I move to take up
the resolution to which I referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are still
in order. The Chair may not be aware but that |
half a dozen Senators are ready to offer petitions.
I will follow the rule, and ask for petitions and
memorials.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to withdraw the
petition of Mrs. Lamed, which I presented the
other day, from the Committee on Pensions,and
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to know why the
honorable Senator makes that motion ? whether
it be because he thinks the Committee on Military
Affairs is the more appropriate committee, or
whetheritisa wantof confidence m the Committee
on Pensions? I think it is certainly disrespectful
to a committee, after referring to them what seems
legitimately to belong to them, to withdraw it, and
refer it to another committee; and 1 think the Sen-
ator ought, in justice to the Committee on Pen-
sions, of which I am a member, to explain the
grounds of his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sorry 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has let
the moment slip by when it was his duty to call
up the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is the special order for this hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make an explana-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the Senaior can make the explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very happy to have it
in my power to give a satisfactory explanation to
the honorable Senator from Alabama in relation to
the motion I have just made. It is simply this:
the memorial has lain before the committee for
some time. I spoke to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and I have spoken to him
again this mornin<r,and heacquiesced m the course
I have proposed; so that it does not arise from any
distrust of the capacity or integrity of the Com-
mittee on Pensions; but I think it more appro-
priate, as the husband of this lady was an officer
of the Army, and was killed under peculiar cir-
cumstances, to refer the petition to the Committee
on Military Affairs. That is the only reason; and
i hope the gentleman will be satisfied with it.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The VICE PRRS1DENT. The Chair calls the
attention of the Senate to the special order, being
the unfinished business on which the Senate ad-
journed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to refer
the President's message communicating the Le-
compton constitution to the Committee onTeiri-
tones, with the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts proposing instruction to that com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection, if I
may be permitted to do so, to give way that the
Senator from Illinois may call up his resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to postpone the special order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to postpone
it for that purpose, it being understood that I
have the floor.
Mr. BIGGS. I must object.
Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator fi om
Maine moves to postpone the further consideration
of the motion to refer the President's message,
with a view to allow the honorable Senator from
Illinois to call up the resolution he has offered, I
shall ask for the yeas and nays upon it; because,
as 1 understand, the effect of it must be to continue
the discussion, in a different form,on the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Illinois. If the
Senator makes the motion, therefore, I shall ask
for the yeas and nays on the question of prece-
dence, to test whether the Senate will go on with
the motion to refer, or whether they will take up
this incidental and collateral question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is entirely immaterial to
me whether the vote be taken first on the reference
of the message, or on this resolution of inquiry,
for the reason that I wish the information under
the resolution of inquiry to enlighten me in the
consideration of the other question. I think any
delay in adopting the resolution of inquiry will
only operate as a delay in the consideration of the
Kansas question by the committee. I deem it my
duty to have that information, if it be possible to
get it, and to ask for the requisite time "in order to
get it. For that reason I thought I would, at the
earliest moment last week, bring forward the res-
olution of inquiry, supposing it would have been
answered by this time, if it had been adopted. If,
however, the Senate desire to go on with the ques-
tion of reference, I will waive my motion, and
bring up the resolution of inquiry afterwards.
Mr. MASON. That would be better.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I was per-
fectly willing to give way for the purpose of al-
lowing the Senator from Illinois to introduce his
motion, in order that the Senate might pass upon
the question whether or notany more information
was to be afforded to us, officially, than we have
already received. I was suspicious that it was
not the desire of the majority of the Senate that
the resolution of the Senator from Illinois should
pass, and that the information sought for by it
should be obtained. I had no idea that its pas-
sage would be permitted; but yet I was willing to
make the experiment. If, as a matter of fact, it
had appeared to me probable; if I had supposed
there was any good reason to believe that an in-
vestigation would be had with regard to the alle-
gations that have been made of fraud m one stage
and another of this proceeding in Kansas, I should
probably have been willing, very willing, to waive
any remarks on the general question until that in-
formation was obtained. The inquiry, however,
that 1 put to the honorable Senator from M issouri,
[Mr. Green,] the other day, as to the intentions
of the Committee on Territories, and the answer
I received from him, satisfied me that we should
have no other information afforded to this body,
officially, than that which we now have; and, there-
fore,! see no reason why I, or any other Senator
who desires to do so, may not as well proceed to
comment oil this message of the President now, as
to defer remarks until we have a report on the sub-
ject from the committee.
Mr. GREEN. I thought I remarked—I know
it was my intention so to do—that the committee
had never considered that point, and that 1 was
not authorized to speak for the committee; but
that, as far as I was concerned, I would under-
take to carry out whatever instructions the Sen-
ate gave mo.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the answer
of the Senator to say exactly that; and strange as
it may seem to him, that answer satisfied me of
what I have just stated, that we should have no
more official information on the subject. Other
Senators may draw a different conclusion, but
such was mine. I was remarking that, under the
circumstances, I saw no reason why any Senator
might not as well proceed now to comment on
this message of the President, and on the various
topics connected %vith it now, as to wait until we
shall have a formal report from the committee on
[ the subject.
I I think, sir, that the message has been drawn
; with care and with design. It is an argument pre-
sented to the country—intended as an argument
I which should affect and influence the .minds of
I the people m reference to the greatquestion which
I is soon to be tried before this body, and decided,
so far as we are able to decide it. I deem it,
therefore, not unimportant that the views of some
I gentlemen, to some extent, should be expressed
' with reference to that message, and that the coun-
try should understand that, although the officer
highest in position entertains certain opinions
which he has expressed on this subject, others
who are in a less degree, perhaps, the represent-
atives of the people, entertain different opinions,
take a different view of the facts, and have some-
thing to say with reference to the statements that
have been made. In the comments which I pro-
pose to make, I do not design to go niuch further
than to make a statement of the case, as I under-
stand it. Whether, with the impressions pre-
! vailingon my mind, I shall be able to make a fan-
statement of it, will be determined by the result.
I certainly shall endeavor to do so.
The message which we have received transmit-
ting the Lecompton constitution to us is certainly,
in some respects, a singular one; and whatever
demerits it may have, there is one thing about it
which is observable, and which I trust may in
some manner relieve the difficulties which seem to
have pressed on the mind of my respected friend
from Now York, [Mr. Seward.] In his remarks
on the Army bill he deemed it to be a matter of
consequence that troops should be raised in order
to quell the disturbances in the Territory of Utah,
and he seemed to be of the impression that other
questions were in such a state of forwardness to-
wards a settlement that the Government could not
need the increase of force for which it asked with
reference to any other subject than the Territory
of Utah. Now the President tells us very dis-
tinctly in his message that he has need of troops,
and may continue to need them, not only for the
Territory of Utah, but also for certain purposes
in the Territory of Kansas; for he says distinctly
that in case the constitution should be accepted
and Kansas become a State, ho will then be able
to withdraw the troops from Kansas, and use
them where they are more needed—distinctly re-
ferring to the Territory of Utah. We may infe'r,
then, that if the Lecompton constitution should
not happen to be acceptable to Congress, troops
are still to be kept in Kansas for the purposes for
which they have been used there heretofore. I
cannot believe that the honorable Senator from
New York can in any manner justify the keeping
of those troops in Kansas, or can in any manner
believe there is any necessity for keeping them
there in the existing state of things.
The President clearly intimates that he will be
obliged to keep the troops there if the Lecompton
constitution should not prove acceptable, and Kan-
sas be not admitted with it. That is his conclu-
sion; for if, as he says, he can withdraw them in
case Kansas becomes a State, he cannot withdraw
them unless Kansas becomes a State. That is the
clear inference. That is singular; for the reason
that, at the present time, we know the fact that
the Territory of Kansas is under the control of
what is called a free-State, and what gentlemen
choose to call an Abolition, Legislature. There
is no difficulty in Kansas now. Those who are
denounced as " rebels." but who are in fact the
free-State party of Kansas, and a majority of the
people of Kans'as, have control of the government
of Kansas at the present time. If this constitu-
I tion should not be adopted, and Kansas should
i not become a State under it, what is the result?
■ That the power is in the hands of the rebels; for
rebellion, as it has been called, has things all its
own way.
I see no necessity on the part of the President
j to keep troops there for the. purpose of aiding in
establishing the Government, which is going on
so much according to the will of those whom he
has been accustomed and desired to control by the
| use of the troops. It is a very singular declara-
' tion on the part of the President. What? That
; unless Kansas be admitted as a State under this
; constitution, he will be obliged to keep troops
! there—for what purpose ? .For the purpose of
j controlling the free-State government of Kansas;
; for the purpose of controlling the majority who
now have the government, in their own hands. Is
! that the game that is to be played ; Is Kansas,
I while it remains a Territory, still to be held under
| military domination, simply for the reason that
i those whom he has heretofore chosen to denounce
| as rebels, are now m the possession of the govern-
; ment,and will continue so unless Kansas becomes
a State under this constitution ? It is a very sin-
gular declaration to put foi til to the country; and
yet such is the plain inference from the message
i he has communicated to us.
