THE CONOEESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Connected -with the early history of Texas, and
known to the whole of Us population, their ap-
preciation ofhim has been shown in constantly
renewed offers of positions of trust and responsi-
bility. The manner in which he discharged his
duty requires no other testimony. The last office !
he fi-Ued was among us. Had he remained herd
longer, he would have been better known; and I
might have been spared even the poor effort which
I now make to pay some tribute to his memory.
He was gentle and just; quick, but too generous
to bear malice against afly man. Superior to per-
gonal fear, he was incapable of persona! hate. He
was lofty and dignified in all his relations, gentle
as the iamb m the hour of peace, and in the midst
of his friends; but bold as the hon in the face of
danger, and when confronted by an enemy. Such
is a rude sketch of ihe beautiful elements which
constituted his character. The people by whom
he had been so often, and so highly honored,
claimed his first allegiance, and had his last love.
He died as he had lived, anxious to fulfill his ob-
ligations to his fellow men, resolved to discharge
the duty of his station, and left behind him that
good, name without which "glory's but a tavern
song." 1 will not invade the sanctity of domestic
grief, to speak of those who are most bereaved by
his death. The State he represented must long
regret him, andfeel-his loss. But it is a loss to
the whole country; for, emphatically, in our coun-
try, because of the nature of its Government, its
Bafety and its wealth are the intelligence, the ir\-
tegrity,'and the patriotism of its citizens; each
owes to all his best exertions for the common
good, and U peculiarly belongs to the public ser-
vant to meet whatever hazards may lie m the path
of his duty. At a solemn moment like this, we
are warned how vain and transitory are the ob-
jects of our pursuit. The eternal surge of time
and tide rolls on, and the next wave ingulfs alike
our labors and our existence. Yet it is well that
we do not rise to that dignity ofplulosophy which
would measure things by their true Vciiue. It is
well that we exaggerate the importance of the little
things which occupy us; for it is this exaggera-
tion which gives the necessary stimulus to prompt1
the public man to sacrifice his ease and private in- !
terest to the discharge of his public duty. Shall
we not then, even in the midst of this solemn
warning, mingle with the reflections which it
creates, the tribute of our admiration for the pa-
triotic devotion which forgetful of self, sacrificed
the individual to the public interest, and ^ave
substance to the objects which, as we stand by
the side of the mournful bier, puss belore us, and
vanish like ikethig shadows.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
but a very few remarks to address to the Senate
on this melancholy occasion. General Hender-
son has been long known to me, though 1 have
not ever enjoyed the pleasure of much personal
intercourse or acquaintance with him; but from
sources of public and private information, and es-
pecially from the more animated testimony given
by all those who formed the circle of his friends,
1 have known him well. A concurrent testimony
from all these sources has established his charac-
ter as one of the most estimable of men, amiable,
brave, and magnanimous. He was too fuuik
for any concealment, too disinterested and too
brave to dissemble. It was not difficult to know
such a man. There was no disguise about him.
His thoughts were not more free than was the
expression of them. He seemed to have no other
object in his public life than his country's inter-
est, and the cause of tiuth. There was not a
feeling or a purpose m his heart that he might not
have fiankiy and bravely avowed in the face of
the whole world. Tins is the character of the
man; as i have learned it ftom my own brief and
limited intercourse with him, as well as from all
the sources of information to which I have had
access.
As honorable Senators who have spoken on this
occasion have well remarked: in peace, in the
bosom of society he was altogether gentle; in war,
he was as daring and as forward as the foremost.
Soon after .the battle of San Jacinto, in 1836, led
by his daring and enteiprising spnit, he went to
Texas to share m her fortunes and participate in
her hardships. He took a distinguished part m
all the difficulties of rearing up out of the wreck j
of her revolution an organized and constitutional:
community. His personal qualities attracted to
him public attention. There was a, manifest
integrity about him, a courage that none could
doubt; a frankness that enabled everybody about
him, and all the Commonwealth of Texas, to un-
derstand and know him. By this standard they
estimated him. He shared in all the honors which
they could confer. As we have learned from the
illustrious Senator who headed that great revolu-
tion in Texas, he was Secretary of State for the
infant Commonwealth; he was their embassador
to the great courts of London and of Paris; im-
mediately after annexation, he was made the first
Chief Magistrate of the StateofTexas;and lately,
as I understand, unsought for by him, he was
made, by the unanimous vote of the Legislature
of Texas'," sfmember of this honorable body.
This is his public career. He may have had
his indiscretions, as who cf us has not, but they
were swallowed up in his rrAnly and amiable vir-
tues. After a very brief service here, too short
to afford this honorable body the opportunity of
judging of him for themselves, he is taken from
us. Sir, the grave may confine his body within
its narrow limits, but his name will be buried in
the hearts of his countrymen, and more especially
in the heart of Texas.
Prom the time when,attracted by her glorious
struggle for liberty, he arrived m Texas, he be-
came a chief actor in all the troubled and perilous
scenes through which she had to pass; and^in
those severe and stern trials, which snip from
men all disguises, he won for himself the affec-
tion and the admiration of the true and brave,
the patriotic people of Texas. There, in that
glorious liitlf community, the eye-witness of his
life and conduct, he was known and judged, and
the high trusts and honors which h.tve been
awarded to ium are honorable testimonials to all
the world of the estimation in which he was held.
I repeat, sir, that though the grave may have
his body, his name will live and be cherished in
the hearts of his many friends, and especially in
the gtateful, noble heart of the country that he
helped to redeem and to save. Texas, with soft-
ened heart, will shed tears for his death—warm
tears, more precious and honorable to his mem-
ory than all the cold marble that could be heaped
upon his grave.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the event which
causes the Senate to mourn will cast a gloom over
the native, as well as the adopted State of the
deceased.
General Henderson was a native of Lincoln
county, North Caiolinn, and descended fiom an
ancient and honored family. He chose the legal
profession, in which ho was eminently successful,
till, inspiied by a laudable ambition, he left the
State to unite his destiny with Texas in her gal-
lant struggle for indept ndence. The part he per-
formed in that contest forms a conspicuous place
in the eventful history of that State.
After Texas achieved her independence he was
honored, at different periods, with the appoint-
mentof Attorney General,Secretary ofState, and
Minister to France. These positions he filled with
fidelity and marked ability. He was one of the
commissioners appointed by Texas to negotiate
with this Government in relation to the annexa-
tion of that Republic to the United States. The
active and efficient part he took in the consumma-
tion of this great measure is fresh in the recollec-
tion of his countrymen.
Lie was a member of the Texas convention,
and subsequently Governor of the State. Then
resuming his profession, in which he ranked
among the first lawyers of his State, he pursued
its practice till called, by the unanimous vote of
the Legislature, to fill the seat in this body, made
vacant by the death of his lamented predecessor,
who, I believe, was his law partner.
During the short period he was permitted to
occupy a place in the Senate, though oppressed
by a fatal disease, he won the friendship of all,
and evinced to the last that patriotic devotion to
his country which had characterized his whole
life.
His career has been distinguished and useful,
without a spot or blemish to dim its luster. The
Senate and country will long cherish his memory,
and his friends may point to his eventful history
with pride and pleasure; but, to the wife of his
bosom, and the children of his affection, the loss
is irreparable, and brings with it an anguish that
no-tongue can describe. 1 hope they may find con-
solation in theirsad affliction, for " virtue, though
planted in earth's ungenial clime, will bloom and
ripen in heaven l"
Mr. HAYNE. I would add,-sir, only a single
word. It was my happiness to become acquainted
with that distinguished Senator, now no more.
On his way to England and France he visited
Charleston; and there I first met with him at the
table of my lamented brother. He tarried with
us some three weeks; and he won the esteem of
every one of us, for not only his gallant bearing,
but that noble simplicity of character and truth-
fulness which marked his whole life. Asastates-
man, he ranked high. He passed over the water
abroad; and there he consummated the object
which he went to secure—the recognition of the
independence of his State. Sir, he was a bright
example to all of us. He had an eye alone to the
public good, and the glory of his great country.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, having not
long ago taken a part in the tribute rendered by
the Senate to a late eminent Senator of Texas, I
! should have deemed it indelicate to offer iny sym-
) pathies on this occasion if it had not been inti-
mated to me by the surviving Senator of that State
that it would not be unacceptable if I would ex-
press the feelings, should I be able to do so, which
aie entertained by the Senators from that part of
the country with which I am more immediately
connected. I could not refuse such a request from
such a source.
It seemed to me to be one of those marked in-
cidents which occur to us in our lives when the
hero of San Jacinto, the founder of Texas, with
tears streaming from his eyes,announced to me,
a representative from a far distant portion of the
Republic, that it would not be unwelcome to Texas
if I should bear a part in the funeral honors paid
to a late distinguished companion of his in arms
and in council, i hope those who do some-
times, us most of us on some occasions do, enter-
tain fears of the centrifugal tendencies in our po-
litical system, will take notice of this fact, and of
the sincere commingling of sympathy over this
bier, and learn that there is a centripetal power
in the Senate of the United States and in the Con-
gress of the United States which is able to sur-
mount all the agencies that tend towards a disso-
lution of this American Union.
Mr.'President, it is less than seventy days ago
since the" honorable Senator, whose loss we de-
plore, met me, and an acquaintance, gratifying
and honorable to myself, was formed, on the basis
of his appreciation of the friendship which had
existed between his predecessor, the lamented
General Rusk, and myself. During that short
period that be remained with us I saw every
confirmation, in his public course and in his pri-
vate life, of the virtues and intelligence which
are awarded to him by those who belong to the
region which he represented.
If anything on this occasion has seemed to me
more worthy of remark than another, it is, that
although Senator Henderson was yet a young
man, he had been a most successful and fortunate
man, and, at the same time, a type of the public
man of America. In listening to the eulogiums
which have been pronounced upon him, 1 have
been surprised as they have followed him from
the bar to the head of a brigade, from the head, of
a brigade into the cabinet of his State, from the
cabinet into a foreign mission, from a foreign mis-
sion back to the bar, fiom the bar, flushed with
success, transferred again to the diplomatic corps
—the embassador of his State to foreign lands,
the embassador of his State to form a union with
the United States—thence back a<£ain to the bar,
then a member of the constitutional convention to
frame the organic law for his State, then the Gov-
ernor of that yet new but. already great State, then
a major general in the Federal service, and, finally,
a Senator in the Congress of the United States.
It is a singular and a successful career for a rev-
olutionary nidn, a man who has spent his whole
life in revolutionary times. It was las felicity,
one which rarely happens to revolutionary men,
that he did not survive either the fortune of his
State or its favor
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate
adjourned.
