1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
experimenting upon problems which were moot-
points with farmers two thousand years ago.
Surely an interest so superior, and of such vital
consequence, ought not to be left to lingering rou-
tine, but the aid of science should be invoked to
accelerate its pace, until it can keep step with that
of other industrial pursuits of mankind.
The agriculturists have been, within afew years,
aroused to their t>wn wants. Periodicals, from a
higher point of dignity and influence, have fired
their zeal. The eager crowds which throng to
the annual fairs of our agricultural societies, from
the National down to <l all the stars of lesser mag-
nitude," proclaim the universal hunger there Is
for a profounder information touching that which
comes home to their business and bosoms. They
know there are mysteries dearly concerning them,
and they demand of learning and of science a so-
lution. %i Deformed,unfinished," experiments—
 " scarce half made up,
And that so lamely"—
will not do. Farmers will not be cheated longer
by unsustained speculations. The testof the field
must follow and verify that of the laboratory.
The half-bushel and the balance must prove the
arithmetic. The result must support the theoi y.
They want substance and not a shadow—bread
and not a stone. They know weli there is a vast
force of agricultural labor hitherto misapplied,
muscles that sow where they do not reap, and they
demand light—demand to have their arms unpin-
ioncd ! What has been an art merely to supply
physical wants must become a science—though it
wears
uhodden pray and a' that"—
doing the same service, hut more abundantly,
and also doing something to .satisfy and elevate
the manhood of the mass of the people. Let us
have such colleges as may rightfully claim the
authority of teachers to announce facts and fixed
laws, and to scatter broadcast that knowledge
which will prove useful in building up a great na-
tion—great in its resources of wealth and power,
hut greatest of all in (he aggregate of its intelli-
gence arid virtue.
The mineral wealth of ourcountry, already dis-
closed, assumes almost unbounded propoitions;
but destitute of experience as we aie, and lai gely
d< pendent upon the skill of those hut half-taught
from other lands, our mines are much less remu-
nerative than they would be under the control of
Americans, with some fundamental instruction in
their vocation.
There is no class of our community of whom
we may be so justly proud as our mechanics.
Their genius is patent, to all the world. For la-
bor-saving contiivances, their tact seems univer-
sal; and when any one of ih'un is detailed to do
the breathing of any engine, he speedily furnishes
lungs for the engine to do that sort of wotk for
itself. But they snatch their education, such as
H is, from the crevices between labor and sleep.
They grope in twilight. Our eounti y tehes upon
them as its light arm to do (he handiwork of the
nation. Let us, then, furnish ihe means lor that
arm to acqune culture, skill, and efficiency.
We have schools to teach the art of mnu^ny-
ingand to make mastei s of " deep-tin oated en-
gines" of wai; and shall we not have schools to
teach men the way to feed, clothe, and enlighten
the great brotherhood of man ? It is just on the
part of statesmen and legislators, just on the pat t
of other learned professions, that they should aid
to elevate the class upon whom they fean for sup-
port,and upon whom they depend for their audi-
ence. There is no clashing of interests. It is not
designed to make every man his own doctoi, or
every man his own lawyer; but to make every
man understand his own business. A lawyer is
not the worse for having an intelligent client, nor
a clergyman the worse for having a prosperous
parishioner. Our present literary colleges need
have no more jealousy of agricultural colleges
than a porcelain manufactory would have of an
iron foundery. .They move m separate spheres,
without competition, and using no raw material
that will dimmish the supply of one or the other.
The farmer and the mechanic require special
schools and appropriate literature quite as much
as any one of the so-called learned professions.
The practical sciences are nowhere else called into
such repeated and constant requisition. "Would
it he sound policy for one who expected to ex-
pound Blackstone to limit his reading to a muck
manual or to agricultural chemistry ? If it would
not, how are we to expect one to solve all the
scientific relations of earth, water, air, and vege-
table and animal life, who has only explored read-
ing, writing, and arithmetic?
All other professions and pursuits reckon among
their brightest jewels men who were recruited from
the robust ranks of agriculture. It is the untainted
blood from this source that supplies the waste in
the pulpit, the bar, the forum, and the camp. No
other pursuit in life obtains this universal tribute,
that, whatever may be the present idol of devo-
tion, all classes and ranks of men hope to reach
that estate first bestowed upon Adam, and become
proprietors of the soil as their ultimate earthly
paradise. Washington, Calhoun, Clay, and Web-
ster, are more secure of love and homage as farm-
ers than even as men of highest public renown;
and Mount Vernon, Fort Hill, Ashland, and
Marshficld, the Meccas of America, prove the
ideal truth of the words-of Pliny, that "the earth
took delight in being tilled by the hands of men
crowned with laurels and decorated with triumph-
ant honors."
Many of the purestembellishments of literature
have been drawn from the field of the husband-
man. Gems, not only of poesy and song, but of
painting and sculpture, of philosophy and elo-
quence, thus have their origin. Let agriculture,
then, make its reprisals, and build up a literature
at once intelligible and satisfactory fonts millions
of thinkers.
We need a careful, exact, and systematized re-
gistration of experiments—such as can be made
at thoroughly scientific institutions, and such as
will not be made elsewhere. These tests and these
tables, so furnished, wiil give us, when reported
and collated, as is provided for in this bill, a
rational induction of piinciples upon which we
may expect to establish a pi oper science; and the
more widely icatheied are the facts, the sounder
the science The discoveries of CoUunbus-sti uck
amateurs will not be trumpeted forth until they
have received the sanction of a body less sanguine
than the vendois of a patent. Spurious dogmas
will be touched lightly with the spear of lihutiel,
and no longer squat aiound the cars of weary
pio winen
We need to test the natural capability of soils
'j and the power of diffluent fertilizers; the relative
j! value of different grasses for flesh, fat, and miilc-
li giving purposes; the comparative value of grain,
jj roots, and hay, for wintering stock; the valu-e of
i! a bushel of corn, oats, peas, carrots, potatoes,
j1 or turnips, m pounds of beef, pork, or mutton;
|i deep plowing as wellas drainage; the vitality and
]j detertoraiion of seeds; breeds of animals; icme-
ii dies for the potato disease and for all tribes of in-
'i sects destructive to cotton, wheat,and fruitcrops.
These, and many more, are questions of scien-
tific mteresteven beyond then-economical import*
ance 111 the researches of the agriculturist.
The philosophy of manures, or of giving plants
1 their appiopriate food, is in its infancy. In Eng-
land they have, through the process of feeding
: wheat, raised the average yield to double its
former amount. Ltebig,employed in 1840 by the
Royal A<;i leulmru! Society, was almost the first,
, after Sir Humphrey Davy, to practically apply
agiicultural chemistry so as to arrest the atten-
tion of farmers, it was at bis suggestion, only
: seventeen years a<ro, that guano was brought into
, notice. In J851, notwithstanding its extravagant
: price, England imported two hundred and forty-
three thousand and fourteen tons of this concen-
trated fertilizer, proving that the fabled eggs of
the golden goose have been eclipsed in value by
the " evacuations of sea-gulls."
It is plainly an indication that education is tak-
ing a step in advancc when public sentiment be-
gins to demand that the faculties of young men
shall be trained with some reference to the voca-
tion to which they are to be devoted through life.
It is clear that intellectual discipline can be ob-
tained under more than one mode, and, if the pri-
mary education sought for this purpose can be
, afterwards applied to practical use in the destined
:• occupation,!^ is a point clearly gamed. Law, the-
ology, and medicine, have been specialities from
the time whereof the memory of man runneth not
to the, contrary. Special schools for art, trade, and
commerce, though oflater growth, have been long
established in many places throughout Europe,
■ and in our own American cities. In some places
these institutions, intended to be practical rather
than speculative, go by the not inapt name of Real
Schools. Agricultural colleges and schools in many
portions of Europe arc a marked feature of the
age. In our own country the general want of such
places of instruction has been so manifest that
States, societies, and individuals, have attempted
to supply it, though necessarily in stinted meas-
ure. The "plentiful lack" of funds has retarded
their maturity and usefulness; but there are some
examples, like that of Michigan, liberally sup-
ported by the State, in the full tide of successful
experiment. Adequate means to start on a scale
commensurate with the great objects in view
seems an indispensable prerequisite. States have
been unable to impose at once the increased tax-
ation that would be required, and the liberality of
private individuals has been unequal to the task.
But if this bill shall pass, the institutions of the
character required by the people, and by our na-
tive land, would spring into life, and not languish
from poverty, doubt, or neglect. They would
prove (if they should not literally, like the schools
of ancient Sparta, hold the children of the State)
the perennial nurseries of patriotism, thrift and
liberal information—places "where men do not
decay." They would turn out men for solid use,
and not drones. It may be assumed that tuition
would be free, and that the exercise of holding the
plow and swinging the scythe—every whit as no-
ble, artistic, and graceful, as the postures of the
gymnastic or military drill—would go far towards
defrayingallotherexpenscsofthe students. Mus-
cles hardened by such training would not become
soft in summer or torpid in winter; and the grad-
uates would know how to sustain American in-
stitutions with American vigor.
It is desirable that the agricultural hive, in all
its industrial ramifications, should furnish such
I generous rewards, such noble incentives, as to re-
j claim the truants who have fled to and clog and
| embarrass other pui suits and professions with
I untrained adventurers. The New York Mercan-
| tile Agency states the number of stores in the
I United States at 204,061, whieh would be about
one store to everyone hundred and twenty-three
inhabitants. This shows
" Trade wields the sword ; and Agriculture leaves
Her halt-turned furrows; other harvests fire
An avarice ot renown."
I suppose that it might be a fair estimate to say
that eighty out of every hundred of these traders
become insolvent every ten years. But had they
invested their capital and labor in agriculture, it
may be safely assumed that not twenty out of
every hundred would have failed to secure a com-
petency.
Adam Smith, after having noticed " the precari-
ous and uncertain possession" of capital engaged
in commerce and manufactures, says:
" That which arises from the moie solid improvements of
apiculture !- tnueh more dm able, and cannot he df\stioyed
; hut by tho?<2 more violent convulsions oreaMoned liy the
j depu.'dation - of hostile and barbarous nations continued for
; a cemuiy or two together."
! Mr. Sneaker, when a money pressure over-
j takes the country, like that through which we
! are just passing, in searching for its cause no
! one thinks of charging it upon agriculturists.
J They are not only industrious, hut frugal. Thrift
! is their cardinal virtue. They do not produce,
! vend, norconsume luxuries. They hasten slowly,
j and go untouched of all epidemical speculations,
j But when the crisis comes—when commerce, man-
; ufacturcs, banks, and even Government itself,
i quail beneath the storm—all eyes turn to the hardy
| tillers of the soil for lelief. They stand, as they
, always stand, with enough for themselves and
; something to spare. They furnish raw material,
freight, means of liquidation or of supply; and
yet, when they would be even more useful, shall
we pronounce them unworthy, and deny them
opportunity r
j It is one of the political axioms of the writer
j already quoted, everywhere accredited, that na-
i tional wealth is greatly increased or diminished
! by the more or less skill, dexterity, and judg-
1 ment, with which labor is generally applied. As
j legislators, we can have no subject before us of
> higher intrinsic importance.
; Manufacturers, when their books disclose a los-
; ing business, change to a different class of goods;
' merchant?, in like circumstances, to a different
I trade and other markets; but all history shows
i the tenacity with which habits acquired in the cul-
