1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 5, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Kershaw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of Judith Nott;
An act for the relief of Thomas Hasam and B.
S. Brewster;
An act for 'he relief of the heirs of Richard
Tarvin;
An act for the relief of John B. Roper;
An act for the relief of Timothy L. O'Keefee;
An act for the relief of David Bruce;
An act for the relief of Dr. Ferdinand 0. Miller;
An act for the relief of Dr. Thomas Anusell;
An act for the relief of Cornelius H. Latham;
and
An act for the relief of Gardner & Vincent and
others.
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I believe the
matter in relation to the conduct of Judge Wat-
rous was postponed until this morning, and I
suppose it will come up first in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
men from Pennsylvania [Mr. Edie] to suspend
the rules is the first business in order.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing:
the House that the Senate had passed a bill for
the relief of Theresa Dardenue, widow of Abra-
ham Dardenue, deceased, and their children, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the bill (S. No. 239) for the ad-
mission of Oregon into the Union, in order that
it may be referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. EDIE. I must insist on my motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust the request of the gen-
tleman from Georgia will be acquiesced in.
Mr. EDIE. Well, I have no objection.
The bill, no objection being; made, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have an amendment for
that bill in the nature of a substitute, which I de-
sire to offer when the bill comes up for action.
I ask that it may be referred with the bill, to the
Committee on Territories, and printed.
It was so ordered.
EDWIN M. CHAFFEE-
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Edie] to suspend the rules
to enable him to move that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 348) for the
relief of Edwin M. Chaffee; upon which tellers
had been demanded. *
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Hawkins were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 44.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
92, nays 70; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Abbott, A hi, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett,
JBillinghurst, Bingham. Bliss, Bowie, Rraj ton, Burlmgame,
Bum!-, Case. Cavanaiujh, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Claik,
C'Jaw oit, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, CoOax, Corning, Cragm,
James Craig, Curtis, Davidson, Davis ot Mas^aehu&otts,
Dean, Dewaitj Duumick, Durfee, Edie, Elliott, Ploience,-
Foley, Foster, Gtlman, Gihner, Goodwin, Uianger, Giegs*,
llobeit B. Hall. J. Morri>o  ii.uns, Hatch, Hopkins, How-
ard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgoie, Kuapp, Jacob M Kunkel.
John <3. Kiinkel. Leidy, Letter, hovejoy, Maelay, Unm-
phtey iMarshaJKMason, Maynaid.Moinil,Edward Jov Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Mor.-^e, Olivet A Morec,
Mott, Nichols, Paliuor, Paikoi, Feint, William W. Phelps,
Pike, Potter, Purviance, Ready, Reilly, Robbms, Robeits,
Koyce, Savage, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Robert Smith,
William Smith, James A. Stewart, WUham Stewart, Tap-
pan, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Walton, White, Wilson, Wood, Wortendyke. and
Autumn R. Wright—92.
NAY:*—Messrs. Anderson, Atkin«s, Avery, BaikPdale,
Bishop, Bonham. Biancli, Buftlnton, Ca^kie, Join) B. Claik,
Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane. Cookeiill, Comms, Ciaw-
ford, Cuny, Davis of Indiana, Dawc, Dodd, Oowdfli.
EdmuwKon. Eu«tis, Famknei, Gameit. GartrHl, Gooch^
GoodejGroe-br'ck.Lmvrrnce W [Jail, [Jailan, Thomas L.
Hairis, Flawkin-, Hill, Hoard, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jewert,Geoi2e W. JoneO.Gi tncy Jones. Kelly, McQueen,
SauiWil t5. Mai shall, Miles, Miller, Morgan, Mmrav, Pen-
dlet-«n, John S. Phelps, Pottle, Quitman, Itteand. Ritchie,
Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman,
Shorter, Sickles, Spiruier, Stanton, Stevenson, Miles Tay-
lor, Thompson, Underwood, Wade, Elhhu D. Washburne,
and Wmslow—70.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended. During: the call of the
roll, the following proceedings took place:
Mr LETCHER. I was not within the bar
when my name was called. I was detained in the
Ways and Means Committee room.
The SPEAKER. On business of the House ?
Mr. LETCHER. In the discharge of my duties
as a member of the committee. Does the Chair
think I have a right to vote under these circum-
stances ? Because it may happen that I shall be
engaged there during a great part of the remain-
der of the session, and 1 do not want to lose my
right to vote here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
would ask leave of the House for his committee
to sit during the sessions of the House, he would
then have the right to vote when absent on the
business of the committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. To settle this
matter at once, I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee of Ways and Means
have leave to sit during the sessions of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is absolutely
necessary.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. TALBOT. I was not within the bar when
my name was called, or I should have voted "no."
j Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now renew the
! request which I made just now—that the Com-
! mittee of Ways and Means have leave hereafter
j to sit during the sessions of the House. I under-
j stand that the gentleman from Mississippi with-
j draws ins objection.
I Mr. BARKSDALE. I objected because I do
I not believe that distinctions should be made be-
| tween committees of the House. But, as it is near
] the close of the session, and as the Committee of
| Ways and Means has very important duties to
| discharge, I am willing, under the circumstances,
to withdraw the objection.
No further objection being made, leave was
granted to the Committee of Ways andMeans to
sit during the sessions of the House.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recotded,
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion to reconsider,inasmuch as the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania c*an be re-
peated ad infinitum.
CASE OP JUDGE WATROUS,
Mr. HOUSTON". I now propose to call up the
| report of the Judiciary Committee on the subject
i of the impeachment of Judge Watrous. The
I Plouse will remember that, a-few days since, when
i a report was made by myself, from the Commit-
j tee on the Judiciary, the matter was postponed
! until this morning, and leave was given to the
I three branches of*the committee that they should
| be allowed until this morning to present their re-
[ ports to the House. It is important that the re-
j ports should be presented this morning. The
I branch of the Committee with which I act is ready
j to report; and I desire now, if the other branches
; of the committee arc ready, to present our report
, to the House.
| Mr. READY. In behalf of one branch of the
j committfc with whom I act, I must say to the
' House that we are not ready at present to make
! a report. We have a report in course of prepa-
i ration; we have been doing all we could to com-
1 plete it, and shall be ready, certainly, by Monday
! nextto presentit. Ithas been utterly impossible to
; prepare it up to this time; and we must therefore
throw ourselves upon the indulgence of the House
until Monday morning. It is a subject of great
importance. 'There is an immense mass of tes-
timony, oral and written, which must necessa-
rily be gone over, to some extent, in order to be
able to present the prominent points.
* There are a good many questions which may
probably come up in the course of the investiga-
: tion of the subject., and as that portion of the
j committee with which I act differ in the degree of
i guilt to be ascribed to Judge Watrous by another
j portion of the committee, inasmuch as we hold
j the negative, it is a matter of more labor perhaps
to prepare a icport, than it is to prepare a report
| on the affirmative side of the question. We have,
i to some extent, at h-ast, to go upon the supposi-
j tions as to the points which will be presented by
j the affirmative report. Of course we are anxious
| to meet all the points which may arise in the case,
j and it may turn out that we will spend a good deal
i of time and labor upon points which wilt not be
1 presented. But we are not certain of that. We
have not had perhaps as full information upon the
points on which-that portion of the committee
who hold the affirmative will rely in their report,
as we should have desired. We have not, of
jj course, seen their report. Their points were not
stated in committee; and, though I am bound in
justice to some of the gentlemen to say that, in
conversation with them sinee, they have mani-
fested a disposition, in response to my inquiries,
to give me information as to the points upon
which they will rely, the negative have, perhaps,
to use a common expression, " the laboring oar
in their hands."
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to ask if there is
any report of the majority in this case at all?
Have they recommended any action to the House ?
The SPEAKER. There was a report presented
the other day by the majority of the committee.
Mr. READY. A simple resolution, stating
that they had been unable to agree.
Mr. WINSLOW. So I understood—that four
of the committee were in favor of impeachment
and four against it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that a
few days ago a report was presented from the
committee—a unanimous report, as the Chair un-
derstood—-setting forth the fact, that in commit-
tee, four of the members were in favor of articles
of impeachment, and four against it. The report
further craved permission of the House that each
branch of the committee should be permitted to
present their views to the House to-day. The
gentleman from Alabama, as the Chair under-
stands, as the representative of one branch of the
committee, proposes now to submit his report.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,]
representing the other branch, states that he is
not ready to submit his report.
Mr. WINSLOW. So I understand it. But
does the Chair hold that either of these can be
received as reports of committees? I understand
that in Parliament a committee must report, or
ask to be discharged. If u subject is referred to
a committee, as this subject has been referred
to the Judiciary Committee, they must report
what action the House, in their judgment, shall
take. But in this case, instead of executing the
order of the House, they come back and tell us
they cannot make up their minds what the House
ought to do.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will explain. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, under the previous orders of the House,
procured a large mass of testimony. When that
testimony was closed, upon the voting of the
committee, the vote was, of course, taken upon a
resolution to impeach, and then upon a resolution
setting forth the converse of the proposition. The
committee were equally divided, four and four, one
member of the committee not having acted with
the committee in this investigation. Both reso-
lutions necessarily failed; and then the committee
unanimously instructed me to report to the House
j that fact, together with the two resolutions, and
' also with the request that the House would allow
the various branches of the committee to present
their views to-day; for although it is true they
| were divided four to four upon the resolutions,
! yet they were divided, four, three, and one upon
their reports, one gentleman not being willing to
concur in the reasoning of the other three with
whom he voted. The House granted the per-
