THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1858.
New Series.....No. 39.
Sir, I admit that this message is entitled to be
treated with respect, for the reason that it comes
from an officer who is always to be spoken of with
respect so far as those associated with him in the
Government are able to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. As the honorable Senator is
passing to another point, I wish to make an ex-
planation. I think the honorable Senator from
Maine has probably fallen into some error by not
considering the effect of all I have said in regard
to the Army question. I will state it once more
in order to remove a misapprehension from his
mind. I stated in my last speech on that subject
that I spoke with great diffidence on that point,
because I was not half convinced myself. I be-
gan with that remark. I stated that my difficulty
arose in not knowing the future in Kansas, and
the future operations in Utah. If I knew what
was to be done in regard tc Kansas, and if I knew
what was to happen in Utah, I should sec my
course as clear as others; but, on examination of
the whole subject, I came to the conclusion that
there would be such a state of things in Kansas
as would oblige the President to withdraw the
troops. That state of things I considered in the
first place to be the admission of Kansas as a State
during the present session of Congress; or, in the
next place, the leaving of Kansas where she is,
without bringing her in as a slave State under the
Lecompton constitution. I hadno belief then, and
I have not now, that an administration would be
so infatuated as to endeavor to keep an army there,
though such an inference may be drawn from the
President's message. On the other hand, I have
my own mode of reasoning, which brings me to
the conclusion that there are to be disasters in
Utah, which, to-day, do not appear so distinctly
to the vision of other persons, and I was obliged
to decide on the question then when I spoke.
Under these circumstances and having these
opinions, I certainly should give my support to
the measure which I proposed, which was the
employment of an additional number of men with
reference distinctly to their operation in Utah,
and their being disbanded when that difficulty
was through. What circumstances may change
the case I do not know. I stated at the same
time, most distinctly, that the President would
never obtain my vote nor the vote of any other
person, if I had any influence with him, to retain
an army in Kansas, the use of which was to
maintain the Lecompton constitution or to main-
tain Federal authority in the Territory against
the will of the people. That is my position now.
If that should be the state of the case, as the Sen-
ator thinks it will be, I shall vote with him. If,
on the other hand, the state of the case should be
as I think it will be, then J shall expect the hon-
orable Senator to vote with me because I believe
we have precisely the same views on this point,
differing only in the importance we attach to the
developments already made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
predicates his supposition, then, on utterly reject-
ing the President's assurance of what he means
to do. The President says, quite distinctly, that
unless Kansas be admitted as a State with the Le-
compton constitution, he will be obliged to keep
the troops in Kansas. Now,vl know the Senator
does not mean to vote for the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution, and, there-
fore, what is his inference ? He must either take
it for granted that Kansas is to come in under
that constitution, and that, therefore, the troop3
are to be withdrawn, in which case no more are
needed; or else that it is not to come in, and if
not, that the President does not mean to perform
what he has promised in relation to that matter.
I take it for granted that Kansas is not to be ad-
mitted under this Lecompton constitution, and I
take it for granted that the President then will, if
he has army enough, keep troops in Kansas with
a design to control the free-State people there, as
he has done before. I do not understand with
what object the Senator can vote for an increase
of the Army to relieve him from the necessity,
if such a necessity might exist, of withdrawing
those troops for the sake of quelling disturbances
in Utah. The Senator must reconcile it himself.
He undoubtedly acts from the best motives, and
is the best judge of his own actions.
But, sir, I proceed to speak of the message
itself. I was remarking that it was entitled to be
treated with all the respect due to the eminent
position of its author. In times past, we have
been accustomed to receive these messages and to
believe that the author in sending them to Con-
gress, intended to perform that part of his consti-
tutional duty which enjoins on him " from time to
time" to " give to the Congress information of
the state of the Union." A message from the
President of the United States should import ab-
solute verity; and heretofore, whatever else we
may say about them, we have been accustomed
to believe that Presidents of the United States in
communicating a message to Congress, in under-
taking to give information to Congress, would at
least tell the truth; at any rate that they would
not set at defiance known and recorded facts, not
make an argument all on one s.dc; ignoring facts
quite notorious with reference to one position,
and stating that which was not supported by fact
in regard to the other. And yet, sir, with all the
respect which I entertain for the officer who occu-
pies so eminent a position, and notwithstanding
all the impressions I have with reference to his
constitutional duty when making a communica-
tion to Congress, I am compelled to say, I feel
obliged to say, under the circumstances, that the
President has been guilty in this message not only
of ignoring well-known facts, but of stating as
facts things which he must have known,if he ex-
amined the documents, could not be true. What
excuse he has for this before the country, it is not
for me to say.
I have to remark next in regard to the tone of
the message. The tone of the message of the
Chief Magistrate of the Union, to be according
to his character and position, should, in my judg-
ment, be dignified, plain, and impartial; it should
not he denunciatory; yet from the beginning to
the end of this message, we hear from the Chief
Magistrate of the United States strong denun-
ciations, in severe language, of what he admits
to be a majority of the people of the Territory of
Kansas; while he has not one word to say, noth-
ing save excuse and palliation—not even that, but
rather of approbation, implied approbation—for
all that has taken place there in opposing the
efforts of the people of Kansas to obtain a fiec-
State constitution- I think the language of the
message in that particular is unworthy a man who
has been chosen by the suffrages of his fellow-
citizens to fill one of the few great, eminent places
of the world.
It is a little singular, too, when we consider his
education, that, with reference to this contro-
versy, he has no sympathy whatever for the ob-
ject which the people of Kansas, those whom he
admits to be a majority, express themselves as
having in view. He was born and educated in a
free State. He has seen all the advantages of free
institutions. He has seen his native State of
Pennsylvania grow up to be one of the very first
in rank in the Union, and to retain that rank; to be
one of the first in wealth; one of the first in power;
stretching out its arms on every side towards
commerce and manufactures and agriculture—
growing with a rapidity unprecedented, its peo-
ple enjoying all not only of the comforts but of
the elegancies of life, simply from the fact that its
people have been left to labor, to carry out the
| cardinal doctrine on which our institutions weiu
founded—that the capital of the country is the la-
bor and employment of the free people of the coun-
try. Notwithstanding all that, and notwithstand-
ing all that he has witnessed of the enormous
growth of the free States under free institutions,
we have not one word in the message, from the
ji beginning to the end,except denunciation of those
;! who are attempting to extend the benefit of the
11 same institutions to the Territory of Kansas.
! There is no sympathy for them. He exults, his
li tone is that of exultation, when 1ip speaks of the
fact that the Territory of Kansas, which he calls
a State, although it is not yet a State, is now as
much a slave State as Georgia or South Carolina.
His tone is that of feeling, of gratification, that
instead of being a free State, like his own, and
instead of joining the sisterhood of the great free
States of this Union, it has placed itself on the
level—not a lower one; far be it from me to say
that—but on the very different level of the slave
States of this Union, and is bound from this time
henceforward, as he thinks, to the car of slavery.
The tone in which he speaks of this is to fny
mind incomprehensible, and it shows that for
some reason or other he has chosen to forget the
land of his birth and education, with all its mani-
fold advantages and blessings.
Sir, he treats the question as of no importance
to anybody except the slave States of the Union.
It is of trifling importance, he says—not precisely
in those words, for I do not undertake to quote
his language—but it is of little importance com-
paratively to the few thousands in Kansas; as if
the institutions under which they were to live are
of no consequonce to them ! Who should be in-
terested but the thousands who are to live there,
to receive the benefit or suiter the evils which
are to fiovv from the institutions established there?
ft is of consequence to the slave States of the
Union, he says. Is it of none to the free States?
lie docs not intimate that it is. It is of no com-
parative importance, he says, because there are
but a few thousand people in Kansas, forgetting
as he docs, the many thousands and hundreds of
thousands who may be there in a very short period
of time, covering its plains, and filling its valleys
until they smile. It is not enough to say that the
question is of very little comparative importance,
as connected with them, but it is of great import-
ance to the slave States of the Union. They have
much feeling about it; they are to be consulted
about it; but he does not intimate that the free
States, the millions of people who live under con-
stitutions unlike those which have been forced
upon Kansas, can feel any interest in a question
whether that great Territory is to be opened to
them and their descendants, freed from a compe-
tition with that kind of labor which, in my judg-
ment, has cursed so large—yes, the largestportion
of tiie area of the States of this Union. Sir, I say
these remarks, this tone, this want of sympathy,
this exultation, this entire forgetfulness of the
great and much the largest portion of the people
of this country, in the President's message, is to
me mysterious, coming from a man born and edu-
cated as the President has been, under institutions
with which he is so familiar.
Again, the President very clearly intimates that
difficulties must arise in case we refuse to admit
Kansas as a State under the Lecompton constitu-
tion. He warns us in covert but very clear terms,
that the people of the slave States will be excited
on the subject; that they will not be willing to
submit to it; and that, therefore, with a view to
check all the agitation which may arise from the
rejection of the constitution which has thus been
submitted, he counsels that for peace sake we
should admitit. Sir, I should have expected from
the Chief Magistrate of this Union, sworn to sup-
port the Constitution and execute the laws, that
at the time when he stated'the danger that there
might be an excitement, he would have intimated
his opinion, his wish, that that excitement should
not arise; that he would have warned the people
of the slave as well as of the free States against
disobeyingthelaws of the country. What is the
proper tribunal, I should like to know, to settlw
this* question ? Is it not Congress? If Congress
chooses to settle the question adversely to the
views of the President, and say that Kansas shall
not be admitted urtder the Lecompton constitu-
tion, I beg to know why he should not counsel
the people of the slave States to submit to the ma-
jority who have the constitutional right to decide
and have decided? Why does he warn us that
we must pay some regard to tht se threat* of over-
turning the'Constitution, of dissolving the Union,
and shun agitation, because we have been threat-
