THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5.
mission which was asked, and now it is the right
of the committee to present their views; and
though it may not be formal, yet a report was
formally presented by me as the organ of the
committee; it was received by the House as such,
and the permission for the minorities of the com-
mittee to present their views granted.
-Mr. GROW. I presume it is hardly the inten-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama to have the
resolutionspreseutedin this case acted upon during
the present session. If it would meet the gentle-
man's approbation, I propose that the several
branches of the committee have leave to present
their views at any time during the session; that"
ihey shall be printed, and the subject postponed
until the third Monday m December. The testi-
mony, I understand, is very voluminous, and the
House could hardly be expected to act upon it
before that time.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as I am concerned, I
should have no objection to that course. I under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ready]
to say that he is not ready to present his report,
and desires time until Monday. I, of course, can
?resent no objection to that proposition, though
think it is very desirable that the reports should
be presented this morning. I am aware of the
great labor which the gentleman must necessarily
incur in preparing that report. I can very readily
conceive how the gentleman should be justified in
the use of the expression that he had the " labor-
ing oar" in his hands. I am willing to concede
that, with the evidence before us, it is an easier
matter for the affirmative to make out their case,
and I presume the House will concede the fact
when they come to examine the evidence. But,
sir, unless the gentleman is prepared to make his
report at this time, I am not willing to present
the views of that portion of the committee which
I represent at this time, and I therefore move to
postpone the matter until Monday, and that the
various branches of the committee have leave to
report at that time.
I was going to say this in reply to what the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has propounded:
that it is important that the House should act
upon the matter on Monday or Tuesday or Wed-
nesday next, and either adopt a resolution of im-
peachment or defeat it, especially if the determ-
ination of the House shall be to adopt it.
Mr. GROW. How voluminous is this testi-
mony?
Mr. HOUSTON. The testimony which was
not in the ease at the last session of Congress
consists of about four hundred pages.
Mr. GROW. And with that of last Congress,
how much ?
Mr. HOUSTON. With that of last Congress,
it is presumed the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is familiar.
Mr. GROW. I know it is very long, but I have
not read it through.
Mr. HOUSTON. With that testimony, there
will be probably six or seven hundred pages. I
answer at a mere guess.
Mr. READY. Over a thousand pages, I should
think.
Mr. HOUSTON. Admitted. But I was going
to make this reply: when the two reports, or the
three reports, come in, as they will come in on
Monday morning, if it be postponed to that time,
then the members of the House will be able, from
an examination of the reports, to come to a conclu-
sion, and vote either for or against the resolution of
impeachment. The resolution, as my friend from
Pennsylvania very well knows, is simply that a
trial shall be had. It does not conclude the rights
of Judge Watrous, or of anybody. It simply pro-
poses that the case shall be sent to the Senate for
trial.
Mr. GROW. My only object in making the
proposition was to facilitate business. I did not
propose to interfere with the recommendation of
the gentleman. I am satisfied with his explana-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. My purpose is, not to put
the case out of the contiol of the House at this
time, so that if the House shall determine to pass
the resolution, it will have the power to Mo so.
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] j
proposes to ask till Monday next to make ins re-
port, 1 move that leave be granted, and that the
case be postponed till that day.
Mr. READY. One word further. I am very
much obliged to the gentleman from Alabama for i
the motion which he has made. I think that is j
the fair and liberal course, and I am only sorry j
he did not adopt it a little sooner and save the :
time of the House consumed in this discussion, j
But I want to say one word in reply to a little i
fling which the gentleman has made at the portion
of the committee with which I act. He says we
have the laboring oar, and that he is not at all
surprised we would find it difficult to make oifr re-
port. I join issue with my friend from Alabama.
I deny that we have the laboring oar, while I
admit that it is a matter of considerable difficulty
and time to prepare a proper report. But that
is because the grounds on which we suppose the
gentlemen with whom my friend from Alabama
acts are so intangible and imperceptible that it
would require a microscopic vision to perceive
anything in them on which to base a report. But
still, small and minute'as the points may, be, we
think it is but respectful to the gentlemen with
whom we are associated, and also to the House,
to meet the points which they may think proper
to present. Therefore it is that our report re-
quires so much labor. It is suggested to me to
call the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will do that myself. I re-
gret very much that my friend from Tennessee
seems to take it in such high dudgeon that I agree
with him 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is be-
fore the House'
The SPEAKER. The motion to further post-
pone the further consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to make a
speech. I just wish to say to my friend from
Tennessee, that he argued to show that he had
the laboring oar, and had a hard case to make
out. I agreed with him; and he now complains
of me for doing so. I hardly know what to do
to satisfy him.
The motion to postpone till Monday next was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to postpone was agreed to,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to report back,
from the Joint Committee on the Library, the bill
(H. R. No. 583) pi ovuhng for keeping and distrib-
uting all public documents. 1 desire to put it upon
its passage. I think there will be vei y little ob-
jection to the bill.
The bill was read. The first section charges
the Secretary of the Interior with receiving,
arranging, safe-keeping, and distribution of all
printed journals of the two Houses.of Congress,
and all other books and documents, of every na-
ture whatever, already or hereafter directed by
law to be printed or purchased for the use of the
Government, except of such as arc directed to be
printed or purchased for the particular use of Con-
gress, or of either House thereof, or for the par-
ticular i^se of the Executive or of any of the De-
partments; and for this purpose the Secretary of
the Interior i.s directed to set apart a proper room
or rooms in the Patent Office building to be used
for this and no other purpose; and the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, pubheprinter, binder,
or contractor, or any other person whose duty it
shall be by law to deliver any of the same, shall
deliver the same to him there.
The second section provides that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to obtain and
remove from the other Departments and offices,
and from the Congressional Library, and other
places where the same are now kept, all such
Journals, books, and other documents now on
hand and described in the foregoing section; and
for this purpose, so much as is necessary of the
appropriation made in the following clause of the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1858," approved
Maich 3, 1857, to wit: {i For expenses of pack-
ing and distributing congressional Journals and
documents, in pursuance of the provisions con-
tained in the joint resolution of Congress, ap-
proved 28th of January, 1857, $*22,000," as re-
mains unexpended, is appropriated.
Section three provides that a register of such
Journals, books, and other documents shall be kept
under the authority of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, showing the quantityand kind of each atany
time received by him in pursuance of this act; and
it shall be his duty to cause to be entered in such
register, at the proper time, when, where, and to
whom the same, or any part of them, have been
distributed and delivered, and to report the same
to Congress at the first session of each Congress.
Section four provides that the same shall be
delivered out by the Secretary of the Interior only
on the written requisition of the heads of the De-
partments, Secretary of the Senate, Clerk of the
House of Representatives, Librarian ofCongress,
and other officers and persons, private and corpo-
rate, who are by law authorized to reccive the
same, except where by law the Secretary of the
Interior is required, without such requisition, to
cause the same to be sent and delivered; and that
in either of such cases it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to-cause the same to be
sent and delivered, the expenses thereof, except
when otherwise directed, to be charged on the
contingent fund of the Department.
Section five provides that all such Journals,
books, and other documents, shall hereafter be
distributed according to and for the purposes now
prescribed by law, except that the distribution
of the same to the Governors of the States and
Territories, and to the judges of the courts of the
United States, and other officers and public bodies
within the States or Territories shall be wholly
under the control of the Secretary of the Interior;
and the joint resolution approved March 20,1858,
supplementary to the joint resolution of January
28, 1857, respecting the distribution of certain
documents, is hereby repealed, except so much of
it as strikes out the words " by him" at the end of
the third section of said joint resolution, and sub-
stitutes in place thereof the words " to him by the
Representative in Congress from each congres-
sional district, and by the Delegate from each
Territory in the United States;" provided, that
such distribution shall first be made at the instance
of the Representatives in Congress from districts
in which said public documents have not already
been distributed, so that the quantity distributed
to each congressional district and Territory shall
be equal.
Section six repeals the tenth section of an act
entitled " An act to establish the 'Smithsonian In-
stitution' for the increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men," approved August 10, 1846.
Section seven declares, that by this act the dis-
tribution of all the works mentioned in the first
section as public documents is intended and di-
rected to be made, except the " Exploring Expe-
dition" conducted by Commander Wilkes.
Section eight provides, that all books, maps,
charts, and other publications of every nature
whatever, heretofore deposited in the Department
of State according to the laws regulating copy-
rights, together with all the records of the De-
partment of State in regard to the same, shall be
removed to, and be under the control of, the De-
partment of the Interior, which is charged with
all the duties connected with the same, and with
all matters pertaining to copyright, in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Depart-
ment of State is now charged with the same; and
that hereafte^ all such publications, of every na-
ture whatever, shall, under present laws and reg-
ulations, be left with and kept by him.
Section nine provides, that the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library may, at any time, dispose
of duplicate, injured, or wasted books of the
library, or any other matter in the library not
deemed proper to it, in such manner as such
committee may deem best.
Section ten provides, that all such books aird
documents, when received at the proper office,
libraries, &c., as provided by law, shall be kept
there and not removed from such places.
DEATH OF SENATOR HENDERSON.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, communicating to the
House the fact that the Senate had passed the fol-
lowing resolutions:
In Senate ot the United Stated,
June 5, 1858.
Resolved, unanimously. That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect to
