2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 7, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. Morsell.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. DAVIS presented the credentials of the
Hon. Albert Gallatin Brown, elected a Sena-
tor of the United States by the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi, for the term of six years,
beginning the 4th of March, 1859; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Muskingum county, Ohio, praying the enactment
of a general bankrupt law; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the affidavit of John W.
Blake, relative to the election of the Hon. Jesse
D. Bright and the Hon. Graham N. Fitcii, as
Senators of the State of Indiana in the Congress
of the United States; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Bourbon county, Kansas, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Kansas City to Port
Scott; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KENNEDY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maryland relative to the construc-
tion of a new canal around the falls of the Ohio
river; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill, (C. C. No. 84,) received from the
House of Representatives on Saturday last, for
the relief of Ferdinand Coxe, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETER PARKER.
' The bill (H. R. C. C. No. 85) for the relief of
Pete^ Parker, was read twice by Us title.
Mr. 1VERSON. I wish to make amotion in
relation to that bill. The Committee on Claims
jof the Senate, to which it would be referred, have
already considered the question, having had a
similar bill before them; and I therefore ask the
Senate to act upon it now, without referring it to j
the committee. The Senate, at the last session, ;
passed precisely the same bill. It simply allows
Slim the difference between bin pay as charge
d'affaires and commissioner to China for the tune
he acted in that capacity. It is, I believe, mac- |
coidance with a well-settled principle. |
There being no objection, the bill was consid- ;
ered as in Committee of (he Whole. It was re- j
ported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, i
read the third tune, and passed. i
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR. j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A mistake has occurred
in reporting to the House of Representatives the
action of the Senate upon House bill No. 356.
It was reported to the House by the Secretary of
the Senate, as having passed this body without
amendment, when, in fact, it passed the Senate
with an amendment. I ask leave to move that the
House of Representatives be requested to return
the engrossed bill, in order that the report from
the Senate to the House may be corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that this was a House private
bill. It passed the Senate with an amendment
striking out the second section. By some mis-
take m the office that amendment was not noticed,
and the bill was sent back to the House of Rep-
resentatives as having passed the Senate without
amendment. It, has been enrolled and signed by
the Presiding Officers of the two Houses, and it
will be for the Senate to say what is the best dis-
position to make of the subject. No doubt the
Purulent, on a suggestion, would veto the bill on
that ground; but it may be within the power of
Congress to auest it.
Mr. STUART. I should like to know when
the bill was passed.
Mr. FOOT. I think it was on Friday.
Mr. STUART. If it was passed last Friday,
it can be reconsidered; the time allowed for re-
consideration has not expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the Senate passed the bill on Friday
last.
Mr. PUGH. I think it is better to send to the
House of Representatives for the bill, and then
we can act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion that the Secretary be directed to re-
quest the House of Representatives to return the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I delivered that bill to the Pres-
ident, this morning, and you cannot get it back
now without a foot race.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that he had a conference with
the Speaker of the House of Representatives this
morning in regard to the bill, and deeming it
probable that the bill had gone to the President,
it was suggested between them that the sugges-
tion might be made to him.
Mr. JONES. I took it to the President this-
morning;.
Mr. PUGH. If the bill is here, we had better
return it to the House of Representatives; that is
the shortest way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill for the relief
of Roswell Minard, father of Theodore Minard,
deceased.
Mr. JONES. That is not the bill I alluded to.
That has not yet been taken to the President.
Mr. PUGH. Then I move that the Secre-
tary return .the bill to the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. STUART. That cannot be done. The
only way to reach it is to go on with a motion to
reconsider, and then wc can take such action as is
necessary. We cannot return a bill to the House
unless they request it.
Mr. PUGH. Then I will make a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It strikes me that the point
of mistake in regard to this bill was, in making
the report from the Senate to the House of Rep-
resentatives, that the bill had passed the Senate
without amendment, when, m fact, it had passed
with an amendment. There is the origin of the
mistake, and there is the point at which we should
begin. The truth is, this bill has now passed
j both Houses, but there has been a mistake in re-
porting the action of the Senate to the House
of Representatives, and I think the true course
for us to take is to request the House of Repre-
sentatives to return the engrossed bill to the Sen-
ate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
been agreed to.
Mr. STUART. Then, sir, if that be the state
of the case, the Senate may correct its message to
the 1 louse.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And then the House can
concur in our amendment or otherwise.
MISSOURI TWO PER CENT.
Mr. PUGH. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (II. 11. No. 303) giving the assent
of Congress to a law of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, for the application of the reserved two per
j cent, fund of the said State was referred to the
| Committee on Public Lands. A similar bill has
! already been favorably reported upon by that
] committee, and I think this House bill had better
j be put on its passage, or placcd on the Calendar
I now.
,i Mr. HUNTER. It would be better to move
to discharge the committee from its consideration.
Mr. PUGH. I make that motion.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. PUGH. I now ask that the bill to be put
; upon its passage It relates to the two per cent,
i reserved from several States for the purpose of
! completing the national road. The Government
| never completed the road west of Springfield, II-
j Imois.
: Mr. COLLAMER. I object to the passage of
, that bill.
! Mr. PUGH. It is a fund that belongs to the
State.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say it does not belong
to the State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot-now be considered; but must
take its place upon the Calendar.
ANNUAL EXPENDITURE.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause the heads of the Executive Departments
to submit estimates, at the next session of Congress, upon
the basis of an expenditure not exceeding sixty million dol-
lars, exclusive of the payment of the public debt for the
fiscal yew commencing the 1st of July. 1839.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
440) for the relief of James Tilton; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
392) to continue the office of register of the land
office at Vincennes, Indiana, reported it without
amendment.
tie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported them
without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of congres-
sional township number twenty-seven north, of
range number six east, in Wabash county, in the
State of Indiana; and
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of settlers
on certain lands in the State of Illinois.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 3G5) authorizing the
judges of the late Territory of Minnesota to dis-
charge certain trusts, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 34) explanatory of
an act entitled " An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of Mis-
sissippi and other States," approved the 3d of
March, 1857, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed. The bill was ordered to lie on the table,
no action on the subject being deemed necessary.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 433) to run, mark,
and survey the western boundary of the State of
Minnesota, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the city of St. Paul,
Minnesota, reported a bill (S. No. 441) relinquish-
ing the interest of the United States in certain land
to the city of St. Paul, Minnesota; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 432) to amend an
act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 3856,"
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and resolution,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration; which was agreed los
A bill (S. No. 105) to asceitain and adjust the
titles to certain lands in Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 246) to provide for the geological
and mineralogical survey of the Territory of New
Mexico;
A joint resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing the
suspension of sales of public lands in the Terri-
tory of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 24) to secure to actual settlers
the alternate sections of the public lands reserved
, in the giants to the States for railroads;
A bill (S. No. 415) to extend the principles of
the preemption act to certain lands herein men-
tioned, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 378) to enable Columbian College,
in the District of Columbia, to found and establish
a professorship of agriculture and mechanical sci-
ence, and to complete her endowment fund, and
for the benefit of the public schools of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia; and
A bill (S. No. 379) to enable the Columbian Col-
lege, in the District of Columbia, to found and
establish a professorship of agriculture and me-
chanical science, and comple'e her endowment
fund, arid for the benefit of the public schools of
Washington, Distiict of Columbia.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred two petitions of citizens of Wash-
