614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
tary Stanton. They say it, and nobody under-
takes to dispute it.
Now, all these forms having been complied
-with, pledges having been forfeited, the question
not submitted, and a cheat in the vote, we are told
that legality is all on one side, and illegality on
the other, and we are bound to take the result;
in other words, that this is a legal ratification.
That is the principle laid down, and it amounts
to this: that because it has never been submitted,
therefore, it has been legally adopted—a logical
conclusion to which I am entirely unable to give
my assent.
What is the reply which is made to the allega-
tion of fraud ? The honorable Senator fromGeor-
gia makes it. His reply is, that it must be inves-
tigated in the proper place. What is the proper
place ? Is not this the tribunal? Where is the
question to be settled if not here ? Are not we
the tribunal to settle the question whether Kan-
sas shall be admitted as a State under this consti-
tution ? Are we not the tribunal to settle whether
the matter has been fairly submitted to the people
of Kansas, and whether they have adopted the
constitution ? It comes before us for action. If
a better tribunal than this can be found to settle
the question definitely, I wish the honorable Sen-
ator had pointed it out.
The votes on the constitution are returned to
Mr. John Calhoun. He is the man who forfeited
his pledge; he is the man who broke his word;
he is the man who promised to submit this con-
stitution to the people of Kansas, and refused to
do so. The votes are to be returned to him; ho
declares them; he claims no power to go behind
the returns; and he is the person to make a con-
elusive return on this subject. When we wish to
inquire into -the truth of these allegations, and
judge whether this constitution does fairly ex-
press the wiil ofthepeople of Kansas,is it enough
to reply, "the question has been settled by Mr.
Calhoun, and he is the proper tribunal; and the
Congress of the United States in deciding whether
or not Kansas is to come into the Union as a
State has no right to inquire whether a fraud has
been committed or not; or whether the will of the
people of Kansas has been expressed or not?'' 1
reply again that the Senator from Georgia, for he
is an eminent lawyer, well knows the principle
that fraud vitiates everything, no matter what.
It vitiates the record of a court of law. It sets
aside a judgment. This is claimed as a judgment
of the people of Kansas; a judgment that is con-
clusive by virtue of the decision that has been
made there by a person who is a party to the
whole thing. It is claimed as a judgment. We
ask to go behind it, and inquire into it. It is said
wo are precluded; on what principle ? Not on the
principle of law, for if fraud will vitiate the record
of a court and enable any proper tribunal to in-
quire into it, I wish to know why fiaud will not
vitiate an election, as has always been held from
the foundation of the Government to the present
time, when that election is brought before the
very tribunal which is appointed by the Consti-
tution to settle the question?
My conclusion, then,Mr. President, 011 ail this
matter is, simply, that the President of the Uni-
ted States, in sending this communication to us,
his written argument, has deliberately chosen to
omit the most important facts in the case, as well
known to him, or which should have been as well
known to him, as any man; for he cannot plead
ignorance. They are facts apparent on the rec-
ord; palpable,plain, unmistakable. He has omit-
ted to state them, and he has stated others which
are disproved by the record accompanying the
message. It has been shown overand overagain,
beyond all power of contradiction, and I take it
few men can be found with hardihood to deny it,
that the vote of December 21st, on the constitu-
tion, does not express the will of the majority of
the people of Kansas. The attempt is merely to
estop us, and to say that, by virtue of the success
of these fraudulent practices, the people of Kan-
sas have no right to inquire into the matter. Sir,
I deny the principle. It exists neithpr in law, nor
in equity, nor in legislation, nor anywhere where
truth and justice prevail. Therefore, all I have to
say in reference to that matter is, that consider-
ing the question in that point of view, this con-
stitutions presents itself to mymtnd as an outrage,
deliberately planned, followed up remorselessly,
and, perhaps, from the indications wo have had,
designed to be carried through and imposed on
the people of Kansas. All I have to say is, that
it will meet with my resistance, feeble as it may
be, here, so long as I am authorized to act on it,
under the forms of the Constitution of the United
States.
Sir, I have considered this question so far wholly
with reference to the simple point whether, in the
exercise of what is called popular sovereignty in
Kansas, there has been any adoption by the peo-
ple of that Territory of the constitution thus pre-
sented. That is only one branch of the remarks
which I intended to present to the Senate, and the
Senate will pardon me if, on this occasion, I go
a little further, and treat of what I believe to be
still more important, at any rate, as important,
and, as affecting my mind, as materially with refer-
ence to the whole subject. I have presented the
question on the ground of popular sovereignty.
The party to which I belong have rejected the idea
of popular sovereignty in the Territories from the
beginning. We do not reject the idea that the
people have a right to rule. We admit it in our
principles and our practice; but we have rejected
the idea that Congress had a right to change the
whole form in which it had been accustomed to
exercise authority over the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, and lay those Territories open to sla-
very when they were free, under the name of
giving the people the right to prescribe their own
institutions in their own way. Since this doctrine
of popular sovereignty has been forced on us—
j since it has been adopted, to a certain extent—
1 we have been compelled to yield to it. We were
in hopes that even in the exercise of that principle,
of the right which it was said the people had to
frame their own institutions, Kansas would be a
free State. We sympathised with it in the hope
that it would be available. We took it as the
shipwrecked mariner takes the first plank on which
he can lay his hand in order to escape death. The
boon was apparently held out, if it was a boon, to
the people—the right to settle what their institu-
tions should be by their ovrn popular vote. We
rejected it when oiFered, because we believed it
was a breaking down of the land-marks which
Congress had adopted with reference to the Ter-
ritories, and establishing a principle that would
carry civil war and slavery into the Territories.
Our predictions 111 that particular have been ver-
ified.
Why have we rejected it; why have we repu-
diated it in regard to the Territory of Kansas—
because in the remarks which I have to make I
confine myself to that? I answer for myself when
1 say that I repudiated it because, to me, the cir-
cumstances under which it was introduced were
such as to lead to the conclusion that, m my mind,
it would make no difference even if the whole
people of Kansas had adopted a constitution which
recognized slavery. I expressed my sentiments
on that subject on a former occasion very dis-
tinctly, and if I may be excused for doing so, 1
although I am ordinarily averse to attempting; to 1
repeat myself, I wish to refer to what I said when j
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was under considera- j
tion, as the ground which I hold at the present !
time. I said then: i
"If gentlemen expect to quiet nit these contiovei--ics by |
adopting what my constituents now consider, and veiy |
wotl consider, an act of gross wrong, under whatever pie- 1
tense it. may be, whether on the giound of the unconstiui- !
tionahty of the former act, or any other, after having rested |
so long satisfied with it, let me tell them that this, in my !
judgment, is the beginning of their troubles. I erm answer j
lor one individual. I have avowed my own opposition to |
slaveiy, and I am as strong 111 it as inv tucml liom Ohio, ,
[Mr. Wads.] I wish to say, again. Hint I do not mean that '
[ have any of the particular ieehug on the subjc ct which <
gentlemen have called ! sickly sentimentality.'but if this 1
matter is to be pushed beyond what the Constitution oiigm- i
ally intended it; if, lor political purposes, and with a polit- j
icjl design and effect—because it is a political design and !
enect—we are to be driven to the wall by legislation here, j
let me tell gentlemen that this is not the l.isfthey will hear
of the question. Ternlones are not State*, and'if this re- :
stnetion is repealed with regard to that Territory—it is not
yet 111 the Union, and you may he ptepared to understand |
that, with the assent of the free States, in my judgment it 1
never will come into the D'nion, except with exclusion of \
slavery."—appendix to Congresiional G?Jo6e,vol.29,p.33-i. j
I took the ground then, that if the Missouri re- ;
striction were repealed, and this Territory which j
had been dedicated to freedom, thrown open to |
the incursions of slavery for the purpose, as I be-
lieved then, and believe now, of making a slave :
| State of it, it was not the last of my opposition; j
that if it presented itself in my day with a con- i
stitution allowing slavery, I should oppose its
admission as a State. 1 am willing to go further
now and say that, viewing it as I did at the time,
and as I do now, to be an outrage, to be a breach
of compact, to be a repeal of that restriction for
the purpose of making slave States out of Territory
which was before dedicated to freedom, I hold my-
self at liberty to contest it, now and at all times
hereafter. Establish slavery in that State, if you
please, by force or fraud, for nothing but force or
fraud can do it; and the result with regard to my-
self is that, on that subject, I hold the liberty to
agitate, I shall hold the liberty to agitate, and I
will agitate so long as a single hope remains that
slavery may be driven from the Territory thus
stolen, robbed from freedom. I have no hesita-
tion on that point; I am perfectly willing to avow
it now and before the country. While I say now,
as I have said here before, that with regard to the
slave States of thisUnion, Iwould not, if I could,
interfere with their institutions; while I hold that
under the Constitution of the United States we
have no right to interfere with them directly, and
that under the laws of morality we have no right
to do indirectly that which we have no right to do
directly; and while I am willing they should enjoy
all the benefit they can get from their institution
undisturbed by me, here, henceforth, and forever,
as long as they may choose to embrace it, with
regard to thisTerritory which has once been dedi-
cated to freedom by a solemn compact, and which
has been stolen from freedom by the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and where slavery has
now been forced on the people by a series of out-
rages such as the world never saw—a man can
hardly imagine the gross character of these out-
rages-—I hold myself free from all obligation.
Force it there if you will; force in this constitu-
tion if you please; but I hold myself absolved, so
far as the Territory is concerned, from all obliga-
tion to receive it.
I was commenting on the idea of what was
called popular sovereignty, and I was about to
say that I considered it at the time, and now con-
sider it, a mere pretext. It was a mere excuse for
! the repeal of the Missouri restriction. Jt was de-
| signed, ill my judgment, and I stated it deliber-
j ately, for the purpose of making Kansas a slave
j State. This was denied; it was denied indig-
! nantly on this floor. I have been myself rebuked
for undertaking to question the motives with which
the act was done. Sir, I appeal to the recorded
speech of the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina,[Mr. Evans,] whostated,in substance, sub-
; sequent to the passage of the act, that it was de-
| signed to make Kansas a slave State. I appeal to
j the speech made by a northern man, I regret to
I say a Representative from Pennsylvania, in the
other House, who said, substantially, that it was
designed to give Kansas to slavery as a sort of
offset, to what we obtained in California, south
of the iine of 36° 30'. I appeal moreover, as proof
conclusive, to the fjcts which took place at the
time; to the nature of the bill; to the want of ne-
cessity for the passage of any such act for any
other purpose; and to the peculiar provisions of
that bill which so hemmed in Kansas and hedged
it about with slave Territory, that, apparently, it
was impossible for the people of the free States
to make their entrance into it.
What else could have been meant by the re-
peal of the Missouri restriction ? I know some
gentlemen said " it is a matter of feeling with us;
we do not think anything will come of it." It
was answered with the manifest reply, "will you
set the country in a blaze from one end to the
other merely upon a point of honor; for a thing
that you do not intend or wish to avail yourselves
of?" If it could be rendered more manifest by
anything that could be appealed to, it was proved
by every after transaction with reference to the
matter; it was proved by the forcible invasion; it
was proved by that series of outrages to which I
have referred; and now, at this day, nobody un-
dertakes to deny what we then charged.
I say, therefore, that this popular sovereignty
idea was a pretense. It was held up to the peo-
ple for a short time as, in fact, the main thing to
be accomplished by the bill. The honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia the other day undertook to say
here in his place that he was familiar with that
provision, and that it was not introduced for any
such purpose; but simply for the purpose of ex-
cluding a conclusion; that is to say, that there
