2¥24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
prescribes. I think he went beyond his three-
score years and ten, He lived to agreen old age,
and died in his bed, after spending the last thirty
or forty years of his life in this city as Adjutant
General of the Army of the United States, with
high" emoluments, and had not even seen the face
of an enemy from his early youth.
If this bill be passed, you ought to give a pen-
sion to the widow of every officer who dies in his
bed. The whole policy is wrong. If you are
going to grant pensions on exceptional grounds,
the exception ought to be for some great and em-
inent service. If you take anybody out of the
rale, you ought to do it for exceptions plain, ap-
parent, and very carefully done. This very com-
mittee, 1 think, has refused to grant a pension to
the widow of another officer of merit and distinc-
tion, Colonel Turnbull. 1 do not know that that
was well refused; I only say this is ill granted,
and on insufficient reasons. It will not do to speak
of the toils of office. Probably there is not a gen-
tleman in this body who could not make as good
a case. I have heard complaint that our sittings
here and long service impair the health of some
gentlemen, and many have lost their lives while
in the Senate. Why not give pensions to then
widows ? Sir, this is made a pretense; it is nota
reason for pensions. It is against the well-settled
policy of the Government, established from the
foundation of the Republic. Tin'? is a system of
favoritism that ought not to be allowed. To re-
cord my protest against the case, and against the
policy, I shall call for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. THOMSON", of Now Jersey. The hon-
orabloScnator from Georgia objects to the passage
of this bill on the ground that it establishes a new
precedent. Now, sii, nothing in the world can
'lea greater mistake than that. Congress has
been in the habit of legislating in this way, grant-
ing pensions to widows in a gieat many cases:;
and, with the permission of the Senate, 1 wiil
state a few. Mrs. Muigaret L. Woith, widow
of the late Brevet Brigadier Geneial Worth, re-
ceived a pension of fifty dollars a month, by the
act of January 7,1853; Mrs. Elizabeth Armisted,
widow of Colonel Armisted. of the third ai ullcry,
received a pension by the act uf January 20,1853;
Mrs. Elizabeth McNeil, widow of the late Brig-
adier General McNeil, who was not in the Army
at the time of his death, or for many years pre-
vious, received a pension by the act of Febiuaiy
11, 1850; Mrs. Mary V. Lomux, Mrs. Frances
E. Baden, Mrs. Elizabeth Monroe, Mrs. Mary E.
"VVinship, and many otheis, have received pen-
sions on the same principle. All those arts have
been passed by Congiess, granting pensions to
widows of meritorious officers who had died, not
from wounds received or disabilities .incurred in
the service of the United States. The case is a
highly meritoiious one, and i hope this bill will
pass.
Mr. HAYNE. I rise to say a single word. I
can tell my distinguished friend from Geoigia that
the cases of Colonel Tui nbull and Geneial Jones,
between which'he has drawn a paiallel, are ex-
ceedingly different. He understands as well as
any individual, the difference between a veteian
soldier from A to Z, and a young man of high
talent, character, and respectability, as Colonel
Turnbull was. I cannot, on this occasion, avoid
saying a word in behalf of an old comrade who,
from the moment he joined the service, performed
the most aiduous duties, distinguished himself
in every engagement; a man of libeial feelings,
honest, praiseworthy in eveiy respect; who left
behind him a large family in poverty. Alter the
cases stated by my honoiahle fnend from New
Jersey, I do not see why this is not the strongest
case of the whole. Geneial Jones was wounded
in action. At Chippewa, at Bridgewater, on evei y
occasion that added honor to the glory and fame
of the country, Jones was always nt his post, im-
itating the Fathor of his Countiy, being a native
of the same State.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to be informed
what will be the pension granted under this bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to put the
name of Mrs. Jones on the roil of pensions, and
pay her a pension at the rate of one half the
monthly pay to which her husband was entitled
at the time of his death. I always prefer, whe.n
voting for a bill of this sort, to know exactly what
1 am voting for; and if the Senator who reported
the bill will inform me what one half the monthly
pay of her late husband was, I shall be glad to
know.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I think about
'fifty dollars a month; not exceeding that.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I should prefer to say-
in th is bill " notexceeding fifty dollars a month."
1 would vote for the bill in that form. I move
that amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I suggest that the best course
would be to insert the word "proper" after the
word" pay."
Mr. SLIDELL. Say not exceeding fifty dol-
lars a month.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
can only be received by unanimous consent at
this stage. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on the amendment.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the language
of the bill is that adopted by the usage of legisla-
tion and understood by the Department. One half
the pay per month is the ordinary pension given.
That is considered to mean one half the pay
proper. The bill comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives; the application has been before Con-
gi ess for several years; and I should be very much
indisposed now to agree to any amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL! 1 had occasion to look at this
subject lately, as I introduced a bill the other day
1 for the relief of the widow of General Smith, and
; I prepared that bill in conformity to past usage.
I I really do not know what the half pay of a ma-
jor geneial is. I very much prefer to call things
by their right names. Though I am not inclined
to support these bills generally, I am not at all
opposed to an allowance of fifty dollars a month
to Mrs. Jones; and I really can see no sort of ob-
j jection to putting into the bill on amendment that
it shall not exceed fifty dollars a month. The idea
thrown out that to umond the bill will cause diffi-
culty in the House of Representatives, is a mere
bugbear. There is no difficulty at all. If the bill
be sent back to the House of Representatives
With such an amendment, the House will concur
in the amendment, and the bill will be finally
passed befoi e the adjournment of Congress, with-
out the slightest difficulty.
Mr. JONES. I hope the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, will notbeagroed to. These
pensions are, irratuiues granted by the Govern-
ment of the United States to the families of the
brave men who have served their country. There
is no exact rule by which to judge of the amount
that shall be paid to them, and I insist upon it,
that if paid at all, they ought to be paid hbeially.
It has been the uniform piaetice in both Houses
! of Congress to repot to bill granting half the pay
to which the officer was entitled at the time of Ins
J death according to his rank,and I hoj)e that will
| be given in this case, whether it amounts to fifty
! dollars a month or seventy-live dollars a month.
: I hope, that as gallant a man as General Jones
; was, may bo honored after his death by a pen-
i sion to his widow and children of half the amount
of his monthly pay, whether it be seventy-five
] or otfe hundred dollars. In fact, however, it is
I not nK>rc than forty-live or fifty dollars. The
I Senatui fiom Louisiana wishes to fix it at fifty
; dollars. That will cause the bill to go back to the
I House. There is no rule by which to judge of
| the matter. It is altogether a matter of gratuity
on the part of the Government, and if we propose
to be liberal, I want to be really so. 1 shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am vci'y much astonished at
the mduierence, I will not use another term, of the
statements made by gentlemen us to the rule. If
this man had died, sword in hand, storming the
city of Mexico, lus widow would have got the
,, half pay of a lieutenant colonel in the Army, and
:; no more.
;j Mr. JONES. Under the general law.
ij Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator said there was
■ i no rule. Here is a rule. Will Con gress make an
(i exception when a man dies in his bed after forty
j| years' residence m this capital? Will it give
j: gieater pay to his widow than to the widow of a
| man who dies storming the batteries of the cne-
i! rnics of the country ? Take all the men who shed
! their blood on the Canada frontier, at New Or-
;j leans, in'Mexico, and not one of their widows
| gets more than the half pay of a lieutenant colonel.
[ That is the law of the land. You may make an
i exception of course; you may give any favorite
the pay of a lieutenant general-, but if General
Scott fell to-morrow in defense of the flag of his
country, his widow could only get half the pay
proper of a lieutenant colonel in the Army of the
United States by law.
But the honorable Senator from New Jersey
tells me of instances. What are his instances?
He is mistaken as to my ground. I said it was
against principle and against ancient practice; and
every case he read was in 1853, or since that time.
His precedents were set when we were departing
from principle, when we were breaking up the very
moorings of the Republic, when we have carrie'd
the Government from $30,000,000 to $80,000,000
a year, and there is no arresting the sluice—it is
then that these extraordinary precedents come in.
You did not apply any such princiole to the men
of the Revolution. My honorable friend from
South Carolina talks of the gallantry of General
Jones in two or three actions of the last war with
England. Sir, theie weie brave men before Ag-
amemnon. The men who sued their blood on the
fields of the Revolution never got this bounty.
The men who shed their blood in defense of your
flag in the war of 1SI2 never got it. Why, then,
shall the family of this man get it? Is it a ques-
tion of patriotism? No, it is one of favoritism.
There are thousands of cases where men have
died sword in hand, and you have given their
families what the country has judged a fair com-
pensation; ami more than that, it was part of the
contract of their blood. You gave it to them when
they enteied the Army. They did not get a gra-
tuity—which ought not to be given to anybody.
Every case which has been piesented or can be
presented by the Senator from New Jersey, on
behalf of the Committee on Pensions, is since
1853. Then, for seventy yeais of the Republic,
there is not a case to be found by the committee;
none for the Revolution; none for the war of 1812;
none for your Indian wars. But for a few years
past, when Congress has become profligate; when
favoritism, not principle, rules their-action; such
provisions have been made. Some of the cases
which he cited, however, were really within the
equity of the general law, and then they ought
to be exceptions. I recollect one case that met
me here, where an officer was killed in the dis-
charge of his duties. It was not in war, but he
was engaged in arresting some deserters, and was
killed while performing that duty. That was one
of the cases. The case of McNeil was a flagrant
violation of all principle. It passed here, as many
other cases pass the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, sub silentio,when principle is departed
from. For the first forty years of the Govern-
ment, if you look over the different reports of the
Committees on Pensions, as I did when I served
on that committee, you will find that they put
them down on hai d principles, and stood to them.
Favoritism did not then control. It is only within
the last four or five years that this profligacy has
led to the violation of principles established since
the foundation of the Government, bestowing
gratuities and bounties on whoever would ask for
them.
1 know, sir, that it is a disagreeable task to op-
pose such bills. I know it brings nothing prob-
ably but denunciation. I know it is painful. I
knew this man well. I had a high estimate of
him as a gentleman who did his duty, and did it
faithfully; but he was well rewarded for it. He
reached the highest honors of his profession. At
one time, I know, because we supposed he did
notget his office of Adjutant General quite as soon
as he ought to have got it, because Mr. Monroe
did not act as we thought he ought to do, he came
to Congress, and a special act was passed giving
him ^5,000 for an office he never held. Now,
when he dies; after the Mexican war; after he
has lived beyond the appointed age of mankind;
we are told that his widow shall have half the pay
of a major general in the United States Army.
This cannot be a stronger case than that of many
who have shed their blood in defense of the coun-
tiy. The bill ought to be amended, at least, to
bring it down to half the pay of a lieutenant col-
onel m the Army; and I move that amendment;
but I suppose the Senate will pass this, or any
other bill, for a pension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present amend-
ment is that offered by the Senator from Louisi-
ana, which came in by unanimous consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator from Lou-
