1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1701
spoken upon the question. These are the author-
ities, I suppose, upon which my colleague relies
to sustain his charges against the pro-slavery party
in Kansas ! Why, sir. this cry wa£ commenced
in 1854, immediately after the passage of the Kan-
sas and Nebraska bill, and it has been kept up
ever since. Sorry am I that southern men are
now found to join in it. That the pro-slavery
men have committed no wrongs, I am far from
saying. Assailed, as they have been, by lawless
bands of Abolitionists, who boasted of their in-
tention, first to abohtionize Kansas and then over-
run Missouri, they would have been more or less
than men had they borne themselves faultless in
such a contest. But, sir, can the charges against
the pro-slavery party, made by my colleague, be
sustained by any other authority than that to
which I have alluded?
I have already proved by Governor Walker,
as well as by the Raleigh Register, that these dis-
organizes were in a state of rebellion and resist-
ance to the laws. That they refused to register
their names and establish for themselves such
form of government as they desired, the evidence
is equally abundant. In the affidavit of George
Wilson, contained in Senate report by Mr .Green,
he says:
At the time when the census vra«s taken under the law
providing for the Lccompton convention, i was the acting
judge of probate for Anderson county, Kansas, and am aware
of the facl that the two wings of the free-State party of that
countv, composed of more moderate Free-Soilers and the
adherents of Lone, threatened the life of any who should
attempt to take the legal census; and I can say, undo oath,
that the life of any one making the attempt to'execute the
law in that paiticu'.at was in danger, and the foregoing
threats were the cau^e which prevented the taking of the
census inAndeison county within the piescribed time.55
* * * * "In regard to Pa-ssmore William*,
judge of probate for Allen county, members of the so-called
free-State party stated to me in person that if he attempted
to execute the law, and did not leave, they would kilt him ;
and L know the fact that he did not so execute the law, and
loft the county because he believed lus life in dangei. Mr.
Williams is fiora Illinois, and is a free-State man, but be-
longs to the Demociatic party." * * "* *
" Jn regard to EsquireYocum, judge of probate for Frank-
lin county, he left the county and the Territory on account
of losing his negio property, and having his life menaced.
The office being vacant, the Legislature which parsed tho
census law appointed a now judge of probate and othci
oilieeis, who refused to seive, alleging as a reason, that
they were afiaid so doing would cost th^m their lives. Con-
sequently, no census was taken, and no legal election
held."
If my time would admit, I might adduce further
proof of the same import.
But my colleague says test oaths were imposed.
One of them was an oa'h binding officers to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, the or-
ganic act, and the fugitive slave law; this, at least,
was not, to my mind, so very monstrous—bul they
were all repealed before the constitutional conven-
tion was called, so that no complaint could exist
on that score. Rut these poor innocents, these meek
and orderly Black Rrpvblicum, wnie disfranchised
in half the counties in the Territory ! Sir, hes my
colleague been so intent in his !<\!>oi of love in hunt-
ing up charges against the pro-slavery party in
Kansas, that he has not had time to look at fhe
official evidence? I have already shown that the
Frec-Soiiers refused to register their names, and
actually drove off the officers and would not per-
mit them to discharge their duties. U is well
known that several of the counties alluded to had
no population-, in oiheis there weie not more than
ten or fifteen voters each; in all of them together
the Free-Soilers could only drum up about four-
teen hundred at the election on the 14th of Jan-
uary, although thev had everything their own
way—the pro-slavery men denying the validity
of fhe election and taking no part in it. These
people were not disfranchised and denied a par-
ticipation in the territoi ial government and form-
ation of the constitution. Although urged by
every consideration that could animate patriots
and influence good citizens, they factiously re-
fused to have part or lot m the matter.
Now, I have shown by evidence which my col-
league cantxot impugn, that these people are de-
prived of no rights; that they themselves refused
to participate in the elections, and have no right
to come here now and claim to take advantage of
their own wrong. If they were in the majority,
they should have resorted to the peaceful and re-
publican methodof the ballot-box to redress them-
selves. If, as is most likely, they were in the mi-
nority, they had none to be redressed.
Mr. Chairman, the constitution of Kansas was
framed in a regular manner, and in strict accord-
ance with all the requirements and forms of law;
but my colleague would have it referred to the
people for ratification or rejection. Is it neces-
saiy to submit a constitution in order to ascertain
the will of the people, and make it binding? Then
the constitution of North Carolina has no validi-
ty, for it was not submitted ! Then the constitu-
tions of all the rest of the original thirteen States,
except one, are of no binding force; for I believe
Massachusetts is the only one which submitted
her constitution!
This doctrine would, moreover, remand to a
territorial form of government thirteen out of the
eighteen new States that have been admitted; for
five only of them all have submitted their consti-
tutions. Every one knows that the constitution
of the United States was never so submitted; and
so far as North Carolinaisconcerned, and I think
the same was the case in all the rest, even the del-
egates to the convention which framed that instiu-
ment were not elected by the people, but by the
Legislatures.
But, sir, I want to know of my colleague how
long he has advocated the doctrine that it was the
duty of the Lecompton convention to submit the
result of their labors to the people? In the late
canvass between my competitor and myself, in
the first district, he took open ground against sub-
mission, and denounced the Administration for
favoring it through Governor Walker. He declared
that it would be a flagrant wrong to the South. I
said then, as I repeat now, that the submission
or refusal to submit the constitution of Kansas
was a question with which neither the President,
nor Governor Walker, nor my opponent, nor
myself, nor any one else outside of Kansas, had
anything to do; that, it belonged solely to the con-
vention, which had a complete right to submit it or
not, as, in its wisdom, it might see fit. That con-
vention did not choose to submit it to the people,
and who has a right to complain? Surely the
people of North Carolina have not, nor do they.
In order, however, to remove every ground of
complaint, the slavery article, which was the only
disturbing question, was referred to them for rat-
ification or rejection. A fair election was held,
and a majority of five thousand six hundred and
fifty-seven votes was polled in favor of slavery;
but my captious colleague contends that there
were fraudulent votes given. "Well, I do not doubt
that there were; but has he, or any of his coadju-
tors, undertaken to prove that there wete five thou-
sand six hundred and fifty-seven fraudulent votes?
l y no means; no one has ever made any such
I pretension. Until that shall be done, this consti-
| tution must stand as the will of the people of
, Kansas, unh^s amended orabolished aecudiiio; to
j the forms of' law. It stands vindicated bv a p  m-
| ciple of constitutional law so firmly fixed m the
! hearts of the American people, that no battery of
i logic and no fund of anecdote that my coll.M^ue
; can bring against it can move it from its ba-e.
' But my indefatigable colleague says that a in i-
i jority of ten thousand votes were cast ngamst I ho
' Lecompton constitution at the election on the 4th
i of Januury, and that General Cass, as Secretary
j of State, acknowledged the validity of that elec-
i tion. Why, sir, we all know that the convention
; which framed the constitution provided for an
| election to be held on the 21st of December, to take
■ the sense of the people upon the constitution, or
1 rather the slavery clause. I have already stated
i the result of that election; it is idle — without!
| meaning any disrespect to my colleague—it is ah- ^
j surd, to say that the Territorial Legislature had ,
i power to order anof her election. The Democratic t
j party in Kansas so considered the matter, and j
I took no part in it. No vote cast at that election j
■ can affect the validity of the Lecompton consutu-;
! tion. But my colleague says that General Cass, \
i as Secretary of State, acknowledged the validity j
I of that election. Sir, I am amazed that my col- j
league should be so reckless in his zeal to defeat i
the Lecompton constitution as to make assertions ,
that are so easily disproved by the record. Inhis ;
| letter of the 31th of December, 1857, to Secretary ;
Denver, General Cass says: j
(< It is proper to add, that no action of the Territorial be- j
gislature about to meet, can mterfeie with the elections of ;
the 21st of December and the 26th of January, in the mode ■
and manner prescribed by the constitutional convention.'
Why, then, should not Kansas be admitted un- |
der it, this whole subject localised, and she left to ,
manage her own affairs in her own way ? Twice
have Jim Lane and his myrmidons had an op-
portunity of voting upon this question. Will my
colleague still insist upon giving them A third
chance? He speaks of bringing two Jim la&nes
here as Senators; if' the Black Republicans have-
the Legislature, two Senators of that stripe, will
be sentany way, it may be. My colleague is not
satisfied with that; his action, if successful, would
abolish a constitution which has made Kansas at
this moment, to use the language of the President,
" as much a slave State as Georgia or South Caro-
lina," and with equal certainty he would make it
a free State, provided he is right in saying the
Abolitionists a.re in the majority. Says Mr. Bur-
lingamb, in his late speech in the House:
" I Will vote for it [Crittenden bill] because I think that
it will make Kansas a free State. The Administration says
it is a slave Territmy to-da.v—the Jjecoinpton constitution
makes it a slave State. I feel that the Lccompton consti-
tution, without this substitute, would pass m us nuked
toim, and that K?uu a>. would be a felave State under it."
Sir, does not my colleague see and know that
the object of the Black Republicans is to give the
Abolitionists in Kansas another chance, and to
keep alive this question, whiph is the very aliment
upon which the monster Black Republicanism
feeds, to aid them in bringing into this Hall a
Black Republican majority in the next Congress,
and so strengthen themselves for the mighty
struggle they are to make in 1860? And this
" unparalleled outrage," as the Raleigh Register
styles it, is to be perpetrated by the agency, in
part, of southern Representatives. The mem-
ber from Massachusetts [Mr. Burlingame] tells
us the alliance has been formed, and he, a prophet
of evil, vauntingly predicts the result! What is
it? I will let him speak for himself. Listen:
" I al*50 felt proud to hear the speech of the distinguished
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] 1 was glad to hear
their confreres on this floor, Messrs. Underwood of Ken-
tucky, Gilmer ot North Carolina, Ricai'd and Harris of
Maryland, and Davis, with his surpassing eloquence, wor-
thy of the best days of Pmkney and Wnt; and I also ex-
piess my gratitude*to Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, who lias
laboied eo long to secuie this union of patriotic men. I owe
it to these men, and to myself, to say that I do not agree
with them on tho subject of slavery, and I know that they
do not agree with inc. Neither do T agree with the Doug-
las men; f take what I think is a higher position. I hold
to the power of Congress over the Territories; they do not-
But while T oppose tiie Lecompton Constitution for one rea-
son, and while tho Douglas DemdSrats oppose it for an-
other. the South Americans may oppose it for still another.
God knows we have all cau«e of war against it, and against
the Administration. And we have come together here as a
unit, not by any preconcert, not by any trade among lead-
ers, hut by the spontaneous convictions of our own honest
imiuK I trust that tins may be an omen of what may hap-
pen m tho future."
Here wc have the triple alliance of Black Repub-
licans, Douglas Democrats, and southern Know
Nothings! Now for the results of that unnatural
combination! Addressing himself to the thirty
patriotic and fearless Democrats who have dared
to do their duty here by standing up for the consti-
tutional rights of the South, he says:
•* They will a-«k vou why the Army of the United States
have shot down American citizens in the streets of-Wash-
nuUon, and why it wai held in lerroiem over the people of
Kansas so long. And they will ask you, doughfaces of the
Nortli, why you sat still in your seats, and allowed men to
call your constituents, became they toiled, mud-sills and
slaves5 You will have to answer all these things. You
cannot do it, and we shail beat you like a threshing floor.
We t-hall heroa(to) have a majority in tins House. WcshalJ
snongthen ourselves in the .Senate, and wo are to-day liH-
in<r all the land with the portents of your general doom in
I860."
Sir, the thing is plain to the dullest eye! It
stands out gross and palpable, and no man can
fail to see it who is not blinded by his prejudices
against the Democratic party, that party upon
which the hopes and the destinies of this mighty
Republic hang! Witness the efforts they are mak-
ing to defeat the Lecompton constitution; look at
the solid front they present here whenever a vote
is taken on the question; read their speeches and
listen to the shouts of exultation that have already
been sent forth from their party press in anticipa-
tion of the defeat of this great measure 1 i quote
from the Albany Evening Journal:
" The vote in the House of Representatives virtually re-
pudiating the scheme ot villainy inaugurated by the border
lutfiang of Mi«>ouri, with the connivance of 1'iesident
Pieice, and culminating m the Lecompton fraud under
Buchanan, gives hope and coinage to those who began to
despair of tlie Republic. Conscience seems about to resume
it-s reign m a region from whence it never should have been
banished. For ten long years, nearly, the moral sentiment
the nation has been deteriorating. The sense ot justice,
the love of hbeny, and allcguuice to God, have all been wan-
