1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615;
were some gentlemen who held there was danger
if yourepealedthecompromisethattheold French
und Spanish laws would be reinstated, and that
slavery thereby would be established in Kansas,
and that this clause was put in merely for the
purpose of negativing that conclusion. That is
not so, because if you appeal to the bill itself, the
very next provision settles that matter, namely:
<( Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be eon-
stiui'd to revive or put m force any law or regulation which
liny have existed prior to the act of the 6th March, 1821),
tmher protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
slavery."
That is the clause which affects the question to
which the Senator from Georgia alluded.
It is proved by another fact. The honorable
Senator from Illinois, in his speech which he made
on the night the bill was passed, the last night,
the memorable night, declared that this clause
(which was not an amendment, but came in as
one of the changes of the committee who reported
the hill, and was moved by him) was the mam
feature of the bill, and the removal of the Mis-
souri restriction was only an incident. I dare say
the Senator remembers it. He said that the great
object of the compromises of 1850, as they were
called, the leading idea of the compromises of 1850,
for which he contended, was to give the people
the power of deciding what their institutions
should be in the Territories, and he went so far
on that occasion as to contend that they should
be allowed not only to establish but to exclude
slavery; that is to say, that no provision should
exist which would not give the people of the Ter-
ritoiy both powers. I have his speech before
me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not intend to interrupt
the gentleman from Maine; but he said a moment
ago that the object of that bill was to make a slave
State of Kansas, and that nobody denies it. I
must say to him that I interpose my positive de-
nial. It was not the object to make it a slave
State; it was not the object to make it a free State:
but it was the object to leave the people of Kansas
perfectly free to do as they pleased in the manage-
ment of all their domestic institutions, slavery
included. I do not desire to say any more than
that at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We use language in de-
bate which the Senator is aware is perfectl y under-
stood; but, if taken literally, goes perhaps further
than it should. When I say that nobody denies
it, I do not mean that everybody admits it. I
mean to say simply that the matter is palpable
from after circumstances as well as from what
took place at the time; and from the absence of
any other reasonable motive, and from what has
taken place since, in the progress of affairs towards
making it a slave Territory, no reasonable, unpre-
judiced mind, not connected with the transaction,
can deny, on any good, logical reason, that such
was the object with which the Missouri compro-
mise line was repealed.
But, sir, 1 was replying to the idea that this
clause was intended, as was suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from G eorgia, as a mere exclusion
of a conclusion. The framer of that bill, in his
speech on that occasion, said that the idea of pop-
ular sovereignty was the principal thing aimed at
in the bill; and tiiat the removal of the Missouri
restriction, instead of being the principal thing,
as contended by the Senator from Georgia, was
merely an incident necessary in order to effect the
object of conferring popular sovereignty. That
is the idea. I stated that it was a pretense. I so
considered it. We so considered it on ourside of
the House, and so stated it. But I now go fur-
ther, and say that what I then considered to be
a pretense for the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, I now consider to have been a delusion and
a snare; and 1 am willing to give my reasons for
this opinion as briefly as I can.
It was held out to the country as the main feature
of that bill, that a great boon was to be conferred
on the people of the Territories; that whereas, by
the operation of the Missouri restriction, they had
been excluded from the power of deciding what
their own domestic institutions should be, by the
repeal of that restriction this power was conferred
on them. Upon whom? What was understood
at the time? That it was conferred on the people
of the Territories as the people of the Territories,
and acting with regard to their own territorial in-
stitutions. That idea was boldly proclaimed by
the Senator from Illinois. That idea was pro-
claimed as boldly by southern gentlemen on this
floor on the occasion of the Kansas debate. It was
denied by nobody, if I recollect, except the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown-,]
and a hint of dissent was given by an honorable
Senator from Virginia; but, with theseexceptions,
according to my recollection, no one here denied
it. Southern men and northern men all agreed
that, by the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
it was intended to confer on the people of the Ter-
ritories, as people of the Territories, the power
and right to settle their own institutions in their ,
own way; to say whether they would have sla- i
very or not. It was so presented to the people on
the stump, in the year31854 and 1855, throughout
all the northern States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Maine
will permit me, I will make a remark here. I in-
tend hereafter to make a more formal answer to
his argument; but on the proposition he is now
stating, 1 beg leave to call the gentleman's mind
to the fact that when that particular subjectin the
discussion of the Kansas bill was under consider-
ation, it was distinctly stated that the supporters
of that bill North and South entertained different
views as to the rights of the people of a Territory
to exclude slaves from a Territory; and for that
reason the clause was added to the section of the
bill which gives power to the people of the Ter-
ritory " subject only to the Constitution of the
United States," the intent being to leave that par-
ticular power subject to construction by the courts
of justice. We carried out that intent by pro-
viding, in another clause of the bill, for an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States on every
question touching slavery, whether the amount in
contest was two thousand dollars or not. The
gentlemen from the South who supported the bill
contended that it was not in the power of Congress
to confer on the people of a Territory the right
to exclude slaves, because our right to carry our
property into the Territories was guarantied by
the Constitution. Gentlemen from the North de-
nied it; and on that particular question this very
clause was inserted into the bill of a grant of power
subject only to the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States, referring to that contested
question which, by common consent, was to be
submitted to the Supreme Court, and has been de-
cided, in the Dred Scott case, in conformity with
the views then entertained by gentlemen from the ,
South.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember that contro-
versy very well, and I know that something of
that sort was said, but the matter was not ques-
tioned as a matter of argument. Gentlemen did
not seem disposed to discuss it. Nobody, as I
said before, started the idea, then so monstious,
then so new, now established, as the Senatoi says
(if he considers it established) by the opinion
of the Supreme Court; nobody dwelt upon it.
That clause means nothing more; it is substan-
tially in all the territorial bills; notin the same lan-
guage, but to the same extent; that is to say, that
they shall have all power of legislation in the Ter-
ritory, subject to the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States; but it was not contended then
in argument that the Constitution of the United
States, by its own force, carried slavery into the
Territories, and protected it there. It was hinted
that a different opinion prevailed; but the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] disa-
vowed it. The gentleman from Maryland", [Mr.
Pratt,] if I remember aright, offered an amend-
ment, which he subsequently withdrew, giving
expressly to the people of the Territories power to
exclude or admit slavery at pleasure. Ttie lan-
guage of the act, as my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] says, carries the same idea with it.
But the point to which I was directing my at-
tention was simply this: that at that lime it was
not pretended but that the people of the Territo-
ries had power, or were intended to have power,
under that clause to legislate upon the whole sub-
ject—subject, however, as of course everything
of that kind must be decided to be, to the Consti-
tution of the United States. 1 am speaking of
what the idea was then; and I was endeavoring to
illustrate my position, that it was intended as a
snare and a delusion. Why ? It was so piesented
here; it was so presented in the country; it was
so argued through the free States. Was it the
design of gentlemen who placed it in that condi-
tion, to have two grounds on which they might
sustain the Democratic party; South, on the point
that there was no constitutional power; North,
on the point that there was constitutional powers
and thus vibrate in the scale, on the one side or
the other, according as they might catch votes,as
they assumed this or that doctrine r Was that
the calm, settled intention of that bill? It makes
out my position of its design to establish slavery
there, much more strongly than any argument I
have used.
But what is the result after it wasthus argued ?
When the Cincinnati convention met we had an
entire change of doctrine. The Cincinnati con-
vention intimated a different opinion; and the De-
mocracy of the North, which had talked so much
about popular sovereignty before^vhichunivers-
ally in the Senate had claimed that the people of
the Territories had the right as Territories to set-
tle the question of slavery in their own way; the
Democracy of the North, when they met in Cin-
cinnati, yielded to the doctrine promulgated there
that it was only to be settled when they came to
form a State constitution; because that is the clear
inference from the platform there adopted.
You have gone still further, and now assume the
doctrine that the Constitution by its own force not
only carries slavery into the Territories, but pro-
tects itin the Territories, until a State constitution
is formed. Is that the doctrine ? Is that what is
now assumed by the Supreme Court? Suppose
it to be so, I should like to know what new power
was given to the people of the Territories by this
famous clause in the Kansas bill granting popular
sovereignty ? Did they not have that power be-
fore? Was it necessary to repeal the Missouri
compromise in order to give the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas a right to prohibit or establish
slavery by their State constitution as they saw fit.
The Missouri compromise provided nothing fur-
ther than that slavery should not be can led into
the Territories north of 36° 30'. Suppose, with out
the act, the people of Kansas, when they came to
form a State constitution, should have provided
that slavery might exist in that State; legalized
and authorized it; and sent that constitution to
Congress, and it was admitted; would nut that
have been a repeal of the Missouri compromise?
What was gained, then, in any form, I should
like to ask, by this famous provision introduced
into this bill, and which has been called a stump
speech ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I v/ill answer the Senator
from Maine. There was on the statute-book an
act prohibiting the introduction of slaves there
"forever;" not confined to the Territory only, but
extending forever; and it is useless to disguise the
fact that there was a large political party in this
country who claimed thafforever" was to apply
to a State as well as a Territory, and hence they
resolved that they would never admit another
slave State into this Union, whether the people
wanted it or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How resolved it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Resolved in county meet-
ings, in congressional conventions, in State con-
ventions against any more slaveholding States
whether the people of the proposed State dosired
slavery or not. The Democratic party took the
ground that Uie people of each Tenitory, while a
Territory, should be left free, withoutany congres-
sional intervention, to fix their institutions to suit
themselves, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States; and that when they came into the
Union, they should come in with just such a con-
stitution as they desired, subject only to the same
restriction. Here was an act on the statute-book
which purported to invade both these rights^ The
Kansas-Nebraska bill repealed thatprohibition or
restriction of slavery, leaving the people perfectly
free to do as they pleased, both while a Territory
and when they formed aState constitution, subject
only to the limitations of the Constitution of the
United States. I repeat, therefore, the object of
that bill was to remove all restrictions, and make
the principle general, universal, that the people
should fix all their institutions, slavery not ex-
cepted, both while a Territory and a State, subject
only to the limitations of the Constitution.
The Senator now comes forward and says that,
since that time the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the Dred Scott case, has decided that the
Missouri restriction was unconstitutional, and
that, therefore. Congress could not delegate to a
