1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isiana will accept my amendment, as the general
rule of pensions is not to allow more than half
the pay of a lieutenant coloncl, in any case.
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer not. I shall make
no opposition to the passage of a bill for the relief
of Mrs. Jones to the extent I suggested. It is the
same rate allowed to the widow of Major Gen-
eral Worth, and other officers of similar grade.
I shou'd lather present the amendment in the
form I offered it.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that my friend
from Georgia is mistaken in the point ou-which
lie presses his amendment. It is undoubtedly
true that General Jones, at the time of his death,
was a brevet major general; but he never, as far
as I learn, was assigned to his brevet rank. Tie
was simply assigned to discharge the duties of
Adjutant General, his ordinary rank being tliat of
a colonel; and we all know that brevet rank con-
fers no extra pay unless the officer is assigned to
his brevet rank." lie was brevetted as brigadier
general, and afterwards, tor services during the
Mexican war, as major general; but I am not
aware of any order of the Department assigning
hnn to his bievet rank. He was simply serving
as a colonel on the staff, for the rank of Adjutant
General is a colonel; and, if that he so, this bill,
as it now stands, will only give his widow half
the pay of a colonel.
Mr. SLIDELL. How much is that?
Mr. PUGI1. I am not able to state exactly.
It was increased last year; but 1 think it cannot ;
be more than fifty dollars a month. That increase j
was made since the death of General Jones. My 1
recollection is, that tins bill is in the language of |
the bill for the p-UcfofMis General Worth. ;
Mr. SLIDELL. It is not. 1 examined that j
bill the other day. That bill expressly puis Mrs. 1
"Worth on the pension loll at the rate of fifty dol-
lars a month; and I want to assimilate this bill
to that. I
Mr. PUGH. I have sent to the clerk of the
Military Committee to ascertain the exact amount ;
this bill wiil allow. My impression is, that it
will not go over fifty doliais a month.
Mr. SLI DELL. Then there can be no objec-
tion to fixing that sum.
Mr. PUGH. This bill will only allow half the ;
pay of a colonel at the time of General Jones s ,
death, before the increased lates of compensation j
now allowed to the Army. It is not the half pay ,
of a major general or a brigadier general. X hat j
is not in any sense pay proper. As to what my j
friend from Georgia said m other respects, un-
doubtedly we have a general law, by which ti pen-
sion equivalent to half pay of a lieutenant colo-
nel may be planted for five years, and renewed for
five years moie, and, under a law passed at this
session, may be extended for life; but the very
object of these private bills is, that the Senate and
the House of Representatives may carry out the
equity of the genet al statutes. If Mrs. Jones were
entitled to a pension under the general law, she
would not come here at all. It is because her case,
on the statement of General Scott, and the state- ,
ment of the physician, which I laid occasion to ;
examine at the last Congress, satisfied me that i
she was entitled, under the equity of thegeneral
law, to a pension, that I brought in the bill at that
time, referred it to the Committee on Pensions,
and it passed the Senate unanimously, in almost
the very woids of this bill. My ltupiession at
that time was, that she would have half the pay
of a colonel, and I suppose that will be the con-
struction of the bill now.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I wish to
call the attention of the distinguished Senator
from Georgia to an act that was passed on the
15th of January, 1798, to show that this system
of pensions is not so modern as I understood him
to intimate.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to say that I took
the Senator's cases, and I was perfectly accurate
in stating that ho gave none before 1853. If he
brings more, I shall, if necessary, reply to them.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. The act of
1798, to which I have alluded, was in these words:
'• An act authorizing the payment of ceitam sums of mo-
ney to the daughters of the late Count De Giusse, appioved
Junuau 15. 1198. v . _ ...
-He if enacted by the Senate am! House of Representatives
of the United States of Ameiica in Confess assembled, mat
in consideiation of the important i-erviccn rendered to the
United States by the late Count De Grasse, there be paid,
annually, in quarter payments, during five years, from the
time of passing this act, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $400 to each of the
four daughter* of Count De Grasse, namely. Amelia De
Grasse, Adelaide De Gra**o,Metafile de Gras^e. and Silvio
de Gta^o, if they shah, lespcetively, so long live."
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not a violation of the
principle. I let that speak for itself—the case of
the Count De Grasse.
The VICE PRESi DENT The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana,
after the word " death," to insert " notexceeding
fifty dollars per month." ,,
Mr. PUGl-I. According to the Blue Book the ij
pay proper of the Adjutant General is $110 a month j
under the increase made at the last Confess, so |j
that the half pay of a colonel, at the time of Gen- j
eral Jones's death, would not amount to fifty dol- >;
lars a month. I,
Mr. TOOMBS. Is the Senator from Ohio op-
posed to fifty dollars a month?
Mr. PUGH. No; I am simply satisfied that, j,
as the Senator from Now Jersey has said, if we jj
amend the hill at this day, it amounts to a defeat, !j
for it can hardly be reached 111 the Ilouse m the |j
few days h-ft. |'
Mr. TOOMBS. As it is a gratuity, I suppose
1 it can stand over until the next session ot Con- '!
i ^ress. Why are you hound to pap-3 it now? ;
! Why is it that a gratuity shall be pressed through, , j
; without allowing the Senate to express their fair i
i judgment on it? Does it, make much difference ^
! whether the pension shall begin now or six ,
1 months hence ? j
! The intendment was agreed to; there being, on ;;
; a division—ayes , noes 1:2. !
I Mr. TOOVlBS. I move to strike out the pio- \
' vision in regard to half pay. so as to provide that
! the pension shall be not exo<vdinir fitty doiku s a
1 month. The bill now contains the two piovis- 1
1 ions, and they are inconsistent with each other. ;
I propose to make it consist* nt,*and say lifty dol-
lars a month. !
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment ,
can only be received by the unanimous consent !
of the Senate. _ i
Mr. MASON. I object to it. 1
Mr. TOOM HS. I see no reason for having two
rates in the same lull. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment '
is not in order at that Rtacco, except it be received
by unanimous consent, as the amendment of the
Senator from Lout yiana was. i t the vote by which
the bill was ordered to a third reading be recon-
sidered, the amendment will be in order.
Mr MASON. I withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection being
withdrawn, the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia will be received. It is to strike out the
words c< one half the pay monthly to which her
late husband was entitled at the time of his death,
notexceedingfifty dollars permonth, " and insert,
<( at the rate of fifty doliais per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the pas'-ittfft of the biii as amended.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. How, does
it read now ?
The Secretary read the bill as amended, as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted, tfr., That the Secretary of the Tntoiioi be
dntct'Xl lo pUct; the nam*: of M.uy A. :>I. Joue*, widow ot
JJiovotMajoi (icnrial Rng"t Tune-,, deceased, late Adjutant
General oi ihe Arrm , unon the mil of pe!i-ione!=. and pay
hei a ppn*ion at the tale of lifty dollar a month ; such pen-
&ion to commence on the i.>thdu\ o>t Jul),m theyeai lSa'l,
and continue dining her nalutal life oi widowhood.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is it too late to strike out the
provision carrying the pension back to 1850?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
may be received by the consent of the Senate; but
otherwise it is not in order, unless the vote, or-
dering tho bill to a third reading, be reconsidered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move, then, to reconsidcrit,
with a view of striking out " 1852," and inserting
" 1857." I see no reason why a pension of this
kind, a mere gratuity, should go back. I know
theic are cases of backpay, but I know no reason
for back pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
may be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I object to
receiving the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
1 reading.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This bill lias been once
reconsidered, and is it in order to make a second
motion to reconsider?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote passing
the bill has been reconsidered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Now, is it m order to re-
consider anything else connected with it?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Itisin order tore-
consider the preceding votes.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; there
beinar, on a divisio,n—ayes 19, noes 17.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is, "Shall (he amendments which have been made
be engrossed, and the bill be read a third time?"
It is still open to amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to strike out the pro-
vision m the bill as to the time at which the pen-
sion shall commence,and insert " tho lstof July,
i 1857."
i Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays;
I and they were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 would inquire why 1857
is put in rather than any other year?
j Mr. TOOMliS. I want the pension to com-
mence with the present fiscal year—not before. I
am willing to take 1858 or 18G8, if the Senator
! prefers it.
M r. DOUGLA S. I thought that perhaps there
was some reason for fixing that particular time.
Eighteen hundred and fifLy-two, the time fixed hi
the original bill, was the date of General Jones's
death.
Mr. CLAY. The reason, if it be a reason, is,
1 in the general run of these cases, to date the pen-
sion from the tune the application is made; and I
suppose the petition was befoie that date.
i The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ±2, nays 28; as follows:
; YEAS—Allen, Benjamin, Bi !er, Blight, Cam-
'■ eron, (Jli.nldlei, Clay, Fest-endcn, Filch, Foster, Green,
Jl.ulan, Uuntet, Ivor-on, John-on of Tennessee, Polk, Sh-
!' dell, Stit<itt,Tiioinp-on of Kentucky.Toombs, VVright, and
, Y'UIpc—>£>
NAYS— Mc.-si-n. liroderick, Brown, Claik, Clin<?man,
Col lionet D>\<>n, Doohtile. Douglas., Gwin, Hale, Hamlin,
Hammond, li.nne. Houston. .Jones, Kennedy, King, Mal-
lni\, M.MHi. I'u«ii, Uoul. Selm-uan, Sew.ird, Simmons,
Tiiom on of Niw Jor-ey, Tmmbull, Wade, and Wilson—
So thp amendment was rejected.
Mr SEWA P. D. I offer the following amend-
ment as ail additional section:
Si'i' -2. Jlndhcit further cnacted, That the name of Myra
! Oluik Games, widow of Mnior General Ed-iund P. Games,
be placed on tile pension roll; ami that she be paid at the
i,ite of hall tin' p-iv pioper pei monlli to which the said
Gaines was cntitled'at ln  death, to commence from the6tll
day of June, 1619, and to continue during iier natural life.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Is that
amendment in order?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly; and it is very
proper, too, 1 think.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I can ob-
ject to it, I presume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
perceive that the Senator can object. Theques-
! tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
: a division—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
;; Mr. HALE called for the reading of the bill as
!' amended; and it was read.
I Mr. HALE. I ask if these two widows are
put on an equality by this bill. I am told that they
II are; but it does not strike me so from the reading
of the bill. I understand that General Jones was
a major general by brevet, and I believe General
Gaines was nothing more; and yet different sums
are proposed to be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire that we take a vote
on this question, and get at the appropriation
bills.
Mr. HALE. I only want these two widows
made equal: that is all. .
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume it is by madvert-
| ence on the part of the Senator from New York
' that his amendment does not conform to the bill
for the relief of Mrs. Jones m another respect.
Mrs. Jones's bill is, " during her natural lite or
widowhood." 'I'llis does not contain that iestric-
tion, and 1 hope the Senator from New York will
accept an amendment, inserting the words " or
widowhood."
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to ex-
tending the provision in favor of Mrs. Jones dur-
ing her natural life, and I would cheerfully vote
