2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
for such a proposition; but I should not like to
cutoff, on this occasion, Mrs. Gaines from the
benefit of this measure in order to make the bill
conform to a less reasonable standard.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to ask the
Senator from New York what is the amount of
pension the amendment will give?
Mr. SEWARD. Fifty dollars a month, I un-
derstand.
Mr. BROWN. It is half the pay proper of a
major general.
- Mr. POLK. Fix it at fifty dollars a month.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to amend the section
which has been inserted on the motion of the
Senator from New York, by inserting the words,
or widowhood." I understand there is no law
on the statute-book which does not confine these
pensions to widowhood. This is a solitary ex-
ception to the system of pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. The amendment
of the Senator from New York cannot now be
amended.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My colleague can reach
his object by offering an additional section.
Mr. SLIDELL. It can be accomplished by a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 voted in the majority on
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
and, in order to allow the Senator from Louisiana
to offer his amendment, i move to reconsider the
vote agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from New Yoik.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 now move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from New York, by
adding the words, '• or widowhood."
Mr. DAVIS. This is a movement that seems
rather to ldlcct upon the gallantry of the Senate.
It is to bean objection entertained to be a beauti-
ful, still rather young widow ever getting married
again. But if this makes the difference between
pension and no pension, 1 am sure the pious rev-
rrence and affection she feels for her deceased
husband, who, from youth to age adorned his
country's service, an ensign under Jefferson, and,
to the very close of his life, still busy with great
matters for the defense of that country to which
he had devoted his whole existence, will induce
her to conform to vour wishes. Ifthe Senate de-
sire merely to put a little restraint, which morally
will have no effect, for a contingency which I am
sure can never arise, I shall not object; and I am
certain, if the lady could speak, she would not.
Mr. SLIDELL. This amendment was intended
to conform to the bill just passed for the relief of
the widow of General Jones. I have proposed an
amendment to make it conform to that bill. I
presume it is scarce^ necessary for me to disclaim
any personal feeling in this matter-, but here is an
innovation upon the whole framework, the whole
system, of our pension laws—the solitary excep-
tion, as I am well informed, that is to be found
of a pension being given to the widow of any offi-
cer except during the period she remained unmar-
ried. As to the remark of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi , I will state that I do not think we are to
be governed by what are called the feelings of
gallantry m the performance of our legislative du-
ties here.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no.
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems to me that it would
have better conformed to the characteristic gal-
lantry and liberality of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, if he had moved to take the restriction from
Mrs. Jones instead of proposing to pha.ee it on
Mrs. Gaines. That would have been*more con-
formable to my notions of liberality and gal-
lantry, and I desire to move that amendment when
I have an opportunity. I have felt, sir, that I
had no right to participate in any debate of this
kind. 1 have thought that gentlemen more com-
petent than myself would regulate these matters;
but the recollections of olden times come upon me
when a proposition is made in regard to a man
who, forty years ago, shed so much luster and
honor upon the arms of his country as General
Games did in the defense of his country. When-
ever I see the hem of his garment touched, or
aught associated with his gallant achievements,
referred to, I cannot but feel that the country
owes him a debt of gratitude which money can
never liquidate;and I shall cheerfully go for what-
ever conduces to the national acknowledgment of
our obligations to him for his gallant conduct in
defense of his country and the commemoration of
his perfect and spotless life, his chivalry, and his
honor. Sir, he was the Bayard of the American
Army. No man was so spotless and so gallant as
Gaines on the occasion to which I have alluded.
When I think of this, it wounds me to the heart to
see an effort to restrict the privileges accqrded to
his widow. I trust the Senate, on this occasion,
will accord to the relict of General Gaines what he
could command if he were living. Sir, we have
thrown bounties into the lap of others, as much
as fifteen thousand dollars per annum to a single
officer. Here the widow of Gaines is needy at
your door. We are to refuse this pittance, or
to grant it with such limitations and restrictions
as to incumber it. I feel ashamed for the Senate,
and I feel humiliated in the presence of this august
body as one of its representatives, that I should
see such selfish restrictions imposed. I beg the
gentleman's pardon; it was not selfish in him,
but certainly it will, in its character, so present
itself to her. I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should vote for one of these
bills, and against the other, if they were separate.
United, I must vote against them both; I vote,
however, as I tlunk I ought, upon the separate
amendments. I desire to correct an error into
which the Senator from Louisiana has fallen.
He said just now that the history of legislation
had all been one way, and that was to limit all
the pensions to widowhood. The Senator has
forgotten that the Committee on Pensions, dur-
ing this session.reported a bill extending for life
the pensions of all the widows who had received
a five years' pension, and striking off that limita-
tion, and a direct proposition was made in the
Senate to attuch it, and it failed by a very large
vote. That hill has passed the House, and has
now become a law. The latest precedents, there-
fore, are against this restriction. I think the re-
striction is wrons;, and I shall vote against it.
Mr. IVERSON. I am against this bill, upon
principle, and in favor of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Louisiana, upon principle;
but it is proper that the other side should have
the benefit of any precedent in relation to this
amendment, and I will, therefore, read the act for
the relief of Mrs. Worth, to show that the Sena-
tor from Louisiana is, to some extent, mistaken
as to the limitations heretofore imposed. The act
for the relief of Mrs. Worth reads:
" That the Secietary of the Interior b« directed to place
the name of Maitjaret L. Worth, on the p-n-qon roll,
Jir the rate of liltv dollais per month, from the Hth day ot
May, 18(9, lor and during tier natural life."
Mr. FOSTER. A question wns asked in re-
gard to the amount of pay that will inure to Mrs.
Gaines under this section, if it be added to the
hill and the bill passed; and the reply was, fifty
dollars per month. I think that is a mistake.
The pay of a mnjor general of the Army, which
General Gaines was, and had been for several
years 
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; the Senator is mistaken.
He ought to have had (he rank of mnjor general;
but he was only a brigadier general, and a major
general by brevet.
Mr. FOSTER. I am mistaken, then. It was
stated that he was a major general; but the Sen-
ator from Mississippi is undoubtedly correct. I
was only going to say that the full monthly pay of
a major general is $4G9;and the pay proper, which
is the amount recognized by our pension laws, is
$220. It is stated, however, that General Gaines
was not a major general; and, of course, that pay
would not be his.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in ord er now to move to
strike off the restriction on Mrs. Jones?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a pend-
ing amendment. That will be in order after the
pending amendment shall have been disposed of.
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana, to amend the amendment of the
Senator from New York, by adding the words,
" or daring widowhood."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to strike out the
words " or widowhood," in the first section of
the bill, as applying to Mrs. Jones.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 now move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from New York, so as
to provide that the pension to Mrs. Gaines shall
not exceed fifty dollars a month, and shall not
commence before the 1st of July, 1857. I do that
because,according to the law of the United States,
when officers have fallen in battle, the pensions
to their widows are not entitled to exceed half
the pay of a lieutenant colonel; and if General
Gaines had fallen in battle, his widow would only
have been entitled to half the pay proper of a
lieutenant colonel in the Army, and that, too, from
the time the proof was made. Why should you
make this exception and bring into the pension
law persons not entitled to come within it? Why
throw the door open for officers who are already
a privileged class in this country; who are paid a
greater amount for their services than any other
people in the service of the United States, civil
or military; whose children are educated at the
public expense; for, by law, ten of your cadets
at West Point are their children, exclusively con-
fined to them. I say you pay them enormous
compensation; you educate their children; if they
fall in battle you pension them. If they die in
their beds, having squandered the magnificent
dowry of the public, you pension their widows
and children. But let him be a soldier—let him
belong to the mass of the people—and there is
none so poor to give him a grave.
Mr. B1GLER. I hope the Senator from Geor-
gia will divide his proposition. The limitation
i as to amount and the limitation as to time are two
] distinct propositions. I am disposed to vote with
j him on one and against him on the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I move the first amend-
| ment, to provide that the pension shall not exceed
i fifty dollars per month. To do this, it will be
J necessary to strike out the words " half the pay
I proper to which the said Gaines was entitled at
; his death," and insert " at a rate not exceeding
I fifty dollars per month."
i Mr. DAVIS. The argument of the Senator
j from Georgia rests on assumptions which I do not
| believe to he facts. The first is, that officers of
ii the Army are better paid than any other officers
; of the Government. I think the reverse is true;
; they are generally worse paid—worse paid, for
| instance, than a Senator who goes to the place he
! chooses to attend and remains a part of the year,
] whereas the Army officer goes to the last place he
; desires to go; goes at the will of the Government;
• is moved before he desires to be removed; sacri-
1 ficcs his furniture every time he is moved; chang-
' mg his post from time to time, as the service may
S require, and not to suit his own convenience or
! his wishes; and his whole compensation added
J together is a smaller sum, until he has attained
j very high rank, than is received by the officers of
•, the Government generally. During that period
', of his life when he is most effective and performs
the most service, his pay is less than you give to
one of your first-class clerks. As to their children
being educated, so far from that assertion being
sustained by the fact, they are the very ones usu-
ally who encounter the greatest difficulty in get-
ting appointed to the Military Academy. Butfor
the provision that gave the President the power
to appoint ten cadets without reference to their
residence, the son of an officer of the Army would
be excluded entirely from an opportunity to enter
the service in the warrant grade. The law re-
quires that the cadet shall be actually a resident
of the district from which he is appointed, at the
time of his appointment. His father is serving
here, there, and elsewhere; he may be a citizen
of Georgia serving in Minnesota; the residence
of the child will be claimed to be where the father
is; he is not allowed constructively to reside in
| the place of which his father is a citizen; and thus
! they were excluded until the law kindly inter-
I posed and gave the President power to appoint
| ten cadets without reference to their residence,
j Of these ten, a part is ordinarily given to the
! Army, a part to the Navy, and some one or two
I usually to civil life; but, sometimes, I am sorry
! to say, a great many more.
j What is this rich •' dowry" that they squan-
| der? Their engagement is to serve their country.
They receive a bare pittance for their services.
Some officers of high grade, stationed at agreeable
places, receive a compensation which is equal to
that of any portion of the civil service; but in the
great mass of the Army the pay is quite inade-
quate to support them, and you were compelled
to raise the monthly pay twenty dollars a month,
in order to give them a decent support It re-
