616
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Territorial Legislature the power to prohibit sla-
very; and hence, he says, this act conferred no new
rights on the people of the Territory. His argu-
ment goes too far. If that be the true construc-
tion, it shows that the only effect of the Kansas-
NeWaska bill was to take an unconstitutional and
void statute from the statute-book. You assume
the correctness of the Dred Scott decision for the
purpose of youi argument. I do not blame you
for assuming that, for it is a decision by the high-
est judicial tribunal on earth, the tribunal author-
ized by the Constitution of the United States to
decide it. They have decided it, and we are bound
by the decision, whatever may have been our in-
dividual opinions previously. That decision estab-
lishes the fact that the Missouri restriction was
unconstitutional and void; the fact that Congress
cannot prohibit slavery in a Territory; the fact
that the dogma of the Wilrnot proviso was void,
and-would have been a nullity if it had been im-
posed on the Territories. If that be so, was it not
wise to remove that void legislation which re-
mained on the statute-book only as a snare, or as
a Scare-crow, and which ought not to be there
because it was in violation of the Constitution of
our country? I ask, was it not wise to remove it
and to say plainly, in clear and explicit language,
that our true intent was to leave the people of a
Territory, while a Territory, and also when they
become a State, perfectly free to make their laws
and establish their institutions upon all questions,
slavery not excepted, to suit themselves, subject
only to the limitations of the Constitution of the
United States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator,
probably on account of my unfortunate mode of
expression, did not exactly comprehend what I
meant to say. I am very glad, however, to hear
him now give the old original construction to this
provision of which we have been speaking. He
says now that the intention was to confer on the
people of the Territories, while Territories, the
power to settle all questions, including slavery,
in their own way, subject to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course. If the Constitution
prohibited the exorcise of that power, you could
riot confer it. If the Constitution of the United
States prohibited you from passing the Missouri
restriction, you had no right to pass it. If the
Constitution allowed you to give the people of the
Territory the right to prohibit slavery while a Ter-
ritory, this act conferred the power. In other
words, the Kansas-Nebraska act conferred all the
power which it was possible by any legislation or
any human effort to give to the people of a Terri-
tory under the Consiilution of the United States
on the subject of slavery. We could give no more,
for we gave all we had—all that the Constitution
did not prohibit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not quarreling about
thatat all. 1 was saying that this was a delusion
andasnare. Why? Because itdid precisely what
the honorable Senator says it did. It professed
to hold out to the people of the Territories that
they bad a right which they eould exercise to ex-
clude slavery, if they saw tit, or to admit it, if they
saw fit, subject to the Constitution. It was so
stated and so argued to the country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dislike very much to in-
terfere with the course of argument of the Sena-
tor from Maine; but it is a historical truth, which
cannot now be shaken, that during the discussion
of that bill, and during the preliminary meetings
of its friends, which were made public, the fact
was divulged, that its supporters differed in rela-
tion to that constitutional power; that some from
the North contended that the people of the Terri-
tory had the power, if we gave it to them; that
Congress had the power to give to them authority
to exclude slaves from the Territory, whilst a
Territory; and that, on the other hand, the rep-
resentatives of the people of the South determ-
inedly resisted that pretension,and said.from the
beginning, they would never agree to any act
which in any manner might imply the concession
of a light in Coegiess, or in the people of a Ter-
ritory under Congress, to exclude them with their
property from territory which was common soil,
belonging to the people of the whole United States, j
The fact I have just stated cannot be contested,
for the reason that there is a special clause in the '
billprovidingfor the submission of that very ques- ;
tion to the Supreme Court of the United States. :
Senators from the North, who took the opposite
view of the question, said, " very well, we differ
on this constitutional question, but there is a tri-
bunal in this country which can settle all these
disputed points of jurisdiction without the neces-
sity of resorting to force or bloodshed; let that
supreme tribunal decide, and we will submit."
The people of the South never asked for anything
else; never sought any other solution of the ques-
tion. Now, it is obvious that since the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States in the
Dred Scott case, it is decided that from the origin
all this agitation of the slavery question has been
directed against the constitutional rights of the
South; and. that both Wilmot provisoes and Mis-
souri compromiselines were unconstitutional. An
attempt is made to go back on the interpretation
of the Kansas act, and then, when that fails, to
question the authority of that tribunal whose right
to decide in the last resort has never before been
questioned in this country.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr. President, T am not
aware of any such provision in the Kansas-Ne-
braska act in regard to referring this question to
the Supreme Court of the United States as the
Senator has referred to. If there is any such pro-
vision he can find it. I know it was' proposed,
but it was not admitted at the time. But whether
there is such a clause or not, would make no dif-
ference. Congress can confer no power upon the
courts of theUnited States,exccpt under the Con-
stitution. If they would have it under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, very well; if they
would not have it, it cannot be conferred by Con-
gress.
But I do not wish to be drawn off from the
point I was arguing. I do not undertake to say
that there were not gentlemen at the South, then
members of the Senate, who held, or might have
supposed and might have intimated, an opinion
that there was no power on the part of the peo-
ple of the Territories to exclude slavery until they
came to form a State constitution. That might
have been so. What I was arguing was, that the
idea held out to the country at the time was that
the people of the Territories had the control of the
subject, and would continue to have it while a
j Territory. I say it was so presented to the peo-
ple in 1854 and 1855, at the polls, throughout the
free States. I do not know how it was presented
throughout the southern States. I know that
gentlemen on this floor, Senators from southern
States, avowed the doctrine that the people would
have power to act on it as they chose, to exclude
slavery or admit slavery.
The point I was making, however, wag one
totally distinct from that; and it was, that no sooner
had the people been induced to believe that such
was the intention, no sooner had this pretense been
made available for the purpose of reconciling the
people of the free States to the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction, than the Cincinnati convention
met and repudiated the whole doctrine of territo-
rial popular sovereignty. Whatever the Senator
from Illinois may now say with regard tohis con-
; struction of that clause, what it meant in the begin-
ning, the Democratic convention of this country,
in nominating a President, especially repudiated
that doctrine before any decision of the Supreme
! Court of the United States, and averred substan-
tially that, the people of a Territory had no right
whatever to exclude slavery until they came to
form a State constitution.
Now, the Senator from Illinois has not even at-
tempted to answer the question which I put to him,
which was this: if the doctrine of the Cincinnati
convention is true—not the doctrine of this bill,
as he asserts, but if the doctrine of the Cincinnati
convention is true—that the only power which the
people of the Territories have to interfere with
slavery is when they form a State constitution,
what was gained by that celebrated provision thus
inserted in the Kansas-Nebraska bill? I say the
! people hau it before. Suppose the Missouri re-
' stiietion had continued up to the present day, pro-
! viding that slavery should not exist north of a
I certain line, 3G°30 ; and at the present day, while
j that restriction was in operation, the people of
J Kansas should assemble and adopt a State con-
' stitution, by which they should authorize the in-
I trod action and sale of slaves, and then should send
j that constitution to us. and we should admit them
| on that constitution: should we not repeal the Mis-
, soun restriction pro lanto ? Certainly we should.
I say then, that under this resolution of the Cin-
cinnati convention, which was the creed of the
Democratic party, North and South, no power
whatever was conferred on the people of the Ter-
ritories in regard to that particular matter of pop-
ular sovereignty. They had none that did not
exist before. No boon was conferred.
Therefore I say that I believed it was not only
a pretense at the time, but it was a fraud and a
snare; and when the people of the free States were
deluded into the idea that by the repeal of the
Missouri compromise line they were to have the
power given to the people of the Territories to
establish or reject slavery, as they pleased, the
snare was, that the Democratic party was to put
it to them next, that they should not have the
power to admit or reject slavery, as they pleased,
except when they came to form a State consti-
tution, and slavery had overrun them; and that
when, by such proceedings as the present, they
had been bound hand and foot, and east into the
burning fiery furnace of slavery, then they might
have the privilege of doing—what? Simply what
they could do before—form a constitution to suit
themselves; send it to Congress; and if Congress
adopted it, then repeal the Missouri restriction.
It went nothing further than that, and that was
the point I made; and to that point no answer has
been given. I was endeavoring to illustrate the
idea that there was an intention in this matter—
an intention demonstrated from the absence of all
possible motive except to force slavery into the
Territory; from the nature of the provisions sur-
rounding the Territory with slave States; from
the proceedings that have taken place since in the
Territory, and from the principle which was
adopted as a cardinal point m the creed of the
great Democratic party, viz: that they should not
have the power to reject or exclude slaveiy until
they came to form a State constitution, and in the
mean time, that everybody from the slave States
might carry slaves there when and how they
pleased, and they were there recognized and pro-
tected by the Constitution of the United Slates.
Sir, had that doctrine been announced at the time
the clause was inserted, had that clause been in-
serted, that we intended to leave the people of the
Territories perfectly free when they form a State
constitution to establish or reject slavery, as they
please, would it not have been laughed to scorn,
as conferring any new advantage on the people of
the Territories—anything that they had not be-
fore? Certainly it would.
The Senator from Georgia said this measure
had been before the popular forum, and the pop-
ular forum had decided in its favor. How has it
decided? It has decided under these pretenses,
these delusions, these frauds practiced upon them
with regard to what was the absolute meaning of
that clause. What privilege was conferred on the
people by it? No other than that which I have
spoken of; and it is idle to talk of the matter hav-
ing been settled by the great tribunal of public
opinion. There has been no such opinion ex-
pressed, because there have been lio points except
the two I have mentioned, before the people,one
of which was abandoned when it had served its
purpose, and the other carried in such a manner
as to force slavery on the people of Kansas with-
out any power left in the people to act on the
subject, directly or indirectly. '
I desire, before concluding, to advert to one
other position which was taken by the Senator
from Georgia, and which has been alluded to
again to-day—that this matter has been settled by
the judicial forum. It is said that it has been car-
ried to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and settled there. Does the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, as a lawyer, undertake to tell me
that the question has been settled by a judicial
decision in that court? Did that question ever
arise and present itself to the mind of the court
with reference to any necessity of the case? To
what extent does the honorable Senator, orany-
body else who is a lawyer,undertake to say that
the decision of the court is binding? It is bind-
ing so far, and so far alone, as it can issue its
mandate. Its opinion is of force only upon the
question which settles the cause. Am I bound to
follow out a set of opinions that may be advanced
by any setofjudges in any court simply because,
after they have decided a cause, they undertake
to give their opinions? They may be bad men,
they may be weak men, but their mandate in the
