1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2727
mained stationary, while the compensation of
every other class of officers had advanced. I think
the allowance of half pay, taking it one case with
another, as a general rule, would be a much better
rule than any fixed sum. A man in our service,
where promotion is by seniority, will never attain
high rank until he has attained great age. It is
therefore to be expected that he will leave behind
him a family requiring a larger monthly sum for
their support than one who has died in his youth.
I know the provision of law to which the Senator
refers does limit it to half the pay oflieutenant colo-
nel as the pension to be received where the officer
is killed in battle. The question I raise is, whether
that be just or not; whether a man who has given
fifty years of his life to the service of his country,
and attained a higher rank than that of lieutenant
colonel, will not usually leave behind him a family
requiring more pay than that which he had when
he held the grade of lieutenant colonel; and wheth-
er, if we give a pension at all, the proper rule is
not to give the half pay of the grade the officer
holds at the time of lus death ?
Then, again, t hold the pension system to offi-
cers of the military service to be proper, eminently
proper. It enables you to keep down the pay of
the officer during his life. Otherwise you drive
hnn to the alternative of leaving the service if you
will not give him a compensation which will en-
able him to leave a support for his family. If you
give to every officer a compensation sufficient to
enable him to make adequate piovision for his
family in the event of his death, your expendi-
tures would greatly exceed those which would be
entailed by giving to the family of evciy officer
who dies in the service a pension equal to one half
his pay at the time of his death. I believe it to be
a just provision; just in its operation upon indi-
viduals, and just in its public policy; and I would
prefer to extend the pension laws so as to give
half pay pensions to the family of eveiy officcr
who dies in the line of his duly, and m that way
you are able to keep down the pay during life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not at all surprised atthc
difference between the honorable Senator from
Mississippiand myselfon all questions of expend-
iture. We look at them in a very different light.
I am against all military pensions; he is in favor
of them. Therefore we start from opposite posi-
tions; but 1 am accurate in all the facts of the
statement I made. Take the average pay of the
officers of the Army, and I say it is greater than
the pay of any other department of this Govern-
ment. Of course I must take into consideration
the d life rent grades and different qualifications. A
lieutenant in the Army gets from one thousand
six hundred to two thousand dollars a year, ac-
cording to your Blue Book that I have now before
me. What are the qualifications required? That
he shall be about twenty years of age; that he
shall be a man of ordinary respectable character,
and no attainments at all.
Mr. DAVIS. Where does the gentleman find
that standard 5
Mr. TOOMBS. In the daily appointments that
are made heie—a great many of them I know.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am soiry, then, that you con-
firmed them.
Mr. TOOMBS. Some of them I have resisted
here. We have had persons who showed their
want of attainments by not even being able to get
through West Point one year. Tliey had not
capacity or moral chaiacter to get along for six
months; but they were good enough for a commis-
sion m the Army. I-have had an oppoitumty of
testing that matter at this session; and I believe
those appointments were confirmed almost unani-
mously. That is one of the evidences of qualifica-
tion. That is the judgment of the Senate of the
UnitedStates. They putthattest. Aeolonel in the
United States Army gets more than a Senator; and
I take it it requires rather higher qualifications to
discharge the duties of a Senator than those of a
colonel in th£ Army of the United States; and be-
sides that, it is a provision for life, which makes a
very great difference m salary. As to the education,
1 a"m more than right. The ten appointments
to the Military Academy aie given to the Army
and Navy, almost as a universal rule. I believe the
last appointments were all from persons in the
service; at least seven out of the ten usually are.
There may have been exceptional cases. I al-
luded to that law when I said you educated their
children. You give them the highestcompensa- 1
tion of any service that I know of, from the day
they enter it until they get through the ranks.
All grades, lieutenant, captain,major, lieutenant
colonel, and colonel, so far as my observation ex-
tends, certainly all below colonel, receive a much
greater compensation than England, France, Aus-
tria, and Prussia give. I had occasion to refer to
tables showing that.
As to the amount of capacity and acquirements
to discharge the duties, I say there is no branch
of the service requiring anything extraordinary.
I have no doubt the experience of the honorable
gentleman, when he was at the head of the War
Office, was that he was beset with'constant appli-
cations for commissions. I know that one of his
predecessors in the War Department said, that if
a lieutenancy in our Army was sold at the rate that
commissions broughtat the Horse Guardsin Eng-
land, it would sell for $50,000 in maiketoveit.
Put it on the basis of the regulations and practices
in England, and a commission of lieutenant in
the Army of the United States would be worth
$50,000. Nobody protends that they require bet-
tor qualifications than an ordinary young man
with academic education, sound health, and good
character, such as would befit forany other busi-
ness in the country. That is all the qualification,
even putting it on the highest scale—that he shall
l)e physically able to do the duties of a lieutenant
in the Army, and shall have an ordinary aca-
demic education; and even these attainments are
often passed over. The rush for places in the
Army is universal, because it is the best provis-
ion any man can make for his children m the
United States. It gives him a life support; it
gives him a compensation which, with half the
prudence that is used by the eieat body of our
people, would secure him independence for life,
if he lives to be fifty years of age, and then if he
dies m the service of his country m battle, his
family is pensioned; and if he does not eomc
under that provision, if he is an officer who has
lived foi forty years, especially about Washing-
ton, and never heard the fire of a gun except m
peace for forty years, and has acquaintances here
about the Capitol, his widow can get fifty dollars
a month, or such sum as what is called the liber-
ality of the Senate may choose to give.
Take gentleman of good character and colle-
giate education m any States of the Union, and
what do they getJ Look through New England;
look through the South; come to my own State.
Such a man will &o to the profession of the law;
he will study diligently, laboriously; become a
useful man in society;and he does well if hegets
an income of $1,500 m ten years. Pie does well
if, at the end of thirty yeai s, he gets on the bench
of his State at $2,000. Many of the respectable
common lawyers of this country, when they have
devoted their whole lives to the pursuit of knowl-
edge, and the practice of virtue, according to the
standard of mankind, with occasional service in
the field whenever their country demands it—for
after all it is the citizen soldiers who hav* fought
its battles, from the Revolution down, find always
will—do not getas much as a captain in your Ar-
my. In Mexico you had but eight thousand in
your whole Army when the war commenced. Of
the fifty thousand thai went there, the lobular
Army did not furnish eight thousand. Of the
thousands whose bones arc bleaching on that for-
eign soil, the most of them are the citizen soldu-i s,
taken from the workshops, the plow handles,
the professional offices of the United States. No-
body ever thinks of giving them anything that is
not nominated in the bond, within the contract,
when theyontered into service. As to gratuities
to th^m afterwards, I have no douhtsuch a propo-
sition would be laughed out of the Senate. But
in the regular service- there are influences that
bring an e«prit du corps to bear. Oftentimes they
haveassociations with gentlemen here, with those
who make the laws m Washington, and others,
and if they can get their brothers in arms, from
the major general down, to certify to them, as
in one of these cases, there is scarcely any limit
to the benefits they may receive from the country
except what they have the face to ask
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall briefly
reply to some of the remarks of the Senator from
Georgia; and in the first place, as to the citizen
soldiery. Pray, sir, has it come to this, that a
man who bears his country's commission, or a
man who enlists in his country's service without
a commission, has ceased to be a citizen ? Why
this distinction of "citizen soldiery ?" Are they
not all citizens ? I hope the day will never come
when our flag will be intrusted to the keeping of
others than citizens of the United States; and that
the day is still more distant, if there be a time
more distant than eternity, when it shall be held
in a republican government that to serve his coun-
try for life, or a term of years, is a loss of the
name of citizen.
Then as to the matter of compensation. It is
the volunteers who have friends in this House,
and in the other. It is they who have gone out of
service, that have representatives in this Cham-
berand in the other House, and being represented
and having the power to vote, they seldom require
defense from any one; they are less often the sub-
ject of attack; but is it true that they do not get
any more pension than is nominated in the bond5
or otherwise, is it not true that you grant extraor-
dinary pensions, up to twenty or thirty dollars a
month, for a man who has lost an arm in the vol-
unteer service, and that to the soldier regularly
mustered in, you give but half his monthly pay,
six, or eight, or ten dollars, according to the pe-
riod of his service ?
Then is it not true that you have granted ex-
traordinary pensions, extraoidinary in their char-
acter as well as amount, to the commissioned
officers of the volunteer army ?—-not that they are
less meritorious. They have made patriotic sacri-
fices, or have entered the military service from
that sort of enthusiasm which is characteristic of
our people. I give them all due credit for it; but
I say the practice is otherwise than the Senator
states it. The difficulty is to find anybody that
will advocate the ense of a man who, separated
from civil life, having no power to control elec-
tions, must come here and stand on the simple
mouts of the case he presents.
Then, sir, the Senator falls into the very com-
mon error of taking all the allowances of an officer
commuted, and calling this his pay; hecompares
it with salaries in civil life, where a man lives at
home, and engages in other pursuits in addition
to the office which gives him a salary. For in-
stance: m the very table on which I know his eye
was resting, he takes up the amount the officer
has received for mileage, and has added that into
his annual salary; he takes the amount of forage
for his hruse, p.nd has added that into his annual
salary. Now, sir, his mileage is for actual travel,
not for travel like a Senator's, over the usual route,
but travel over the shortest mail route; and he is
'not allowed, like a Senator, forty cents a mile for
travel, but ten cents. In a case which I had occa-
sion once to examine, where an officer of the Army
and a Senator traveled together over the same
route, from one point to another, the Senator's
mileage was exactly double that of the officer. It
was from Detroit to New York. It was four
times the amount of money per mile, and double
the number of miles. Your rule is to pay by the
usually traveled route; the officer is paid by the
shortest mail route, whether he has traveled it or
not.
Then the Senator goes across the water; he
brings up the armies of Europe to answer the
comparison on which 1 originally met him—the
pay of the officers of the Army and the pay of
citizen employes of this Government. Now, if
lie will take the pay of a captain, he will find it
lower than that of the lowest clerk employed
about the Capitol, and he will find that nearly all
the allowances winch he commutes to make up
the annual salary on which he rests his statement
are allowances which, when commuted, are to the
officer a positive loss. I referred to forage; let us
take it. If the officer kept his horse in this city,
he would pay from eighteen to twenty dollars a
month for keeping him, in addition to the risk and
the interest on the putchase money. The Gov-
ernment would give him justeight dollars a month
in commutation of his forage, so that he loses
from ten to twelve dollarsamonth, without count-
ing in the risk of the loss of the horse and the in-
terest on his value. They ought never tp have
been added and presented here to deceive mem-
bers of Congress, under the supposition that they
are salary. They are allowances given only when
they keep the thing. In this case, the officer must
actually keep the horse to draw the forage; and the
Quartermaster General, who has especial charge
of that matter; you will find, in different years and
