1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB?-..-
cause before them must be obeyed; and I will go
as far and as readily as any man to obey the man-
date of any court to which T am bound to render
obedicnce; and 1 am bound to render obedience to
the Supreme Court of the United States; bu t when
they undertake to settle questions not before them,
I (el! them those questions are for me as well as
for them. When they undertake to give opinions
on collateral matters which are not involved in
their decision, and they are not caJied upon to
decide them, I tell them they are men like myself
p and others, and their opinions are of no value,
- except so far as they enforce them by sufficient
- and substantial reasons; and if they give bad rea-
' - sons or bad logic, I would treat them as I should
anybody else who would try to convince my judg-
ment in such a way. I have good authority on
this point; and it is authority that I present for
the special benefit of those who are disposed to
read us lectures lately on the subject of bowing
to the opinion of the court. I have a law-book
in my hand, from which 1 wish to read one or
two passages. The supreme court of one of the
States of this Union, in giving the opinion which
I hold in my hand, m speaking of the action of
the Supreme Court of the United States, says:
The disregard of this court to the known will of the
makers ot the Constitution, as to the rule of constiueuon,
is equally exhibited in a number of other cases; especially
in the cases of Cohen vs. Virginia, and Worcester & But-
ler vs. Georgia, in which it held that a State might be sued,
notwithstanding the clear manifestation of the will of the
makeis of the Constitution, in the amendment ofit to which
I have heretofore referied, that the Constitution was not to
be so construed as to make a Stale sueabie.
" But arc not the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States to govern this, as to the rule of construing
the Constitution They are not, anymore than the decis-
ions of that court are to be governed by the deci&ions of
this.
"The Supreme Court of the United States lias nojuus-
diction over this court, oi over any department of the gov-
ernment of this State."
I wish to read another passage showing the
opinions entertained by the learned court which
gave the decision before me:
44 But say that I am wrong in this opinion ; still, I deny
that the decisions of the Supreme Court referred to are
precedents to govern this, court.
" Thos^e decisions WPic more partisan decisions—to be
ovenuied in the Couit which made them, as soon as a ma-
jority of the members oi the court should be of different
politics from the politics of the members who made the
decisions. The doctrine that a decision of the .Supreme
Court o( the United States is to dictate a man's politics
to him, is a doctiine avowed by a tew in this country.
Such a doctrine would be an ea*y means of perpetuating
a dynasty of principles, however false and wicked. All
that would have to be done, would be to start with men
of those principles. Their decisions would do the re*t.
Whatever they said the Constitution meant, the people
would have to vote it to mean. Parties, on constitutional
questions, could notarise.
{' 13ut are these mere political decisions, and made by
paitisan judges
Then the court go on to review the history of
the judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, beginning with Judge Marshall, to show
that they are mere partisans. There is another
liule extract I should like to read.
Mr. STUART. What court is it, from the
opinion of which the Senator is reading?
Mr. FESSENDEN". I will give my authority
after I have read what the court say:
" Now, partisan decisions may do to bind the political
pairy which the makers of them happen to belong to. They
certainly hind no other party. And this has been the um-
foim practice of all parties in this country. The Supreme
Court said a bank is constitutional; yet, bank charters have
been vetoed by three several Presidents: Madison, Jack-
son, Tyler."
The same court say we received such a man-
date from the Supreme Court of the United States,
but we treated it with contempt. Sir, that is the
opinion of the supreme court of Georgia delivered
in the case of Padelford& Co. vs. the city of Sa-
vannah, in the fourteenth volume of Georgia Re-
ports, page 438.
If these are mere party decisions, let us under-
stand it. It seems that when the decisions are one
way by the Supreme Court of the United States,
gentlemen of the South say " the judges are par-
tisan judges; they cannot settle constitutional
questions for us; those arc political matters."
When, however, they undertake extra-judicially
to give opinions not called for by the point before
them; to lay down doctrines at variance with the
whole history and precedents of the country from
its very foundation, to overturn the, decisions of
their own predecessors, greater men than ever
they can hope to be, and to reverse all the decis-
ions of the legislative department of the Goveni-
' merit, on questions of a political character and [
" description, on their own mere say-so, we are
. told all this is law.
Sir, I was perfectly aware, from the course of
• proceeding, what this decision would be. When
'] 1 saw the dictum, or the dogma, if you please to
j. call it so, laid down in the Cincinnati platform,
, ; that there was no power in the people of a Terri-
■ i tory to exclude slavery, and when I saw that that
question had been brought to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that the Supreme Court,
after hearing the argument, had adjourned from
one day before the election of President over to
another day after the election of President, I knew
what the strength of the slavery party, was; I felt
what the decision was to be; and I felt as well,
and I do not hesitate to say it here, that had the
result of that election been otherwise, and had not
the party triumphed on the dogma which they had
thus introduced, we should never have heard of a
doctrine so utterly at variance with all truth; so
utterly destitute of all legal logic; so founded on
error, and unsupported by anything like argu-
ment, as is the opinion of the Supreme Court.
1 should like, if I had time, to attempt to dem- !
onstrate the fallacy of that opinion. I have ex- j
amined the view of the Supreme Court of the Uni- 1
ted States on the question of the power of the j
Constitution to carry slavery into free territory
belonging to the United States, and I tell you that
I believe any fairly respectable lawyer in UieUm-
1 ted States can show, beyond all question, to any !
fair and unprejudiced mind, that the decision has j
nothing to stand upon except assumption, and 1
bad logic from the assumptions made. The main I
proposition on which that decision is founded;;
the corner-stone ofit, without which it is nothing; j
without which it fails entirely to satisfythe mind i
of any man, is this; that the Constitution of the
United States recognizes slavery as property, and
protects it as such. I deny it. It neither recog-
nizes slavery as property, nor does it protect sla-
very as property.
Fortunately for my assertion, the Supreme
Court, in making that the very corner-stone of
their decision, without which the whole fails, state
theclauseson which they ground these assertions.
On what do they found the assertion that the
Constitution protects slavery as property? On
the provision of the Constitution by which Con-
gress is prohibited from passing a law to prevent I
the African slave trade for twenty years; and I
therefore they say the Constitution recognizes it !
as property. Will not anybody see that this con- !
stitutional provision, if it works one way, must i
work the other? If, by protecting the slave trade I
for twenty years, we recognize it as property, !
when we say that at the end of the twenty yeais j
we will cease to protect it, or may cease to do so, |
is not that denying that it is property after that |
period elapses? Suppose I yield to the court all the
force they demand, and admit that here is a dis-
tinct recognition that this is property, because we
recognize that the African slave trade may exist for
twenty years; yet, when we say that after that j
period has elapsed that protection shall no longer J
exist, do we not say that after that period of time '
it no longer is property, and ceases to be at the j
expiration of twenty years? Certainly if the ar- I
gument will work the one way, it must work the j
other. If you derive the power under the Con- >
stitution, because for twenty years it is property,
you lose it when the twenty years elapse, by the
same method of argument.
Mr. MASON. That is an assumption.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my argument, and
it is my answer to the assumption of theSupreme
Court of theJCJnited States. If it is an assumption
on my part,itis certainly an assumption on theirs.
But I leave it to every fair man, on every princi-
ple of logic. It depends on that, does it ? That
died twenty years after the Constitution went into
operation. Did not the recognition die with it?
Does the Constitution recognize it after the twenty
years have elapsed ? The power is gone. So far
as you draw any recognition from that clause, it
ceased with the expiration of the period.
Again, the court say it is recognized as prop-
erty by the provisions that persons held to service
escaping from one State into another shall be de- !
livered up. Are they not spoken of as "persons?" '
Are they spoken of as property? Is there any- j
thing said about their being property? Does not!
that provision of the Constitution apply just as ■
well to white apprentices, held under the law.scif,-.
the different States-for a term of years, as itdoe0
to slaves? Will you pretend that'by'the Consti-*
tution of the United States, white persons, held
as appj-qntices for a term of years, are property }
Certainly no such position can exist. Your argu-
ment, if it wprks at all, must go the whole length
and, you. must find that the word " person "means"
property, and may'be regularly and legally con-
strued as property. I have not time now to put-
sue this, topic.
Then, sir, to sum up the substt^ce of ijiy,.arg,u-
ment, I wisji to i^ay. again th^t what, I consider
this, original scheme, to have been, was to assert
popular sovereignty in the fyst place' with a view
of. rendering the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise in some way palatable; then to deny it and
avowthe establishment of slavery; thpn to legal-,
izo, this by a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and claim, that it had become estab-
lished. I sincerely believe that decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States was a part of
the programme. _ It was to be had, if having it
would avail; but if npt, it would never have been
had.
Mr. President, the natural result of ajl this ,
should hav&been foreseei?. The'honorable,Sen-
ator from Illinois, at this.day, interposes his strong
arm. to stay the tide of, slavery which ia setting
over Kansas Territory contrary to the express,
will of her people. He claims to do so, notfr.otrj
any sympathy he has with the general subject,
but simply for the purpose of carrying out what
he says is the original intent and meaning of his
favorite bill. From what I have said, I think is
is perfectly obvious that he might have foreseen
what the result would be. He has gone on, ac-
cording to the dictates of his own conscience; first
breaking down the barrier which kept slavery but
of Kansas; next protecting and defending every
outrage that has been perpetrated in Kansas, with
a view to force slavery on that people up to the
time of this last great outrage, when it was at-
tempted to place aconstitution, in the shape it was,"
befoie the people, and then send it to Congress;
and now he stays his hand here. Why, sir, with
what a vain hope! Does the honorable Senator
think he can take the prey from the ti°,er, and
not himself be torn? \Vhen was slavery ever
known to stay its hand in its march fiver si, free,
country unless forced to do so: ant) when it had
seized it, when was it ever Itnown to let go its
hold? It is a part of the system to pay nothing
at all for involuntary servitude; and if the service
is voluntary, experience has shown that it must
be unlimited, unquestioning, eternal. To hesitate
is to lose all; to stop, is to die. The experience
of greater men than the Senator from Illinois,and
of many smaller ones, might have taught him that -
lesson.
Sir, I say that he and the friends who stood by
him, in repealing the Missouri compromise at
the time it was repealed, should have known what
the result was to be, should have known that as
the design was to force slavery into Kansas, so
slavery would never leave Kansas unless it was
drivenout byforce. They should have understood
what the result was to be; and it is not enough
for them to say now, that they do not, and did not
understand it. Well might they quote the lan-
guage of the greatest poet of this century, and
say :
'• The thorn'! which I have reaped are of the tree
I planted ; they have torn ine and X bleed.
I should have known what fruit would spring from such
a seed."
But, sir, what is tp be the remedy for all this ?
What is promised us? The President tells ua
we are to have peace when this constitution is
adopted and Kansas comes into, the Union as a
slave State. He speaks contrary to all philoso-
phy. Have w.e ever had any peace for the last
four years on this question? Has this country
been a peaceful country during that time ? The
initiation was only then; and when this matter
was initiated; when the Missouri compromise vi^as
repealed,; did you not witness in this country an
excitement which would not die; and yet we are
told now, consummate tlie iniquity, carry out the
cheat, repudiate popular sovereignty, get a decis-
ion from a slavery court that the Constitution
(shame to it, if so) not only recognizes, but pro-
tects slaveryon free soil, force slavery on the peo-
ple of Kansas, by presenting them two constitu-
