27m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
months, allocs diflerentamounts. The reason is,
that an officer never charges forage for ev horse
unless he has a horse in service enlisted. If a
horse dies, he instantly drops him from the forage
account.
But the Senator says that the standard of qual-
ification for an officer of the Army is, that he shall
have a good character, and that there is no in-
quiry at ail about his capacity. He went on to
state how he established that standard, and he al-
luded to some nominations on which the Senate
acted this session. I was not present, and 1 am
glad to know, from his remarks, that he was op-
posed to those nominations. It was an outrage
upon the rights of the graduating class; it was an
outrage on the law of the land; it was an outrage \
on every principle of justice; and I regretted very j
much that I was not here at the time to say so in
executive session. I am glad to know that there is
one point, at least, if we must differ on pensions,
where, on military questions, the Senator from !
Georgia and myself concur. But he says the 1
qualifications are nothing except good character.
Well, sir, what are the qualifications for a seat in
the Senate? I suppose he would say a Senator
should not be of infamous character; but we have
no standard of education, no standard of attain-
ment. We leave that to the State which sends a
Senator here. If the War Department does not
examine the persons whom it chooses to appoint
into the Army, the rule has been very recently '
changed; but these are the exceptional cases.
Take them to be all the Senator assumes, they
aie still the exceptional cases. The great body
of the officers annually are appointed in the war-
rant grade; they are compelled to go through that
warrant grade of cadet, and to pass their regular |
examinations up to the last at West Point, which, j
cxccpt two of the schools of France, 1 believe, is
thebestmilitaryschoolin theworld—affording;the '
most thorough military education. Having passed '
that examination, they enter the service with that
amount of qualification. If you look abroad over
the United States for the last thirty ycais, I ask j
the Senator to lay his hand upon one great woik
of internal improvement which has been devised |
and executed without the aid of .some graduate of i
that same Military Academy which he so umlrr- i
values? I know of none which has not, either in |
the original conception or in the final execution, !
had to call m exactly that aid, and none with I
which they are not intimately associated. I know
of no one great railroad on this continent that has
not had, at last, to rely on that species of aid, and
well I know that, even in the construction of turn- :
pike roads, the great Cumberland road lingered
along as the subject of annual fraud, until General
Jackson, with that wisdom which lm showed on
all executive occasions, put it in the hands of of-
ficers of the Army, and it went on without any
further nllegation of fraud. Such is the general
rule, and such is the general evidence of the qual-
ifications of the great body of the officers of the
Army who luive entered the service for the last,
thirty years. The exceptional case of young men
appointed from civil life, merely pi<m:s what
standard you would have if you had no such tho-
rough training in the warrant grade as is required
by the existing regulations
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia will not be agreed to.
As a general thing there may be an objection to
pensions; but this is an extraordinary case. Gen-
eral Gaines was one of the most gallant, one of
the most able, one of the most patriotic, one of
the most beloved officers of the whole American
Army. Almost everybody in the country believed
he was a major general when he died, lie ought
to have been a major general long ago. By some
fault, not his own, by some act. of the Govern-
ment, or of (hose more managing, he was pre-
vented from getting that grade to which his ser-
vices entitled him. lie lived to be a very old
man; he was constantly in service; one of the
most efficient and bravest men who served during
the last war with Great Britain, and who was,
after that, constantly upon the confines of the
country engaged in Us service. He died a poor
man, without leaving any property at all. His
wife comes here without any means of support,
and asks the pension which has ordinarily been
given to the widows of officers and soldiers of the
Army. It is now proposed to cut her down to
less than one half the lowest pay given to the ser-
vants of your House. 1 do not look on her case
at all like Mrs. Jones's. General Jones was here,
at the seat of Government, for forty years, living
all the time with his family. General Gaines was
away in places where he was compelled to expend
large sums of money, constantly in danger of dis-
ease. He was a brigadier general. GeneralJones
was, I believe, but a colonel in the line of the
Army. Now, the Senator from Georgia proposes
to cut down General Gaines's widow to half the
pay of a lieutenant colonel in the Army. Her
husband was a brigadier general when he died.
Why not give her half the pay of a major gen-
eral, to which rank that old man was entitled ?
We hear a great deal of talk about wasting
money on soldiers of the Army. That is but talk.
There is, to be sure, a great anxiety to get com-
missions in the Army, but that arises from the
public spirit, the patriotism, and the love of mil-
itary life, which our whole people have. They
er>ter the military service, and the result is that
they die poor old.men. I remember a man com-
ing here, *yid receiving an appointment in the
Army when I fitstcame to the city of Washing-
ton. I found him here twenty-five years after that
a gray-headed old man, who would leave his chil-
dien penniless. You generally find in the Army
men of fifty and fifty-five years of age without a
cent, whereas the greater portion of those in the
Army enjoying the situations which gentlemen
seem to envy so much, would have made them-
selves comfortable if they had devoted themselves |
with half their knowledge, and half their talents
to any oilier profession in life. Why, sir, a jour-
neyman shoemaker, if he sticks to his last, can
make more money and leave more to his family,
than a captain in the Army can. I hope there will
be no change in the bill for Mrs. Gaines, but that
this lady will have the full amount which it will
give to her in its present shape.
, Mr, TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment, to see whether we are to vio-
late the general rule in this case.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi. HOUSTON. Ican assure thehonorablc Sen-
ator from Georgia that this is not an exceptional
case in my support of this pension. In the first,
place, I think it is just and right; and. apart from
all personal considerations, 1 believe it to be due
to the family of Major General Gaines. For that
reason I have supported it. I have voted for every
pension of every disabled soldier, or every sol-
dier's widow or orphan heirs who have come for-
ward asking for a pension where he has died in
the service. I have voted for granting pensions
to volunteers who died in Mexico. Sometimes I
have voted for them as high as twenty dollars a
month; when, according to the general law, the
parties would only strictly have been entitled to
four dollars a month, knowing that that was in-
sufficient to support the individual, and to pay the
incidental expenses arising from the attention of
doctors, and the treatment of wounds yet un-
healed. But to show that this is not an extraordi-
nary case, and that it is on the very lowest footing,
comparing all the circumstances together, I will
state that a pension was granted at the last session
of Congress to an individual who could only have
claimed four dollars amonth according to the gen-
eral law. If Senators will look at the bill for the
relief of John Mitchell, of the District of Colum-
bia, passed at the last Congress, they will find
that he was placed on the pension roll at the rate
of thirty dollars per month. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia alludes to individuals in hum-
ble circumstances, who are neglected, and their
voice not heard here, I have to say to him that I
have always voted for the highest rate of pension
where theie was merit, in the case. In the pres-
ent instance, I regard the half pay of the deceased
as but a pittance, compared with the services ren-
dered, and the glory he shed upon his country's
arms. 1 am prepared to vote against this amend-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Air. Toombs to limit the pen-
sion to fifty dollars a month, resulted—yeas 24,
nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Benjamin, bright, Brodenok, Clay,
Chngman, Durkee, Fessemlen, Fitzpatriek, Fosterdlamlm,
Harlan, flunter, fverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kmc,
Mallory, Mason, Pearee, Polk, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wugiit—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Cametoti, Ciaik, Colla-
nier, Crittenden, Davii>, Dixon, Douglas, Foot, Green,
Hayne, Houston, Johnson of Arkansas. Jones. Kennedy,
Ileid, Seward, Emmons, Stuart. Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wade, arid Wilson—04.
The VICE PRESIDENT voted in the affirma-
tive, and the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment:
Jliid. be it further cnacted, That the name of Jane Turn-
bull, widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel William Turn-
bull, be placed on the pension loll as a pensioner lor life,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month.
Mr. HUNTER. Has not the time come for
the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour for the
; consideration of the special order has arrived.
1 Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to postpone the
I priororders for the purpose of taking up the Navy
j appropriation bill. I understand that the Paulding
i medal resolution is the first special order, and I
: move to postpone that and all other prior orders
j for the purpose of taking up the navalappropna-
i tion bill.
| Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
j Virginia that he waive his motion for the purpose
i of allowing us to consider the resolution to ex-
! tend the session.
I Mr. HUNTER. That can be taken up to-
i morrow. I cannot waive my motion for anything.
1 think we owe it to the House of Representa-
; tives to take up the appropriation bills.
I Mr. MASON. I wish to inquire whether the
! special order made for Saturday last, to consider
: on that day the resolutions reported from the.
I Committee on Foreign Relations, with reference
; to the aggressions on the commerce of the coun-
' try in the Gulf of Mexico, is not, by the rules of
j the Senate, transferred to to-day, or whether it is
, to be passed over?
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection of
i the Chair is, that those resolutions were made
! the special order for Saturday to the exclusion of
i all other business; but the Chair does not think
i they come up to-day to the exclusion of other
i business.
I Mr. MASON. { wish to give notice that I
; shall to-morrow, if I can get the floor, ask the
i Senate "to take up for consideration the bill re-
j ported from the Committee on Foreign Relations
I to give additional powers to the President m our
I intercourse with the Cential American States. I
| deem it my duty to submit the question to fi vote
' of the Senate. It is certainly proper that we should
i pass the appropriation bills before we adjourn
I but, in my opinion, it is equally proper that w
| should dispose of the public business before we
j adjourn; and therefore I shall ask the Senate to
I take up that bill to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. Was not the bill to which the
| Senator from Virginia refers made the special
order for twelve o'clock on Saturday; and docs
it not stand upon the record as the special order
for twelve o'clock on each day until disposed of?
["No!" "No!"] This is the first time I ever
■ heard of a special order expiring, if on any ac-
i count it should not be taken up on the day fixed,
j Mr. BIGLER. I desire a little information on
! a question with regard to the rules. The Senator
from Virginia has moved to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the Navy appropriation bill. Sup-
pose that proposition be decided in the affirma-
tive: will it be in order to move to postpone the
special order to take up the resolution for the ex-
tension of the session?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask permission of my
' friend from Virginia to notify gentlemen that on
Wednesday I shall ask the Senate to take up and
consider for final action the bill (S. No. 373) de-
claratory of the acts for carrying into effect the
ninth articic of the treaty of 1819 between the
: United States and Spain; and 1 invite the atten-
j tion of Senators to the report in the case, made by
' the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
It is a bill to redeem the plighted faith of the
i country in our treaty with Spain in relation to
the Floridas.
j ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
| A message from the House of Representatives,
'> by Mr. Allsn, its Clerk, announced that the
