m
tsa& em&mm^ab glokb.
February 8,
committee, though it afterwards formed the basis
and staple of their complaint.
Mr. President, I concur with my friend from
Virginia* and when I rose I did not intend to con-
Bun^c anything like so much time as I have occu-
pied. I think there are points which have been
sprung upon the Senate to-day and heretofore,
•which require to be answered and to be met. Like
my friend from Virginia, I shall feel that it de-
volves on me, as a representative in part of that
constituency which is peculiarly assailed, on an-
other occasion, to meet, and, if I am able, to an-
swer, the allegations.and accusations which have
been heaped, as well on the section in, which I
live, as upon every man who has performed his
duty by extending over them the protection for
which our Constitution and Government were
formed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ My physical ability is
not very great at any time, and what I have is
well nigh exhausted by the length of time during
which I have been obliged to trespass on the Sen-
ate. In what I have to reply, therefore, to the
Senator from Mississippi, I must necessarily eon-
fine myself to a very brief period. I may take
occasion hereafter to review what the Senator has
now said, in detail; and, although I have wearied
the patience of the Senate very much to-day, I
suppose it will not preclude me from wearying it
as much at another time, if I see fit to do so. I
am, therefore, not particularly alarmed by the
threat of the Senator that he will proceed, at some
future occasion, to treat of what has been said on
this side of the Chamber to-day, and in which, I
suppose, he referred to me, as 1 have said the
principal part of it.
But I rise for the purpose of saying that I do
not recognise his authority in the style which he
chooses to assume, to lecture me on the senti-
ments that I choose to advance before the Senate.
In the first place, 1 have not attacked the institu-
tion of slavery in the States where it is estab-
lished. I have preached no crusade against it. )
havs-expressly disavowed the intention to inter-
fere with it—not because I have any fear of avow-
ing such sentiments if I entertained them, nor
bcoause I should hesitate to do so m the piesenee
of the honorable Senator fiom Mississippi. Sir,
when the day comes when I shall shrink from
stating in this Senate and before the country, every
sentiment that I entertain, evei y fouling of my
heart, with reference to these matters whit h so
much agitate this country, under the fear of man,
of what man can say or man can do; whenever
such considerations shall induce me to hesitate, T
will not stay in this body a single hour. 1 should
disgrace the noble State from which I come and
which trusts me here, if I hesitated to speak my
opinions as well upon this subject as any other.
1 will not use the offensive phrase which hasbe<-n
used here sometimes with reference to the de-
meanor of gentlemen towards this side of the
Chamber when we express our sentiments; but I
will say to the Senator from Mississippi most dis-
tinctly, and to every other Senator, that while I
intend to treat them with all that respect and
courtesy winch arc due from me to them, us hav-
ing the same rights here and sitting in the same
position, they must accord to me the right to
speak the sentiments which I entertain, unawed
by any comment or any consequences that may
be intimated from any quarter whatever.
The Senator chooses to place me in the atti-
tude of advocating disunion sentiments. I have
not sung pagans to the Union or the Constitution.
I do not pretend that my life has been so illustra-
ted by distinguished services to the country as
the honorable Senator from Mississippi seems to
suppose his has been. I accord to him ail the glory
and the merit which he may claim for himself. I
attack not him. I respect his chaiacter and re-
spect his services; but, sir, I want lam to under-
stand distinctly that whatever may be his superi-
ority over me in those particulars, or in any other
particulars, on this spot we are his peers. I am
the equal of any man in my rights on this floor,
and I will exert those rights wherever I choosc,
within the rules of order, let the consequences be
what they may in regard to me; and if the time
comes when I cannot make my hand keep my head,
then anybody is welcome to take it. Sir, I have
avowed no disunion sentiments on this floor,
neither here nor elsewhere. Can the honorable
Senator from Mississippi say as much?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr FESSENDEN. I amgladtohearit, then.'
Mr. DAVIS. Yes. I have long sought for a
i respectable man who would allege the contrary.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I make no allegation. I
asked if he could say as much. I am glad to
hear him say so, because I must say to him that
the newspapers have represented him as making
a speech in Mississippi, m which he said he came
into General Pierce's Cabinet a disunion man. If
he never made it, very well.
Mr. DAVIS-. I will thank you to produce that
newspaper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot produce it, but
I can producean extract from it in another paper.
Mr. DAVIS. An extract, then, that falsifies the
text.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very glad to hear
the Senator say so. I made no accusation. I
put the question to him. If he denies it, very
well. 1 only say that with all the force and
energy with which he denies it, so do I. The
accusation neverhasbeen made againstme before.
On what ground does the Senator now put it?
On the ground that 1 assert that I am opposed to
the extension of slavery over free territory, and
have asserted that the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and the events which have followed
it, have been an outrage on the rights of the free
States and on the Territory of Kansas, and that
I will continue to agitate that subject so far as
that Territory is concerned, so long as I have the
power to agitate upon it with any effect. Is that
disunion ? Does that prove his allegation ?
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator ask me for an
answer ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; if the Senator
feels disposed to give one.
Mr. DAVIS. If you ask me for an answer it
is easy. I said your position was fruitful of such
a result. I did not say you avowed the object—
nothing of the sort; but the reverse.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am very happy then to
be corrected in that particular. I understood the
Senator to charge me distinctly with disunion sen-
timents, as undermining the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. DxWIS. As sentiments that had that
effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ That is a matter of opin-
ion on which I have a right to entertain my view
as well as the Senator his. That I am undermin-
ing the institutions of the country by attacking
the Supreme Court of the United States! I at-
tack not their decision, for they have made none;
it is their opinion My belief is, my position is,
that that very opinion, if carried into practice, un-
dermines the institutions of this country. Sir, the
institutions of this country stood firm; they stood
upon the doctrines of freedom, not of slavery.
When the Supreme Court of the United States
lay down the doctrine that the Constitution of the
United States recognizes slavery, I do not deny it.
The position I assumed was, that the Constitu-
tion of the United States docs not recognize slaves
as property; does not protect them as property.
It recognizes slavery as an institution existing in
the States; it provides for certain contingencies;
those contingencies I neither repudiate nor deny,
nor attempt to cavil at; but 1 do deny the position
which is assumed by the Supreme Court of the
United States, applied to property as recognized
by the Constitution beyond the limits of those
States.
I assume, as I have always assumed, that in the
Territories no State has any right. There is no
such thing as the right of States in a Territory.
The rights, if they exist, are the rights of the
people of the States—personal rights; and when
an individual, a citizen of a State, leaves that State
with a design to go to another, and passes beyond
its limits, he loses every right which he had as a
citizen of that State, for he ceases to be its citizen.
It being a personal right, if you wish to put it on
that ground, and wish to divide this Territory ac-
cording to the interest the people have in it, in
proportion to numbers, how much, I ask, would
the slaveholders of the Union be entitled to ? How
much would the half a million of slaveholders,
with their wives and children, be entitled to out
of the Territories of the United States when put
against the more than twenty millions of free peo-
ple, who have the same rights with themselves?
And yet the doctrine is taught here that because
in some of the States of the Union slavery exists,
therefore we are to take the number of States, and
on the ground of State rights claim that the terri-
tory is to be equally divided, with equal privileges.
Sir, it is a personal privilege. So far as you
may be a slaveholder, and desire to go to the Ter-
ritories, you have all the privilege which belongs
to you as an individual. If the Constitution en-
ables and authorizes you to carry slaves there,
take them there and try it. I deny the fact. It
never was so held until very recently, when in-
dividuals of the Supreme Court gave that opinion.
When Mr. Calhoun broached the doctrine in the
Senate of the United States,it was received with
derision, and it died. It hardly had an existence
long enough to have it said that it lived; and when
Mr. Calhoun, at a later day, said, as he did say,
that if the Supreme Court should decide that the
doctrine was not a true one, that decision would
be entitled to no respect, to no observance, pray,
was not he uttering sentiments undermining the
Constitution of the United States and our insti-
tutions? He said then, m a supposed case, what
I say now. He said that if the Supreme Court.-
established the doctrine that the Constitution did
not carry slavery into the Territories, that opinion
of theirs would be entitled to no respect. I say.
they have decided according to his wish, and that
decision is entitled to no respect,forit is opposed
to all the precedents of this Government, and op-
posed to all the doctrines which he at the foun-
dation of our institutions, and opposed to the pre-
vious decisions of that court.
Now the Senator says we are aggressive. Pray
who began the aggression? Was not this country
at peace after the compromises of 1850 ? Was not
the country quiet? Who reopened the agitation ?
Who introduced the torch of discord among the
peopL of these States r Those who advocated the
repeal of the Missouri restriction. You opened
it at a time of profound peace, not we; and we
warned you then, that if you insisted on it, these
flames would be kindled again, and God only
knew how long they would burn. That aggres-
sion has been going on in Kansas from that day
to the present. It has not ceased even now; and
this issue is presented here in such a shape that
the Senator from Illinois is compelled, from a
sense of justice and duty, and regard toliis own
honor, to oppose the further perpetration of the
outrages that have taken place there.
You say that you make no aggressions on us;
you attack none of our interests. Look at the
attack made on them at this very session. The
fishing interest is an important matter in this
country, protected by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Has there been no attack on that?
Has not the honorable Senator from Georgia given
notice of a bill to repeal all the navigation laws of
the United States? Has he not put that question
before a committee? Is that no attack on the
interests of the North ' I am speaking of their
interests. 1 do not feel disposed to argue that mat-
ter now, but I regard it as only the beginning. I
know not how far it will go. 1 did not allude to
it in the speech which I made; but if the Senator
asks me for proof of any desire on the part of the
southern people which is to be found to attack
the interests of the North, all J have to say is,
look at your policy. You have broken down our
manufactures as far as you could. Some of you
are now seeking to break down our commerce,
and you ask us what you have done, and when
will we cease our aggressions? Sir, we have been
on the defensive from the beginning. We were
on the defensive in 1854 when the Missouri com-
promise line was repealed. We have been on the
defensive ever since; we stand on it to-day. What
we advocate is that same lino which was then es-
tablished. If the consequences are injurious to
you, blame yourselves for that; we have had no
hand in them; we warned you from the begin-
ning.
Mr. President, I did not think I could be drawn
out to the extent to which I have been, but I felt
it my duty to repel the imputation that I thought
was made on me by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi. What my sentiments may lead to
I do not know. They are such sentiments as I
honestly entertain, such as I have an undoubted
right to express, and I do not feel called upon to
resign my seat here, although the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi intimates that the opinions
which I have advanced must be the product either
