1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2731
people of California and my New England friends I
cannot imagine. Nothing will stand that climate |
but stone. The forts that were erected at the
rnouth of the harbor of Pensacola have already !
been suffered to go to ruin for the want of an ap- j
propriation; but if kept up, they would give an j
ample protection to that harbor, and this is a point |
that we should not overlook. \ consider the ap- !
propriation of $100,000 for this purpose as ex- j
ceedingly small. We have neglected our duty; 1
and I say to my distinguished friend from Ken- ■
tucky, that if this harbor be not protected, and we ■
go to war with England, especially, tfie wealth j
and the produce of his section of the country will j
not have a chance of being sold in any way what- I
soever; and really, looking forward to Cuba, and i
the difficulties there, Pensacola is the only posi- !
tion on the Gulf where our men-of-war can go in I
and be safe. !
I cannot agree with my distinguished and tal- 1
ented friend from Virginia on this occasion. I ;
think $100,000 to commencc this work is too pit- ;
ifui a sum to be considered. Senators, are you to
neglect your duties because you have to borrow ;
money, when for your five and six per cent, bonds i
you can get a premium? You can get as much j
as you want; but do not throw it away; apply it j
to legitimate purposes; and this is a most legiti-
mate object, in which the whole Union—Boston
and New York—are as much concerned as New
Orleans and the West. I must sustain my friend ,
Aom Floiidaon this occasion. 1 shall notdetain
the Senate longer. * !
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this amendment. It is an old acquaintance. I '
recollect the debate at the last session, when the
late,Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Brodhead)
assured us that we bad just finished the wooden .
dock at that time. I believe he said it had just
been six months out of the contractor's hands. If,
as soon as we build one dock, we are to take n
down and put up anothei, we shall never be done
with this business. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, liigler, Bright,
Hale, Hammond, Hayne. Iveison, IVlallory, Sebastian,Sim-
mon:?, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
\Vn?!it, and Yulee—16.
NAYS— Me««rs. Drodfrick, Cameron, Clark, Clay, Col-
Ifimci, Cjittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doohttie, Fe^senden,
Fitzpiniek, Foot, Foster, Ilatlatt, Houston, Hunter, John-
son of Aik.ui^as, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King,
Ma^oit. lYarcc, P<dk. Push, Itud, Rice, Sewaul, Stuart,
Toomb>, TrumbuBj and Wade—ol.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
Naval Committee is to insert oil page 8 after line
one hundred and sixty-three:
That the Secretaries of the Treasury and Navy be, and
they are hereby, authorized and required to a^ceitain, m
such way a* they may deem b«$t, the aeru.il value of ilie
ten acies of land heretofore belonging to the navo! ho^piial
estate at Chelsea, Massachusetts, and ceded by the Hxth
section of " An act making appropriations for tiie civil and
diplomatic service of the Government." appioved the 'M
Match, 1S.~>5, for the purposes of ;i maiine hospital tor the
dt.stnet of Boston and Charlestown. And the Seciotary of
the Ticasuiy shall pay the so asceitained value of the>,ml
ten aeic^-, out of smv money in the Treasury not otherwi-e.
appiopnated, to the"credit of the naval ho-pital fund, out
of winch tiie onginal purchase of the piopeity &o ceded was
made.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have some
explanation of that.
Mr. MALLORY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance will find an explanation ot it
in the report of the surgeon's bureau, to be found
at page 931 of the President's Messagrs_and Doc-
uments for this year, part 3. In 1855, by an
amendment to an appropriation bill, made in the
House of Representatives, the President of the
United States was authorized to take a certain
portion of the land which the United States had
reserved for a naval hospital at Chelsea, and give
it for a marine hospital to the Treasury Depart-
ment, though the land was bought by the Navy
hospital fund, which is a fund contributed by the
twenty cents per month of the seamen and officers
of the Navy. It was a sacred fund; and without
knowing that, I presume, on a mere amendment
to an appropriation bill, the House of Represent-
atives, without discussion, took ten acres of that
land and gave it to the Treasury Department for
a marine hospital. The amendment contemplates
the repayment of the value of that land back into
the naval hospital fund. Ithas been twice recom-
mended by the head of the surgeon's bureau.
Mr. IIUNTER. Was not the money thus ex-
pended devoted to a marine hospital?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; but the Senate will
remember that the naval hospital service is en-
tirely distinct. We build marine hospitals for
the merchant service under the Treasury Depart-
ment, administered by the several collectors; but
we build naval hospitals for the sailors and officers
of the Navy. Congress took ten acres of land
which had been bought by the naval hospital fund
—a fund made up by the contributions of the
Navy—and devoted it to a marine hospital for the
merchant service. The amendment is to pay back
from the Treasury, into the naval hospital fund,
the value of that land. This provision passed the
Senate once before, but failed in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment
to come in after line six, on the first page:
That medical officers and engineers of the Navy shall be
entitled to the pay of their several firnde>s from the date of
their appointments or communions therein lespectively.
Medical officers and engineers undergo several
examinations for promotion. Frequently when
they arc entitled to an examination for promotion
their chief sends them out of the country, and
detains them perhaps a couple of years when ihey
might have passed, and they are thus kept from
their promotion. The practice has been to give
them the date of their commission from the tune
they were entitled to their examination, but under
an opinion of the Attorney General, the practice
of giving them pay from the date of their com-
mission has been suspended, and they now only
get their pay from the time they actually passed.
The amendment contemplates making their pay
and commission go hand in hand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of or-
der. Tins is a proposition to put a private b^l
on the naval appropi iution bill. I objected to these
bills—there are half a dozen of them on the Cal-
endar—when they came up. Tiie proposition, as
I understand it, is neither more nor less than this:
to pay a man at the rate allowed for his advanced
grade as a medical officer in the Navy befote he
has reached it, upon the ground that being abroad
he hasnotactually reached itas soon as he would
have reached it if he had been m the countiy.
That is the whole of it. We have four or five of
these bills now on the Private Calendar. They
were reported from the committee as private bills,
and I objected to them, on objection dny, upon
the ground that the principle was wrong.
Mr. MALLORY. If this be a private bill I
trust it will not be put on the appropriation bill,
because it is not contemplated to penmt any pri-
vate bills to go on it, but I think the Senator is' mis-
taken. It does not reach the case lie supposes.
It is prospective m its ehaiacter. It is to juovidc
in futute that officers who are abroad, when enti-
tled to their examination, shall have their pay
from the date of their commissions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdiaw the point of
order, if it does not refer to the past.
Mr. MALLORY. It is prospective entirely.
If it is not, the Senator can make it so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let k be read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. That is retrospective.
Mr. MALLORY. Put in the word ''here-
after." It was intended to be prospective.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator fiom Louisiana
is somewhat mistaken in regard to his objection
to private bills, and the non-passage of them. On
Friday last the bill for the relief of Dr. George
H. Howell, which had previously passed the
House of Representatives, passed tins body, and
is now a law. It was passed for his relief pre-
cisely under the circumstances indicated in this
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It escapcd my scrutiny.
Mr. IVERSON. There is another bill of the
same character still pending before the Senate,
which lias not yet passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. There are only two bills of thatchar-
acter before the present Congress. It is right,
proper, and just, that these officers should receive
the pay. They are ordered out upon a cruisc;
and, while they are engaged in the service of the
countiy, performing active duties, the time of
examination fixed by law comes on; and they can-
not be here, of course, to undergo examination
and get the promotion. If they were here, doing
nothing, as other surgeons and assistant surgeons
are doing nothing, on land, they would bo entitled
to their examination and to their promotion, and
they would get their pay. The refusal to do jus-
tice in this case, is simply a bounty to those who
stay on laud and do nothing, and actually impos-
ing a penalty on those who go to sea and perform
service. That is the result of it. 1 hope the amend-
ment will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poster
in the chair.) The word " hereafter" will be in-
serted after the word " that,"as suggested by the
Senator from Florida, by unanimous consent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, is to insert after line
fifty-eight:
That the Secretary of the Navy cause to be constructed,
as speedily as may be consistent with the public mterestsj
five steam set ew t>ioops-of- war,with full steam powei .whose
gieatestdi aught ">f water, in active service, shall not exceed
twelve feet, and four steam sciew sloops of war, with full
steam power, whose gieatest draught of water, m active
service, shall not exceed touiteen feet, which -ships shall
combine the heaviest annament and greatest speed eom-
j i patible with their character and tonnasre ; and, m addition
thereto, one side-wheel war steamei, whose greatest draught
shall not exceed eight fopt, armed and provided for service
in the Chum >-eas; and that theie be, and is hereby, appro-
puatcd, to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the iV<iv>, for the put pose above specified, the sum of
$1,20^,000, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out that part of
the amendment which relates to the four addi-
tional steam sloops of fourteen feet draught, so
that the amendment will stand simply for the five
steam sloops not exceeding twelve feet draught of
water, and the side-wheel steamer for the Chi-
nese seas. My reason for making this motion I
will state. Being a member of the Naval Com-
mittee, I. agreed in recommending the first five
sloops, and disagreed as to the latter part of the
proposition. If we arc going to haveanyuse for
steam ships, we shall want something larger than
these little vessels. We have on the stocks at
Portsmouth and Kittery, a ship which has been
razeed down and made into what, according to
the opinions of the officers of the Navy, and Mr.
Lenthal, the chief constructor, is as fine a model
of a ship as there is in the world; and I shall
propose, by direction of the Naval Committee, an
amendment providing for an appropriation of
$300,000, to put that ship to sea with full steam
power. Then, I think, if we increase our steam
marine by five new sloops, and a side-wheel ves-
sel for the Chinese, and the Franklin, which will
require $300,000, it will be as much as we can af-
ford at the present time. Besides, I think the sum
recommended by the committee for the construc-
tion of these steam vessels is altogether inade-
quate to finish them." I have stated my proposi-
tion; I do not want to argue it. My proposition
will leave the five steam sloops and the side-wheel
steamer, and then I shall offer the amendment to
fit out the Franklin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis moved to
amend the amendment, by striking out that por-
tion of it which provides for building four sloops-
of-war of a draught not to exceed fourteen feet.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will be stiieken
out. This is no time to add to the Navy jn the
mode m which it is now proposed; hut as I am
anxious to get alone: with the bill, I shall say
nothing m regard to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Florida until I see whether the Senate
consents to strike out this portion of it. I hope
the Senate will agree to the motion of the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. MALLORY. I am sorry to hear the Sen-
ator fiom Virginia say that he can see no reason
for an mciease of the Navy in the manner here
pointed out, and I should like him to indicate in
what way lie thinks the Navy ought to be in-
creased. if the size of these ships, or their draught
of water, or their contemplated armament be in-
sufficient or inadvisable, I should like ltim to indi-
cate what lie considers advisable; or is not that
simply saying that he is opposed to any increase
of our naval armament at ail ? If that is the objec-
tion, 1 can understand it.
Now, sir, I presume the Senate will not object
to an increase of the naval establishment of the
country when they consider the wants of our
commerce and the present condition of the Navy
V
