1=858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
required, to the number of two hundred and fifty-
head; but if they are not required, they will not
be delivered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not; but I have
not read with entire particularity.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is it; two hundred
and fifty at a time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As they may be required?
Mr. BENJAMIN. As required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so. Still, how-
ever, we are not, in my judgment, to be embar-
rassed or to be precluded from acting on the sub-
ject, by reason of tnis consideration. The difficulty
is, that the War Department proper has not pre-
sented the matter to us at all. Here is an estimate
that comes from the quartermaster's department,
as I understand, to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means of the House. We have
no recommendation from the War Department
proper, and we have no recommendation from
the President. They do not seem to be desirous
of taking the responsibility of these recommenda-
tions one way or the other; but they have gone
forward and made these arrangements, and made
these estimates, thus, in fact, throwing, or trying
to throw, the whole responsibility of originating
the matter upon Congress; while,at the same time,
they make these statements and place us in the
attitude of accepting or rejecting the appropria-
tions, being responsible for the amount we grant.
I am disposed, at present, as we have only a
few weeks later to remain here during which we
can act on the whole matter, to make now the
appropriations necessary for this year, and make
the others in the general bill. It is very strange
that at this particular season of the year we should
be pushed so hard on the ground of economy!
Why has it not been done long before? Why
was it kept back ?
Mr. HUNTER. These estimates have been
some months before us. Congress would not act
upon them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why has not the Admin-
istration majority of the House of Representatives
seen the necessity of acting and voting these sup-
plies? They have kept them off for a long time.
Mr. IVERSON. It has not got a majority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an admission that
I hardly expected from the majority here.
Mr. IVERSON. The reason is, that there are
so many deserters from its ranks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee of Ways
anil Means certainly had the power to make the
report at an early day, because they made it with-
out dissent at last. Why should they have kept
that report off until so late a period of time, and
when it comes into this House we should be urged
to act immediately, because contracts have been
made, and the movement must be made at once?
I see no reason for it.
Mr. HALE. This amendment of the Senator
from Maine consists of three distinct propositions,
and if he will not consider it an interference with
him, I should like to have a division of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HALE. Then if the Chair thinks the
amendmentcan be divided under the rules, I should
like to have it divided. It contains, first, a propo-
sition that the appropriations shall be devoted to
the service of the specific year for which they are
voted. Its second proposition is, that no contracts
shall hereafter be made without advertisement.
That is the law now, but it is disregarded; so that
I suppose it is necessary to reenact it. The third
proposition is, that no contracts shall he made,
under the authority given in the exception con-
tained in the sixth section of the act of May I,
1820, while Congress is actually in session. The
amendment which I offered, and which was voted
down yesterday, was, that it should not be done
at all; but this amendment of the Senator from
Maine restricts and limits the Department so that
it cannot bo done while Congress is actually in
session. As these three propositions are ail in
one section, it strikes me that it may be divided.
The sense of each of them is different. One man
may be for one and not for another; and I wish to
have them divided. The Senator from Georgia
says they have had a good many deserters from
the Administration ranks. I see that there is an
appropriation in this bill to pay fur catching de-
serters. I want to know if it is going to be ap-
propriated for any of them. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.) I
The Chair considers that the proposition is sus-
ceptible of division.
Mr. HALE. Then I desire a distinct vote to
be taken on each of the three propositions con-
tained in the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Virginia what amount was ap-
propriated last year in the general appropriation
bill for transportation and supplies for the Army ? ;
I mean for the year 1857-58—I call it the present <
year. |
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell without refer- j
ring to the document. I think the amount was 1
about two million dollars for transportation. j
Mr. SIMMONS. Supplies and transportation !
are both included in this deficiency bill. I ask
for this information because I think it has been !
usual, heretofore, when a proposition of this sort ■
was made, to present some basis, some reason !
for it. !
Mr. HUNTER. 1 cannot lay my hand on the I
document just now. As soon as 1 find it I will i
inform the Senator. |
Mr. SIMMONS. I will wait till the Senator ;
finds it.
Mr. STUART. I think, sir, that there is a por-
tion of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine which may be adopted with propriety, and
the adoption of which will secure great economy.
I believe it is conceded, generally, that the ex-
penditures in the quartermaster's bureau are, in
amount, very great; and I think the belief js gen-
eral that the economy of that department might
be very much improved. This amendment cer-
tainly will have some effect in that direction. I
have listened with very great attention to the re- S
marks of the chairman of the Finance Commit-'
tee to see if there were any valid or substantial
objections to it, and I confess I have not been con-
vinced of any. I sec no reason why appropria-
tions for a deficiency for the service of a partic-
ular year may not he, with propriety, confined to
paying for the service of that year. It does not
follow, as was suggested by the chairman of the
committee at the outset of this discussion, that the
payment must be made within the year; it may
be made at any time withm the two years, the
general limitation of the appropriation before it
goes to the surplus fund.
The proposition of this amendment is to confine
it to paying for the service of the year; it is sim-
ply to prevent paying lor the service of 1858 by
appropriations made to pay for that of 1857. It
must, I think, be conceded that there is very great
difficulty in limiting the action of the War Depart-
ment to an extent that may be general with other
Departments of this Government. Emergencies
do arise, they arise constantly in the sei vice of the
| country; and neither Congress, nor the Pieaident, ;
I nor the Secretary of War, can tell when one is ■
I about to atise, or when it will arise. My belief,
( therefore, is, that that species of legislation which
i makes the most constant, direct, and specific ac- ■
! conntabihty to Congress and to the country, is the
i legislation which will secure the greatest economy;
1 and I think this part of the amendment of the Sen- 1
! ator from Maine docs, in a measure, secure that \
| result. By it, Congress says to the Department, 1
, " you report a deficiency lor 1858; we will give ;
! you the money for what you report, but we will
^ not allow you to use any surplus you may have J
j for that year for a deficiency in the service of 1857,
j or 1859, or any other year." ,
! I conceive, sir, that there is in the authority >
which has been exercised to use appropriations 1
made for one purpose to the payment of expend-
itures for other purposes, a very dangerous lati- ;
tude of discretion. I can conceive very readily that |
any executive officer of this Government would ;
say, when there was a proposition made to him to j
expend for a particular purpose, for which pur- j
pose he had no money, " I decline to do it; there j
is not a pressing necessity; I can avoid it, and ]
therefore I will avoid it; "and I can also conceive j
that, if he had the power to transfer funds from j
another appropriation to meet that necessity or J
that emergency, he would do it, and would do it I
when it might be avoided. ^ j
Now, sir, it is impossible for any individual to
point out the instances in which this would be !
done; but it lies in the nature of the service and
in the naluio of man. In the one instance, he is
to report to Congress that he has done a specific
act, and requires the money to pay for it, and then
he is held to a direct accountability, because the
attention of Congress is directed to the very act,-
and Congress will pass judgment whether it was
justifiable or unjustifiable. But if you allow hipa,
as I said,to do this act, and transfer from another;
appropriation the money with which to pay for
it, he will exercise less caution, less prudence,
and less economy; therefore,as to that branch of
the amendment, I must eay that I am clecicledly
for it.
As to the other branch of the amendment, while
I am up, I will call the attention of the honorable
Senator from Maine to it; for I think it may be
improved, and improved within the necessities
'and the probableemergencies that may arise. The
grounds of it were suggested yesterday by the
honorable Senator from Maryland,[Mr. Pearce;]
and I asked him to offer,in the shape ofau amend-
ment, what lus views were. He did so; and ne-
cessarily having to be absent from the Senate, he
leftat with me; and I propose to add to the first
provision of the amendment of the Senator from
Maine the following, as meeting the views which
I have just submitted to the Senate. It is in the
shape of an additional section, but its language
can be changed if deemed necessary:
And be it further enacted, That whenever, hereafter, con-
tracts shall bo made by the Secretary of War by virtue of
the siAth section of the act of ]820, chapter 50, he shall, if
Oongiess be m session at the time, promptly report to both
Ilou.-es theieof, the leasons for makingsuch contract, siatmg
iulty all the fact* and circumstances which, in his judgment,
lendered such contract necessary. If Congress be not m
session at the time of making such contiact, ho shall, at. the
commencement of the next session, make t-uch report lo
both Uou^e"*. And no such contracts shall he made, here-
after, except in cases of pic&smij exigency.
This, as I said, meets my views as to the ex-
tent we can safely go. I concede the argument
that is submitted by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance and by other Senators, that ii a
war breaks out, if there is an insurrection, or any
other emergency that makes a prompt movement
of troops necessary, it is out of the question to
stop and give notice to make the contract; and
thealternative submitted by the honorable Senator
from Maine, I will say to him, seems to me.to be
worse than to leave it as it is; that is to say, to
admit here that in such a contingency the Secre-
tary may set the law at defiance, and Congress
will justify him. Sir, I dislike that; 1 conccde
that there might be great emergencies in the ser-
vice of the country when a public officer might
feel the necessity of doing that, and when Con-
gress would justify him in doing it, and when the
country too would justify him; but we ought not
by legislation to create inducements for such a
necessity.
It seems to me, therefore, (and with this repe-
tition, for which I hope the Senate will pardon
mc, I shall have submitted all that I desire to say
on this subject,) that when we provide for a
prompt and immediate report to Congress of the
act done, the necessity and the reasons for doing
it, and the amount of money required to pay for
it, we shall have secured all that can be safely se-
cured, agreeably to the nature of the business of
the War Department. In the other Departments
of the Government time is not so essential. They
have time to give their notices and to have all
their contracts made according to them, without
any great difficulty in the service of the country;
but necessarily, in the movement of troops and
the making of contracts for their support and fur-
nishing them with supplies by the War Depart-
ment, it seems to me that it is impossible to do
that.
Now, sir, with the exceptions to which I have
referred in one of the Senator's amendments, I
say to him that I am decidedly in favor of every
other suggestion he has made; and I must say to
my honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, that I do not see the necessity
of appropriating in this deficiency bill for the ser-
vice of 1859 or 1860. I understand from the hon-
orable Senator from Maine that there are appro-
priations asked for here for expenses in both 1859
and 1860. 1 think the Senate may well pause and
say, in regard to these items, that we will w.ait
until the general Army appropriation bill comes
up. We shall lose nothing by a delay for that
time. If it be ten days, or fifteen, or thirty days,
whatever the time is, there may be such develop-
ments in the history of the Utah insurrection, and
in the affairs of the country generally, as to satisfy
