1858.
T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*Ms§
of malice or of ignorance—a*id I would rather be
accused of the latter than the former. I beg him
and the Senate to understand that I believe I Know
enough to express clearly the sentiments I do en-
tertain, and to uphold my right to express them.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise principally
for the purpose of saying that I do not know
whence springs this habit of talking about intim-
idation. Iam not the first person towards whom
a reply has been made that we are not to carry
our ends by intimidation. I try to intimidate no-
body; I threaten nobody; and I do not believe—
let tnc say it once for all—that anybody is afraid
of me, and I do not want anybody to be afraid of
me
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry to hear it, and if the
Senator is really so, I shall never speak to him
in decided terms again.
Mr. FESSENDEJN. I speak of it only in an
intellectual point of view. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Then, sir, the Senator was in a
Pickwickian sense when he began; there were no
threats, no intimidations, and he is just where he
would have been if he had said nothing. [Laugh-
ter.] He closes with a point which is to show
how aggressive the South is; and how does lie
prove it? He says that we are unwilling to be
taxed for the benefit of the cod-fisheries; that we
are unwilling to be taxed to keep up manufac-
tures; that, in a word, we wish to keep our own
money in our own pockets, and leave them to get
the fruits of their labor to the extent they can ex-
tract it from the commerce of the world. That is
no aggression. We say " manufacture if you
please; fish if you please; navigate if you please;
make all you can; but you have no right to tax
us for the purpose." We do not ask them to pay
anything in the form of taxation to support our
labor, and we only ask comity, good-fellowship,
the protection which the Government is bound
to afford, and beyond that, that we shall be let
alone.
Mr. CLAY. I feel it due to say a word in re-
spect to one subject suggested by the Senator from
Maine. I am sorry that he has anticipated me in
the discussion of the cod-fisheries. I hope, at a
future day, to cook up a kettle of fish which will
not be offensive even to his nostrils; and I wish
to say now that I shall then endeavor to define the
difference between rights and interests; and I will
show him that the interest is on his side and the
right on ours; and that we are bowing like Issa-
char under burdens which have been imposed
upon us at his hands.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to express the hope
that the course indicated by the Senator fi om Vir-
ginia will prevail, and that we shall now take a
vote oil this question, rof^r the message to the
committee, and let the debate be suspended until
we get the report. [" Agreed."] As I am anx-
ious to terminate the debate on the part of others,
I shall not trespass on the Senate by making a
speech, for fear somebody might be prompted to
reply to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to add to the motion the
following instructions:
And that the committee be instructed to ascertain the
numbei of votes given at eaclici)urit> m the Tetnfory upon
the question of calling a convention to fonn a constitution ;
to inquire into the appointment of delegates to the conven-
tion?and the census and regulation under which the same
was made, and whether the samp wa> in compliance wirh
law ; the number of votes caytfor each candidate for dele-
gate to the convention, and the places where east, and
whether said conj-tituuon received the votes of a majority
of the delegates to said convention; the number of votes
cast in >aid Teiutory on the 21st ol December last, lor and
against said constitution, and for and agam:-tany parts there-
of, and the numbet ^oca-t at each place of voting; the num-
ber of votes east on the 4th day of Januaiy last, for and
against said constitution, and tiie numhei so east at each
J lace of voting ; the mi ruber of votes ea-!t on the 4th day of
anuary last for any Suto and legi lauve officers thereof,
and the number .so ca-t for each candidate for such offices,
and the placc* where can; and that paid committee also
ascertain, a^ nearly po—-ible, \v hat portion, if any, of the
votes so cast at any of the times and places afoiesaid weie
fraudulent oriiieg.i!; and that said committee have power
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise for the purpose of
making a suggestion to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. We are all anxious to have this sub-
ject referred to the committee, and I propose that
we refer the message without any instructions,
for the substance of this amendment comes up in
the resolutions of the Senator from Illinois, upon
which we shall pass next in succession.
Mr. COLLAMER.. The resolutions of the
Senator from Illinois are merely an inquiry of
the President. This proposition is to obtain the
truth through the investigation of our own com-
mittee.
Mr. MASON. I think time will bo saved if
my colleague will allow the vote to be taken.
Mr. WILSON. I wish merely to say that this
amendment proposes a full investigation into the
question. The resolutions of the Senator from
Illinois simply call on the President for such in-
formation as he has in his possession. I think
the distinction is a very broad one; and after
having read the reports of the investigations that
are now going on in the Territory of Kansas,
reports that have come to us since the adjourn-
ment of the Senate the other day, 1 hope we shall
adopt this amendment. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Dtirkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Halo, Hamlin, Harlan, Kmg, Seward, Simmons,
Stuait, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bigg*, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Cmtenden, Davis, Evan <,"Filch, Fitzpatrick,
(rieon, Owin, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, John-
>on of Tennessee;, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Sebas-
tian, Shdell, Toombs, Wiight, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment was rejected; and the ques-
tion recurring on the motion to refer the message
to the Committee on Territories, it was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now ask the Senate to take
up the resolutions which I offered, calling on the
President for information on this subject, accord-
ing to the suggestion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, so that we may have the information at the
earliest day.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope not until we act on
the resolutions.
Mr. MASON. I make the motion; it is not
debatable.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FOOT, when his name was called, an-
nounced that he had paired off with Mr. Toombs.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler. Bright,
Brown, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Fitch,Fitzpaluck,
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Hnutci, fverson, Jbhn-
<•011 of Tenne«-ee, Kenned*, Malloiy, Mason, Polk, Sebas-
tian, Shd<'|J, VYiight, and Yulee—07
N \YS—.Me-^is. Bell, Biodeiiek, Cameron, Chandler,
Collamei, Divon, Doohttle, Douglas, Duikec, Fe^endcn,
Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Sewaid, Simmons,
Stuart, Sumner, Tiumbuli, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 8, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Ilev. George W. Samson.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
Friday last, but was interrupted by
Mr. GREENWOOD, who moved that the
further readingof the Journal be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion could
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
The Clerk then resumed and completed the
reading of the Journal; when the same was ap-
proved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled:
An act (H. R. No. 3) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 31st of
June,1859; and
An act (H. R. No. 22) to alter the time of hold-
ing the courts of the United States for the State
of South Carolina; when the Speaker signed the
same.
PRESIDENT'S KANSAS MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in or-
der was the question on seconding the demand.for ;
the previous question on the motion to refer the i
President's message'in relation to the'Lecbmptcn
constitution; upon which tellers' had 'been de-
manded.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eoffinton,
and Crajge of North Carolina, were appointed,.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 110, noes 105.
So the previous question was seconded.
Whilst the House was dividing, and before'the
tellers had announced the result,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said':! move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is'a dilatory motion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is that the way you carry
out the contract you made?
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will come to order.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrnin, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Birigham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton,"Bur-
lingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Cluik B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Col-
fax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Damrrell, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Towa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durffee, Eclie,
English, Farnsworth,'Fei ton,'Foley,,Foster, Gfddfags, GH-
man, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. jtlams,
Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Ilorton, Howard, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Kimfip, John C. Kunk'el, Loach,
Inciter, Lovejoy, McKibbm, Humphrey Marshall, Sarttuel
S. Marshall, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrtil, Edward Joy
Morns, Tsaac N. Morns, Freeman H Morse, Oliver A.
Mor&e, Mott, Mmray, Nichols, Olm, Calmer, Parker, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, Ptke, Pottei, Pottle, Purvtance, Ritchie, Rob-
bms, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, WiHiam
Stewart, Tappati, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbndge, \Vaid ion, Walton. Carlwalader <J. Washbutn,
ElhhuB. Washburne, Israel Washbui n, Wilson, and Wood
—J 13
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Bryan, Bur-
nett, Ca^kie, Horace F. Claik, John H. Clark, Clay, Cling-
man, Cobb, John Cocluane, Corning, James Craig. Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi,
Dimmick, Dowdoll, Edmund^on, Elliott, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Garnctt, Gartrell, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Green-
wood, Gregg, Hatch. Hawkins, Ilill, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, fluyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewetl, Geoige W,
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob jvf. KunkeL La-
mar, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Maynard, Mites,
Miller, Mdlson, Moore, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Rieaud, Rum ft, Russell,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, 'Seward, ffenry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smlfh,
i William Smith. Stallvvorth, Stephens, Steverihon, 'Jkines
A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, CTrtdfr-
wood, Waid. Warion, VVatkins, White, Wiiiteley, Wins-
low, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, John "V.
Wright, and ZolhcoiTer—107.
So the main question was ordered.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MILES stated that his colleague, Mr,
Bonham, was still detained at home by severe
illness.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Speaker, on Friday last,
I was appealed £6 by the gentleman from the P>el-
mont district of Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] as a mat-
ter of personal favor to himself, to pair off with
him on all questions affecting the proposition of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] until
he should have gone to the town of Ha^erstown,
in Maryland, and returned—he having been calied
there by the death of a relative. 1 understand
that the gentleman was in Baltimore this morning,
and I further understand that he came herein the
eleven o'clock train of cars to-day. Under these
circumstances, I consider myself absolved from
the obligation which I incurred to the gentleman,
and vote " no."
Mr. LEIDY stated that he should have voted
'8 no" on this question but for the fact that he had
paired off" with his colleague, Mr. Reillt.
Mr. OWEN JONES stated that his colleague,
Mr. Reilly, had been called home by sudden sick-
ncss m his family.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to state that I
came into the House—having been unavoidably
absent—just as the call of the roll was completed.
X came as soon as I possibly could after the arri-
val of the cars. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to vote.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is this the gen-
tleman with whom Mr Clemens paired oil?
Mr. CLEMENS. Yes.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. X hope, then, he
will be allowed to vote.
