%!%%
tfHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
with reference to our merchant tonnage, and with
reference, too, to the condition of our foreign rela-
tions. For this purpose, to satisfy my own mind
of the inadequacy of our naval defenses, I have
looked abroad, as we must all look when we build
ships, at the condition of other navies. If other
countries had none, we should, perhaps, require
none. England and France have a built navy;
we have a navy to build. They are restricted in
the qualities of their ships by the want of that
enlarged timber which we have; and in construct-
ing our navy, we must unavoidably build our
ships in reference to those navies with which we
come in contact. If we find Great Britain's frig-
ates of a certain size, we should make ours no
smaller, because all the glory we acquired in the
last war was in combats of ship to ship; there
; was no fleet fighting. It was a brilliant succes-
' sion of single combats on the sea, in which frigate
was matched against frigate, sloop against sloop,
brig against brig. We had nothing to deplore
for the reason that we inculcated the philosophy
which I hope to see carried out now. Great Brit-
ain had a built navy, and we had one to build;
and when "we laid down the keel of a frigate, we
laid it and armed it so as to render all the advant-
ages on our side in single combat of frigate to
frigate. Great Britain has recently launched one
hundred and eighty-four gun-boats. She has di-
vided them into four classes. Each class is pre-
cisely alike, not only in tonnage, and in armament
and draught of water, but in the engines, so that
if you take an engine out of one boat and put it
into another, it fits precisely as does every part
of it.
Here I may say, in pas-sing, as a monument to
the remarkable constructive power of Great Brit-1
ain, that she built these one hundred and eighty- '
four gun-boats within the period of four months;
and one single manufacturing house,Penn & Co.,
of Manchester, took the contract to buHd eighty
steam-engines for the fourth-class boats, of sixty
horse power, in four months, and they were built, I
and absolutely put on board the vessels, within |
the contemplated time. 1 mention this to show ;
the constructive power of Great Britain to launch \
a steam navy at any moment. These boats were j
built for a specific put pose, and when they were
guns. Recollect that these twenty-nine vessels,
with their six hundred and twenty-eight guns, are
in commission scattered over the face of the hab-
itable globe. How do we compare with Great
Britain, which has thirty-four vessels and seven
hundred and ninety-four guns on our own coasts?
We have, in ordinary, twenty-eight vessels with
eight hundred and twenty-two guns, and when
you have said that, you have named all of our
Navy, except the five sloops that are building. I
say this to contrast the Navy we have at our con-
trol now, with that which Great Britain has placed
immediately on our own coasts; but last year she
had nearly one hundred more guns on our coast
than she has this year. The Senator from Vir-
ginia remarks that he does not see the utility of
increasing the Navy in this manner. Does he
refer to the class of vessels ? The Secretary of the
Navy, to whom we have delegated power on this
subject, tells us, in his last report:
" The act authorizing the five sloops-of-war having speci-
fied the class of vessels to be built, did not admit of the con-
struction of small steameis of light draught, which are veiy
much wanted in the public seiviee. For some years past
the Government has had no means of supplying its indis-
pensable wants, except by hiring small steauieis as occa-
sion might require. At this moment, when much needed,
we have no vessels which can penetrate the iiveis of China.
We have few that can enter most of the harbors south of
Noifolk. Ilarbors which are the recipients of hundreds of
million* of our comnieice are not accessible to most of our
public ship'. This state of destitution is soremaikable that
it should attract particular attention, especially as some of
out gieatest interests and most vulneiable points are thus
left exposed. Besides, this class of steamers, of light draught,
pieat speed, and heavy guns, would be (oiimdable m coast
defense. They cost but little in construction, and require
but little to keep them in commission ; and, foi most prac-
tical put poses in tune of peace, are as effective as larger
vessels, and often more so. One or more of them should
be at every point where we maintain a squadron. Thiee
or tour should be constantly employed on the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts. Economy, efficiency, and utility, combine
to iccomniend them as almost indispensable. Ten of them
would be of incalculable advantage to the naval service,
and would cost $23;i(j0,000."
That is the estimate of the Navy Department, i
The Secretary says truly that we have scarcely
a vessel which can enter any of our southern
ports; and from the abstract of the coast survey
report, I have marked such ports as we have that
no man-of-war except the smallest steamer can
enter, which our sloops-of-war could not enter;
launched Senators will remember, perhaps, the l for instance, Ilutteras inlet, Ocracoke inlet, Cape
magnificent display of naval power on the waters j'  Fear, Georgetown, South Carolina, Charleston,
of the Solent. It was the ileet launched to con- jjSt. John's river, Florida, the Cedar Keys, St.
tend against Cronstadt. Great Britain's fleet, at
that time, extended in two lines twelve miles m
length, ami between the two lines the sovereign
of Bnrain advanced with her Court, and received
the cheers of forty thousand seamen. It is with
reference to such a navjl Power as tins that we
keep up a naval foicc at all; and shall we not in-
crease our defenses, when this is the condition
of Great Britain 3
We have extensive sea-coasts, and a vast com-
mercial marine, larger than any other on the face
of the globe. What ships do our peers keep upon
our coast? I find, from the latest official intelli-
gence, coming down to the 1st of April last, two
months ago, that Great Britain had thirty-four
vessels upon our coast altogether. That is, she
had ten in the Pacific, mounting two hundred and
riinety-thiec suns; sixteen in North America and
the West Indies, which arc now all on the coast
of Cuba, mounting the three hundred and sixty-
nine guns, and she had on the coast of South
America eight vessels, mounting one hundred and
thirty-two guns; or, in other words, she had
thirty*♦our vessels on our coast, mounting seven
hundred and ninety-four guns. She had in com-
mission at that tune, the 1st of April, five hundred
and sixty-six vessels, mounting sixteen thousand
and thirteen guns, propelled by eighty-eight thou-
sand three hundred and sixty-two horse power.
She had, in addition to that, one hundred and
eighty-live steam gun-boats, and she had one hun-
dred and thirteen ships for port service. She had
sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty-three
guns—nearly twelve guns to one of the United
States. 'j
Now, it may be very well to look at our own ,j
Navy. This is the condition of Great Britain on ;i
our own shores, in the Pacific, and in the West |
Indies. We find, from the returns of the Secre- ;|
tary ©f the Navy, that we have afloat twenty-nine [
vessels all over the world, Great Britain having ,
thirty-four on our own coast, and those twenty- i'
Mark's, Cat Island harbor, Galveston bay, and
a great many other points which would afford
admirable harbors for our naval vessels, and to
which they would naturally he driven if chased
by an enemy m the Gulf of Mexico. The max-
imum is fixed in this amendment; the draught of
water is not to cxceed fourteen feet for one class,
and not to exceed twelve for another. The naval
constructor and the Secretary, whose responsi-
bility is here invoked, will construct them ac-
cording to the best plans. We leave that to them.
With fourteen feet of water they may enter all
the ports I have mentioned south of "Virginia;
with twelve feet of water they may enter a great
many of the inlets which are mere roadsteads and
harbors, but which aie useful for national defense.
The British gun-boats, which have been commit-
ting the outrages upon our commerce, are gun-
boats of the fourth class. They draw six and
a half feet of water, and they have sixty horse
power engines. They have coal for about five
or six days; they are right in the vicinity of Ja-
maica, their own island and coal depot; and in
any maritime war with Great Britain, these gun-
boats would never be twenty-four hours out from
a coal depot anywhere. These small vessels of
ours are principally designed for home defense;
they would take the place of the home squadron,
because, carrying a small quantity of coal, they
would not be sent upon long voyages.
I know, if it be proper to say it here, that the
House Naval Committee are anxious to pass a
bill for twenty vessels. I think the present con- ,
dition of the country eminently demands such a
measure. Here, when circumstances have arisen
which have lendcred it necessary to send vessels
to the Gulf of Mexico, what have we done ? One
commissioned vessel that we have sent is a water
tank, built in the Potomac river for the supply of
a squadron. She has been put into the shape of
a steamer, with four or five small guns. Then
there is the Arctic, a slow vessel, with perhaps
nine vessels have six hundred and twenty-eight !i two guns; the Fulton, a small vessel, perfectly
useless as a war steamer—a side-wheel steamer,
though, as a dispatch boat, very useful, with per-
haps six large guns, perfectly inefficient before a
single one of the British gun-boats. The whole
combined would not be considered a fair match for
one of these gun-boats. W e have not placed it in the
Secretary's power to meet this contingency; we
have not the power now; and when, after all the
speeches made here a few days ago, and the unan-
imous opinion expressed with relation to the out-
rages on our commerce, this proposition is made,
are we to be told that these vessels are not essen-
tial? The gun-boats which are now contending
against our commerce draw but six and a half
feet of water. They can enter the very smallest
harbors in our country. Are we not to build ves-
sels to follow them? I do not think there has
been a man-of-war in the port of Charleston since
1832; and I do not know that in any harbors of
the South have v/e had a single ship, certainly
not a sloop. 1 know not a frigate of ours that
could get into them.
Mr. CLINGMAN._ I should like to ask the
gentleman—he speaks of many of the Biitish ves-
sels drawing six and a half feet water—whether
there is any proposition for vessels of light draught
—say eight or ten feet draught? If not, I hope he
will move an amendment, or I will move it. I
desire to have some vessels of the kind he refers
to, from six to ten feet draught.
Mr. MALLORY. I have, of course, paid some
attention to the subject, and I consider the respons-
ibility of recommending the building of a six-foot
vessel as very great. If the Senator will look at
the harbors on our coast, he will find that, where
a vessel of six feet can enter, a larger vessel can "
enter; and the amendment does not restricfethe
Navy Department to any draught as the mini-
muni; it restricts them to the maximum. They
cannot go over twelve or fourteen feet; but they
may build them as small as they please. I should
think it very unwise to say to the Navy Depart-
ment, you shall build a vessel drawing precisely
so much water. I think we had better fix the
maximum, and leave the responsibility where it
ought to be.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I fully agree with the Sen-
ator from Florida that it would not be wise to say
Six or seven feet. I made the remark because of
what he previously said; but, on the other hand,
this difficulty presents itself to my mind: if you
propose that the limit shall be twelve feet, I do
not believe the Department, judging from their
course formerly, will make a single ship that will
not be of that draught. In fact, whenever we or-
der any vessel to be built, they seem to select the
largest possible class that will answer the descrip-
tion. 1 am reminded of an anecdote of some per-
son who had a disposition to magnify all that he
had himself. ''Well,5'said one of his friends, " I
have got one thing that you never can have, and
that is a fine flock of geese." " Why," said he,
c< when 1 have geese, all your geese will be swal-
; lows." [Laughter.] The disposition of the Navy
I Department always has been to make the largest
| class of ships; and the consequence is, that out in
I the China seas, where they are very much wanted,
, none of our ships can get in. I remember Mr.
| Humphrey Marshall told me our alfatrs would
! have been in better condition if we had vessels to
go into the Chinese rivers. Our commerce and
peopleare protected in those waters, and in South
America and other countries, where they get any
protection, by British ships of light draught that
can go in.
We want two things: We want vessels that
can go into shallow seas,and we want enough of
them to be stationed wherever our commerce is
to be protected. Senators are well aware that our
Navy is not more efficient now than it was about
forty years ago. In 181G, I believe, it was about
as efficient as it is now, and we have four times
the shipping interests now to protect that we had
then. What I desire, is toget a-liberal increase
of small vessels. I would not select.six or seven
feet; I should like them to have about ten feet
draught. You may call them gun-boats or what
you please; but I would not allow the Department
to exceed ten feet. If such an amendment be in
order, I will move a proposition of that kind. In
time of peace such vessels are exactly what we
want. All the difficulties that the President's
message complains of, and our Committee on For-
eign Affairs make a fuss about, generally origin-
