622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. We have
never allowed gentlemen to vote who were not
within the bar when their names were called.
Mr. CLE Vi ENS. Would it be competent for
me to withdraw my vote,under thecircumstances?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw his vote by unanimous consent.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I understood that I had
paired off with my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Clemens] upon this question until I had returned.
\ arrived in the city to-day; and, after accompa-
nying from the cars the lady under my charge,
who had been attending the last funeral rites of a
deceased husband, J came here just as sopn as I
could, and am now all in a perspiration from my
hurry to be here at this vote.
Several Voices. Let him vote.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not withdraw
my objection.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to withdraw my vote.
No objection being made, Mr. Clemkns's vote
was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, that the President's Kan-
sas message be referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 113, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahi, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie. Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Horaee F. Clark, John B.Clark,
Clay, Clemens, Clinginan, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coming,
James Craig, Burton Oraige,Crawford,Curry, Davidson, Da-
vis of Mississippi, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmund-on, Elliott,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Gamett, Gartreil, Gillis,Gilmer,
Goorte, Greenwood, Gregg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Huylei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jt-wett,
George W.Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M.
ICunkel, Lamar, Landy, Letcher, Mac-lay, McQueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Moore, Niblack, Peyton,Phelps,Phillips, Powell, (imtman,
lieady, Reagan, Ricaud, Rulfin, Russell, Samhdge, Savage,
Scales, Seott, Searing, Seward, Henrv M Shaw, Shottei,
Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. tfmith, William Smith, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Waid,
Warren, Watkms, White, Whiteley, Win-low, Woodson,
Wortendyke, Augustus It. Wiight, John V. Wright, and
Zoilieoffer—113.
NA YS—Messrs Abbott, Adrain. Andrews, Bennett. Bil-
Iinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinfon, Bur-
lingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Ciark, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Col-
fax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragtn, Curus, Damrell, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd. Dur-
tec, Edie, English, Farnsworth,Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gid-
dings, Oilman, Goocli, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck,
Grow, Lawrence W Hall, Robert B. Hall. Harlan, Thomas
h. Ilairis, llaskin, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, KeUey, Kilgore, Knapp. John C.
Kunkel, Lawrence, Loach, Leiter, Lovejov, McKibbm,
Samuel S. Marshall, Montgomery, Morgan. Motiill, Ed
waid Joy Morris. Isaac N. Morns, Fre<man II Mor*e, (Hi
ver A. Mor e, Mott.Mui ray, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Paiker,
Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviaiiee, Ritchie,
Robbins.Roberts,Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman. Jud-
son W. Shei man, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart. Tappan, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbndge, Walrlron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elhhu B. Wa&hbume, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
Wood—Ill.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Harris, of Illinois, which was read, as
follows:
Resolved, That the message of the President concerning
the constitution named at Lecompton, in the Territory of
Kan-a*. by a convention of delegate*- thereof, and the papers
accompatmng the same, be referred to a select committee
of fifteen, to be appointed by the Speaker. That Kud com
mittee be m^tiucted to inquire into all the facts connected
with the fot iiiation of said eon>titiition and the iaws under
which the same was originated, and into all ^uch facts and
proceedings as have tiau-ptred since the formation or said
cosii'tmition, having lelation to the question or piopnety of
the admission of ^aid Territory into the Union under said
con>titution, and whether the  ameis acceptable and -atn-
laetory to a majority of the legal voters of Kansas and that
said committee have power to send for persons and papeis.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. Is it in order so
call for a dis'ision of the question, so that the vote
shall be taken, first on the reference, and then on
Che instructions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, be-
-cauae the two branches of the resolution could not
stand independent offiach other. The first branch
of the resolution is complete in itself, but the lat-
ter part is not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask to be ex-
cused from voting, on the ground that to vote in
the affirmative would be inconsistent with the
votes that I have already given, and to vote in the
negative would imply an unwillingness on my
part to have an investigation made which I be-
lieve to be essential to the best interests of the
country. I therefore am not willing to vote upon
the pending question.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire if the motion
pending is not the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] to the resolution of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes?}
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. Then if the pending amend-
ment is voted down, the question will arise on the
resolution of the gentleman from Indiana, to refer
the message to a select committee without instruc-
tions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that the res-
olution of the gentleman from Indiana be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That tile message of the President be referred
to a select committee of thirteen.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from New York to move to be ex-
cused from voting?
Mr, CLARK, of New York. I do, for the
reason 1 have stated. I want an investigation
made, but I should have preferred that it should
be done by one of the regular standing commit-
tees of the House.
The motion to excuse Mr. Clark was disagreed
to; there being, on a division, ayes 89, noes 106.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is it in order to move to lay
the whole subject on the table ?
The SPEA'KER. The Chair thinks, as the
adoption of the motion would finally dispose of
the subject, it is in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. Then I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee if he proposes to keep the arrange-
ment which was made by the unanimous consent
of the House on Friday, that no dilatory motions
shall be made?
Mr. SAVAGE. Is this a violation of it?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I so understand it.
Mr. SAVAGE. I do not understand the motion
to be in violation of that arrangement. My mo-
tion, if successful, would bea final and conclusive
disposition of the subject. As there seems, how-
ever, to be some doubt about it, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. SINGLETON. I rise to have myself in-
formed in regard to the position of affairs. I desire
to know whether if the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] is rejected,
the question will not then recur on the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,]
which is to refer to a select committee without
instructions?
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain. Andrew?, Bennett, Bii-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Burioughs, Campbell, Ca^e, Chaftvc, Chapman,
Ezia Clark, Clawson, Clark B Cochrane, Cnckenll, Col-
lax. Coming Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cuitis, Damrell, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Davvcs, Dean, Dcwai t, Dick, Dodd, Durt'ee,
Edie, English, Farn>\vorth, Fcnton, Foley, Fo-icr. Gui-
ding*, (Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gro<'sb<'ck,
Giow, Lawrence YV. Hall, Robert B. Hall. Harlan. Thomas
L. IiaiiM, Ha-km, Hickman, Hoaid, Horton, Howatd,
Owen Jones, Kellogg. Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp. John C.
Kunkel, Lawrence, "Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, MeKibbin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Montgomeiy, Moigdn. Mori ill, LMwatd
Joy Morn-*, Isaac N.Moiri-, Fieeman H Sloise, Oliver A.
Morsso, Mott, Munay, Niblack, NichoJ«,Ohn, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pumance,' Ritchie, Rob-
btns, Roberts, Rovce, Aaron tehaw, John Sherman, Jndson
W. Sherman, Robeit Smith, Spinner. Stanton, William
Stewait, Tappan, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkin-*, Wade,
Walbridge, Wakhon, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elhhu B. Wa-libumc, Isiael Washburn. VTiKon, and
] Wood—114.
I NAYS—Messrs. Ahi. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
t Barksd.tle, Bishop. Borock, Bowie. Boyce, Bianch, Bryan,
! Burnett, Burns, Caskie, John 1>. Claik, Clay, Clemens,
|! Chngman, Cobb, John Oochiane, Corning, James Craig,
I; Burton Ciaige, Crawtoid. Cuiry, David-on, Davis of Mis-
sis:-ipr>i. Dimmicit, Dowd< H, Edmund--on, Eilion, Kiis.ti«,
Faulkiiei, Floienee. Cam* tt. Gartreil, Gilln, Goode, Green-
wood, Giegg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, liuyler, Jackson, Jenkins Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Giar.ey Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,
i Lamar, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Mile?, Miller, Millson, Moore,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip*, Powell, Quitman,
Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Henrv M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith. Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Taibot,
George Taylor. Mile** Taylor, Tripp--, Underwood, Ward,
Warren, Watkms, White, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson,
Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicofter—111.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, called for the
yeas and nays upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to know if the Printer of the House
is entitled to admission within the Hall?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he is as an
officer of the House.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
hnghui^t, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buflinion. Bur-
, lmgame, Burns, Burioughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chap-
j roan, E^ra Ciark, Clawson, Claik-B, Cochrane, UockeriU,
Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Damtcll,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, English, Farnsworth, Funton, Folej, Foster,
Gidding^, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger. Groe>b«ck,
Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Thomas
L. Hams, Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Mowaui.Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kekey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, Lovejov, MoKihbin, Saniuel S.
Marshall, Montgomery, Moigan, Morrill, Eduaid Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A Moise,
Mott, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Olm, Palmei, Paikor, Pet-
tit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbm=, Rob-
erts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Slier-
man, Robert Smith, Spmner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Waibridse,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eiiihu B.
Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—1U).
NAYS—Messrs. Ahi, Andeison, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdalp, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch. Bryan,
Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemen*, Chitgmau,
Cobb, John Cochrane,Corning, James Craig, Burton Craig*?,
Ciawford, Cuny, Davidson, Davi.s of Missi^s-ipp',Dimmick,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eitstis, Faulkner, Florence,
Garnett, Gartreil, Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood,Gregg.
Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughe*, Hnyler,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. .lories, J. Glancy
Jones, Keitt, Kellv, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Humphrey Maishall, Mason,
Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Ricaud, Ruffiii, Ru*sell, Sandidge, Savage, Scale*. Seott,
Sealing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Sin-
gleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallvvorth. Ste-
phens. S'evenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Ward, Warren,
Watkms, White, Whiteley, Wmslow, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, Augustus It. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zoilieof-
fer—111.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER stated that the question next
recurred upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana, as amended on motion of the gentleman
from Illinois
Mr. CLING-MANv Is there a motion pending
to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. If, then, the present ques-
tion be voted down, will it not be in order to move
a reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is not the
slightest doubt about that, if the pending question
be voted down.
The SPEAKER. If the pending proposition
be voted down, the motion indicated by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, will then be in or-
der.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the res-
olution, as amended, be read.
Mr. ENGLISH, it lias been read half a dozen
times already, and I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution has not been
read since the last vote, when it was amended; I
would therefore suggest to the Chair whether the
gentleman from New York has not a right to have
it read ?
The SPEAKER. The Speaker thinks he has.
The resolution, as amended, was read by the
Clerk.
