1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
So it was agreed to; and the question recurred
on the second branch of Mr. Fessenden's amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I move, instead of the second
branch of that amendment, what I send to the
Clerk's desk. This is drawn in the form of a
section; but the words "and be it further en-
acted, "can be omitted.
Mr. HALE. I raise a question of order. I
am not versed in the rules; but I hardly think it
is in order to amend a proposition while we are
taking a vote on it. The vote has been ordered
to be taken on this amendment, and the yeas and
nays have been called on one branch of it. I asked
for a division of the question, and the yeas and
nays have been taken upon one branch of the
amendment. The amendment was only divided;
and I ask whether an amendment can be offered
to it in this stage of the case, while we are voting
upon it?
Mr. STUART. The effect of the division is
to divide the amendment into separate proposi-
tions. This portion of it now stands as an inde-
pendent proposition, subject to be amended in any
form that it could have been if it had never been
connected with the proposition upon which we
have just voted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that an amendment to the amendment
is still in order.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This branch j
of the amendment of the Senator from Maine is |
now an independent proposition and can be amend- j
ed. The Chair was of the impression, and stated j
yesterday, that after the yeas and nays^had been j
ordered upon a proposition, it was not in order J
then to amend it, but he will not act upon that im- j
pression as the temporary occupant of the chair; 1
and unless (he question is made by some Senator
he will receive this amendment as in order.
Mr. STUART. My amendment is, as a sub-
stitute for that branch of tiie amendment of the
Senator from Maine on which we are now about
to vote, to insert:
Am! ihut whenever, hereafter, contracts =liall be made by
tin; Secretary o( War, by virtue of the sixth section ot the
act of 18:20, chapter f>-2, lie shall, if L'ongiess be in session at
f he timo,pioinpUy report to both llou-u^ thereof the reasons
for making such contract, stating lullv all the i.icwamlcn-
cumstarices winch, in In: judgment, icndered <aueli contract
necessary, ff Congress be not in session at the time of
making such contract, he shall, at the commencement of
The next bessum, m iko such lepmt to both House-*. And
no such oontiaot s.hall be made hereafter except in ease of
pressing exigency.
Mr. HALE. The amendment to the amend-
ment is not amendable; but I wish to suggest to
the Senator who moves it, that the exception in
the sixth section of the act of May 1, J820, relates
to both the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of the Navy; but Ins amendment simply applies
to the Sucietary of War. I suppose he means to
include both.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps it wonhl suit the
sense of the Senate better to withdraw my amend-
ment for the present, and let the vote be taken on
that of the Senator from Maine; and if it be voted
down, then to offer mine as an independent prop-
osition.
Mr. HALE. I think that would be better.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the second branch of the amendment of the
Senator fiom Maine, in these words:
" And no contiact for Army supplier or service of any de-
scription shall he heieafter made dining the session of Con-
gress except under a law authoi ly.mg the same, or under an
uppiopnauon adequate to iw fulfillment."
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 24; as tollows:
YKAS—Mc«sis. Brodenck, Cameron, ("handler, CJaik,
Colhuner, Dixon, Doohttlo, Durkee, l,,es>.,Gii<len, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, Hamhn, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tennes-
see, King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—22
N7AYS—Messrs. Allen. Bayavd, Benjamin, Bi<r2«, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Gwm, Hammond,
llcndeibon, lluntei, Jones, Mallory, .A] json, Sebastian, Sli-
deU. Stuart, Thompson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, <
and Yulee—2-1.
So it was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the third and last branch of the i
amendment of the Senator from Maine, in these i
words:
u Nor -shall any such contract be made hereafter, at any !
time, without pieviou* public adveitiscmeut for proposals j
respecting the saoie.JJ
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask a single question
of the chairman of the Finance Committee. Does
he not think that is the law now ?
Mr. HUNTER. There is a doubt about it. It
has been construed very differently by the De-
partments.
Mr. HALE. I knew it had been so construed;
we have no evidence of that on the table before
us; but I wanted to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee what his opinion was as to the law now.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is doubtfulwhethcr
the Same necessity which required these contracts
to be made ahead of appropriations would not
require them to be made sometimes without no-
tice. I do not see how you can distinguish be-
tween the public services which are bought in
open market, as they are called, and those ob-
tained under a contract. For instance, what is
this contractm relation to transportation from St.
Louis to Leavenworth? Is it a purchase in open
market, or was it a contract they must advertise
for? They have consideied it either to be a pur-
chase in open market, or else that this particu-
lar species of contract did not require advertise-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I made myself exceedingly unfor-
tunate m asking" the question, or else the Senator
has in answering it. That contract is one, but
there are three others—the contract for beef, for
wagons, &c.; and the question was not whether
it was expedient or proper, but whether the law
of 1809, which requires that these contracts shall
be advertised, is not now the law of the land.
Mr. HUNTER. That law is a law of the land
cxcept so far as it was modified by the law of
1820. I say there is a doubt in regard to that.
Mr. HALE. Then we had better make it cer-
tain—that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it at present stands,
with the other portion struck out, if this amend-
ment should be passed m its exact words, itwould
not read right. Of coursc it can be put into the
proper words afterward.
Mr.STUART. Juststrike out the words "nor
shall any such," and insert " Dtid no."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it will need some
modification. It can be put right after the vote
has boon takon, if adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wifl suggest, in relation
to this amendment, that there is a class of con-
tracts in regard to transportation, and m nineteen
cases out of twenty it would defeat the whole ob-
ject to require an advertisement for sixty days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision for sixty
days'nonce is not here at all. it does not say
how long notice shall be given. That is left to
the discretion of the Department.
Mr. BENJA MIN. But it requires previous ad-
vertisement. There is nobody to do the work but
the railroads. The railroads have a monopoly of
the transportation where there are railroad routes.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to amend by adding " ex-
cept for transportation."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very material
thine; of the whole matter. That costs more than
anything else.
Mr. HALE. Well, Ictus cut off something,
if we can.
Mr. CAMERON. The exception should be
limited to transportation by railroad.
Mr. HALE. My amendment is to add " ex-
cept for transportation by railroads."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the third branch
of Mr. FnssEximx's amendment as amended.
Mr. STUART. 1 suggest to the houorableSen-
ator that it would be better to put the amendment
m shape. It seems to mc that the originalamend-
ment has been divided beyond what it should
have been; but as it stands now, if adopted, it will
not make any sense at all.
Mr. HALE. We can put in the prepositions
afterwards.
Mr. STUART. But it says, " nor shall any
such contract;" and, as the section now stands,
there is no preceding language that alludes to any
contract.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is what I stated.
There must be a modification.
Mr. STUART. It should be so modified as to
apply to contracts for Army supplies or services
of any description: "Nor shall contracts for Army
supplies, or of service of any description, except
for transportation," <£rc.
Mr. FESSENDEN- Put it in this shape:
" and no contract."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment will be
harmonious by striking out the words, " nor shall
any such contract be made hereafter at anytime,"
ana inserting, "and no contract for Army sup-
plies or service ofcany description shall be made."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am endeavoring to do
so now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will then read, « that
no contract for Army supplies," &c., with the
exception which was put in on the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire. Insert the first
line and a half of the amendment which has been
voted down, and strike out the first line of the
amendment now pending, and that will make it all
harmonious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been modified by the mover, and will
be read as modified.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
And no contract for Army supplied or seiviee of any de-
scription, cxcept for transportation on railroad*;, shuH bo
made hereafter, at any time, without pievious public adver-
tisement 101 proposals respecting the same.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 2j; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brodenck, Oameion, Chan-
dler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doohule, Duikee, Pc-r-en-
den, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, .loon-
son of Tennessee, King, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
N"AYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Bright, Brown,
Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatnek, Gieen, Gwm, Hammond,
Henderson, Hunter, lverson, Jomison of Arkansas, Jones,
Mallory, Mason, Sebastian, Slide!!, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—25.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. That disposes of the whole
amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair pre-
sumes that the question recurs on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. STUART. It was simply divided, which
made it distinct propositions. One was adopted,
and the other two voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill
acquiesce in that suggestion, but he thought oth-
erwise.
Mr. STUART. I now offer the proposition
which I submitted a little while ago, and I offer
it as a distinct section. I stated that it was pre-
pared by the honorable Senator from Maryland
with agood deal of care yesterday, and I think
it is in a form that cannot, in eny event, embar-
rass the operations of the Armv, biu wni s 'cure
more prompt and acuMte accountability. U is:
Jlnt) be it far I her c.ic^r That u honever, heicafior, con-
tract's shall be hi id1 t>\ tliv." - c< letanos oi W,i' oi X'ivy,by
villus of t'<e ->i uh motion of the net of May, 1820, chapter
52, he sha't, n < !on rioss be m session at the tim", ptomptly
repoit to bom Houv- thoieoi the iea<ons ibr m.iivnjy siu n
contiact. ft a: in ' wily all the facts and eucimi'-tanee- winch,
m Ins judanu nt. lender s^ch contract nece^aiy. If Con-
gre^ he not in ic-ion at the time of makingsuch contiact,
he bail, ;!• i1 h' co i!1 ii -iK'.nnent of the next ^o^ion, nir.k^
Mien t;> ii'ifii 11 m-vs. Aiul no such contiact shall be
mail • hetcaite t except m cases of pressing exigency.
Mr. HALE. I wish to surest to the honor-
able Senator whether it would not be neoessnry
to modify the terms of that amendment a little
more. He says that no contract shall be made
by the Secretary of War or Navy; but these con-
tracts, m point of faci, are not made by those De-
partment.5!, but arc made, as for instance here, by
the Q,uai t< rmaster Gen-'ial.
Mr. STUART. The language includes that
clearly.
Mr. HALE. If it does, I am content.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another amend-
ment, that I laid on the table yesterday, which I
now offer; but I wish fir^t to modify it.
Mr. HUNTER. How much of the bill is it
proposed to strike out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is, after the word
" Army," in line thirty, to strike out all down to
line one hundred and eighteen, on the sixth page.
That is the way my amendment is piloted. I
propose to modify it by saying " down to line one
hundred and sixteen." I see that, by including;
down to line one hundred and eighteen,! should
strike out the provision for subsistence. Although
I have some propositions to make in regard to
that, I wish to make them separately. I wish to
strike out down to line one hundred and sixteen.
I also modify my amendment by increasing; the
