THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1858.
New Series....No. 40.
Mr. HAMLIN. They have not been taken up
yet.
Mr. COLLAMER. We want to know what
they are, to see whether we shall take them up.
T he Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to flirnish all
the information within his possession or control on the fol-
lowing points:
1. The returns and votes for and against a convention at
an election held in the Territory of Kansas, m October, i80g.
2. The census and registration of votes' in the Territory
of Kansas, under the provisions of the act of said Legisla-
ture, passed in Februaiy, 1857, providi'igfor the election of
delegates and assembling a convention to frame a constitu-
tion.
3. The returns of an election held in said Territory, on
the 21st of December, 18.37, under the schedule of the Le-
compton constitution, upon the question of "constitution
with slaveiy" or " constitution without slavery."
4. The returns of an election held in the Territory of
Kansas, on the 4th day of January, 1858, under tiie author-
ity of a law passed by the Legislature of said Tenitory,
submitting the constitution fanned by the Lecompton con-
vention to a vote of the people for latification or rejection.
5 The returns of the election held in said Terutoryon
the 4th day of January, 1858, under the schedule of the Le-
compton constitution, for Governor and other State officers,
and for members of the Legisiatuie, &pecjfying the names
. of each offiCertowhomaeeiufieate ofelection has been ac-
corded, and the number of votes cast and counted for each
candidate, and distinguishing between the votes returned
within the time and in the mode provided in said schedule,
and those returned subsequently and in other modes, and
stating whether at either of said elections any leturns of
votes were rejected m consequence of not having been re-
turned m time, or to the light officei, or in piopoi form, or
for any other cause, stating specifically for what cause.
6. All coirespondence between any of the Kxeeutive De-
partments and Secretary or Governor Denver relating to
Kansas affairs, and which has not been communicated to
the Senate.
Resolved, That in the event all the information desired in
the foiegoing resolution is not now in the possession of the
- President, or of any of the Executive Depaitments, he be
respectfully requested to give the proper 01 ders and take the
necessary steps to procure the same lor the use of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. GREEN. As this is a question merely pre-
liminary to the order of business, I shall not go
into what my mind had previously inclined me
to discuss. I shall defer it until I see what course
the Senate think proper to take. I want no de-
lay. I am willing to have an investigation of all
matters which it is proper should be investigated.
Mr. BELL. I should not, on a mere motion
to take up these resolutions at this time, after the
hour has arrived for the consideration of the spe-
cial order, say anything on the general subject,
if it had not been intimated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, that if these resolutions be
not taken up at present, he will, whenever they
shall be taken up, make a motion to lay them on
the table, which, of coarse, would preclude me
or any other- Senator from making any remarks.
I shall content myself with expressing the opin-
ion that the information sought for in these reso-
lutions appears to me to be of the utmost import-
ance as connected with the main proposition,
which will be shortly, I presume, before the Sen-
ate. I do not understand that the information
asked for by these resolutions, relates to any
frauds or disturbances which the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia supposes would lead to a long
and angry debate, and crimination and recrimin-
ation, if we had the information. The informa-
tion sought is principally statistical—the number
of votes given at the respective elections, which
is supposed to be material in connection with the
main subject; and then copies of all the corre-
spondence between the President or any Depart-
ment of Government, and Governors, Secretaries,
and other officials in Kansas Territory, mainly in
reference to the election on the 14th of January.
I consider the number of votes given pro and
con. upon the subject of the adoption of the Le-
compton constitution of the greatest importance
to the Senate in coming to a wise and prudent de-
termination in regard to the main question. At
all events, it would with me have great influence;
and I cannot conceive that any portion of the Sen-
ate could desire that main question to be decided
without all the information within our reach, in
regard to the true state of things in Kansas in ref-
erence to a point*to which, so far as I can infer,
on looking over the President's message, he has
40
not made the remotest allusion. I speak in refer-
ence to the estimated or alleged overwhelming
majority of the people of that Territory against
the proposition to admit Kansas into the Union
with the Lecompton constitution. I have heard
various statements on thatpoint, in the Senate and
out of it; but little in the Senate, to be sure. On
the one side, it is alleged that there was more than
ten thousand majority against the constitution
evinced in that election; on the other side, I have
heard it denied, and heard it alleged that no elec-
tion transpired on that occasion which is calcu-
lated to give the true state of the case in regard to
the views of the people of that Territory on this
subject.
Will the Senate of the United States undertake
to decide that Kansas shall be admitted with the
Lecompton constitution, withoutanv satisfactory
knowledge of the state of parties, or of the state
of sentiment in Kansas on this subject? I know
very well that some gentlemen think all these
questions ought not to be considered, and they
consider that we have no right to go outside of
the grounds of principle, fundamental principle,
as it is called, on which we are to act 011 the prop-
osition to admit Kansas with the Lecompton con-
stitution. Their idea is that there is a constitu-
tion formed in a legal manner, in a perfectly
regular manner, as stated by the President 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order, which
I very reluctantly do on this or any other occa-
sion, certainly when it stops my friend from Ten-
nessee; but I must ask the Chair whether it is m
order to go 011 with this discussion on the prop-
osition to take up the resolutions ?
Mr. BELL. I know that it is by the permis-
sion of the Senate that I speak. If the honorable
Senator from Mississippi takes exception,! think ;
the Chair will be bound to rule me out of oider.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not an objection to the Sen-
ator, he will understand; but this discussion is
postponing a bill in which lam interested, and is
equivalent to taking up the resolutions for debate.
Mr. BELL I am in favor of proceeding with
business in regular order. 1 said pretty much all
that I intended to say. j
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Pursuing the prac- !
tice of the Senate, the Chair has not feit himself ■
called upon to restrict debate; but a general debate !
on the merits of the question, on a motion of this |
sort, the Chair does not suppose to be strictly in
i order. 1
Mr. BELL. I know it is the uniform courte- ;
ous habit of the Chair, on such occasions, when j
some gentlemen have been indulged, not to inter- j
pose unless objection is raised in the Senate. I j
made, I thought, a proper explanation when 1 ;
said that I would not have spoken at all, but for '
the anticipation that when this question was j
brought forward, the Senator from Virginia (and ;
he is very prompt 111 getting the floor) might move |
to lay the resolutions on the table, and his motion |
might he carried by a majority, and preclude me I
from expressing my sentiments as to the import- ;
ance of the information sought by these resolu- j
tions. I wished to express the deep conviction '
that I cannot conceive that the Senate of the Um- j
ted States would be willing to take up and decide !
the main question without the important inform- I
ation which nidy be afforded, if there be any in !
the Departments, on the subject to which I have '
particularly alluded. I cannot conceive that they i
can lead to any investigation of the. fraud or out- '
rages,'pj*o and con., to which the honorable Sen- j
ator from Virginia has alluded. I take my seat, •
begging pardon for having added these few addi- >
tional words. i
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Senator from*;
Illinois moves to postpone present and other i
special orders, with aview to take up his resolu- '
tions of inquiry. * i
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays j
on the motion. ,
Mr. PCJGH. I ask the Senator from Virginia |
to withdraw his opposition; and if the resolutions !
are to be debated, 1 feel bound by the understand- i
ing among my political friends, not to put any !
obstacle in the way of the Army bill. Although
I desire to have the information, I cannot engage
in any new discussion until the Army bill has
been disposed of.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I have made no proposition. I
have said that whenever the resolutions come up, I
shall move to lay them on the table; and I refrained
from giving any further reason for it than an ap-
prehension of the consequence. 1 v/iH not move
to lay a subject on the table and debate it first
myself, because that motion precludes debate; but
I may be allowed to say this: that the great object
I seek to attain will be to take the sense of the
Senate on the tenor of the resolutions; that they
ask the Senate to go into inquiries which belong
either to the Territory or to the State of Kansas,
and do not belong here. All Senators who agree
with me, I presume will vote to lay them on the
table.
Mr. GWIN. I do not object particularly to the'
resolutions; but if the motion is to put aside the
Army bill in order to take them up, I shall not
vote to lay aside the Army bill, though I have no
particular objection to the passage of the resolu-
tions. When they come up, I may vote for them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Biodeiick. Cameron, Chandler,
OoJlamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, JDurkoe, Fessendcn,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlm, Italian, King, Seward, Sim-
mons Suuur, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Drown, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Fiteh, Fitzpatriclc,
Green, Gk in, Hammond. Houston, Huntei, Iverson, John-
son of Tcniu^-ec, Jones. [Conned v,?*IaUory, Mason, Pearce,
Polk, Pu« h. Sebastian, Slidoll, Toombs, and Yulee—00.
So the motion to take up the resolutions was
not agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. While these pro-
ceedings have been going on, the hour has arrived
for the consideration of an older special order,
which was assigned at an earlierperiod, and wh-ieH
is now before the Senate. It is the motion of the
Senator from Illinois to refer so much of the Pres-
ident's annual message as relates to Kansas affairs,
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DIXON. Do I understand the Chair to
say thai the special order is with regard to the ref-
erence of the President's annual message?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. Tho
Army bill was the special order for half past
twelve o'clock. Whfn the hour of one o'clock
arrived that special order falls, to give way to an-
other, which was assigned at another period, and
takes precedence according to the order of tim«
at which it was assigned, in conformity with tho
ruies and the decision of the Senate the other
day.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone that special
order and all prior orders, so that we may pro-
ceed with the consideration of the Army bill.
Mr. DIXON. I had supposed that the subject
which was thespecial order this morning was the
bill for increasing the Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state again to the Senator that the bill for the in-
crease of the Army was made the special order
for half past twelve o'clock. It came up at:that
hour. Another special order of an older date
was assigned for one o'clock, and when the hour
of one arrived it would have been the duty offche
Chair to call up the older special order assigned
for that hour, under a rule of the body which
says that when two or more subjects have been
specially assigned, they shall take precedence
according to the order of time at which they were
assigned, and according to the view expressed
by the Senate the other day when that question,
arose. Accordingly, at one o'clock the Chair calls
up an older order. Tiie Senator Aom Missis-
sippi now moves that that, and all other prior
orders, be postponed, with a view to take up the
Army bill.
Mr. DIXON". The remarks I propose to sub-
mit can, as I understand, be as well made on the
bill which the Senator from Mississippi desires
