171-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 21.
fielf, it might have remained just as well at home
until Congress met, and the subject had been sub-
.mitted to Congress; and then, if started at all, it
might have gone at the earliest period of this sea-
son, when the proper provision could have been
made for it by an appropriation of money. Yet,
sir, this Administration undertakes, in the face of
these facts, to make the emergency; to send this i
large force out in connection with its civil officers;
starting at a period of the year when it was impos-
sible for them to reach their destination, when
nothing could be done; and when, with the most
ordinary foresight in the world, anybody might
have seen that it would occasion a vastly in-
creased expenditure to no purpose whatever.
Well now, sir, that being done, what is the next
step? We are not told by the Administration that
there is any war with Utah. The President no-
tifies us of difficulties, but he advises nothing. We
all recollect the debate at the first part of this ses-
sion, when five regiments were called for to in-
crease the Army. We called in this body, over
and over again, upon the friends of any measure
for the increase of the Army, to say whether it
was on account of the Mormon difficulties, and
we did not get the answer that it was, and we have
not had it up to this day. We have had no rec-
ommendation from the President to increase the
forces on account of the difficulties in Utah. We
have had no estimates from the Department direct
with reference to the difficulties in Utah. We
have had no recommendation; we have had no
information; and,so far as I am acquainted with
the subject, I have seen nothing upon the tables
of the Senate, from any quarter whatever, to show
us that there was any occasion to dispatch a large
increased force on account of these difficulties. On
the contrary, what has been the course? Peace
commissioners have been sent out lately to see
whether they cannot negotiate on the subject.
Under these circumstances, having provided all
that is necessary to pay the deficiencies of 1857,
all that is necessary to furnish transportation and
supplies for 3858—and they may start theni as
soon as they please under the provisions which
we shall have made by this amendment—it m not
too much to say that we can wait for a few weeks,
until near the adjournment of Congress, before
we put into the hands of the Administration four
or live million dollais additional, which they may
not have occasion to use at all; and which, when
we have put it into their hands, they may use at
their own pleasuie, unless the amendment 1 pre-
viously proposed, and which has been adopted,
should eventually be made part of the bill. That,
to be sure, wouid prevent it, and that is the only
thing which would prevent it.
Now, Mr. President, one woid more, for I do
not wish to occupy the time of the Senate upon
this mutter. 1 wish, if possible, to discourage
and discountenance m every possible way that we
can do it, with any degree of safety to the inter-
ests of the country, tins habit of the Executive
of this Government faking the responsibility of
making war. I believe thehonorable Senator Ironi
Louisiana, [Mr. Sj.ideli.,] the other day, in a
speech he made here, stated that it was in the
power of the Executive to make a war with a for-
eign nation at any time, i n spite of Congress. Per-
haps it is; but if it is so, if it is in hiy power, it
is time that the Congress of the United States shall
nay that he will not be sustained in availing him-
self of power of that description by any vote of
theirs, by being supplied with the means of car-
rying on expeditions of that description, illegally
and unconstitutionally undertaken, unless when
it comes to a case of necessity, when by the un-
wise and raUi and wicked actions of the execu-
tive Government, our troops have been placed in
a position where it is necessary to take care of
thorn—our fellow-citizens m a position where they
call for our aid to extricate them from the diffi-
culties in which they are placed. Unless we come
to cases of necessity of that description let us dis-
countenance it by every possible method we can
use to accomplish that purpose.
Mr. SEIDELL. The Senator from Maine will j
pardon me. I think he has stated my proposition ,
too broadly. If 1 recollect correctly, I said that '
the President of the United States could so con- |j
duct our foreign relations as to compel us either j|
to go to war or disgrace the nation—one or the Ij
other—leaving no alternative but that. h
Mr. FESSENDEJN". I did not pretend to cite jj
the language of the Senator. I attempted to get
his idea as near as I recollected it; and I think
what he has now said amounts to about'the same
thing, if he will excuse me for saying so. It is
perhaps in the power of the Administration so to
conduct our foreign relations. We know that the
Administration may, in fact, involve the country
in actual hostilities by reason of the power it has
over the Army and Navy. If there be such a
power, I protest against its exercise, in violation
of the spirit of the Constitution; for the Constitu-
tion leaves the war-making power with Congress
alone, and appropriations for carrying on war with
Congress alone. If that power does exist in the
Administration—and I am not prepared to dispute
the fact that it may—the greater is the necessity
imposed upon us, according to my judgment, in
all such cases, to hesitate before we countenance
it, unless, as 1 stated before, where the honor of
the country and the safety of our fellow-citizens
absolutely require that we should take the matter
as it stands, and yield to the necessity which has
been imposed upon us. It is with that view that
I suggest these, ameodments, which go simply to
confine the approptiaiton-i to actual exiting defi-
ciencies, and leave the matter of the large proposed
increase to this expedition to be decided upon by
us at a future time whenever the necessity arises,
and which will be soon enough for all the purposes
required.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I have had
an addition made of the items of the Senator's
amendment, and I find that he has reduced the
estimates for deficiencies more than a milium.
The sum total of his proposition is $2,218,670.
The estimate for deficiencies was $3,718,679.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. They are not all defi-
ciencies.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maine has
undertaken to do what I think it is impossible for
him to accomplish with the information before us.
He has undertaken to discriminate between these
expenditures which are fairly to be chained to the
deficiencies which would have occurred if there
had been no Utah expedition, from thoee which
have been incurred on account of thatexpedition,
or rather from those which will be incurred here-
after, if we sanction the further movement of the
tioops.
Now, sir, if we look at the estimate of General
Jesup, we find that his estimate for the deficien-
cies for the fiscal year 1856-7, is $1,228,679 31.
We find that is the deficiency for the last fiscal
year for the Army, as it was on the 24th of De-
cember, 1857. The deficiencies for the present
year, in addition to the last year, would be in the
whole, $3,718,679 31. Of this there is an esti-
mate of $2,000,000 for transportation. The Sen-
ator from Maine says he has cut that down arbi-
trarily, on the supposition that §1,000,000 would
be sullicient for the deficiencies, if you were to
deduct that portion expended for Utah; but Gen-
eral Jesup informs us on page 4 of the document,
that out of the. $1,800,000 appropriated m lasx
year's bill for the Army, as it was without the
expedition to Utah, they have already expended
$1,708,000 for the service in Utah, thus leaving
but a few thousand dollars in this branch of the
service for the regular Army. It was estimated it
would take for the regular Army, without this ex-
pedition, $1,800,000; and most of it, all with the
exception of a few thousand dollars, has already
been expended in the Utah expedition. The Sen-
ator says that$J ,000,000 ought to beenough. He
has thus reduced the estimate of the quaitermas-
ter's departmentin regard to what will be wanted
for the transportation of the Army as it stood be-
fore this expedition, some eight hundred thou-
sand dollars. But, Mr. President, how is the gen-
tleman to discriminate 5
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
he is mistaken about that. He does not read that
rightly. Itleaves this $1,000,000 for outside sup-
plies. The Quartermaster General says:
v'The appiopriation for the present fiscal yearly §1,600,000,
of which amount $!,"< 62,486 68 is required to cover the ex-
penses already mamed in the trun^poitution of military
supplies and the baggage of the ttoop-, now in Utah Tem-
tory, and which mu-t be mcuired,5' &e.
So he calculates that $1,700,000 will cover all
that is necessary, and he only wants $1,000,000
for the rest of the Army.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us see. He says:
The appropriation for thp present fiscal ycap is £1,800,-
000; of which amount $1,768,486 68 is required to cover the
expenses already incurred m the transportation of militaiy
supplies and the baggage of the troops now in Utah Ter-
ritory, and which mu it be incurred io place them in the
condition in which thev would have been, provided no dis-
asters had befallen them, or will befall them, this winter,
including the sum of $203,842 05 which will be due the con-
tractors," &c.
That is to say, $1,768,000 out of this $1,800,-
000 is necessary for the troops which are already
posted at Fort Bridger, and on the way—a neces-
sity which must be met, an object for which they
must apply the necessary money. He says, then,
that nearly the whole of the appropriation made
for the^transportation of the regular Army is ne-
cessary for that purpose; but it appears from his
estimate of the year before, that $1,800,000 "was
necessary for the Army, without regard to the
Utah movement. The Senator has reduced that
arbitrarily, as I said before, $800,000.
But, itlr. President, it is to be remembered that
this estimate was made in January. Since that
time, as I said before, they have been moving
troops from all quarters of the Union towards this
point; they have been moving them at great ex-
pense. Debts have been incurred even in this
fiscal year to accomplish that object. What be-
comes of them? The Senator makes no provis-
ion for them. On the. contrary, he does not even
make theprovision which the Q-uartermaster Gen-
eral says would he necessary on the supposition
that there had been no movement.
Now, sir, this is the difficulty in which we are
placed: if we were to endeavor to accomplish the
object which the Senator from Maine desires, we
havp notthe means of ascertaining how much has
been expended on the Utah expedition up to this
tim*. We have a partial estimate in regard to
that up to the 14th of January, I think, the date
on which this report was sent. We have an es-
timate of what is supposed to be necessary in
order to furnish the entire movement, in order to
furnish all the troops who are ordered there with
supplies and transportation. Is the Senator pre-
pated to say that ne will not appropriate for so
much debt as has already been contracted in order
to move these troops? They were moved in pur-
suance of law. The President had the rignt to
move them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to pay all
that.
Mr. HUNTER. But the Senator has not pro-
vided for it. On the contrary, it is manifest that
his proposition, if adopted, will leave a large debt
existing on that score, because we know numer-
ous tioops have been moving at vast expense
since this estimate was made for that very pur-
pose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
if he will allow me, [Mr. Hunter. Certainly,]
that that was a calculation of mine, and I am per-
fectly willing to allow for everything that applies
properly to make good the deficiencies for the
service for this yefcr; and if it is necessary to put
in ££,000,000, put it in. I supposed it would not
be necessary. All 1 wanted to cut down was the
large additional appropriations for the succeeding
year. I am not strenuous about the additional
million for this year.
Mr. HUNTER, Is it not manifest that it will
take not only that additional million, but more,
in order to meet the expenditures that have been
incurred ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary says not.
Mr. HUNTER. Do we not know that five
thousand troops—I believe more — have been
moving? Do we not know that General Scott
thought it necessary to collcct many troops, in
the event that there might be war when the Gov-
ernor got to Utah. And is it not certain that the
expense of moving and supplying those troops i3
far beyond that estimate for deficiencies, which
the Quartermaster General has made on the sup-
position that there had been no expedition to
Utah? These are debts, and debts which must
be provided lor; and, as 1 said before, if the ob-
ject of the Senator be to confine the appropriation
to what has been already expended on that pur-
pose, and to say that no more shall be applied to
any other purpose than to support the troops in
the valley of Salt Lake, if they are there, and I
suppose they are—if he means to do that, he can
only accomplish lus object by providing by law,
in terms, that no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be expended for any other ser-
vice.
