mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7.
admiration of the world, I would say it was con-
temptible. As far as our Navy does go", it is equal
to any other navy; and I would be willing to risk
it at some odds against any other nav^; but
when we consider the proportions between our
Navy and our commerce, I repeat, it is a mere
sham. Why, sir, we have a commerce equal to
that of Great Britain; our tonnage is equal to hers.
She has a navy of twenty-two thousand guns to
protect her commerce. What have we got? We
have a Navy—counting all the ships in service*
all the ships in ordinary, and all the ships on the
stocks—of less than two thousand guns. Where
ever we meet Great Britain, even in our own seas,
she appears as ten to one; and throughout the
whole world she is nearly as fifteen to one. Great
Britain, at this moment, has more guns in the
waters of America, and a greater number of sea-
men in our own waters, than our entire active
Navy. She has seven hundred and ninety-four
guns surrounding our coast, and we have but
seven hundred and eighty-nine, all told, to meet
her.
Mr. MALLORY. Six hundred and twenty-
eight.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have seen an estimate of
seven hundred and eighty-nine, and I wish to state
it on the largest scale. Statements vary. Cer-
tainly Great Britain has a larger force in our own
waters than we can control, if every ship we have
was brought together at once. Are wc safe? I
do not wish to allude to the late outrages on our
commerce, for I do not advocate this proposition
as a war measure, but as a measure of decent re-
gard to our dignity, and to the prospects of peace.
Why, sir, when these outrages occurred, what
had we in the Gulf? Thirty-five guns, all told.
And what had Great Britain ? Three hundred and
sixty-nine, that she could concentrate at any point
of the Gulf; and wc could not, by any possibility,
within any reasonable time, send over two hun-
dred guns there. We are at the mercy of ling-
land. It is well known that England protects our
commerce in the distant seas. It is well known
that, but for the kindly and motherly protection
which Great Britain condescends to aifovd us, our
commerce would be at the mercy of the pirates of
the world in all the distant sous; and yet we set
up foragreat commercial nation; and, when Eng-
land insults us, we talk of sending down ships to
capture hers. Where would you get them from ?
The Senator from Massachusetts, the Senator
from Georgia, and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, insist that these belligerent acts of Great
Britain should be met instantly, and that force
should be sent to sink or capture her vessels.
Where is the force to come fiom ? Is there any
possibility of building a fleet as Aladdin's palace
was built, in a night? Arc you to create ships
by resolution of Congress?
As the Senator from Georgia has just said, with
all the material you have, can you get a navy on
the instant? You may readily laisean army; you
have nothing to do but to light the beacon tires
from hill top to hill top, and an army will spring
up as if by enchantment; but a navy cannot be
had at call. You cannot season wood, you can-
not put it together, you cannot obtain practical
seamen in a moment. Seamanship, unlike more I
soldiership, is a profession; and a nation which
intends to protect itself, its rights, and its com-
merce^ must be more or less prepared with a navy
at all times. The little State of Denmark, whose
commerce might be annihilated from the ocean
and it would never be missed, of whom most of us
in America never heard until the question about
the Sound dues arose, has a navy superiorto ours.
Sweden, anothersmall State, hasamivy live times
stronger than ours. Even Spain, of whom we
talk with so much contempt, every stump orator
in the country thinking it a small matter to seize
Cuba and to chastise Spain if she resists—Spain
has a navy twice as large as ours. The navy of
Russia is three-fold as large as ours; yet what did
that perform m the late Crimean war? The navy
of France is seven times as large as ours. Are
we to pretend to be a great people, to pretend to
compete with England in the only legitimate com -
petition for the mastery of the seas, in commer-
cial tonnage, yet have such a contemptible navy |
as this, so that we can be insulted anywhere and j
everywhere without any power of immediate re- j
sistance? Sir, I feel these insults 111 the West j
ladies as much as any man. I feel that we have \
been stricken in the face. I do not feel that a
mere apology without reparation will be satis-
factory. I wish we had the force, and I do hope
that fortune will so favor us that some of our ves-
sels may capture or sink one of the British vessels
with or without orders, for that is-almost neces-
sary to put us on an equality in any negotiations
that may happen.
Mr. MASON. You are fillibustering.
Mr. HAMMOND. Iam not fillibustering; I
am only lamenting that our Navy is so weak that
whatever we say here in the way of defiance will
be considered empty braggadocio. It can mean
nothing else in the presentcondition of our Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask my honorable
friend from South Carolina how many ships we
had afloat when our fathers declared war in lbl2?
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not know what num-
ber we had afloat; but when we declared war in
1812, England was engaged in a war with France.
Her ships were all well employed, She could not
afford to send a squadron to this country. We
met her single-handed at sea.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say to my honorable
friend that Fiance had not a vessel on the ocean
at that time. Tlicy had all been taken away be-
fore then.
Mr. HAMMOND. It is of no consequence
whether she had a vessel on the ocean or not;
England bad to blockade the French ports to pre-
vent the French vessels from coming out. But I
have said I do not put the necessity for these ves-
sels on the ground of war. In the Chinese seas,
which swarm with the boats of the natives, the
waters are shallow, and though we have sent ves-
sels out there, they are utterly incompetent to any
good purpose, and at this moment we are hiring
a small steamboat there at a cost of $5,000 a month
in order to effect anything whatever. In Puget
Sound the Indians come down in their large canoes,
with fifty or sixty Indians in them, and land on
the shores and commit any depredations they
please. A shallow steamboat placed there would
save us hundreds of thousands of dollars from the
Treasury every year, and save the lives and prop-
erty of the people there. What are wc to do for
all the insults that we are constantly receiving in
the shallow waters of South America > We have
no vessels to go there. Our commerce may be
interrupted anywhere by any little State, and if
war should come upon us we have scarcely one
vessel that can enter more than two or three ports
south of the Chesapeake.
It is agreed by all who are acquainted with these
matters that light steamboats, «uch as have been
desciibed by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, which can go into shallow waters, which
can escape lar^o vessels—active, spry, effective—
are indispensable to every squadron on every sta-
tion which our flag visits; and therefore I advo-
cate these ten sloops, and the twenty which the
Senator from North Carolina will propose as a
peace measure distinctly, yet, like all peace meas-
ures connected with the Navy, with a view to
war. At the t ame time, I will say, frankly, that
I do not wish the United States to become a great
naval Power. We have no desire for a Navy for
conquest; wc have no desire for a Navy to hold
the balance of power among the great navies of
the world; but, in peace and in war, we must have
a Navy large enough to at least enable us to pre-
dominate at all trmes m our own seas. Interest,
honor, safety, demand that much.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I agree, Mr. President, with
most that has been said'by my friend from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs,] and especially that we ought
to determine whatwc are to do in reference to the
outrages upon our flag in the Gulf of Mexico and
the West Indies before we decide the amount of
money we shall vote for war purposes. If we
are going to content ourselves with simple resolu-
tions that we will not submit to thai which we
have resolved for half a century should never be
repeated, I see no use in additional appropriations
for Navy or for Army; if wc are going to be con-
tented Willi loud-sounding speeches, with defiance j
to the British lion, with resolutions of the Senate j
alone, not concurred in by the other House, con- \
ferring no power on the Executive, merely cap- '
ital for the country, giving no power to the Exec- |
utive to avenge insults or prevent their repetition, i
what is the use of voting money ? I find that pa- j
triotic gentlemen are ready to talk loud, resolve ,
strong; but are they willing to appropriate the :
money, are they willing to confer on the Exec-
utive power to repel these insults* and to avenge
them whenever they may be perpetrated ? Let us
know whether we are to submit and protest, or
whether we are to authorize the President to re-
sist and to prevent the repetition of these offenses.
If Senators are prepared to vote for a law reviving
the act of 1839, putting the Army, the Navy, vol*
unteers, and money at the disposal of the Presi-
dent to prevent the repetition of these acts, and
to punish them if repeated, then I am ready to
givetheshipsand themoney; butl desire to know
whether we are to submit to these insults with a
simple protest, or whether we are to repel them.
Gentlemen ask us to vote ships and money, and
they talk to us about the necessity of a ship in
China, and about outrages in Tampico, and dis-
turbances in South America, and Indian difficul-
ties in Puget Sound. Every enemy that can be
found on the face of the earth is defied, except
the one that defies us. Bring in a proposition here
to invest the President with power to repel British
aggression on American ships, and what is the re-
sponse? High-sounding resolutions, declaring in
effect, if not in terms, that whereas Great Britain
has perpetrated outrages on our flag and our ship-
ping, which are intolerable and insufferable, and
must not be repeated; therefore, if she does so
again, we will whip Mexico, or we will pounce
down upon Nicaragua, or we will get up a fight
with Costa Rica, or we will chastise New Gran-
ada, or we will punish the Chinese, or we will
repel the Indians from Puget Sound, [laughter;]
but not a word about Great Britain! What I de-
sire to know, is whether we are to meet this issue
with Great Britain ? I am told we shall do it when
we arc prepared. Sir, when will you be prepared
to repel an insult, unless when it is given ? Eng-
land has her ships of war, of various sizes, search-
ing our vessels, firing across their bows, firing into
their rigging, subjecting them to search, not only
in the Gulf of Mexico, but in the Caribbean sea
and upon the Atlantic. It is not confined to one
captain, or one vessel, or one locality, but the
outrages are committed by various ships, by the
Styx, on the coast of Cuba; by the Forward, five
hundred miles east of there; by the Buzzard, a
thousand miles from Cuba. Every arrival at our
ports brings us information of the repetition of
these offenses, clearly demonstrating the fact that
they are not accidental. They aie not confined
to one locality. They arc not the acts of one ship
or of one officer. They are the result of orders
from Great Britain to execute this system of out-
rages on the American flag and American com-
merce. Arc we to submit to it? If so, let us not
say another word about it, pass no resolutions,
make no speeches, vote no extra appropriations
that we would not vote if these things had not
occurred. If, on the contrary, we are not going
to submit to them, wh.y not act as we did on the
northeastern boundary question in 1839 ? When
the news arrived here on the 2d of March, 1839,
that an American citizen had been taken prisoner
on the disputed boundary of Maine, showing a
disposition on the part of Great Britain to insist
on her claim to the exclusive possession of that
country, instantly the Senate, by a unanimous
vote, passed a hill authorizing the President to repel
any attempt on the part of Great Britain to en-
force that claim, and, for that purpose, putting at
his disposal the Army, the Navy, the militiavfifty
thousand volunteers, and ten millions of money,
to enable him to execute the will of the nation m
that respect.
Now, sir, why not revive that act, striking out
the disputed boundary and inserting " her claims
to the right of visitation and search," and then
every provision of that bill would be applicable
to the present case. My friend from Missouri
[Mr. Green] calls my attention to the vote of
the House of Representatives on that occasion.
It stood 197 in the affirmative, and 6 in the nega-
tive. The vote in the Senate was forty-one in the
affirmative, none in the negative. Your Clays,
your Calhouns, your Websters, the great men of
former times, were here then; men differing in
politics in times of high party strife, at a period
when Mr. Van Buren was President, and Clay,
Webster, and Calhoun led the Opposition. Still,
the moment this outrage was perpetrated by Great
Britain upon our rights, all party dissensions were
hushed; the Opposition and the Administration
stood as one man when the honor of the nation
