626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 9,
to bring to the attention of.the Senate. I am per- i
fectly willing to give way. I
Mr. BlGLER. Will the Senator from Con- j
nccticut permit the vote to be taken on the motion? !
•Mr. DIXON. I give way.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply suggest that we take !
a vote and proceed with the consideration of the
Army bill, and then the Senator has the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Mississippi to j
postpon e the special order indicated by the Chair, 1
and all other special orders before the Senate,
with a view to continue the consideration of the 1
Army bill.
The motion was agreed to.
increase of the army.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Wholo, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
increase the military establishment of the United
States, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Toombs to strike out the first section of
The bill.
Mr. DIXON. It was my desire, Mr. President,
yesterday to address the Senate on the general sub-
ject of the affairs of Kansas, then perhaps more
properly before the body than it is now; but such
was my reluctance last eveniuc, at the late hour
when I mightlmve obtained the iioor,to claim the
attention of the Senate, that I relinquished my de-
sire. I now propose to ask the indulgence of the
Senate while 1 submit some remarks, briefly as
may be, I trust, upon the question before the Sen-
ate at that time; and I think,*sir, that everything
that might have been said yesterday, or -at any
previous stage of the debate, may us well be said
on this bill as upon any other subject which has
been before us for consideration. The President
of the United States, in the message which was
yesterday referred to the Committee on Tcrrito-
i ies, informed us, among other reasons why Kan-
sas should be admitted as a State, that one, in his
opinion, was, that if we so admitted her he could
remove that portion of the Army of the United
Slates which is now in that Territory; and I take
it that wc may infer from this that one very im-
portant reason in the estimation of the Adminis-
tration forat this time increasing the Army is, that
the President thinks it his duty to keep a veiy
large portion of the troops in that Teintoi y. It
is my opinion that there is no occasion at this time
for retaining any portion of the Army of the Uni-
ted States in the Territory of Kansas for any pur-
pose whatever; at any rate for any such purpose
as that for which it is now retained there. 1 de-
sire to allude, in the course of my remarks, some-
what to the reasons given by the President of the
United States for sending to and retaining m that
Territory, the troops under his command as Corn-
mandcr-m-Chief of the Army and Navy.
We are m the midst of a very impoitant con-
troversy. I am sorry that it takes the character
of a controversy; but I desire to ask the Senate
why it is that we arc now engaged in a contro-
versy of this kind, in regard to one of the Terri-
tories of the United States? In the beginning of
the year 1854, the law with regard to th ; state
of every portion of the territory of this Union,
and especially this portion of it, was fixed and
settled. It was settled by a law which had ex-
isted for more than thirty years, and which had
been considered constitutional; and it had been
declared, by a very great authority on this floor,
(Mr. Webster,) to be in his judgment irrepeal-
able. He stated here, in 1850, that the condition
f the territory of the United States, with regard
to slavery, was fixed and settled by an irrepeal-
able law. So far was he from supposing that the
law of the United States which fixed the charac-
ter, and had for a long time fixed the character of
the Territory in question, was unconstitutional,
that heactually declared it to be irrepealable. He
supposed it to be in the nature of a contract which
could not be repealed.
It was not, however, actually irrepcalable; it
was repealed; and we are told now, wo were told
by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] the
other day, in the course of his vory remarkable
and very able speech, that the legislation existing
at that time in the Territory of Kansas, which
was repealed by the act of 1854, and declared in-
operative arid void, was the beginning of legisla-
tion and interference on the subject of slavery in
the Territories of the United States. I have not
quoted his exact language, but I think that was
the idea suggested by the Senator. We have
since been told, we were told yesterday, that'the
course of the non-slavcholding States and their
representatives on this floor, and in the other
branch of Congress, had been aggressive. The
charge has been made here and elsewhere through-
out the country, that the peopl§ of the free States
of this Union are, in their feelings and m their legis-
lation, aggressive on the subject of slavery, and
that the aggression commenced in the year 1820. If
I understood the Senator from Georgia, his idea
was that then was the commencement of inter-
ference on the part of Congress. 1 deny, with all
respect to the opinions of that gentleman, and
other gentlemen who have spoken on the other
side, that there has been any aggression on the
part of the free States of this Union. I deny that
that was the beginning of the interference of Con-
gress; and I take upon me here to say, and I can
show, by reference to acts of Congress and the
whole course of the Government, that, from the
very beginning of the Government, from its ear-
liest inception, even before the establishment of
the Constitution of the United States, the whole
course of policy of the Government was legisla-
tion on the subject of slavery as well as other sub-
jects in the Territories, and that full power was
claiiiH'd on that subject, and that it was not unt'l
1854 that the powerof Congress was abiu^ated.
Then it was that Congress, instead of exercising
its power on that and all other subjects in the
Territories, announced the doctrine that there was
no such power in Congress. If the doctrine was
not then started, the action of Congress at thai
time was its first official recognition.
Now, i propose to show that from the very be-
ginning Congress asserted, claimed, and exercised
the power of legislating on slavery, as on all other
subjects in the Territories. I do not propose to
detain the Senate with a historical account of what
took place m regard to the. ordinance of 1787,
known as it is to every Senator present; but 1 beg
leave to refer very briefly to certain historical
events which occurred previous to that time. That
was not the beginning. Any one who will refer
to the history of events connected with thai pe-
riod, will find that, there was not only no inten-
tion of extending slavery into tlm Territories of
the Union on the part of the fathers of this Re-
public, but that there was actually no desire to ex-
tend territory. Not only did they not claim that
slavery should be extended, but there was no
wish, or desire, or intention, or supposition, that
the territory of this Union could be extended in
any direction. In the year 1187, the whole ter-
ritory of the United States was covered >by the
ordinance of 1787. That ordinance was adopted
and ratified by Congress among their first acts
after the Constitution. Their first important act
was to pass a bill for the protection of American
industry; and almost their second act was to pass
a bill ratifying and confirming the ordinance of
1787. This, I presume, is pretty much the order
in which my honored friend from Rhode Island,
who sits by my side, [Mr. Simmons,] would take
up the subject if it were now referred to hnn.
What took place before that time? The Con-
gress of the Confederation, in then last moments,
were employed in a manner somewhat instructive
to us, in view of this subject. What were they
occupied upon? If you refer to the debates m the
Congress of the Confederation, you will find that
the subject before them was the question whether
the wholo territory bounding the Mississippi,
together with the exclusive right of the navigation
of the Mississippi river, should be ceded to Spam.
Seven States of this Union voted to relinquish to
Spain the exclusive navigation of the Mississippi
river for twenty-five years. What States were
in favor of that proposition? Mr. Madison, in a
letter to Mr. Jefferson, written in the year 1787,
states the course of each delegation. He says;
" Maryland find South Carolina have hitherto been on
the lujht <side. Thuir future conduct H somewhat piob-
lemaucal."—Madron Papers, vol. 2, p. 64-2.
It was doubtful what position the States of
South Carolina and Maryland would occupy on
that all-important question. They then had no
idea of extending territory. So far from intend-
ing to extend slavery, they had no idea at that
time that our territory would everGxtend beyond
the Mississippi river. They could not have had
that supposition with the view they entertained in
regard to the small importance of the navigation
of the Mississippi. We are told by Mr. Madi-
son, that in the discussion of that question be-
tween the Spanish Minister, (Mr. Guardoqui,)
and our Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Spanish
Minister said that Spain occupied both sides of
the Mississippi, as far as the mouth of the Ohio,
thus including Kentucky, and,
" With an nir of ostensible jocoseness, lie hinted that the
people of Kentucky would make good Spanish subjects, and
that they would become such for t!ie sake of the privilege
annexed to that character."—2 Madison Papers, p. 592. °
Instead of excitement on the subject, two south-
ern States—Maryland andSouth Carolina—were
so indifferent with regard to it that Mr. Madison
could not tell which way their votes would be re-
corded. In the result the Constitution was adopted,
and the powers of the Congress of the Confedera-
tion,of course,departed,and no action was taken
on the question. There was then no northern ag-
gression. The proposition to prohibit slavery in
the temtory northwest of the Ohio river did not
come from the North. It is now known to have
originated with Mr. Jefferson himself. North-
ern people took very little interest in the ques-
tion, comparatively. Southern statesmen, seeing
that 'it would be better for that region of country
that their institutions, about which they knew so
much.should not be there extended, proposed the
prohibition m the Congress of the Confederation,
and it was carried by their votes and by their in-
fluence.
After the ordinance of 1787 was established,
our territories were extended in the southwest-
ern region of this country, the purchase of the
Louisiana territory was made, with regard to a
portion of which the controversy now going on is
concerned. What do you see in the legislation
of Congress, in reference to that territory ? If
you will refer to the very first act passed on that
subject—the act for the organization of Orleans
Territory—you will see that instead of abdicating
power on the question of slavery, Congress ex- ♦
cried full and supreme power on that subject.
Any Senator who states that the commencement
of legislation for the restriction of slavery in the
Territories was in 1820, certainly either has not
examined this subject, or has not retained m his
memory the result of that examination. I do not
now propose to dwell on that branch of the sub-
ject. It has repeatedly been dwelt upon at suf-
ficient length in the Senate. It has been held
up before the country. The Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] in a speech of great abil-
ity, has laid before the Senate all the facts in re-
gard to that legislation. I barely desire to refer
to it. You will find that in that act Congress ex-
erted the power of abolishing a certain species of
slavery which then existed in this country. Con-
gress provided that slaves carried into that Ter-
ritory for a certain purpose should be, immedi-
ately on being conveyed there, entitled to their
freedom. Congress exerted a power of prohib-
iting the slave trade many years in that Territory
before they had power to prohibit the foreign
slave trade with the States of this Union.
Not to dwell on that legislation which took place
in the Territory of Orleans, what was done when
the State of Louisiana was admitted into the
Union > We have been told repeatedly that Con-
gress had no power to affix conditions to the ad-
mission of a State into the Union, cxcopt to pro-
vide that that State should be republican in the
character of its government. If, however, you
will refer to the act admitting Louisiana into the
Union, you will find that not only was her gov-
ernment required to be republican in its character,
but also a condition was annexed that the pro-
ceedings of all her courts, and all her legislative
proceedings, should be in the language in which
the laws and proceedings of this Government
were published, to wit: in the-English language.
That was one of the conditions insisted upon be-
fore the State of Louisiana could be admitted into
the Union. Another condition was that the navi-
gation of the Mississippi should be free from any
tolls which the State of Louisiana might claim atr
any time the right of imposing; and furthermore
that the public lands in that State should be ceded
to the United States, and the, right of the State to
tax them relinquished.
Such, at that time, was the policy of the Gov-
ernment. Was there to be found a statesman in
this whole country, in Congress or out of Con-
