1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
self or to overawe Congress, as he has to assem-
ble it as a posse, comitatus to accompany Governor
Cumming to Utah.
The foundation of this bill lies in an assump-
tion of power on the part of the Executive; and
we are fast departing- from the Constitution, and
from the landmarks laid down by the fathers
when we sanction this usurpation of authority.
This bill appropriates many millions of money
for the support of the Army—an appropriation
founded in many instances not only upon the as-
sumption of power by the Executive, but also
upon the assumption of power by subordinate
officers. Contracts have been made,as was shown
by the Senator from Maine yesterday, without
authority of law, and yet we are to appropriate
money to pay them. We are to do this under
the pretense, or under the reality rather, that the
appropriation now made may be necessary in
consequence of the condition m which the coun-
try. has been brought by this unauthorized as-
sumption of power on the part of the Executive.
Sir, we are pointed to the Army, and asked if we
will refuse supplies. An appeal is made to us on
the part of the Administration to vote these sup-
plies; and I will read from the organ of the Ad-
ministration a few sentences to show the char-
acter of this appeal. In the Union of yesterday
morning there is an article headed " Utah Expe-
dition," which reads:
" If boys are men in miniature, then are wars anything
else than unpopular; lor boys lead of nothing but battles,
and ad nine. no lieioes but wamors. Xt us the misfouune of
the human iace to delirium the staring events ot war rather
than m the tame monotony of peace. It was the theory of
Ilobbes thar wai i> the natural state of mankind, and that
it lequires all the restiamtsot law, government, and society
to bung 'ihoitt even intermittent and spasmodic periods of
peace. The tame of an able statesman is only cheushed by
the educated and intelligent few; but the renown of agieat
captain is the joy of the popular heart. The populace"—
Yes, sir, " the populace"—that is the term ap-
plied to the great mass of the people of this coun-
try by the organ of the Administration—•
"the populace delight m the anxious suspense of impend-
ing battle, and in the thriihngdetails of hard-fought engage-
ment*.
" We cannot conceive of a moie barren field for the dem-
agogue man an auti-war campaign. To eiy out to the pop-
ulace, alter a long peace, against a new war, is the most
stupid dcnrigoguery imaginable."
In another portion of the article it is said.
" i'ar-imony, however, is not a pa^ton with our people,
even in regaid to their State expemhtuies, much less is it
so with legaid to Fedetal expenditmes. War, on the con-
trary, is a passion of our populace, and on no occasions have
our Cci imi me demagogues Mi-tamed more humiliating over-
throw-, than when they have blundeied into an encounter
with the war feeling of the countiy."
That, sir, is the character of the article put forth
to hurry this bill through the Senate, and to in-
duce Congress to pass tin appropiiation for almost
eight million dollars of money as a deficiency to
supply an army under circumstances not justified
by the Constitution or tSie laws of the land; and
thoso who oppose it are called demagogues, and
the young: nten of the country are pointed to the
renown winch is to follow the successful leaders
in war; and in this article the heroes are con-
trasted with the civilians. I know, sir, that the
people of this countiy are ready for a necessary
war—ready to defend themselves in any emer-
gency when in the light; but I do not believe the
people of this country are for war for the sake of
wai; nor, as this article intimates, do I believe
the people of this country suppose war to be the
natural state of mankind; and, while renown may
follow the successful leaders in war, we should
not forget that there follow in the train of war
many calamities. While glory may encircle the
brow of the successful captain, the tears of widows
and of orphans follow m the train of war also;
and we should remember that there are thousands
made to sulfur by its disasters while few reap its
glories and benefits, so far as personal aggrand-
izement is concerned. The fact that war manu-
factures heroes, is the bait thrown out here to
induce support to this bill.
_ I was reminded, when I read this article, of a
citizen who was appealed to when the Mexican
war broke out a few years ago, to know if he was
in favor of the Mexican war. He replied, yes—
yes, he was m favor ot the Mexican war; and he
was not only m favor of the Mexican war, but
he was m favor of pestilence and famine too; he
had opposed one war, the war of 1812, and he
should never oppose another. He went for all
three; and I would about as soon think of going
for war, pestilence, and famine, as advocating
such doctrines as are put forth here to carry this
bill through Congress.
It is suggested to me by a friend that possibly
the Chief Magistrate of the nation may have a
little of the feeling of the citizen to whom I al-
luded before, who had opposed one war. He is
said once to have opposed a war. I hope it is
not having that effect upon him so that he is go-
ing to be for war the rest of his life, and for pesti-
lence and famine too. I do not know but that
this will lead to famine. It will certainly lead to
an impoverishment of the Government, if not of
the people, if the Government is to be adminis-
texed and carried on as it has been for the last
few years, and particularly since the present Ex-
ecutive came into power.
I assume, then, that to pass a bill like this is a
surrender by Congress to the Executive of the
nation of the control, not only of the Army with-
out authority, but of the Treasury also. 1 do not
say that I would not relieve the troops which have
been sent forward. I believe that they should not
have been sent forward; that there was po occa-
sion for sending this army; no authority for send-
ing it out with a civil Governor, dispatched to
Utah. We had no facts before us; the country
had no facts before it, to justify the sending
of an army to Utah. It is true there were some
vague facts brought back by Government officials
who had fled from the Territory, and many of
whom, perhaps, were of no better character than
the Mormons themselves, of resistance to law in
that Territory; but these reports, I doubt not,
were greatly exaggerated; and to show the char-
acter of the reports which have been got up
against the Mormons, I will read a little from a
Jaook which I have in my hand.
In Illinois we had these Mormons, and we ex-
pelled them from that State. I am not their apol-
| ogist; I believe them a licentious, a vile, and a bad
set of people, speaking generally of them, al-
though,! doubt not, there are many good, honest
people among them, deluded, misled, but never-
theless conscientious in their action; but they are
a peculiar people; they set themselves up to be
better than the rest of the world; they call them-
selves Saints; and the very fact that they are thus
exclusive, and hold the balance of the world as
Gentiles and heathens, claiming to be the Latter-
Day Saints of Jesus Christ, produces collision
between them and the rest of the world. If they
were angels from Heaven, and came down among
us and set up their peculiar tenets, differing from
everybody around them, I doubt if they could live
in peace in any quarter of the globe where they
had any intercourse with other people.
While these people were in the State^of Illinois,
and after the difficulties began there, the Governor
of the State, Mr. Ford, who is the author of the
book I hold in my hand, went over in the vicin-
ity of their settlements. They were settled, as
everybody knows, on the Mississippi river, at the
city of Nauvoo. Here is what he says as to the
state of things when he went over there:
" A system of excitement and agitation was artfully
planned and executed with tact. It consisted in spreading
icpoifs and rumors of the most fearful character. As ex-
amples • On the morning before my arrival at Carthage"—
Carthage, I will remark, is the county seat of
the county in which Nauvoo is situated—
" I was awakened at an caily hour by a frightful report,
which was asserted with confidence and apparent conster-
nation, that the Moimons had already commenced the work
of burning, destruction, and murder; and that every man
capable ot be.uing arms was instantly wanted at Carthage,
toi the piotection of the countiy. We lost no tune m start-
nig; but when we arrived at Carthage, we could hear no
moie concerning this stoiy. Again. During the few days
that the nnlma weiu encamped at Carthage, frequent appli-
cation-? wete made to me to send a force here, and a foice
there, and a force all about the country, to prevent mur-
ders, jobberies, ami hueemes, which, it was said, were
thieatenud by the Moimons No such forces were sent:
nor were any such olfenses committed at that tune, except
the stealing of some provisions, and there was never the
least pioof that tins was done by a Mormon. Again: On
my late vwf to Uancock county, I was mfoimed by some
of their violent enemies, that the larcenies of the Mormons
had become unusually numerous and insufferable. They
indeed admitted that but little had been done in this way m
their immediate vicinity. But they insisted that sixteen
horses had been stolen by the Mormons in one night near
Lima, in the county of Adams. At the clo-c of the expedi-
tion, I culled at this vamp town of Luna, and upon inquiry
vva-5 told that no hoise> had been stolen m that neighbor-
hood, but that sixteen horses had been stolen in one night
in Hancock county. This last intormant being told of the
Hancock story, again changed the venue to another distant
settlement in the northern edge of Adams."
A short time afterwards, and during the pend-
ency of these difficulties, and after Smith was ar-
rested, the Governor states that another series of
rumors were set on foot. He says that he was
on his return to Carthage, a short time before sun-
down, and—
" When we had proceeded two miles we met two indi-
viduals, one of them a Mormon, who informed us that the
Smiths had been assassinated in jail, about five or six o'clock
of that day. The intelligence seemed to strike every one
with a kind of dumbness. As to myself, it was perfectly
astounding; and I anticipated the very worst consequences
from it."
He then says that a committee appeared at
Q,uincy, which is in the county of Aaams, ad-
joining:
" The next morning, by daylight, the ringing of the bells
in the city of Quincy announced a public meeting. The
people assembled in great numbers at an early hour. The
Warsaw committee stated to the meeting that a party of
Mormons had attempted to rescue the Smiths out of jail;
that a party of Missourians, and others, had killed the pris-
oners to prevent their escape; that the Governor and his
party were at Nauvoo at the time when intelligence of the
fact was brought there j that they had been attacked by the
Nauvoo legion, and had retreated to a house where they were
then closely besieged> that the Governor had sent out word
that he could maintain his position for two days, and would
be certain to be massacred if assistance did not arrive by
the end of that time. It is unnecessary to say that this en-
tire story was a fabrication. It was of a piece with the other
reports put into circulation by the anti-Mormon party to in-
fluence the public mind, and call the people to their assist-
ance."
I read this for the purpose of showing that all
the rumors which we hear about lawlessness and
about the depredations of the Mormons upon the
settlers and others, should and ought to be re-
ceived with a great many degrees of allowance.
In the State of Illinois, upon the Mississippi river,
where hundreds of steamboats were passing almost
daily, the country densely populated all about
them, these rumors were got up and believed to
such an extent, that troops were raised for the
purpose of combating armies which had never
assembled at all. It is true, the Mormons con-
ducted themselves in such a way, and such a state
of feelingexisted in the State of Illinois, that sub-
sequently it became necessary that they should
remove from the State according to an agreement
which was made with them by the Governor; but
there was no battle fought between the opposing
parties. Some few lives were lost under misap-
prehension; perhaps some few persons may have
been assassinated; but there was no battle between
the citizens of Illinois and the Mormons, and they
left the State.
Now, if it were desirable, as it probably is, to
expel the Mormons from Salt Lake valley, I have
no doubt it could be accomplished without having
a single soldier there. I think we have dealt im-
properly with the Mormons. We did so in the
State of Illinois. Our difficulties arose out of our
legislation, in my judgment. When that people
first settled in Illinois they were welcomed. The
different political parties in the State courted their
friendship. Their votescontrolled a congressional
district, and the Legislature of Illinois passed
laws organizing them into a separate community.
What was called the Nauvoo charter was passed,
and under that they had a separate and distinct or-
ganization. All this had a tendency to separate
them from the people settled around them, when
they left our State and wentoff to Salt Lake valley,
the Government of the United States pursued the
same course. You created for them a territorial
government, and the doctrine prevailed to a large
extent over the country, that sovereignty existed
in the territorial governments, and that Congress
had no authority over the Territories. The doc-
trine was proclaimed throughout the country that
by the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill in
1854, after the Utah government had been estab-
lished, some great principle of territorial sover-
eignty had been recognized, and henceforth and
forever the people of each Territory were to be
left perfectly free to regulate their own affairs as
they pleased. The Mormons embraced this doc-
trine. Brigham Young was made Governor; they
had everything their own way; and I remember
to have seen that they passed resolutions indors-
ing the Cincinnati platform as the true doctrine,
and finding fault with the Republican platform,
which denounced slavery and polygamy as relics
of barbarism. They favored those institutions.
Now, sir, having created a territorial govern-
