2788
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. HUNTER. Not in this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. That expense is included in
the estimates for the Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. None of that is in this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I think I am right about
that matter. A portion of it is here, I am in-
formed.
Mr. HUNTER. That is in the mail-steamer
bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Is not a portion of the mail
service included in this bill?
Mr. HUNTER. Not the mail-steamer service.
Mr. MALLORY. Now, sir, when we speak
of our coastwise defenses, we speak of a line of
coast exceeding that of almost the entire coast of
Europe. Our coast extends from Canada to Pu-
get Sound, a voyage greater than any European
Power would perform in coming to America.
That is the coasting trade. A vessel clears coast-
wise from New York to San Francisco. On our
coast route there are thousands upon thousands
of inlets, where, in a foreign war, our vessels
could escape into neutral ports. There are thou-
sands of other placcs where they would have to
go to a neutral port to get a supply of coal. We
have vessels that cannot approach them. Our
large naval steamers now could not receive a sup-
ply of coal at any of our southern ports that 1
know of, except Key West or Pensacoia. They
"would have to go North forcoal. Ourhome squad-
ron should consist expressly of such vessels as
are here contemplated, that have great speed, with
heavy guns, and carry a small supply of coal,
and have their depots immediately under their
lee; while for foreign service we are necessarily
compelled to build a larger class of vessels, which
will cross the Atlantic with their coal, using sails
as an auxiliary power. These small vessels can-
not go abroad. The honorable Senator from
North Carolina says the British gun-boats have
gone to China, and are all over the world. There
are one hundred and eighty-four of them. Groat
Britain uses them in China, in India, in the Pa-
cific. Why? Wherevera standard can be reared,
or a gun can be planted, there she has a power,
and there you will find a coal depot, rendezvous,
or fitting station. They are never twenty-four
hours from a depot; while, the very instant we
leave our own shores, we are at the mercy of a
neutral forcoal, without which steam vessels can-
not cross the seas; and, in a maritime war to-
morrow, we should have to rely upon neutrals for
coat, i concede that, if we were at war with
England, France would have a tight to open her
coal depots to both bclhgeients alike, and we
might obtain a supply of coal; but we should bo
dependent on her mercy. For foreign service we
are compelled to build vessels that will carry their
own supplies,and be floating batteries. Another
reason is, that we are compelled to build them
as other nations do." If other nations build frig-
ates of four thousand tons, we must put ours at
four thousand. If they use eleven-inch guns, we
must do the same, because we cannot pretend to
compete in fleet fighting; and it is not the policy
of the country to have a grand, huge Navy, to
extend over the world; but we do pretend that,
wherever, in open warfare,yard-arm to yard-arm,
on the high seas, an American frigate meets one
of another nation, she iinus no superior; and it
is the duty of Congress to provide for that emer-
gency now, to say that when we build a frigate,
we build it with reference to those she has to
contend with, and we are not at liberty to decrease
the size of our frigates or sloops. We find Great
Butain and France have abandoned the idea of
having many large vessels for special service, and
are building a smaller class. The gun-boats draw
six and a half feet of water, i find, on referring
to an authentic report made by one of our own
officers, that their third-class gun-boats, drawing
six and a half feet water, with sixty horse power,
are the most numerous. They can enter every
American port from Galveston to Maine, and we
have not a single vessel deserving the name of a
man-of-war that will do it to-day; and still we
are told this is a war measure.
I would say to the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois that, in bringing forward this measure, it is
not proposed at all, or sanctioned by the Naval
Committee, as a war measure under the guise of
peace. It is not that we want vessels really for a
war with Great Britain, and choose to name them
vessels for the Chinese seas—by no means. If
we were to give orders to-morrow to take the
Forward, the Buzzard, or the Styx—those vessels
that have infringed on our commerce—I am not
willing to admit that it would be a war measure.
If the Secretary of the Navy were to order the
Colorado to-day to bring either of these vessels
into port, it would be simply an act of reprisal,
such as Great Britain herself has resorted to in
hundreds of cases, and we should then be in a
condition to negotiate fairly with her. In the
Chinese seas we are now paying $5,000 a month
for a vessel, and we have been doing it for six
months past.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the chairman of
the Naval Committee by what authority $5,000 a
month is paid for a vessel there to help the British
and French to superintend the Chinese?
Mr. MALLORY. I am not here to say by
what authority our foreign relations are conducted
abroad, for I know nothing about them.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is there any authority of law
for that?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know. The simple
fact is stated, and I believe it is true, that our
Minister is paying, in China, $5,000 a month for
the use of a steamer, because we have no steamer
of our own in which his official negotiations can
be earned on. What his authority is I do not
know. If that be the fact, it only shows the pro-
priety of constructing a ship of our own for those
waters. Gieat Britain has frequently constructed
gun-boats for the Chinese livers. Some steamers
will be wanted for Oregon, where the Indians
transport themselves in large canoes across the
sea. A single steamer would be worth regiments
of troops there. In addition to what I have said,
thp steamers are wanted for the southern coast.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senate has derived a
vast deal of useful information from this debate.
We are now solemnly assured that, with an ex-
penditure of over fifteen millions a yeai, the Navy
is absolutely contemptible; that it renders no ser-
vice; that it can fight nobody; that it can render
no service to the country. That is the argument
of the honorable members of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY Where does it come from?
Who says that ?
Mr. PUG LI. The Senator from South Caro-
lina said the Navy was a sham. If I misunder-
stood him I shall be happy to be corrected.
Mr. HAMMOND. I said comparatively. I
did not say it is an absolute sham; but compara-
tively it is child 'a play, compared with our com-
merce and our relations to the world; and I will
take this occasion to say what I intended to have
said before, that I am perfectly certain that our
Navy, if the Department was properly managed,
could be increased at least three-fold with the
same expenditure. I am not responsible for that.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator lias expressed the
very point to which I was about to come. If
an ordinary annual expenditure of $15,250,000
gives usa navy that is unable to protect our com-
mcrce, 1 am willing to go with the Committee on
Naval Affairs for any increase of the number of
ships; but they ought to accompany the prop-
osition with some attempt to reduce the abuses
which evidently exist in the system. There must
be abuse in the Navy; there must be shameful
profligacy at some place, if §15,000,000 every
year cannot give usa navy that does not even
rise above the dignity of a sham. Let my hon-
orable friend from Florida tell us where we can
take money out of the navy-yards, or some other
place, and put it into ships, and he shall have my
vote; but it is a continual recommendation of in-
crease, increase—no retrenchment, no improve-
ment. I am not satisfied that while this system
continues any amount of money will produce any
greater efficiency. That is my difficulty on this
occasion. I asked the honorable Senator from
Virginia how much money this bill contains, and
he told me $,13,250,000—that is a peace bill—
without the amendment. Where is all this money
spent, and where do we want these new ships?
We do not want them to capture the Styx and the
Buzzard; it seems we intend to keep away from
them. We want one, I am told, m China, and
the amendment provides for one to go to China.
The Senator from South Carolina says one is re-
quired at Puget Sound. Where do you want the
other eight ? Do you want them to go with the Ni-
agara to carry the cable of Great Britain from one
of her provinces to another ? Do,,you want them
to visit the Mediterranean sea? Where is all our
Navy? Two years ago we had plenty of ships
to lend England. This great Power, which had
more ships afloat than we had guns, came to us
to borrow our ships to lay her own cable, and we
lent her the Niagara and the Susquehanna, and
now we have lent her the Niagara again; and if
we £?et into a war with her, she will be very fool-
ish if she does not keep it to fight us with. This
Navy needs retrenchmentand reform somewhere.
I do not understand it. I am a land lubber, and
my constituents are land lubbers; we live here
on the fresh water; but I beg the Committee on
Naval Affairs, when they offer this proposition,
to which I am not opposed, to accompany it with
some measure to reduce the estimates somewhere
else.
Mr. CLINGMAN. At this point, with the
consent of the Senator from Ohio, I would say to
him, and 1 say it in the presence of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, that a Democratic member of
Congress from the State of New York, in reply
to a remark of mine about the large expenditure
and small return, told me that, in his opinion, in
one of the navy yards, I shall not specify which,
two thirds of the money was wasted. He said he
knew enough about it to he satisfied that one third
of the money could get all the service the Govern-
ment now got by that expenditure. I make this
remark for what it is worth, in the hope that the
Committee on Naval Affairs will at least inquire
into thesp matters.
Mr. PUGH. I think that is very probable,for
it is my experience, that two thirds of the money
we vote for any purpose is wasted; that only about
one third of it comes to any good. Gentlemen
call this a peace measure. Well, sir, I have made
no warlike speeches, because I have seen nothing
like war m the Senate; and I think if the President
had intended to go to war, he would have sent us
a message. lie was fast enough to send us a
message when your Pauldingsand Chatards went
to Central America to capture American citizens.
He sendsthis wiihoutanyexpression of opinion.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Ohio al-
low me to ask the Senator from North Carolina
whether the member of Congress from New York,
to whom he alludes, mentioned the navy-yard?
Mr. CLINGMAN. He did mention it; butl
do not wish to be the cause of geiuiiir up any com-
mittee of investigation. I hope the Committee on
Naval Affairs will inquire into the condition of
all our navy-yards. He seemed to be pretty well
informed, and said he could give many facts,and
that he had no doubt one third or one fourth the
money would pay for all the service we got; and
he thoughtitcould be ascertained how the money
was wasted. 1 was remarking on the fact that,
with a large expenditure of from twelve to fifteen
millions a year, we had not more ships, and did
not get more service, than when wc only spent one
third or one fourth the amount; and then lie made
the statement which I have given. I prefer not
referring either to the navy-yard or to the mem-
ber, except to say that he is a Democratic mem-
ber of Congress from the State of New York.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say that I had
not seen any warlike indications in the Senate.
I do not hear the President sending us any word
on the subject. 1 do not hear any proposition
that is received with favor in the Senate which is
to go down to the coordinate war-making power
of this Government and be passed on by them.
When the Senator from Illinois introduced one
bill, it was eviscerated and disemboweled, and the
part of Hamlet expressly left out of it. When he
brought us in another bill, it got on the table, and
there, I imagine, it will stay, so long as a major-
ity of the Senate can keep it there. Consequently,
when my friend from Tennessee began to lecture
us on the subject, I asKcd him whether the com-
mittee intended this as a war measure? Do you
want these ships to fight with? Do you want to
attack the Styx and the Buzzard?—for these have
become familiar names to us of late. If you want
them for that purpose, I agree these are not enough,
and I am ready to vote you more. If you say
that is the purpose, I will vote you any number;
I will put the taxes on my constituents to the last
extremity, and I know they will stand it; butl
do not understand why it is that, when you are
talking about war, all of you are sheering away
from it m every direction' and I sheer away
