1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
ment over them, having authorized the Mormons
as a distinct and separate people, to set up agov-
ernment for themselves, without having repealed
the law—without having made any effort to expel
them from the jurisdiction of the United States,
if it were necessary that they should be expelled—
without having any reliable information in regard
to their condition, the President sends an army
to accom pany a newly-appointed Governor to that
Territory, and, as I insist, without the least au-
thority. Authority is given in the law for the
President of the United States to use the Army
in cases of rebellion and insurrection; and if the
Mormons are said to be in rebellion, the Presi-
dent can use the Army against them provided he
uses it according to the mode prescribed by the
act of Congress, and not otherwise. What is that
power?
" In case of an insurrection in any State against the gov-
ernment thereof, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, on application of the Legislature of such
State, or of the Executive, when the LegisIature*cannot be
convened, to call forth such number of the militia of any
other State, or States, as may be applied for, as he may
judge sufficient to suppress such insurrection."
We all know that neither the Governor of Utah
Territory, nor the Territorial Legislature, has
called upon the President to put down insurrec-
tion. In the first place, it is extremely doubtful
whether this act of Congress to which I have just
referred, has any relation to a Territory, or au-
thorizes the President to use the troops in a Ter-
ritory at all, to put down an insurrection. Admit
that it does, and admit that the act of 1807, amend-
atory to this act of 1795, from which 1 have read,
authorizes the President to use the Army in all
cases where he was before authorized to use the
militia by the act of 1795; still he could only use
the Army in a Territory in case the Legislature
called upon him, or if the Legislature could not
be convened, in case the Governor called upon
him. That has not been done; so that you can-
not derive any authority from these laws for the
President to send the Army to Utah.
It is a part of the Constitution of the United
States that no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury except in pursuance of appropriations
made by law. That clause was inserted in the
Constitution of the United States for some purpose,
and that purpose i& thwarted entirely if we are to
sanction the action of the Executive in cases like
this now under consideration. lie makes use of
the Army; he incurs a debt without authority of
law; for this is a deficiency bill, and it is admitted
that there is no appropriation to meet it. We are
not permitted to inquire into it. We are not shown
the details of this deficiency; but it is enough that
le President of the United States has thought
proper to make contracts on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and has promised to
pay money, and Congress must come in and foot
the bill. The Constitution intended that Con-
gress should hold control over the Treasury and
over the money of the people. Does not this
course .practically subvert the intention of the
Constitution in this respect?
Sir, if an appropriation is to be made to meet
these expenditures, I should like to know how a
case could arise where Congress would refuse to
appropriate money to pay a debt incurred by the
Executive ? Here is a clear case; and if the money
is to be voted in this instance, I do not know how
a case could ever arise where Congress would be
justified in refusing to vote money. I know that
the present Executive is sustained by agreatand
powerful party who have confidence in him, and
are willing to vote almost anything he asks; but
that great and powerful party should remember
that the present Executive will not always remain
in power. Power may pass from their hands.
Some other person may be elected President here-
after in whom they will have less confidence than
they have in the present Executive; and if they
sanction this assumption of power on the part
of the present Chief Magistrate and foot the bills,
how can they refuse to do it in cases hereafter,
when debts shall be incurred by a President who
is not the President of their choice?
We must stop somewhere; and I would appeal
*o those gentlemen who now come up and sup-
port this enormous appropriation—I would appeal
to them, if not by virtue of their constitutional
obligations, by virtue of another obligation, which
I believe they all recognize to be binding; for, al-
though the Declaration of Independence is new
regarded by some persons as containing a set of
tingling generalities, obsolete and having no mean-
ing, and although the Constitution is little heeded,
yet I believe that the persons sustaining the ap-
propriations of this character do indorse the Cin-
cinnati platform. That was made less than two
years ago; and I believe that is not obsolete. I
know in former times, when I acted with, and was
a member of, the Democratic party, we considered
that a platform was good until another one was
constructed; at any rate, that it would last four
years, and when the national convention met and
nominated a candidate for President, we would
stand by its platform until another convention met
and made another. But since a new test has been
introduced into the Democratic party, and Democ-
racy consists in advocating a particular line of
policy in regard to slavery, it is possible that a
new doctrine prevails on that subject also. I
should hope, however, that the Cincinnati plat-
form is still in force in regard to the expenditure
of the public money; and if i^is, I wish to call the
attention of those who acknowledge its binding
obligation (if I cannot get their attention by ap-
pealing to the Constitution and the law) to that
nigher authority—the Cincinnati platform. That
declares—under the head of the fifth resolution of
the second subdivision if will be found—that it
is the duty of every branch of the Government to
enforcc and practice the most rigid economy in
conducting our public affairs." Now, that is
binding. No supporter of'the Administration,
I presume, will shirk from the obligation of that
requirement; and I ask him, as he holds up this
fundamental principle, to lay his hand on his heart
if he can, and vote for a deficiency of §10,000,000
in a single bill. Is that what is meant by saying
" every branch of the Government should enforce
and practice the most rigid economy in conduct-
ing our public affairs
There is another resolution adopted at Cincin-
nati to which I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Virginia. He says the President
of the United States had authority to assemble this
army in the Rocky Mountains, and to send it as
a posse comitatus with the" Governor sent out to
Utah. I wish to know where the authority is,
where the law or constitutional authority is, and
I call his attention to> another article in this creed
laid down at Cincinnati, which is higher than and
above constitutions. The first resolution under
the general head declares:
" That the Federal Government is one of limited powers
derived solely from the Constitution, and the grants of
power therein ought to be strtctly construed by alt the De-
partments and agents of the Government, and that it is in-
expedient and dangerous to exercise doubttul constitutional
powers."
The party is in favor of strict construction.
Here are contracts made without authority of law;
this is not denied, cannot be successfully contro-
verted. Will you sanction them? Here is a use
of the Army which none of you can justify to be
right. Now, which will you do—will you dis-
own your allegiance to the fundamental principles
laid down at Cincinnati two years ago, or will you
stand by them and refuse to sanction these enor-
mous appropriations ? Are you for practicing that
economy which you profess ? Are you for hold-
ing officers to that rigid accountability which you
say they should be held to? If you are, how can
you puss this bill?
Now, sir, I am willing to go this far, and it is as
far as I would go: I am willing to relieve our troops.
If they have been placed in a position without
authority, by the President of the United States,
where they need supplies, let us relieve them; the
common demands of humanity would require that;
but I am opposed to appropriating one dollar for
the purpose of carrying on a war against the Mor-
mons, created by the Executive without the au-
thority of Congress. Sir, no new condition of
things has arisen in Utah since the last adjourn-
ment of Congress. There was no necessity for
sending off this army without consulting Con-
gress; and if there was a necessity for sending it
immediately, Congress should have been con-
vened. Where are we tending if not to a con-
centration of all powers, and unlimited power, in
! the hand of the Executive? Why, sir, if the old
jj Federalists, the supporters of the John Adams
!' of 1800, who were m favor of a strong executive
jj Government, could rise up now, they would stand
I' aghast and astonished at the assumptions of power
'I on the part of what is now called a Democratic
Executive. The old Federalists never thought of-
assuming such powers as are now claimed and
exercised by the Executive elected , by the so-
called Democratic party.
I am for bringing this Government back to its
ancient moorings; and I agree with these resolu-
tions laid down at Cincinnati; I am in favor of a
rigid accountability of our officers; lam opposed
to the exercise of doubtful constitutional powers^
I am in favor of the most rigid economy. Let us
carry out these principles; let us vote in this in-
stance whatever money may be necessary to pre-
serve the army, to rescue it from the perilous,
position in which it has been placed by having to
pass the inclement season of the year in the midst
of the snows of the mountains; but let us stop
there, and never, until we have ascertained that it
is necessary to use this army, until that depart-
ment of the Government in which is vested the
war-making power, shall declare that war exists,
let our troops be led forth to slaughter any citizen
in any part of the Republic.
, Mr. GREEN. It is getting a little too late 
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to undertake to
demonstrate that the Senator from Illinois is mis-
taken, and that there is no contract made in vio--
Iation of law or in the absence of law; but I pre-
fer postponing it until to-morrow, and I therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE called for, the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bell, Brodenck, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Dooliule, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Green, Hammond, Harlan, Kennedy, King, Mason, Sew-
ard, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—SS.
NAYS—Messrs. AHen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Brown,
Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpntfhck, Hale, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jonec, Mallory, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, atid Wright—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote-
now on theamendmentoftheSenatorfrom Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the, yeas and.
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee. King, Seward,
Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allan, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Brown,
Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green, Hammond, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Ken-
nedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Siidell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will now be
reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine. I want to have ^
a separate vote on that.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to call for the yeas and
nays on the first amendment, striking out the re-
porters of the House.
Mr. STUART. It is very obvious that we can-
not dispose of this bill to-night; and I understand
there is a desire for an executive session. If that
is to be so, we had better go into an executive ses-
sion now. I move that we proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. If there is no objection to
disposing of it, the Senator from Michigan had
better let us do so. If any one objects, very
well.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. KING. I ask that each amendment be
read. There are not many.
The first amendment, made in Committee of
the Whole, was to strike out from line twenty-
six to twenty-nine, inclusive, the following clause:
t% To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
House for reporting the debates of the present session of
Congress the usual additional compensation of $800 each—
$4,000."
Mr. GREEN. I want the yeas and nays on
that.
Mr. BROWN. Before the yeas and nays are
taken on that, I ask to amend the amendment by-
adding:
Also to enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of
