1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2739
too, as is natural, being one of the younger mem-
bers.
You tell me you want this as a peace measure,
and propose to add to this enormous expenditure,
and yet suggest no retrenchment in that. I do
not understand it; I wantto understand it. I have
the greatest confidence in the Senator from Flor-
ida, as he knows; and if his committee will bring
in any proposition for retrenchment, I will sus-
tain it. If they cannot hit it in any other way, I
recommend them to put in an amendment of three
or four lines before the appropriation for the navy-
yards, saying that " seventy-five per cent, of the
following sums be appropriated." If you cannot
retrench in any other way, introduce the hori-
zontal principle of the great tariff of 1833, and I
think you will come somewhat near retrenchment.
We do not understand these estimates, and we
may stay here until doomsday afternoon, and we
shall not understand them then. They are not
made to be understood. I have heard it said that
figures cannot lie, but the fact is they tell more
Iics than anything else; they conceal everything.
The great fact stares us in the face, th.it, with an
annual expenditure which is greater than the
whole expenditure of this Government at the be-
ginning of Jackson's administration, with that
sum of money lavished on the Navy, you are now
told that it is of no account, that you cannot go
to war with anybody; that you not only cannot
fight England with it, but that you even cannot
carry on a foiay against the pirates of China with
your present Navy. Then where has our money
gone ? What account can we give of our steward-
ship? How can we go to oui constituents, and
say, " we hove levied these tuxes on you, but
cannot tell where the money has gone; whal has
become of it, what is to be shown ibr it." If Sen-
ators want a war measure, I think we had better
tack on to this bill the bill which was introduced
by my friend from Illinois. That is m earnest;
that is talking right; and if the Senator from Flor-
ida will withdraw his amendment, I hope my
fiiend from Illinois will oiler his as an additional
section; if he does not, I shall do so myself.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to lemind" the Sen-
ator from Ohio that, whether the United States
have a ship afloat or not, they must make prepa-
rations for having ships afloat, and a large por-
tion of the annual estimates necessarily consist of
amounts needed for keeping up a state of prepa-
ration. We have here, on our coasts, nine navy-
yards. They have been created by Congress;
the Administration must suppose that Congress
intended to maintain them; and thai, involves an
expense in providing work-shops, quarters, and
other prepaiations for putti'ig a il'M-i afloat; and
we raurht increase our Navy double what it is
without incurring anything like a proportionate
increase of expense.
Mr.PUGIl. What state of preparation do you
mean ? Do you mean to say we arc laying up
timber?
Mr. MALLOItY. We lay up timber every
year.
Mr. PUGII. Lay up timber for the sea-worm
we have heard of this morning to destroy?
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator comes from
an agricultuial Store, and he maybe very excus-
able for not knowing anything about this ques-
tion. A large portion of these expenses must
be incurred whether we have few or many ships
afloat. That the Senator will readily understand.
Here I will remark, in continuation of what was
said by my friend from South Carolina, that I do
not, by any means, agree to any censure on our
Navy. So far as our'ships and men go, u is the
most brilliant navy afloat, or that the world has
ever seen. Our shins cannot be matched by any
nation. England, at this day, is engaged m jii
endeavor to matcn them. When she saw the
Merrimac, she laid down one to match her.
Mr. PUGH. I ni'&much ns they ensr more than
anybody else's ships, they ought to beat any-
body's.
Air. MALLOItY. Then I will sav it is unfair
and not exactly logical, to compare the expenses
of the Navy now, to what they were at the time
of the last war with England. For instance, the
expense of sailing an ordinaiy sloop-of-war is
£95,000 a year, but if you put a propeller into that
sloop you make the expense §.154,000 a year, at
once. France and Great Britain have sent their
propellers ail over me world. We have to do
that. The expenses of our Navy have been very
materially increased by the introduction of steam
navigation.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I cannot let
this question pass away from the Senate without
making a single remark, representing, as I do in
part, the third commercial city of this Union. J
am desirous, especially as gentlemen here have
declared their willingness and their readiness at
any time to proclaim war against Great Britain,
to know in what position we, who are upon the
Atlanticcoast, are to find ourselves when that dec-
laration of war shall be made. I have not opened
my lips on this question; I have not «*aid one word
in regard to courting the war with England to
avenge our insults; but I agree entirely in every
word that has fallen from the distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and if tins is to be the
prevailing sentiment of the country, I hope the
Senate of the United States will take some steps,
and adopt some measures, by which we may not
be stripped entirely of oui possessions and. our
homes.
I ask gentlemen when they consider the ques-
tion of war, what is to be the position of the At-
lantic States in such on event? I have been sur-
prised to find gentlemen representing the citiesof
the Atlantic coast upon this floor, with the single
exception of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] willing to let tins
debate pass without one word being said. From
the great city of New York there is not a word,
nor is there from the representatives of Philadel-
phia, or of Boston. I ask gentlemen representing'
maritime States, what is their hope if this decla-
ration of war shall be made with your forty-one
effective ships of (all told) less than two thousand
guns m the American Navy ? Sir, while I indorse
the sentiment of the distinguished Senator from
South Caroima that the American Navy may be
a sham—I take it in his sense—I go further, and
say it is a reproach to the country. Idonotmcan
the personnel of the Navy, for as far as that Navy
goes, I am willing to proclaim here and elsewhere
that it is equal, to that extent, to the navy of any
; other Power on the face of the earth; 'out what is
• it,sir? Forty-one or forty-two effective vessels to
! contend against a great maritime Power like Kng-
: l.md ! "When, with such a force, we are vaunting
! and bragging that H is only necessary to show
j fight and they will hack down, what is the
, amount of tonnage and of marine that we have
| scattered all over the world? Is it statesmanlike,
| is it proper, is it in accordance with the duty that
I is devolved upon us to protect American interests
I that we shall vauntingly and boastfully proclaim
I our readiness for war, and yet use the argument
that we are not declaring war ngninst England,
| but against the Treasury of the United States?
I No. sir. All thnt I have, or hope to have upon
! God's earth, in that event, shall be at stake. No
| man is more tenacious of the American people and
[ of (he American flag than I ami. No man in this
! American ►Senate, from inland or the sea-coast,
; will go further to protect the honor and dignity of
' that liag than myself; but I cannot sit here tamely
| and quietly and hear Senators upon the floor of
; the American Senate say that they are better pro-
j pared to ic-sist aggressions now than they have
ever been, with almost every fort dismantled, and
hardly a stone one upon another that an ordinary
gun-boat could not knock off.
1 did not use to make any speech on this occa-
sion. 1 omy lose, in vindication of the interests
of my own constituents, to ask if belligerent
speeches are to i>^ made here, if taunts au: to be
thrown to England, that we may not. play the
cowaid, that when the chip is put upon our own
head, and w^ defy them to knock it off, we are
not tamely to ^ay, " You a>-e the larger man; but
if you do so a ittile longer I would fight you any-
how''"' I have not been one on this iioor who
has uiised his voice for war. 1 have thrown no
taunt. I am prepared to adopt the pacific meas-
ures of any gentleman here; but I wish it dis-
tinctly to be understood that,although living upon
the Atlanta coast, no man will be more ready oi
moie willing to take up the gage when it is thrown
down, against, insulted honor and indignity to
our flag.
If such apropnsition would be in order, I would
go further than any gentleman yet. It is no ex-
cuse to me, to say the Treasury is impoverished.
1 do not here mean to bring up charges against
the Administration as to why it is impoverished.
With that I shall now have nothing to do. But,
whether that be the fact or not, it is not to be
weighed as the feather in the balance, when the
national honor and the dignity and safety of our
country are at stake. For myself, representing, as
I do m part, a sovereignty here, and that one of
the most exposed, with the great Chesapeake bay
leading to its metropolis, which would be the very
first to be laid bare, with hardly a gun mounted,
with hardly an arm to raise, except that which
may be raised in defense upon the land, against
the thundering cannon of an English seventy-four
sailing into our ports to lay waste ourhomesand
our firesides, to break up our commerce, to bring
ruin and desolation—I am willing to yield all these
when the honor and dignity of the American flag
are assailed. But I wish to be understood as not
making a war speech now. It is emphatically a
measure of peace that I am advocating. I am not
here to blow the war-trumpet at all; but in the
vindication of the rights of the American flag,
when unjustly assailed, I am prepared to go as
far as he who goes farthest; and, as a question
of statesmanship, and of wise and sound policy,
which all Senators are bound to enforce, I demand,
when we take that stand, that we shall not place
ourselves in trie position of a vain braggart; but
to be sure that we are right, to prepare for any
emergency whatever; and then, whatever the con-
sequences or cost may be, to maintain the dignity,
the: honor, and glory of the flag, and the country
at large, by sacrificing to the last cent any interest
that our Commonwealths may have in this great
Confederacy, when the great bond of the Union
that binds us together requires it.
While, my honorable and distinguished friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgii,] and other gentlemen in-
land, may look with calm indifference upon the
situation of our defenses, and believe that one
American citizen is a match for ten other men, I
have none of that sentiment myself. I believe that
human muselcand blood arc pretty much the same;
and especially if yon come to oppose the Anglo-
Saxon blood here against those from whom we
have donvrd nnr highest boast and glory. Be-
lieve me, sir,itwil! be no child's play. I believe
the American people are waihke; I believe they
ore bnve; 1 believe they arc equal to any emer-
gency that may arise; but I am not one who be-
lieves th.it one American is better, or greater
than, or superior in physical power to,any other
three men in creation.
You have had an exhibition to-day from the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the power of Eng-
land ; yon have had an exhibition of the contempt-
ible—and I use it with full force—power of the
American Navy. I speak of it numerically—not
so far as the pei sound of the American Navy is
concerned—as compared with the navies of other
Powers; for I do not believe that one American
sailor is equal to five or three of any other na-
tion.
It is because I have a just regard to my own in-
terests and the interests of my State and of this
country, that lam in favor of this amendment.
But when yen come to adopt an amendment like
this, what is it' Some ten little gun-boats, involv-
ing an expenditure of two or three million dollars,
for the protection of this country. With your
marine scattered over every sea, your flag floating
everywhere, with an American heart beating in
evesy breast, full of this pude and glory, let me
say io the American Senate, that that pride may
bo humbled when the lcaot expecU d.
I do not make these remarks in any view to ex-
Cite popular indignation or popular feeling upon
a question like this; but I do so, that in regard to
the protection of American interests and the ex-
posed condition of the whole Atlantic coast, I may
call upon gentlemen, upon Senatois heie, repre-
senting the largo commercial towns and cities of
this Atlantic coast, to unite, at least, with me in
endeavoring in time of peace to piej-are for war,
1 say again, I wish not to be understood as
making a war speech. 1 am speaking in vindica-
tion of my own interests, the interests of my own
people Oi the State of Maiylaud; and I btg and
trust that Senatois all are willing to unite m a
manly and open advocacy of that principle which
is to maintain the honor of this country—not to
sec the flag lowered and disgraced, and rendered
contemptible in the eyes of the world by a sud-
den emergency or a coup de main. I beg to say
