1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
Tiie Delegate elected to the House of Representatives, under
a territorial law, had just completed hia term of service on
the day previous to my inauguration, tn fact, I found the
government of Kansas as well established as that of any
other Territoiy. Under these circumstances, what was my
duty? Was it not to sustain this government, to protect it
from the violence of lawless men, who were determined to
rule or rum? to prevent it fiom being overturned by force;
in the language of the Constitution, i to take oaie that the
lavvri be l'aithfullv executed ?' It was for this purpose, and
this alone, that 'i oidered a military foicc to Kansas to act
as a posse comitatus m aiding the civil magistrate to cany
the laws into execution."
The President asserts that it is his duty to en-
force the enactment of the so-called Legislature
of the Territory. I have already considered the
question whether those acts were entitled to be
considered true legislative acts or not. My own
opinion is that they were not. I think it has been
shown conclusively that there was no form of le-
gislation connected with them which gave them
any authority or should entitle them to any re-
spect. But let us for a single moment suppose
that they were legislative acts: the signers of this
memorial were of opinion that even if they were,
tiie President of the United States ought, not to
send any portion of the army into that Territory
for the purpose avowed by him. While I do not
admit that they were acts of legislation, I under-
take to say that even if they had been acts of a
Legislature properly and legally chosen, the Pres-
ident of the United States,under the Constitution
and under the law, had no legal right to send the
Army of the United States into the Territory of
Kansas for the purpose which he has himself ac-
knowledged and avowed. For what purpose had
he a right to send the army into that Territory ?
The Constitution of the United States gives to
Congress certain powers with regard to the Army.
It gives Congress power " to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasion."
Founded on that clause of the Constitution is the
act passed in the year 1795. In passing that act,
Congress followed, almost verbatim, the language
of this clause of the Constitution. It has some-
times been questioned why larger powers were
not given by that act of Congress; and one gentle-
man, I think the Senator from Ohio, [Mr Pugh,]
spoke the other day of a casus omissus in this act.
Sir, the reason why no power was given to the
President of the United States to order troops into
a Territory, is that Congress themselves had no
power to delegate to him that authority. Con-
gress had only power to provide for the calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion. When
Congress had passed a law authorizing the mi-
litia to be called out for that purpose, their power
was exhausted. The frameis of that bill passed
it with the Constitution before them. They gave
the President all the power winch the Constitu-
tion invested in them. They authorized him to
call out the militia for certain purposes, and Con-
gress had no power to authorize him to call out
the m'litia for any other purposes. To show that
the act of 1795 goes no further than I have stated,
let me read three sections to the Senate:
" Section 1. Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, Slates of America in Congress as-
sembled, That whenever the United States *hall bo invaded,
or be in immmentdangerot invasion fiom any foreign nation
or Indian tube, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States to call forth such number of the mihtiaof the
State, or States, most convenient to the place of dangei, or
scene of action, as lie may judge necessaiy to lepel such
invasion, and to iscue his orders for that putposc, to such
ofiieei or officers of the militia, as he  hall think pioper.
And m case of an insurrection in any State, against the
government thereof, it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States, on application of the Legislature ot such
Statr, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature cannot be
convened,) to call forth such number of the militia of any
other State, or States, as may be applied for, as he may judge
sufficient to suppress such insurrection.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
laws of the United States shall be opposed, or the execution
thereof obstructed, in any State, by combinations too powei-
ful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial pio-
ceedings, or by the powers vested m the marshals by this
act, it bhall be lawful for the Piesident of the United States
to call forth the militia of such State, or of any othei State
or States, as may be necessary to suppress such combina-
tions, and to cause the laws to be duly executed; and the
use of the militia <-o to be called forth may be continued, if
necessary, until the expiration of tfiiity days after the com-
mencement of the then next session of Congiess. .
" Sec. 3. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That
whenever it may be necess-ary, in the judgment of the Pres-
ident, to use the mihtaiy force hereby dnected to be called
fonh, the Picsident shall forthwith, by ptoclamation. com-
mand such insurgents to disperse, and return peaceably to
their respective abodes, within a limited time.'-'
I think there are very few, if any, Senators
here, who would claim that under that act, if there
had been no further legislation, the President of
the United States would have been authorized to
order the militia of any State of the Union into a
State or Territory, unless for the purposes speci-
fied in that act. He would have power, having
thus been authorized by Congress, to call forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
pressinsurrection,andrepelinvasion—how? The
mode in which he was to do that was specified in
the act. In the first place, after having been called
on by the Governor or Legislature of a State, he
was to issue his proclamation as President of the
United States, stating the reasons why he had
resorted to this measure. Then, after having or-
dered the militia into any State, the law expressly
provided that he should retain them there for no
longer than the space of thirty days after the next
meeting of Congress. So jealous were theframers
of that act of the powers of the Executive, that
even in the instances therein specified, the Pres-
ident was only permitted to use the militia for the
space of thirty days, and after all the prerequi-
sites mentioned in theacthad been complied with.
Then, in the year 1807, another act was passed,
under which tiio President of the United States
claims the power to keep the Army of the United
States, as heisat this time retaining them,in that
Territory, and as he tells us he will retain them,
until we admit Kansas as a State. What is that
act? My constituents saw fit to expostulate with
the President of the United States for using the
Armyforthe purpose, as they supposed,of crush-
ing the liberties of the people of Kansas. Now,
what authority had the President to use the Army
there at all ? The act of 1807 simply provides:
"That in all eases of 111=111 rection, or obstruction to the
laws eitlH'i of the United States or of any individual State
or Teintuiy, where it is lawful lor the President ol the
United Suite- meall (01th the militia for the purpose of sup-
pressing such in-mreetion, or of causing the laws to be duly
executed, it shall be lawlul for him to employ, for the same
pui po es, such part ol tile land 01 naval forces of the United
States as shall be judired necessary ; having fiist observed
all the piereqmsites of the law 111 that respect."
When might ho use the militia under the pre-
vious law? Could he use it at all 111 any Terri-
tory? There is not a word said in the Constitu-
tion, or the law which was drafted in compliance
with it, in regard to a Territory; butin the second
act the word "Territory" is used, and itmaypos-
sibly be claimed by some that, by implication, the
President has power to use the regular Army 111
a Territory. I do not admit that such a power as
this can be granted to the President by implica-
tion; I say an express act of Congress must be
shown to authorize the Piesidentto use troopsin
that manner; but if any Senator is of opinion that !
implication is sufficient 011 which to iound this ]
authority, I take it the implication must follow |
the general act itself. If the President gets the j
| power by the use of the word " Territory," he
j must comply with all the prerequisites ot the
! former act; and, if the analogy of a Slate is to be
| carried into a Terntory, because of the use of the
j word " Territory," then he is to act in a Tern-
| tory precisely as he would in a State. If he has
! power to order troops into a Territory, he has
1 power to order them there as he would 111 a State,
and in 110 other wise. If lie has any power at all,
under this law, as to a Territory, he has it pie-
cisely as he has it in regard to a State; and he is
bound to comply with all the requisites, prerequi-
sites, and postrequisites, in regard to his employ-
ment of the troops required in any State of this
Union. His power is 110 greater in a Territory
than in a State.
That, I think, must be admitted by every Sen-
ator who claims that there is this power by im-
plication. If there is a grant, it is a grant con-
fined to the powers the President had in a State.
Now what could he do in a State? In certain
cases he might use the militia in a particular man-
ner; but he could retain them there only for the
period of thirty days after the next meeting of
Congress. There was the limit of his power; and
he may use the regular Army in the same man-
ner, having complied with all the prerequisites.
I do not claim that the President of the. United
States has not a right to station or quarter troops
in Kansas. That is not the question. The ques-
tion is whether he has the right to order the troops
of the United States into the Territory of Kansas
for the purpose which he has himself avowed.
What is that purpose ? The act of Congress au-
thorizes him to use the Army for the purpose of
executing the laws of the Union; for the purpose
of suppressing insurrection; for the purpose-of
repelling invasion. But what has he done ? He
tells us—he tells the gentlemen of Connecticut
who wrote to him on the subject—that he has or-
dered troops into Kansas, not for the purpose of
repelling invasion, not for the purpose of sup-
pressing insurrection, not for the purpose of ex-
ecuting the laws of the Union* but for the purpose
of protecting the polls " as a posse comitatus," as a
measure of " precaution,"hesays. Did the Con-
gress of the United States intend to give to the
President precautionary powers in regard to the
preservation of the peace by the use of the regular
Army ? Has he a right to judge for himself as
to when there is a probability that the laws may
be violated ? And it' he sees reason to suppose that
at any time the laws may be violated, or an elec-
tion precinct disturbed, has he a right, as a pre-
cautionary measure, withoutcomplying- with any
of the prerequisites mentioned in the statute, with-
out waiting for a requisition from the Governor,
or for a call from anybody, to send the Army into
any State or Territory to guard the polls ?
The Senator from Georgia told, us the other day,
in rather striking language, that liberty preserved
by regular troops is not worth preserving. I am
rather inclined to think that the freedom of elec-
tions in the States of this Union, preserved by
regular troops sent by the President of the United
States as a measure of precaution, is scarcely
worth preserving. What has he done? Wc have
before us, (it was laid on our tables this morning,
and I then saw it for the first time,) a document
containing some particulars with regard to the
manner in which that posse comitatus was em-
1 ployed by General Harney, eminent as I admit
j him tobe'in his military capacity. It seems that
011 the 3d of October, 1857, this order was sent to
I Captain Ilendrickson:
j 11 EA.D QUARTERS TltOOPS SERVING IX KANSAS,
; Fort Leavenworth, October 3, 1657.
Captain: By special orders* No. 85, from these head-
; quarters, of this date, you are instructed to proceed, in com-
mand of companies A and H, 6th infantry, to the town of
' Kickapoo, 10 be in time for the opening of the polls at the
ensuing election in that place, on the 5th instant.
You are further instructed by the genoial commanding to
report your force, upon your arrival at Kickapoo, to tile
pioper civil authorities, to act as a posse comitatus in the
execution of such orders as may be deemed proper to give
you in that capacity.
Befoie leaving this post you will report to his excellency
the Governor for certain instructions he is desirous ot giving
to you concerning the above civil duties. After the election
ih over, you will retuin with your command to this post,
unless detained by the proper civil auihouties for a longer
period.
I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. PLEASONTON,
Captain 2d Dra°oons, A, Ass. Adjutant General.
Captain Thomas IIendrickson,
Qth Infantilis Fort Leavenworth3 K. T.
Mr BENJAMIN. Where is that to be found ?
Mr. DIXON. On page 128 of the second vol-
ume of the message and accompanying docu-
ments for 1857-8. £ deny that the President of
the United States had any right to send a body
of the regular force of this country to Kickapoo,
or any other place, as a precautionary measure
for the purpose of protecting the polls. I will
not now allude to what took place at Kickapoo.
There were three hundred voters in that small
town, and they gave one thousand votes under
the auspices of the regular troops of the United
States. The polls were pretty thoroughly pro-
tected on that occasion. But, not to allude to
that, admitting that everything there was fair and
honest, nobody claims that there was any out-
break; nobody claims that there was any danger
i of tin outbreak. It was a place where the free-
i State men had no strength; it was a place where
the vote was almost wholly on the other side.
1 But to drop that point, and not to dwell on it at
all I say the President of the United States had
no power under the Constitution, or under the
law, as a precautionary measure, to send troops
to that point for the purpose of guarding the polls. .
General Harney, in a letter to Mr. Floyd, Secre-
tary of War, says:
" Headquarters Troops serving in Iyaksas,
Fort Leavenworth, October 11, 1857.
" Sxe • i have the honor to report, for the information of
the Department, that the general election in this Teriitorj.
which took place on the 5th and 6lh instant, lias passed oil
very quietly, no disturbance or tumult having occurred at,
any ol the polls which have been heard from to mar the
peace of the Terntory.
