1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
everything the Clerk has ever paid in this matter,
and he has also said, that not as much as $1,100
has ever been paid, and that this form of saying
" refunding " is only put in to get authority to pay.
That is my information.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see that the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina can be re-
ceived at this stage. The amendment reported
from the Committee of the Whole is a proviso at
the end of the section. The Senator's present
amendment is in the body of the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote ought
certainly to be taken first upon the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole, and afterwards on
any amendment that may be offered to the bill.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say that I shall
vote for the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, and shall also vote for the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina, to perfect the
clause as far as possible; but I shall afterwards
move to strike out the entire section. I am satisfied
we shall never stop this abuse until we lay the ax
to the root of the tree. It now appears that, by
solemn joint resolution, by provisions in the ap-
propriation bill, in every manner in which Con-
gress could speak, they have determined that a
stop should be put to these extra allowances, and
yet a resolution is offered in one House and the
other at the end of the session, and is passed, and
we go to the next year, and some gentleman rises,
like the Senator from Michigan, to tell us thatone
of our executive officers has paid the money, and
therefore we must indorse it. If the Clerk .of the
House of Representatives has paid this money in
obedience to an order of the House, and in viola-
tion of aivact of Congress, let us have a bill for
his relief; let it go to the Committee on Claims;
let his accounts be investigated; and whatever he
has paid in good faith, I am willing to refund.
But, sir, I am satisfied that Congress may offer
twenty per cent., fifty percent., one hundred per
_cent., and we shall never stop these extra allow-
"ances until we strike out the whole thing, and let
the Clerk and every other accounting officer know
that Congress will not indorse it in any shape and
in any form. Therefore, while I say I shall vote
for these amendments lest my motion shall not
carry, I shall feel it my duty, at the end, to move
to strike out the entire section.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move that the Senate
adjourn. [" Oh, no!"]
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have settled all the
difficult matters of the bill. I should like to look
into this a little further. I am not certain about it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jipril 21, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. B. Edwards, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report,
accompanied by a bill, from the select committee
on printing, for the purpose of reference.
Mr. MORGAN. X suppose there will be no
objection to it, if the minority report is also al-
lowed to be presented.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I also desire to
ask that the views of the minority, to be presented
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] be
also received and printed.
No objection being made,
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the select
committee on printing, reported a bill to provide
for the public printing, binding, engraving, lith-
ographing, and electrotyping; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that the
views of the minority of the committee, to be pre
sented by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nich-
ols,] be also ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BOYCE. I rise to a privileged question
I move to take up the report of the committee in
the Nebraska contested-election ease. I ask the
Clerk to read that report.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Is this a special
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Then how does
the gentleman call it up ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Is it a privileged ques-
tion during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It is, at any time.
The Clerk then read the report of the commit-
tee, which is as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred the
memorial of Bird B. Chapman, contesting the right of the
Hon. Penner Ferguson to a seatm the House of Represent-
atives of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, as a Delegate from ihe
Territory of Nebraska, submit as a special report:
That the election out of which this contest arises was
held in August last, and the result of the said election was
not officially announced until the 3d day of September fol-
lowing; that the contestant gave notice to the sitting mem-
ber, on the 16th day of September, of his intention to con-
test his right to a seat, and the response of the sitting
member to said notice, dated October 2, 1857, was served
oil the 10th day of that month on the contestant.
No notice of intention to take testimony was given by
the contestant unhl the 13th and 14th days of November,
when more than one half of the time allowed by law to take
the same had expired, nor until after the sitting member had
left the Territory for this city to enter upon the discharge of
his duties. The sitting member has made oatii that he
knew nothing of the testimony taken in this case until he
saw it printed in Miscellaneous Document No. 5, of this
House, and that he has had no opportunity to rebut and dis-
prove the same.
Your committee are of opinion that the sitting member
eried in not leaving an acknowledged attorney in the Ter-
ritory to look after the contest, of which he had been noti-
fied; and were the contestant and the sitting member alone
those who have an interest in its decision, your committee
might hesitate before coming to the conclusion to which
they have arrived. The question to solve is, not simply what
these parties have done or omitted to do, but what was the
expressed wish of the people of Nebraska, as between these
candidates, at their late election ? And what is a reasonable
time and indulgence, under the circumstances, to obtain
proof of that wish ?
As the contestant permitted more than one half of the
time allowed by law to elapse before commencing his proof,
he can have but little cause for complaintshould the period
for taking proofs be extended. And as the election has been
so recently held, and the contestee averring that he never
had any notice of taking testimony, your committee are of
opinion that justice to the contestee as well as to the people
of Nebraska requires that time be given to take further evi-
dence. They therefore recommend the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the parties, the contestant and contestee,
in this case, be allowed the further time of sixty days from
the passage ofthis resolution to take and return supplemental
testimony.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask that the answer of the
contestant may be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor. Does the gentle-
man from South Carolina yield ?
Mr. BOYCE. I do, for that purpose.
The answer of the contestant, Bird B. Chap-
man, was then read, and is as follows:
To the honorable Committee o f Elections of the House of
Representatives:
To the statement and affidavit made by Hon. Fenner
Ferguson, and to be found on pages 1 and 2 of House Mis-
cellaneous Document No. 19, the undersigned feels it his
right and duty to make the following answer, and to protest
against any further time being allowed to take testimony in
the case:
Page 1 of House Miscellaneous Document No. 5 shows
that, on the 16th day of September, 1857, eleven days after
the result of the election was determined, notice in writing
was personally given to said Fenner Ferguson of the inten-
tion of the undersigned to contest his seat; that page 3 of
said document No. 5 shows that, under date of October 2,
said Ferguson answered to said contestant's notice, and
which answer was served on this contestant by leaving the
same twelve days afterwards at his usual place of abode,
and while he was absent from the Territory. By referring
to said answer of sitting Delegate, it will be found strangely
or designedly to be a notice with date, but naming no local-
ity as ro where written or where the writer might be found
or addressed, or any agent or attorney representing him ;
and so far as this contestant was informed he might have
supposed him in his house or in some place about the Ter-
ritory, or having hastily fled from the Territory to avoid any
further notice being served upon him. Therefore, in giving
him further notices to take testimony, this contestant had
no other course to pursue than that pointed out by the law
proscribing the mode of obtaining evidence in cases of con-
tested 'elections, to wit: to cause copies of said notices to
be left at his usual place of abode, which was done, as ap-
pears by the affidavits of James W. Daskam and Loren P.
Waldo, jr., to be found on pages 8 and 9 of said document
No. 5, and which more fully appears by the depositions of
Loren P. Waldo, jr., and George L. Sites, now in posses-
sion of your committee.
To the fifth allegation of said Ferguson, found on pages
1 and 2 of House Miscellaneous Document No. 19, that his
friends appeared and volunteered to cross-examine wit-
nesses produced by Mr. Chapman and were refused, &c., 1
have to say that I did object to said cross-examination, be-
cause the person asking said privilege declared at the time
he was not the agent or attorney of said Ferguson, (see
depositions of Nicholas and Daskain, pages 26 and 29, Docu-
ment No. 5,) and because T knew him to"he one of the per-
sons who had perpetrated one of the frauds F had charged
in the election ; and, further, because at the same time he
asked the privilege of cross-examination he accompanied it
withatlueat that, unless he was thus permitted, certain
Mormon witnesses I had suhpctiacd would not testify, nnd
which threat was carped out, (see pages 26 and 29 of said
Document, No. 5;) and, further, because that f had been
informed by one Silas A. Strickland that he was tho attor-
ney of said Ferguson, and should so act in this case; and it
will appear by House Miscellaneous Document No. 17,
pages 3 and 4, that on the 3d December, 1857, seven days
after the close of taking of testimony in my behalf, said Silas
A. Strickland, as attorney of said Fenner Ferguson, and in
my absence from the Territory, caused nonce to he left at
my usual place of abode, in Omaha City, as attorney of said
Ferguson, to proceed, on the 14th of the same month, to take
the testimony of eighteen persons in the deiense of said
Ferguson's right to his seat, and on the day named did pro-
ceed to take testimony, as will appear by said Document No.
17.
Contestant, therefore, in view of the above facts, and of
the trouble and expense he has been to, and that, too, in
strict accordance with the law, claims the privilege of an
early hearing, and that without the delay of sixty days, and
more especially as he is not aware of any formal application
for delay, accompanied with any reasons therefor, having
been made by either party in the case. He further asks that
this statement, with the depositions of Loren P. Waldo, jr.,
and George L. Sites, now in the hands ot the committee, be
.printed.
Respectfully submitted, B. B. CHAPMAN.
February, 1858.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, the question for
the House to determine at this time, is as to the
extension of time to take testimony.
The facts bearing upon this point, as I con-
ceive them, are few and uncontroverU-d. They
are substantially.as follows: The election out of
which this contestation arises took place in Au-
gust, 1857; the result of the election was officially
announced September 3, 1857; the contestant,
Hon. Bird B. Chapman, gave notice of contest on
the 16th of September, and the response of the
sitting Delegate to said notice was served on the
contestant October 2,1857; notice of intention to
take testimony was given by the contestant on the
13th and 14th of November, 1857, by leaving a
notice at the alleged " usual abode" of the sitting
Delegate, after the said sitting Delegate had left
the Territory for Washington, to enter on the dis-
charge of his duties. The sitting Delegate states,
under oath, that he had no knowledge of the no-
tice alleged to have been given as above men-
tioned, nor any knowledge of the testimony taken
by the contestant, until after the meetingof Con-
gress. There is no allegation of actual notice to
the contestant of the intention of the contestee to
take testimony. The question, then, is as to the
effect to be given to the notice left at the supposed
" usual abode." To a just understanding of this
'point, attention is called to the notice left at the
supposed " usual abode,''' and the affidavit of the
sitting Delegate.
The notice is as fallows:
I hereby certify that I have, this 13th day of November,
1857, at the hour of eleven o'clock, a. m., dehveied to
Andrew Sagendorf, at the usual place of abode of Hon.
Fenner Ferguson, in Bellcvue, Nebraska Territory, a copy
of the foregoing notice, directed to " Hon. Fenner Ferguson,
his agent, or his attorney, Bellevue, Nebraska Territory,"
and indorsed on the outside of the envelope in these words,
namely: " the enclosed i& a notice to Hon. Fenner Fergu-
son of the intention of Bird H. Chapman to take testimony
in the case of contest of Btrd B. Chapman vs. Fenner Fer
guson." JAMErf W. DASKAIN.
Sworn to before ELEAZER WA'KELBV,
«Associate Justice of Supreme Court.
The affidavit of the sitting Delegate is as fol-
lows:
District of Columbia, City of Washington, ss :
Fenner Ferguson being duly sworn, deposes and says,
that he is the sitting Delegate from the Territory of Ne-
braska in the House of Representatives of the United States,
and that his seat is contested by Hon. Bird B. Chapman ;
that by House Miscellaneous Document No. 5, he learns
that said Chapman has taken certain depositions and affi-
davits in said matter of contest; that this deponent never
had any knowledge or notice of the taking of any deposi-
tions until after the first day of December last, when he
learned by letter that Mr. Chapman had been taking depo-
sitions in Nebraska for the purpose of being used m said
contest.
This deponent further says, that he left Nebraska on the
18th day of September last, and has not returned smee ;
that previous to leaving, he rented his dwelhng-houseto
Silas A. Strickland, for the term of one year, from the 20th
day of September last; that he is informed by Mr. Strick-
land, and believes that said Strickland entered into the pos-
session of said dwelling house in September last, and con-
tinues to occupy and possess the same.
And this deponent further says, that he does not know by
what right Andrew Sagendorf was at said dwelling-house
on the 13th day of November last, or at any other time; that
when this deponent left Nebraska said Sagendorf was re-
siding on his farm or claim, some nine or ten miles trom
deponent's dwelling-house; that this deponent never, in any
matter, authorized said Sagendorf to act for hun as agent, at-
