em--
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 9,
to save the Union*, but when they are told that
their brethren of the South demand of them that
thet should relinquish an agreement and compact
made over thirty years ago on this subject, or
that the Union must come to an end, they have
nothing to say on the subject. I think they de-
sire their representatives here to vote as they think
duty ought to prompt and dictate, without paying
any regard to intimations of that kind. Certainly
X intend to do so. I intend to follow nobody's
lead here. Something has been said m regard to
leaders, and how certain Senators intend to vote.
I intend, as one, to vote m accordance, as I un-
derstand them, with the views of my constituents,
in connection with, and most \fillingly under the
lead of, my colleague, [Mr. Foster,] and under
the lead of nobody else. Other Senators may speak
for themselves/ I propose to speak for myself.
But, sir, 1 can see no reason why the President
should imagine that so dark a cloud now hangs
over us. Suppose we should not at this time
admit Kansas with the Lecompton constitution;
and suppose,upon the whole, it should be thought
best-to adopt the resolutions which were offered by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the
consideration of which has been voted down at
this- time, and make further inquiry—and all we
ask is-inquiry; suppose the Senate of the United
States should conclude, on the whole, that it is
best to investigate this subject, to ascertain whether
all the charges of fraud and violence are founded
in truth or not; is it not too trivial a cause for a
dissolution of the Union ? It seems to me almost
puerile, that the President of the United States
should come before us, and tell us that on this
question hangs the permanency of our institu-
tions. It cannot be, sir. Our institutions do not
hang on any s^ich feeble chain as that. They
hang on another chain. They hang on the golden
chain of mutual advantage. That is the chain on
which they arc suspended—the mutual advantage
of the different sections of this country. That I
believe will forever sustain the Union.
But, sir, wo are told that a pledge has been
given, and pledges are not to be violated. A
pledge, it seems, was made m 3854, and the peo-
ple of the northern States of the Union are now
violating a pledge' They are aggressive, and
they are violating pledges! Why, sir, the Union
newspaper, this morning, if I may allude to the
passing events of the day, spoke of a pledge made
in the year 1854 by the people of the United States
with regard to the question of slavery. I wish to
take this occasion to say, that instead of making
a pledge at that time not to violate the legislation
of 1834, the general feeling throughout the north-
ern States, so far as I know, was that they would
not be bound. There was a general protest. Your
old parties were broken up; it destroyed the. ves-
tiges, the fragments of all the old parties, with the
exception of the Democratic party; and I think
thatis pretty thoroughly demoralized by this time.
There was great excitement at that time on the
subject, instead of making a pledge for that pur-
pose, there was another pledge made. There was
a determination expressed that the territory in-
cluded within the compromise of 18:20, winch had
then been ceded to freedom, which belonged to
freedom by every title, human and divine, should
never, with the consent of the people of the North,
be converted into slave territory, it was free
then; it had been declared free by the acts of south-
ern men; their leading statesmen had acquiesced
in this disposition of the territory; it originated
with them; Mr. Calhoun had acquiesced in it;
Mr. Monroe and his whole Cabinet had acqui-
esced in it. The people of the North said we will
never be content that that tenitoiv shall be made
slave territory so long as we can prevent it. They
did not say that they would dissolve the Union
if it was done. I have never heard any threats
of that kind. I do not understand that they now
propose to do so.
They propose to stand by the original agree-
ment. They do not ask you now to restore the
comprorruso of 1820. That of course is now out
of the question. They aska practical recognition
of it. That is their feeling; that is their desire;
they go that length; but still they are not only not
permitted to go that length, but they are not per-
mitted to go so far as to claim that the people of
the Territory of Kansas shall settle the question
for themselves. A large portion of the people
think that Congress never ought to admit Kansas
as a slave State under any possible circumstances;
but the course of events has changed the aspects
of the question. It is not now a question of that
kind; but it is, as I have already indicated, a ques-
tion as to whether the people of the Territory
shall be permitted to decide for themselves on this
question. I scarcely know of any difference of
opinion in that region of country on that point.
If this is persisted in; if it is insisted upon that
the people of that Territory shall not be permitted
to express their opinions, my-belief is that there
will be a unanimity on this subject at the North,
such as has never been witnessed on any question
before. It is not now merely a question of sla-
very; it is not so considered. There are hundreds
and thousands who care nothing about the ques-
tion of slavery, and never have taken much in-
terest in it, who do feel an interest in the question
whether the people of the Territory of Kansas
shall be permitted to say for themselves whether
slavery shall exist there. They see here a determ-
ination to force on that people a constitution which
they not only never have adopted, but which they
have rejected; and they believe that that ought to
be resisted to the end, and if need b.e to the bitter
end, however bitter that may be.
But, sir, I have no desire to occupy the atten-
tion. of the Senate further on the subject. I have
already trespassed further than I intended, and,
with my thanks to the Senate for their attention,
I will now close.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I rise for the pur-
pose of submitting a very few remarks on the sub-
ject-matter before the Senate, which, if I recollect
aright, is the " bill to increase the military estab-
lishment of the United States." If my memory
serves me correctly, the pending direct question
before the Senate is on the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Georgia to strike from the first
section of the bill all after the enacting clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigus in
the chair.) That is the pending question.
Mr. FOOT. It is my purpose, 1 will say here,
to discuss at full length the Kansas question, old
and hackneyed and thread-worn as it is, yet still as
the great absorbing question before the country,
when we shall have that subject before us on the
report of the Committee on Territories, to whom
it lias been referred for consideration and report.
But my purpose now is to address myself, for a
few moments, to the question immediately before
the Senate.
I shall vote for the proposition to strike out the
first section of the bill before us. The reasons
which will control my actions on this bill have
been very forcibly presented already by the hon-
orable mover of the pending amendment, and by
several other Senators. But, sir, 1 beg to state,
very briefly, for myself, the reasons which will
compel me to vote against this bill, whether the
first section shall be stricken out, or whether it
shall be retained.
I shall vote against any measure which looks
to a permanent increase of the military establish-
ment of the United States at the present time, and
simply for the reason, which, indeed, compre-
hends the whole argument of the case, that I am
unable to see any existing necessity for it; that I
am unable to see any possible occasion for it. An
Executive call for a permanent increase of the
military force of the country is an extraordinary
one, and requires always, for its justification,
some extraordinary occasion. It is made at an
extraordinary time, and is made, allow me to say,
sir, in an extraordinary manner; m that it is made
without the assignment of a single specific cir-
cumstance in the condition of the country which
renders it necessary; without assigning a single
specific reason for so doing.
Fortunately, we are at peace with all the world.
No speck of war with any of the nations of the
earth appears on our political horizon, and, in-
deed, it is not so pretended. The President of
the United States, in his recent annual message
to us, says that with all " other European Gov-
ernments except that of Spain, our relations are
as peaceful as we could desire." Against that
Government there are a few unadjusted claims in
behalf of American citizens,amounting in the ag-
gregate to something less than two hundred thou-
sand dollars In addition to that, there is the mat-
ter of difference between the two Governments
growing out of the'affair of the American steamer
Eldorado and the Spanish war frigate Ferralana,
on the high seas, off the coast of Cuba, in the
spring of 1855, wherein we complained of an in-
sult to our flag. But the President informs us in
the same message that he is about "to send a new
Minister to Spain with special instructions upon
all pending questions between the two Govern-
ments, and with a determination to have them
speedily and amicably adjusted, if possible."
There is no reason to doubt, I trust, but that these
questions of difference will be settled at an early
day, in a manner just and honorable to both Gov-
ernments. It is not quite time, therefore, as yet,
while these negotiations are in progress, to declare
that " warexists by the act of Spain;" and hcnce
it is not quite time yet to incur the heavy expends
ture of the proposed increase of the military es~-
tablishment of the United States in order to meet
so remote and improbable a contingency. And I
will say, in passing, that, possibly, we may ulti-
mately be able to obtain possession of Cuba at a
much cheaper rate than by such a process.
I take it for granted, then, that this call for an
enlargement of the military force of the country
is for no purpose of national defense against any
foreign or external foe. When acall shall be made
on us for men and money for such a purpose, I
trust I shall be as ready and prompt to vote them
as any one here. But so free are we from any
actual or threatened violence from abroad, that
we need not a single soldier for defense against
foreign aggression. We might, with entire safety,
so far as regards foreign invasion or encroachment,
disband our whole Army; and I think I would,
to-day, if the proposition were before us, vote to
reduce it to one half its present strength.
This call for a permanent increase of the mili-
tary establishment of the United States is unusual
and extraordinary, as being made in a time of pro-
found peace; and still more extraordinary as being
made in a time of a most severe monetary revul-
sion throughout the country and throughout the
business world; as being made in a time of wide-
spread and general depression in all the depart-
ments of industry through the country; when the
Government itself is on the very verge of bank-
ruptcy, and is obliged to meet its own immediate
and pressing obligations with paper promises;
when your national Treasury is well-nigh empty,
and when your revenues are falling far short of
your current civil expenses. In such a time as
this, sir, nothing can justify a call for an increase
of the military force of the country, and a corre-
sponding increase of the Government expendi-
tures, short of some great and pressing emergency
—nothing short of some imperious necessity.
Does such an emergency exist? Is anyone pre-
pared to say that any such necessity exists at the
present time ? Certainly it is not to be found in
any condition of our foreign relations.
Does it exist in any condition of our domestic
affairs? I respectfully submit and insist that it
does not. Is it demanded by any condition of
things now existing in Utah ? Not at all, in my
opinion. The present regular military force of
the country, at its maximum, is about eighteen
thousand men. One half, or one fourth—yea, sir,
one sixth part of this number is abundantly suf-
ficient, in my judgment, to suppress whatever of
disturbances, whatever of insurrection, or rebel-
' lion, or resistance to the constituted authorities of
! the country there may be in Utah, even if it be
j thought best and wisest to use the military arm
i of the Government to suppress insubordination
i among that people. But, in my judgment, Mr.
President, instead of sending the military troops
of the United States to put down the Mormon re-
bellion, as it is termed, it would be far better and
wiser, and more politic, to withdraw the forces
which have already been sent there; to recall your
civil officers; to withhold your appropriations
from that Territory. Leave them to themselves.
Let them alone, and they will make no trouble for
us. Let them alone, and they will let us alone.
Have nothing to do with them, and they will soon
cease to exist as a separate, organized community.
Have nothing to do with them, and they will fall
to pieces and dissolve of their own dissensions,
and their own intrinsic weakness
Sir, they are an ignorant, superstitious, and
misguided set of fanatics—an insane people, who
have been gathered up from all parts of the earth—
some of them from our own country; many more
from Germany and from among the mountains
of Wales and Scotland—and they are gathered
