1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2743
ten vessels, and ask the Senator to withdraw his,
and propose it as a separate scction.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Icannotdoit. We have
heard a great deal said about this being a war
measure. I think the best peace measure you can
possibly have is to make some preparations for
war. I want to be able to vote for the resolu-
tions of the distinguished Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] if I can; but I cannot vote for those
resolutions unless we do something practical. I
wish to go much further than he proposes, but I
am not willing to make any declarations here
that we will resist those aggressions unless we do
something. If you get some small increase in
the public defense, it will look as if yon were in
earnest. In England, when they are threatened
with a foreign war, they usually increase their
defenses; in the United States we are to pass res-
olutions. I wish to vote for the resolutions of
the Senator from Virginia, if I can; but, unless
couplcd with something practical, I am rather
ashamed to do it. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will adopt this proposition. It makes no dif-
ference, if it is a good measure, whether it is to
go on to the amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs or be kept separate. I must remind
the Senator from Florida that his colleague on
that committee, the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Hammond,] told us that the committee were
unanimously for this proposition, with the sin-
gle exception of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. If the Committee on Naval Affairs were all
lor it, except one, and might have reported it, it
might just as well go on here as anywhere else:
and I hope, therefoie, thdt he will withdxaw his
opposition and let it be put in.
Mr. MALL011Y. I had no opposition to it,
but would very much prefer that the proposition
should be offered as a separale amendment.
Mr. CLXNGMAN. No one knows better than
the Senator from Florida that tf I moved the ap-
propriation it would be ruled out of order. Let
it go in here: the Department can begin these
tilings, and I have no doubt they will find money
enough; or when Congress meets in December, if
they have not sufficient, we can make additional
appropriations. I hope, therefore, that he will
consent to let it go on. If it shall be adopted,and
the Senate then reject the amendment as amended,
I will move to reconsider, and disentangle them;
but I have no doubt if a majority of the Senate
vote for my proposition they will pass the whole
as amended.
Mr. HALE. I want to say, M r. President, to
let the Senate undoistand wheie we are, that I
shall propose, with the consent of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs of the Senate, this amend-
ment.
Foi the engine, machinal} .ordnance, and ordnance stored
A>r equipment and fitting toi sea of the United States frig-
ate Franklin, $J:)0,000.
If we are going to war, wc want some such
ships as that instead of gun-boats. I wish the
Senate to determine, because lfthey vote for these
gun-boats, tbev will probably not vote for the
Franklin. Having said that, I leave this matter
to them.
Mr. WILSON. I want simply to say, Mr.
President, that I have listened to-day to this de-
bate, and I think we have made ourselves su-
premely ridiculous. This talk about preparing
ourselves to go to war by constructing ten or
twenty little gun-boats, it seems to me is ridicu-
lous, and it is unworthy of the Senate, and of the
country.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; half a dozen.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask but one. I
understood the Senator the other day to bring
forward a pioposition advising the President to
go and seize those British ships. Does he be-
lies our present means sufficient to do so?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, I do.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We differ on that point.
I will ask the gentleman this farther question,
for I want to be enlightened. It is stated in the
papers, and 1 suppose truly, that the British have
three times the force in the Gulf that we have.
Of course, if our ships go there and commence
war on the Styx and Buzzuid, the other British
ships will not stand idly by. Does the Senator
believe oui ships so excellent, and our men so
bravej that we can with confidence rely upon
their capturing three times the force that is op-
posed to them ?
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, I will make an answer to
the question which the Senator puts. I heard
the Secretary of the Navy say on Saturday that
he had sent thirteen national ships into the Gulf,
so that the British have not such a disproportion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But I have seen the state-
ment of those thirteen, and the number of guns
they have; and it was stated that they were only
one thud the British force, and when war begins
there, we shall have guns at other points.
Mr. IVERSON. That was the statement he-
fore the additional force was sent by the Secre-
tary of the Navy. I apprehend now that our
force is quite equal to that of Great Britain.
Mr. WILSON. If the honorable Senator from
North Carolina will allow me—who, I am sorry
to say, has brought a groat deal of the habit of
the House of Representatives into the Senate, of
cross-questioning—I will go on and state what I
wish to say. I suppose we all wish to take these
boats. I have made up my mind to vote for the
proposition of the committee. I am willing to
vote any year for a small annual increase to the
naval force of the United States; but this is*a
proposition to build ten small vessels. I voted for
the proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire because I thought we had better, in the
present condition of the Treasury, vote for five of
these vessels, and I would be satisfied with that;
but the committee have proposed ten. It is a small
force anvhow, and I am willing to vote for it; but
I wish it to be distinctly understood that I do not
vote for it with reference at all to its being a war
measure.
I wish to say one thing further. We have heard
a great deal to-day about our weakness and the
strength of England. We heard this talk befoie
the war of 1812, and the Halls of Congress of
those days ran a: with the charges of our weak-
ness, and our inability to meet that Power. I
have none of this feeling whatever. I have no
fear of war. We have got guarantees on tins con-
tinent for peace. There arc three thousand square
miles of British territory north of us, and three
million people. Ye5?, sir; three thousand square
miles north of us, with three million people; and
in six months after a war commenced that would
be ours, and England knows it.
The Senator from Fiorida tells us that these
boats will be adapted to vindicate our flag; that
it has been dishonored beyond all measure by the
prostitution of it by pirates in the slave trade. I
am going to vote for the .proposition of the com-
mittee to furnish this Administration, this Fed-
eral Government, with shnj^adapted to vindicate
the flas; of our country, now prostituted by per-
sons engaged in the slave trade on the coast of
Africa, and on the shores of Cuba. When we
have given the Administration these ten small
sloops, this small power, that the chairman of
the comimttee tells us can be maintained forfiom
fifty to sixty thousand dollars upon the ocean an-
nually,! then want this Administration fo do v, hat
the honor of the country requires us to do—to sec
that the flag of the country shall no longer be
prostituted to that accursed and inhuman trnfhc.
Mr. MALLORY Allow me to oner the Sen-
ator information right here. It cosis us now to
keep a steam fugate afloat <974,000 per annum;
and it costs us, to keen a sailing frigate afloat,
$195.000 per an num. The difference is in the steam
mainly. The little Fulton would be about the size
of one of these small g>l^ps. We sail her for
#57,000per annum; and the offer' of building ten
vessels would be to enabV us to withdraw from
sea some of the large fngetes, of which there are
six, to withdraw four or five, having substituted
smaller at far less expense.
Mr. WILSON. I thank the chairman of the
committee for the information he has given us;
and I wish to say that, with this information, and
for the object of doing what we ought to do, fur-
nish the Government of this country with power,
and then command this Government to exercise
that power to preserve the flag of the country ftom
prostitution in the slave trade, 1 shall vote for this
measure for that purpose. I go further. When-
ever you require men, ships, or money, to defend
the flag of the country, whether assailed by Eng-
land or any other Power, my vote is for it; and I
shall not stop to ask whether we are prepared or
not, whenever that time comes, for plunging into
it, for I know how we shall come out of it. I have
no anxiety on that point; but I agree with the re-
mark made to-day by the Senator from Illinois
about this hue-anu-cry against these outrages in
the Gulf, that has been made in the Congress of
the United States, and in this country, and which
has ended in a proposition that I believe dishon-
orable to the American character and the Ameri-
can name, that we shall turn from the Power that
has insulted us, and authorize the President to
make war, if he chooses, on the poor and feeble
Republics south of us. I am opposed to that
scheme. The very thought of it has dishonored
this country more than all the insults our flag has
received from the guns of the British in the Gulf
of Mexico.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations are dishonorable to
the country.
Mr. WILSON. The bill, not the resolutions.
Mr. MASON. Then the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations is dishonorable to the
country. The country will understand that the
Senator from Massachusetts may have one sense
of honor, and the Committee on Foreign Relations
a different one. The report of the Committee on
Foreign Relations was intended to protect the
peace of the country, and at the same time preserve
its honor, both in the resolutions that have been
proposed and commented upon here, and the bill
which is intended for the protection of our inter-
est m the adjacent States of Central America.
Sir, the honor of the country is interested in
preserving its peace. War is the resort of bar-
I bansm or ruffianism. Peace is the result of civ-
:j ihzation and refinement. It is the great end that
| nations have attained m ages past; and the object,
i I trust, of that committee, was to preserve the
I peace of the country while it was protecting its
honor. I am notone of those,I confess, (and I had
the honor to report those resolutions,) who look
upon war as some Senators seem to look upon it
heio,as the only mode of preserving thehonorof
the country. There is another mode of preserving
our honor than by fighting; that may be the idea of
the Senator from Massachusetts. Sir, the honor
of this great nation, \v Inch, I trust, it will pursue,
is in its example, which it will set to the world,
to look upon war as the greatest evil that can be-
fall a country next to its degradation before a
foieign Power.
I regret to see Senators permit themselves to
go to the country, in this debate about peace and
war, upon this proposition, not to increase the
naval power for any purpose of war, but to in-
crease it for a peace establishment. It is the pleas-
ure of honoiable Senators to do so, and to do so
although, by formal vote, the Senate refused to
consider that very bill which Senators now per-
mit themselves to denounce; for I asked the Sen-
ate, on a former day, to take up the bill, that it
might be discussed, and the Senate refused to do
so. The honoiable Senator from Illinois has been
pleesed, in a very statesmanlike speech , certainly,
tbis morning, to say that it was setting the great
example of shunning and evading a war with a
great Power, England, and at the same time pre-
paring to go to war with the miserable Republics
upon our borders. He said that wc are making
warlike speeches here, (in which I think the hon-
orable Senator set the example, or has followed
the example,) in one breath, and in the next mak-
ing a miserable and puny declaration that, if
England insults us, a war with Mexico must be
the consequence—a statesmanlike vie w of the sub-
ject, I dare say, in the opinion which that honor-
able Senator may entertain of the manner m which
the honor of his country is to be preserved.
Mr. President, there are two propositions before
the Senate that came from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, both intended to protect the honor
of the country; the one, not making war upon
England because there is no causc for it—none,
none; yet—what may happen, we do not know—
one expressive of the sense of the Senate, that the
country will expect the result of the discussion,
now pending between this Government and Eng-
land, to put an end forever to that question; and
declarim:, as the sense of the Senate, if an end is
not put to it, that Congress will irive the President
power to put an end to it. Now, 1 am not at all
