2744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
aware that the honor of the country, more than
the honor of a gentleman, is involved in at once
considering, on every occasion, that he mustfight,
set an example to the world of a breach of the
peace in the relations of society, without giving
an opportunity to the adverse party, as was said
upon this floor the other day, either to avow or
disclaim. I am not aware that the honor of the
country is involved in that course. If it is, I con-
fess F am not one of those to espouse the honor of
the country at such a cost—a cost, not of money
alone, but of moral example and character in the
world.
The other is not a war measure in any sense
of the word any more than an order to one of
our majors general to take a part of the Army and'
protect the frontier from Indian depredations—not
one bit more; but entertaining, as I endeavor to
do, all proper respect for the Republics on our
borders in Central America, or in Mexico, I can-
not be unconscious—theirown experience shows
it—that, for some reason or other, which others
may be more competent to explain, they are ut-
terly incapable of self-government. Nearly two
generations have passed since 1824, when they
threw off what they called the yoke of Spain.
What has been their condition ever since ? Ut-
terly unable to maintain government at home; ut-
terly unable to protect the lives and fortunes of
their countrymen at home; and utterly unable to
protect the lives and the fortunes of persons who
go there. That is their condition.
I say, therefore, that this bill which has been
introduced is not for making a war upon those
Republics, but for doing for them what they are
incompetent to do for themselves, as far as we arc
concerned, protecting our people and commerce—
nothing more. I submit, then, to the honorable
Senator from Illinois, that when he seeks to throw
this reproach or stigma, whichever it may be,
upon the policy which those resolutions indicate,
_ or upon those who introduced them, as a purpose
" to avenge ourselves upon England by a war upon
Mexico', it is not altogether the mode of Heating
a subject of such serious character before tlie Sen-
ate. " Sir, I will tell the honorable Senator, if the
day should come, or the necessity should arise
when we should pre pare ourselves for a war against
England, I presume ho will find no Senator on
ibis floor behind him in that preparation, or in
the action that may follow it, and yet wo make
no boast of it.
He instanced the case in 1839, upon which ho
has modeled a bill to supersede that reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations. What was
llie case there? The ease was this: them was a
part of the territoi y of Maine in dispute between
Maine and New Brunswick, and, by a general
assent not expressed by convention, it was agreed,
as we understood, that, until the actual condition
of lliat disputed territory should be arranged be-
tween the two Powers, England and the United
States, matters should lemain in statu quo; neither
party should assume or exercise greater jurisdic-
tion than it had, up to that time, assumed or ex-
ercised. A British force was marched into the
tenitory and seized three citizens of Maine, two
of them officers of the State government of Maine,
and cariied them as prisoners of war into New
Brunswick; and when their release was demand-
ed, upon the part of the State of Maine, befoie
ihu Federal Government intervened at all, the an-
swer given by the Lieutenant Governor of the
Province, who was major general of the army,
and who commanded the whole force, was, that
those men weie accused of offenses higher than
theoidinarvgradeof municipal offenses; that they
were considered by the law of England as State
offenders; and that he could not release them until
he had orders fionr England to do it. Maine then
took measures, like a gallant State, as she is, to
inarch an army into the disputed territoi y. Stie
sent there six or seven hundred men,and was in-
creasing them every day, when she received an
admonuion, from the same Lieutenant Governor
and major general, that unless that army was
immediately removed, his orders from his Gov-
ernment were peremptory to remove lt^by force,
and take possession of the territory. That was
the condition of things under which this law
passed. Congress was about to adjourn. It was
at, the short session, the end of Febi uary, and
Congress passed a law, withouta dissenting voice
in the Senate, and but six in the House of Rep-
resentatives, placing the Army and Navy, with
|10,000,000, at the disposal of the President, to
protect American citizens upon the territory in
dispute, which we claimed.
The honorable Senator says that the same case
has arisen now. Why, sir, if he is right, we would
never have a collision upon the sea, you would
never have any unexplained cause from any quar-
ter, that the honorable Senator would not advise
the whole public force of the country to be placed
in the control and at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, with the Treasury to back him. If that is
his reasoning, 1 regret very much to say, with the
entire respect which I entertain for him, I hope he
will have very few followers. He would jeopard
the peace and jeopard the honor of the country
with him. Not an accidental collision mightarise
at sea or elsewhere with any foreign Power, be-
fore it was explained, that he would not place at
the discretion of the President, the war-making
power, with the Army and Navy to back him. I
say, if that is the policy of the honorable Senator,
I trust he will find very few who will follow him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 concur entirely with the
Senator from Virginia in the reasons he has given
for the necessity of applying the provisions of the
biH which he has reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, as a substitute for one I intro-
duced, to Mexico, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and
New Granada; but I do not perceive the necessity
of limiting the application to those countries, and
not extending it beyond them. If his objection
be true that my proposition was to confera war-
makingpoweruponthe President, then,by apply-
ing the whole power of these provisions to Mexico,
and the other three countries, he confers a war-
making power to that extent. I suppose, if it is a
violation of principle to give the President a war-
making power as applied to one country, it is no
more so to give it to him generally. The objection
I hud to his provision was this: I had introduced a
. bill to authorize the President, in cases of flagrant
i violations of the law of nations, under circum-
stances admitting of no delay, to repel and pun-
ish the aggression. The Senator fiom Virginia
takes the provisions of that hill and indorses them
as to four feeble,crippled Powers, and omits the
very country that is now committing outrages
upon our flag and our shipping. I had introduced
a bill, general in its provisions, applicable to Eng-
land, France, Spain, Mexico, Central America,
South America—everywhere where there were
flagrant violations upon our flag, under circum-
stances ndiniunigof no delay.
Mr. MASON. Will the'Senator allow me to
interrupt htm for a moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. _Ce/ainly; with great pleas-
Mr. MASON. TTasrthfi Senator remarked the
difference between the causes of quarrel existing
between Great Britain and the United States and
those existing between these Republics of Central
America and Mexico, and the United States?
Great Britain has certainly committed, or those
in command of her armed vessels have committed,
high offenses against this country. But we are
utterly uninformed whether those arc avowed or
disavowed, whether reparation will be extended
or refused on the part of that Government. The
matter is open for explanation and renunciation.
That is our position with England. What is our
relation with Mexico? What is our relation with
Nicaragua, and those States ill that neighbor-
hood ? Our people are taken by the Government
forces within the territory of Mexico and impris-
oned, and are imprisoned at this hour? AtTam-
pico, one of her sea-ports, from the decrepitude of
the Government it is unable to protect our people
when they go there. They have been seized and
imprisoned within the last sixty days,and stripped
of their property, which has been confiscated with
a knowledge that the Government of Mexico is
too feeble to extend redress. I say the measure
reported by the committee is not to make war
upon Mexico. It is only to do for Mexico what
Mexico is bound to do herself. That is the whole
of it. I submit to the honorable Senator, as I
cheerfully submit to the country, whether the one
bill is not properly authorized in morals towards
those Governments of Central America and Mex-
ico, when, if it were done m like manner toward
England for the purpose of plunging us into war,
it would be an offense unpardonable in the legis-
lative power ? Such is my judgment.
wn cuizens uuiuau.
Then, sir, what is the point of complaint ? The
oint at issue is, that Great Britain is searching
Mr. DOUGLAS. I repeat that I agree with the
Senator from Virginia that there was abundant
cause for the application of the power which I
proposed to confer, with reference to Mexico,
Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and New" Granada. I
agree, also, that the conferring of that power was_
not a war power, but a peace measure. The Sen-'
ator does not consider it a war power; I do not
consider it a war power. If it is not a war power
with reference to them, it is not a war power when
applied to other countries. Hence the very fact
that he acknowledges that it is not a war power
when applied to the countries to which he pro-
poses to apply it, is an admission that it would
not be a war power if it were made applicable to
England, unless we are to understand that we are
to apply one rule to a weak Power, and another
to a strong Power. I do not understand that to
be the rule. The measure that 1 have proposed
with reference to these difficulties has been a
measure of peace. I intended the one which I
brought forward, for which the Senator from Vir-
ginia has introduced a substitute, adopting the
same measure, but limiting its application, as a
peace measure. It ought to exist in time of peace.
It only confers on the President of the United
States, outside of the limits of the Republic, that
power which the Chief Magistrate of every other
nation does already possess; it is only putting our
Executive, in the vindication of the rights of
American citizens abioad, on an equality with the
Chief Magistrate of every other nation on earth.
If it is not a dangerous power in the hands of all
the Kings, all the Prime Ministers, all the Pres-
idents of Republics outside of the United States,
I apprehend that it cannot be deemed a very dan-
gerous one to be exercised by the President of the
United States on other people, and not upon our
own citizens abroad.
Tt
point £ _
our vessels. The Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions agreed unanimously that she had no right
to do it; that the practice of the right of search
was a belligerent right; that it was an invasion
of our sovereign rights; that we could never sub-
mit to it, and would never submit to it. Having
resolved that far, the committee being unanimous
to that extent, there was a difference of opinion
as to how much further we should go. One side
resolved that we will "not submit to it; the other
side so resolved, with a provision that, if it should
be done again, we would repel it. That is all
there is in the case. If it is right to resolve not
to submit to it, it is a point of honor to repel the
aggression when it is repeated. I ask if we are
not disgraced as a nation; if, after resolving that
it is a belligerent act, that it is an infraction of our
sovereignty, that we will never submit to it, we
then refuse to authorize the President to repel the
insult if it bo repeated. That is the whole point.
I desire, instead of bringing forward a substitute
for the Senator's resolutions, to give the President
power and authority to carry out the assertion
which the Senator from Virginia, as chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, has made.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
a question, if he will allow me?
.Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask where it is
declared, either by the committee or the Senate,
to be a belligerent act?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations so declares it, I
think.
Mr. COLLAMER. That report has been pre-
sented to the Senate, but it has never been acted
upon as yet. I wish to ask the Senator one more
question; whether he regards the word " belli-
gerent" as applying to a nation, and whether a
belligerent act is a national act ? If this is a bel-
ligerent act, and is a national act, we should de-
clare war.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It does not follow that for
every belligerent act we shall declare war. ^ The
Senator from Virginia, in his report, as chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, quoted
Chief Justice Marshall to show that the practice
of the right of search was a belligerent act. All
belligerent acts do not necessarily produce war.
You may repel them, you may grant letters of
marque and reprisal—there are various remedies
short of war for repelling and redressing belli-
gerent acts. It does not follow, by any means,
