1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Pending the call,
Mr. BOCOCK stated that Mr. Garnett being
called home upon very important business, had
paired off upon all contested-election cases, and
upon the Kansas question, with Mr. Hickman;
and upon the question of the admission of Min-
nesota, with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that Mr. Horton had
been called home on important business, and that
he (Mr. Nichols) had paired him off with Mr.
Ktokel, of Maryland,until a week from next
Thursday.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Phillips; and it was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the resolution as amended,
Mr. HUGHES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Bennett, BiHmghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bhss, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Brayton, Caskie, Chapman,
John B. Clark, Clawson, Clemens, Cockerill, Comma, Cor-
ning, Covode, Cragin, James Craig, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dewart, Dick, Durfee, Etlmundson,
Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gid-
dings, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood,
Gregg, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Howard,
Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Keliy,
Knapp, Landy, Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen,
Miles, Miller, Millson, Morgan, Isaac N. Moms, Murray,
Nihlaek, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Phillips, Potter, Reilly, Robbing, Roberts, Royce, Searing,
Aaron Shaw, Spinner, Talbot, Tappan, George Taylor,
Thayer, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Ward, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, White, Whiteley, Wood-
son, and Augustus It. Wright—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Branch, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Burnett, Burroughs, Case, Ezra Clark, Clingman,
Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Cox, Crawford, Curry,
Curtis, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Dawes,
Dean, Dowdell, Fenton,Gartrell,Goode,Groesbeck, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard,
Houston, Hughes, Iluyler, Jackson, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Lawrence, Leiter, Letch-
er, Maynard, Montgomery, Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman ft. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Pettit, Pike,
Pottle, Purvianee, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Kieaud,
Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw,
John Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stall-
worth, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, Miles Taylor,
Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Waldron, Walton, Warren,
Wilson, Wmslow, Wood, Wortendyke, John V. Wright,
and Zollicofler—85.
So the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BOYCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before my motion
is put, I offer the usual resolution to close the de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the Military Academy appropri-
ation bill, in thirty minutes after the committee
shall resume Us consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. I object. Has the gentleman
a right to offer that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has.
Mr. STANTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not commenced.
Mr. STANTON. Solsupposed. There has
been no morning hour, and no morning business.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is voted down, will not
the bill of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] be the first business in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business
in order if the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union fails.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I could not hear
the point made by the gentleman from Vermont.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont desired that the House should proceed to
the consideration of the business of the morning
hour.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. My motion is in
Order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion is
in order.
The resolution to close debate was adopted.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
RESOLUTIONS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to present joint resolu-
tions of the General Assembly of Virginia, for
reference ?
Mr. 3. GLANCY JONES. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LETCHER then, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the General As-
sembly of Virginia, for a final settlement of half
pay to officers of the revolutionary war; which
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
REFERENCE TO COURT OF CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Doctor Freder-
ick Seigle be withdrawn from the files of the House and re-
ferred to the Court of Claims.
RESOLUTIONS OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts in relation to the Dred Scott decision;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KNAPP, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Massachu-
setts in relation to Kansas; which were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
SETTLERS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of settlers on certain lands in the
State of Illinois; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I send up a
resolution asking for information, to which I sup-
pose there will be no objection.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I cannot yield
further. I must insist on my motion.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The question was taken; and Mr. J. Glancy
Jones's motion was agreed to—ayes one hundred,
noes not counted.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Seward
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
House bill (No. 62) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1859.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment offered yesterday by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to strike out the ninth, tenth, and eleventh
lines, as follows:
—" ninety-four thousand eight hundred and eiglity-eix dol-
lars.
" For pay of eight professors at the Military Academy,
$16,000."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
—om> hundred and twelve thousand eight hundred and six
dollars.
So as to make the clause read:
" Foi pav of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
$•112,000."'
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
this amendment, as I understand it, is made ne-
cessary in consequence of the construction given
to the act of the last Congress increasing the pay
of the commissioned officers of the Army. This
is the language of that act:
"That from and after thf. commencement of the present
fiscal year the pay of every cwiimisHmird officer of the
Army, including military Morckot-per*, shall he increased
twenty dollar-- per month, and that the commutation price
of officers' subsistence shall be thirty cents per lation."
Now, sir, there are eight professors at the Mil-
itary Academy, whose annual salary is fixed by
law at $2,000; and by a construction at the De-
partment upon the act which I have just read, it
is held and consideied that these professors are
commissioned officers in the Army of the United
States, and are entitled to this increased compen-
sation of twenty dollars per months The part of
the bill which it is proposed to strike out appro-
priates $16,000 for the salaries of these eight pro-
fessors. The additional sum in the amendment is j
required under the construction given to that act j
at the Department. I
I merely wish to say that I do not approve of
this construction of the law; I do not believe my-
self that the professors of that academy are com-
missioned officers of the Army. They have no
position in the line; they are attached to no corps
or regiment. I think that the bill, as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means is right, and
thSt the construction given to the law of last ses-
sion is wrong.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will state the facts as I under-
stand them. On the 3d of March, 1857, Congress
passed a law providing for an increase of twenty
dollars a month to the pay of the commissioned
officers of the United States Army. The ques-
tion, shortly after, came up in the Comptroller's
office whether the professors at West Point were
technically commissioned officers. There was
a doubt on the subject. The matter was investi-
gated, and it was then ascertained that they were
held to be commissioned officers under the opin-
ions of Mr. Wirt, a former Attorney General, Mr.
Berrien, another Attorney General, and the Sec-
retary Qf War. The money was paid to them
under that state of the case during the last iisca;
year. The question again came up before the
Committee of Ways and Means at this session,
and before these facts were known to that com-
mittee, and this bill was reported with the item
for this extra pay for these professors left out.
Immediately afterwards, by letter, I called on the
Department for the information which it had on
the subject, and I received in reply what I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read:
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washington, December 21, 1857.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of the
chief engineer, in answer to your letter of the 15th instant,
inquiring whether any of the professors employed at the
Military Academy are commissioned officers of the Army ;
and, if so, that the character of their duties be designated.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
Hon. J. Glancy Jones, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Engineer Department,
Washington, December 19, 1857.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the reference to
this office of the letter of Hon. J. Glancy Jones, chairman
ofthe Committee of Ways and Means, dated the 15th instant,
asking whether any of the professors employed at the Mil-
itary Academy are commissioned officers of the Army; and
if so, that they be designated, with the character of their
duties.
Understanding the object of the question to be to ascertain
whether any of the professors of the academy hold commis-
sions in Hie line of thf Army in addition to their commis-
sions as professors, I reply iri the negative. Such of them
as held line commissions when appointed projessors having
vacated tliein.
AH the professors are, however, commissioned officers
of fhe Army m virtue of their present commissions, having
been recognized as such by the"decisions of several Secre-
taries ot War, an Attorney General, and a Comptroller oi
the Treasury, and are entitled, under these def^ion*, to the
allowances gianted by law to other commissioned officers
of the Army. The letter of Mr. Jones is returned here-
with.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II. («. WRIGHT,
Captain of Knuineent, m charge.
Hon. John B. Floyi>, Secretary oj War.
War Dep * r tmfnt,
Washington, Dc< embei HO, 1857.
Sir : In answer to your letter of itie 22d instant, inquir-
ing in behalf of the Committee of Way?, and Mean'- whether
any payment-? have been made since the eoiumeTicementof
the (Wal year J857, to any of the prole.^sore at the Military
Academy, under the provision** ot the act entitled u An act
to increase the pay of officers of the Army," approved Feb-
ruary 21, 18,17 ; and, if so, by what authority Mich payments
were made r
1 have the honor to transmit herewith a repot t of the Pay.
master General, winch contains the information deMiod by
y on
Very reaper tfullv, vnur obedient -ervant,
JOIIN H. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
Hon. J. Glancy Joni,s, Chairman Committee oj Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Paymaster General's Office,
December 30, 1857.
Sir t I have the honor to return the letter of the Hon. J.
Glancy Jones, of'the 22d instant, and to report thereon.
The professors in the Military Academy receive the in-
crease of pay granted bv the act of Febtuary 21,1857, to
" commissioned officers of the Army," hy authority of the
"Regulations of the Army,5' published by the late Admin-
istration, and now in force, (see Army pay-table, general
regulations, page 293,) and of your decision of the 13th of
May, affirming this regulation as according to law.
The old regulations decided tn like manner the like ques-
tion, arising under the act of July 5, J838. to wit: that the
profes^ord receive the ration for five yeait-5 service, gianted
by that act to " commissioned officers of the line or ^
This conduction of the actoflt&y was in accordance with
