1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
ject, now on the files of the House, be withdrawn
and referred to the same committee.
The SPEAKER. That can be done under the
rules.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
gent of the House, m this same connection, to
have referred to the same committee the bill upon
this subject which whs reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs daring the last Congress. I
merely desire to get it before the committee.
No objection being made,
Mr. CLINGMAJN introduced the bill to which
he referred, beins; " A bill to execute the treaties
of 1817 and 1819 with the Cherokees, by making
provision for the reservations under the same;"
which was read a first and sceond time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOWDELL,by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint memorial of the Legislature of
Alabama to the Congress of the United States,
asking that the city of Montgomery, in said State,
be constituted a port of entry,and that a building
be constructed for a custom-house, court-house,
and post office; which was referred,the first part
to the Committee on Commerce, and the last part
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
CONDUCT, ETC., OF LATE DOORKEEPER-
Mr. JENKINS, from the select committee to
inquire into the accounts, &.c., of the late Door-
keeper, reported the following resolutions:
Revolved, That the select committee appointed to inquire
into the accounts, and official conduct ol Mi. Darling, the
late Doorkeeper of the IIous>e, be also authorized and em-
powered to inquire into the imsappioprtation, by any per-
s-on whatsoever, of any books, or othet public documents,
printed by the oidcr of etther or both Houses of Congress.
Resolved, That the committee be authorized to employ a
clerk at the usual compensation.
Mr. JENKINS. I ask for a division of the
question, and move the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the last resolution.
The SPEAKER. A'single objection will not
prevent its reception.
Mr LOVEJOY. I ask that the resolutions may
be divided so as to take the vote upon each sep-
arately.
Mr. KELSEY. Is an amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. Not pending a demand for
the previous question.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question and
allow this whole thing to be investigated. I have
heard as many rumors about the present Door-
keeper as I have heard about the last; and I desire
to empower the committee also to investigate the
charges m relation to him.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call the gentleman to older.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us hear the resolutions
read.
Mr. JENKINS. The resolutionsexplain them-
selves.
The resolutions were again read.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot see that that is a
report from the committee. It simply asks the
House to authorize the committee to select a clerk
for them selves, and to extend the scope and author-
ity given to them. They ask to be clothed with
new powers. That is not a report on the matters
referred to them, and therefore I raise the point
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I am not a
member of this select committee, but it seems to
me to be a natural inference to be drawn from the
presentation of this report, that the committee,
from their investigation as far as it has gone, see
a necessity for an enlargement of their powers.
If they did not see such necessity we are bound
to suppose that they would not have thus sought
an enlargement of their authority. I shall there-
fore vote for the resolution.
Mr. JENKINS. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule the
pointof order made by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Seward.] The gentleman from Vir-
ginia presents this as a report from the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, on the ground that this is not
a report from the committee on the subject-matter
referred to them. They are asking to be clothed
with new powers and to be permitted to investi-
gate matters that have never been intrusted to
them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
report is in order, the gentleman from Virginia
stating that it is a report from the committee.
From this decision the gentleman from Georgia
appeals.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for the reading of the
resolution under which the committee was ap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not at the
Clerk's desk, but it directed an inquiry into the
accounts and official conduct of the late Door-
keeper.
Mr. STANTON. Was there a clause in the
resolution authorizing the committee to report at
any time?
The SPEAKER. There was.
Mr. SEWARD. They were authorized to re-
port at any time in regard to the matters referred
to them. Now I care nothing about this inves-
tigation. My_ sole object is to prevent abuses in
this House by committees assuming jurisdiction
over matters which have never been referred to
them. But as I have not as much confidence in
my own judgment as in that of the Speaker, I
withdraw the appeal.
Mr. J 4NKINS. I hold in my hand the reso-
lution under which the committee was appointed,
and I ask that it be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker to inquire into the accounts and official con-
duct of the late Dooikeeper of the House, with power to
send for persons and papers, and to report at any time."
Mr. KELSEY called fortellers on seconding tl|p
previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelsey and
Avery were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Virginia will allow an amendment to be of-
fered extending the investigation to the conduct of
the present Doorkeeper, there will be no objection
to the previous question.
Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman will see from
the terms of the resolution, that it covers the mis-
application of public documents by any person.
If an investigation be necessary into the conduct
of any other officer of the House, another com-
mittee ought to be appointed. I do not think that
our committee ought to be required to perform all
the service of tlus kind.
The House then divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 06.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I now offer the
following amendment, and demand the previous
question:
Add at the end of the fir>t resolution as follow-*:
And that said eumnntt«'0 !><■ authorized and directed to
investigate any charges atiW-tiui; the otlicial conduct of the
pie^ent Domkeeper of the House.
Mr. KELSEY. That meets my views.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment; I will renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I cannot withdraw
it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question or
else move an' additional amendment to the reso-
lution as reported by the committee. The res-
olution speaks of the misapplication of books by
any one. I suppose the inquiry ought to be con-
fined to members or officers of the House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask a division of the
question on the resolutions. I desire to vote to
enlarge the scope of the investigation; but I do
not desire to authorize the committee to employ
a clerk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia called for a division of the question before
the previous question was seconded. The vote
will, therefore, be taken separately upon the res-
olutions.
.The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurrtd on the first resolu-
tion as amended
Mr. HUGHES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to all these
investigations, unless charges are made on the
responsibility of some member of the House. I
move to lay the whole subject on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The first resolution,as amended, was adopted..
The question was then on the adoption of the
second resolution; which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the committee be authorized to employ a
clerk at the usual compensation.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make an explanation.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 83,
noes 72.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The House has just refused
to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
Constitution provides that one fifth of the mem-
bers may have the vote entered upon the Journal,
and I think that if the House, at one stage of a
question, refuses to order the yeas and nays, it
doesnotdebaritself from exercising that privilege
at another stage.
The SPEAKER. The question is at the same
stage now that it was when the yeas and nays were
refused.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But, sir, we have
divided on it. And although it is the same ques-
tion I know, my own opinion is that after the
vote has been taken and announced, we have the
constitutional right to move that that vote be en-
tered upon the Journal. That, I think, is the
constitutional provision.
The SPEAKER. One fifth of the members
have the right under the Constitution to order the
yeas and nays,and to have thementered upon the
Journal; but the rules of the House prescribe the
particular mode 111 which that constitutional right
is to be exercised. The gentleman claimed that
right, but on his demand one fifth of the House
did not vote to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It may be that
at this time one fifth of the members desire to
order the yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the yeas and nays
will be ordered by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move that the
second resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask leave of the House to
be allowed to explain the reasons for this resolu-
tion. I am chairman of this committee, and it is
a courtesy not often denied to the chairman of
any committee to state to the House the reasons
upon which a report is based.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. The reason why
they want a clerk is to give employment to some-
body.
Mr. HUGHES. That is not true. There is
work to be done. Tile gentleman does not un-
derstand the matter.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will not the effect of the
motion to lay a part of the resolution upon the
table be to lay the whole subject there?
The SPEAKER. The first resolution was
adopted, as amended. That has been disposed of.
Mr. JENKINS. I trust the House will indulge
me with one word of explanation. I will be brisl.
Mr. COLFAX. As the gentleman called for
the previous question to prevent amendments, I
must object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has not the gentleman from
Virginia the right, having made this report from
a committee, to explain it or make a speech after
the previous question has been ordered ? I think
he has that right under the rules of the House.
Mr. PALMER. There has been a response
on the call of the roll, and the gentleman from
Virginia has no right under the rule to interrupt
the call with a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that there has been a response, and it is therefore
too late for the gentleman from Virginia to claim
his right to speak.
. Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the Chair 
! Mr. PALMER. I insist on my point of order.
