1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
mark. I did not intend to say that they were
commissioned officers of the Army; but when they
received their appointments, they received com-
missions in the same form that every officer of the
Army receives his.
Mr. PHELPS. I am coming to that point soon.
My point is this, that, from the time this Military
Academy was established by the legislation of
Congress up to 1850, these professors at the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point held assimilated rank
and received the pay and emoluments of certain
grades of officers of the United States Army. But
in 1850 Congress changed the mode of paying
these men, and provided that their compensation
should be an annual salary of $2,000. I refer to
the act of 1850 making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy. The provision is
in these words:
" Provided, That hereafterin lieu of pay proper, ordinary
rations, forage, and servants, heretofore received under the
provisions of the act of April 12,1812, the professors of en-
gineering, philosophy, mathematics, ethics, and chemistry,
shall be entitled to receive {§2,000 each, and the professois
of drawing and Spanish $1,500 each per annum."
The compensation of these professors at the
Military Academy was fixed at an annual salary
instead of pay proper and rations. The construc-
tion given to that act was that it did not deprive
these professorsof theirservice rations,and from
that time to the present they have been in the re-
ceipt of commutation pay for their service rations.
The act of the last session of Congress, by which
the pay of the officers of the Army of the United
States was increased twenty dollars per month,
was as follows:
" That, Aom and after the commencement of the present
'heal year, the pay of each commissioned officer of the
Army, including military storekeepers, shall he increased
'wenty dollars per mouth, and that the commutation price
■*f officers' subsistence shall be thirty cents per ration."
It was the opinion of the Attorney General that
the professors at the West Point Military Acad-
emy could not be detailed for service on courts-
martial, not one of them holding a commission in
Qie Army as being of the engineer or any other
corps. My construction, then, of the act of the
last session is, that that law did not increase the
pay of the professors of the West Point Military
Acadcmy—that that act only increased the pay
of commissioned officers of the Army, and the
pay of military storekeepers,who are particularly
mentioned. The words used are " commissioned
officers of the Army.,J Now, these professors
hold no grade or rank in the Army.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is now
closed, under the order of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. What I wished to say further
is this: I should be in favor, if it were proper, of
increasing the pay of these professors to $2,240
perannum; but 1 cannot vote to increase theirpay
m the way proposed by the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. J. Glancy J ones's
amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Ready were appointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to; the tellers having reported—
ayes 50, noes 61).
Mr. HUGHES. I move the following amend-
ment:
From lines sixteen and seventeen strike out the words
" repairsarui improvements*from line seventeen the woul
" forage;55 fiom line eighteen the word " transportation
from lines eighteen and nineteen theword^ "miscellaneous
and incidental expenses, and departments of instruction
and from lines nineteen and twenty the words " Unity-five
thousand;"
so that the paragraph will read, if amended:
For current and ordinary expenses, as follows: fuel and
apparatus, postage, stationeiy, punting, and clerks, six hun-
dred and ten dotlais.
Mr. Chairman, most of the items in this para-
graph are already provided for. At all events, the
language of this paragraph is too general for spe-
cific appropriations. What is covered by " de-
partments of instruction," if not what has already
been provided for m the bill ? What is meant by
the word " forage?" There is a previous appro-
priation " for forage for officers' horses, £864."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. These items of ap-
propriation are usual in this appropriation bill,
and if the gentleman will look to the printed esti-
mates, he will see exactly what are provided for
down to the minutest detail.
Mr. HUGHES. The question is this: how
often are the same items to be lumped in the same
bill?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. But once.
Mr. HUGHES. There are appropriations in
this bill under the head of " department of in-
struction," to pay these professors—the instruct-
ors. These items seem to be additional to those.
1 desire to support this bill, and therefore I ask
for information. The gentleman says he can give
it. Well, I will receive it in the proper spirit. I
merely want these items explained.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will refer to page 107 of the Estimates, he will find
specifically set out all the information he asks for.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania what is covered in this section by
the words " incidental expenses ?"
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I suppose that they
mean a large variety of things which it is impos-
sible to rehearse.
Mr. HUGHES. Or—to use a common ex-
pression—" too tedious to mention."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Yes, sir. These
incidental expenses amount to a very small sum.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not propose
to occupy my five minutes in reply, because the
gentleman from Indiana has allowed me to take
a. portion of his time m answer to his inquiries.
As I stated before, the estimates of the Depart-
ments are printed for the use of the members of
the House, and a copy is laid on the desk of each
member at the opening of each session. All the
details are given in these estimates, and gentle-
men can, at any time, refer to them for inform-
ation. If a gentleman rises and moves to strike
out items, it is incumbent on him to show why.
I hope this amendment will not prevail. I con-
fess I do not understand it precisely; but I object
to the language of it, even if there were nothing
but language in it.
Mr. HUGHES. Appropriations are made for
the forage of officers' horses, and of cavalry and
artillery horses, and I now want to know what
horses are intended to be provided for in the sec-
tion from which I propose to have words stricken
out?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If I understand
the gentleman, he means to ask me whether we
have made a double appropriation for this ?
Mr. IIUGIIES. Exactly.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, I assure him
we have not.
Mr. LE1TER. I rise to a question of order.
I object to gentlemen addressingeach other around
the corner. I feel some interest ill this matter,
and I should like to have them address the Chair.
I want to know what question all this controversy
is about.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is happy to
inform the gentleman from Ohio that the contro-
versy is at an end. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Hughes's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded with, and concluded,
the reading of the bill.
No further amendments being offered—
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee now take up for consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 21) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
Government for the yearendingthe 30th of June,
1859.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated that if there were no
objection, the first reading of the bill would be
dispensed with.
No objection being made, the first reading was
dispensed with.
The reading of the bill by clauses, for amend-
ment, was then commenced.
The following clause bein£ reached—
" For reporting the debates of the second session of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, $8,000"—
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, said: I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. J. Glancy Jones,] whether this $8,000 in-
cludes the usual additional compensation of {
each to the reporters of the House?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It does not.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then I move to
amend the bill, by inserting after that clause the
following:
For the usual additional compensation to the reporters for
the Congres^onal Globe, for reporting the proceeding-! of
the Ilouseof Representatives for the present session of Con-
gress, being $800 to each reportei, is'-ijOOO1.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a point of
order. There is no law providing for the amend-
ment which the gentleman proposes to make.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It provides for
paying the usual additional compensation to the
reporters.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will state that
that is provided for in another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. But I understand
that it has been struck out of the deficiency bill
in the Senate, because it was not properly in order
in that bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no knowl-
edge 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman make
the point of order that the amendment is not in
order ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that the amendment
is in order. The Chair puts his decision on the
ground that this has been provided for by law
heretofore.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the Clerk to
read the 81st rule.
The 81st rule was read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations lor such public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment."
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know of the gentleman from Pennsylvania if an
item of the same description was not reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means in the defi-
ciency bill? If it is not in order here, on the
grounds on which the gentleman places his ob-
jection, it was not in order there.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The item to which
the gentleman refers was reported in the deficiency
bill. The reporters are provided for in that bill.
I make the point of order that it is not in order
here. I do not propose to argue with the gentle-
man the point of order as regards the deficiency
bill. If the gentleman wants my opinion, I will
say that I think it was not in order there. There
is no law providing for it. The Chair having over-
ruled my point of order, I take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania makes the point of order that the amend-
ment is not germane to this bill, and that it is in
conflict with the 81st rule of the House. The
Chair decides that it is in order, because this pay-
ment has been provided for by preexisting laws,
during two Congresses, to the knowledge of the
Chair.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers on
the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. J. Glancy
Jones and Adraijj were appointed.
The committee divided;andthe tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 44.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The amendment of Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, was
then agreed to.
The following clause having been read:
" For the compensation of the draughtsman and clerks
employed upon the land maps, clerks to committees, and
temporary clerks in the office of the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, $25,000"—
Mr. STANTON said, I do not believe there is
any necessity for continuing these clerks. I move
to strike out the words" draughtsman and clerks
employed upon the land maps." 1 suppose that
is the only mode in which the House can be called
upon to express any opinion as to the propriety
of continuing the employment of these clerks. If
this appropriation shall be struck out, it will, of
course, dispense with these clerks after the 1st of
July next. I am not particularly informed about
