636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can insist
only as far as his right goes. I make a point of
order, and it is this: does the fact that the Clerk
has called a name, and that there has been a re-
sponse, deprive the gentleman from Virginia of
his right under the rules to address the House after i
the previous question has been ordered ? I
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ]
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ala-
bama. If the gentleman from Virginia had desired
to avail himself of his privilege before there was
a response, he would have been entitled to it, if
lie had not been cutoff by the motion to lay upon
the table. .
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 93, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Elan, liliss, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burroughs, Campbell,
Ca e, Ezra Clark, dawson, Cobh, Clark B. Cochrane,
Collax, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Burton Craige, Curtis,
Damrell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Farnsworth, Fenton, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Oilman-, Gilmer, Granger, Laurence W.
. Hall, Robert D. Ilall, Harlan, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Kellogg, liilgoie, Knapp, John
C. Kunkel, Lawicnce, Leach, Letter, Lovcjoy, Humphrey
Marshall, Maynard, Montgomery, Morgan, Mori ill, Edwaid
Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Palmer, Petut, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Ready, Rieaud, Robbing, Roycc, Scales, Sewaid, John
Sherman, Judson VV. Sherman, Sickles. S.imuel A. Smith,
Spinner, William Stewait, Tuppan, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbridgc, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wasllburne,
Wilson, Wood, and John V. Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Riyan,
Caskie, Chapman, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Chngman, John Cocbiane, Cockcrill, Corning,
Cox, James Cran:, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Dick, Dim-
mick, DnwdelI,Edmnudson,Elhott, English, Eustis, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis, Gooch,
Goode, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg, Gioesbeck, Grow,
Ila^kin, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, Iluvler, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Glancy jones, Given
Jones, Item," Kelly, Kelsey, Lamar,Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
Maelay, Mcdueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles,
Miller, Millson, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nlblack, Patkei,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Purviance,
(iuitman, Reagan, Ritchie, llutlin, Russell, Sandidgf,
Savage, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Ilemv M. Shaw,
Shorter, Robert Smith, William Smith, Stulhvorili, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Gcotge Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Wairen, Israel Wa^hbuin, Wutkins,
White, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus R. Wright, and ZollicoHer—114.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution.
Tellers had been ordered; and Messrs. Kelsey
and Avery were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his call for tellers.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. JENKINS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STANTON. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution for referent-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House tor leave to introduce
a bill for reference.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the regular order of
'business.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I hope the gentleman will
not object to a resolution for reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the regular order of
business; but I do not mean to object to the intro-
duction of a resolution for reference.
Mr. STANTON. Then I ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution making appropriations for
the expenses of investigating committees. The
CJerk of the House informs me that such an ap-
propriation is wanted. The amount of the appro-
priation is §5,000. 1 move that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me make a suggestion
at this point, before the resolution goes to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I would sug-
gest that the chairmen of these investigating com-
mittees send to that committee some statement
showing what are their current expenses, so that
we may be informed when we come to act upon
the subject.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to make another
suggestion. 1 wish the chairmen of the commit-
tees of investigation would also inform the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means how many hours of
the day and how many days of the week their
clerks are employed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the appropriation is for clerks; but for
witnesses.
Mr. SEWARD. It is for the expenses of
special committees. I want to know how many
hours these clerks are employed. I think, so far
as I have seen, that very little work is done by
any of them.
Mr. LETCHER. Nevertheless my friend from
Georgia understands that they have to be paid.
Mr. SEWARD. I think we had better dis-
charge them.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill,
that it may be rpferred to the special committee
on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the reg-
ular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to give way that I may in-
troduce this bill, and have it referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad. It was sent to
ir ; I have not examined it, and do not know
whether it meets my approbation; but I desire to
have it referred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order.
The SPEAKER commenced the call of the com-
mittees for reports, commencing with the Com-
mittee on Accounts.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to allow the resolution, which I have ;
sent to the Clerk's desk, to be read and referred to j
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee objects.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. PlIELPS, from the select committee on
the Pacific railroad, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Tli.it the sftlect committee, to which was te-
ferred so much of the President's message as relates to a
railroad to tlm Pacific ocean, is hereby authouzed to employ
a elci k at the usual rate of compensation.
Mr. PIIELPS. At a meeting of the commilteo
I was directed to report thatresolution; and really
I think the services of a clerk will be necessary
to aid the committee in its investigation. I move
the previous question upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that, and allow me to amend that resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the usual
compensation ?
Mr. PHELPS. Four dollars per day.
Mr. STANTON. Do the committee intend to
take testimony?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On behalf of the
minority of that committee, I wish to say that
there is no necessity for a clerk.
The'SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is not, I move
to lay the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
has already made that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tellers
upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
Tennessee, and Dean were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 87, noes 42.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
THE SOUND DUES.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill to en-
able the President of the United States to fulfill |
the stipulations contained m the third and sixth |j
articles of the treaty between the United States •'
and the King of Denmark, of the 11th of April,
1857, for the discontinuance of the sound dues;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
E. K. KENT.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of E.
K. Kent, asking for compensation for his invention used at
the Mints and assay offices, and that the same be referred
to the Committee oil Patents.
M'ATEE AND EASTHAM.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Court of Claims bill (No.
65) for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee and J.
N. Eastham, ofLouisville, Kentucky; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, made adverse reports in the following
cases:
On the petition of Addison Farnesworth, asking
to be remunerated for property lost in the Mexi-
can war;
On the memorial of William B. Barry; and
On the petition of Ephraim Shackley.
The adverse reports were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MAJOR H. L. KENDRICKS.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Brevet
Major H. L. Kendricks; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the Committee on Commerce was discharged from
the further consideration of sundry petitions and
memorials; which were laid upon the table.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT KEOKUK. •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that they do not pass, the following
bills; which were laid upon the table, and the re-
ports ordered to be printed:
11. R. No. 155. A bill to provide for the erec-
tion of a marine hospital in the city of Keokuk.
II. R. No. 156. A bill to provide for the con-
struction of a custom house and post office build-
ing at the city of Keokuk.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
slate to the House, that the bill known as the
steamboat bill was postponed until to-morrow.
The substitute for that bill which has been agreed
upon, and the report, have been printed, and gen-
tlemen can find them m the document room. I
hope any gentleman who is interested in the sub-
ject will get those documents and examine them,
as 1 shall endeavor to call the bill up to-morrow
and have it passed, if possible.
JOHN B. BAYLISS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of John B. Bayiiss; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN N. M'lNTOSH.
On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be dis-
charged ftom the further consideration of the petition °ftbe
luiirs of John :V. Mcintosh, asking compensation for office
rent and so forth, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
J. W. SULLIVAN.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of J. W. Sullivan, asking
compensation for losses sustained in consequence
of the failure of the mails; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
HARRIS AND MORGAN.
Mr, ENGLISH, from the Committee on the Post
