1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
the matter; but I have heard great complaints
about the employment of these clerks. It is said
that they are not really required; but that the
places are needed in order to stow away gentle-
men who would like to have comfortable salaries,
and for whom it is desirable to provide. I offer the
amendment with a view of testing the sense of the
committee.
Mr. RUFPIN. In relation to this matter, I
would state that some time since a resolution was
passed by the House directing the Committee on
Public Lands to inquire into the propriety of re-
pealing the resolution of the 4th of May, 1848, by
which this force was established. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands, some time since, had the
matter under consideration. There was a major-
ity report agreed upon to be submitted by the
chairman, and a minority report to be submitted
by myself, and we have been endeavoring to get
those reports before the House.
I, sir, came to the conclusion, from the replies of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office and
the Secretary of the Interior, and from the exam-
ination of Mr. Amasa R. Parker, the draughts-
man of the corps, that these land maps ought to
be discontinued. They are kept up now at an
annual expense of over sixteen thousand dollars.*
The draughtsman is paid, if I recollect rightly,
$2,160, and there are eight clerks at an annual sal-
ary of $1,800 each. It seems to me that this work,
as it is now carried on, is of no benefit whatever
either to the Committee on Public Lands or to the
House. The work is always behindhand. The
draughtsman on his examination stated that the
work is behind now several months. A large
portion of the public lands are in the Territories,
and the public lands taken up in those Territories
have never been mapped out by those clerks. The
majority of the Committee on the Public Lands
agreed to a report, that after the 1st of July next,
this force should be reduced to one draughtsman
and three clerks. The chairman will correct me
if I am wrong.
Mr. COBB. Two draughtsmen and three
clerks.
Mr. RUFFIN. If the force be reduced and the
work be extended to the Territories, as the com-
mittee will recommend, then the work will never
be kept up to date; and, sir, unless it is kept up
to date, it will be of no benefit whatever. I have
been a member of the Committee on Public Lands
during the whole session, and, so far as I have
seen, these maps have not been referred to in the
investigations which have been made. They have
been of no advantage to us that I have seen. I
think, with the gentleman from Ohio, that it is
high time this matter was looked into, and that
this expenditure, useless expenditure, of the pub-
lic money was stopped.
Mr. Chairman, these map clerks were original-
ly provided for in the year 1848. I am informed
by gentlemen who were here at the time, that a
majority of this House belonged to the Whig par-
ty, and that the Executive Administration was
Democratic, and that therefore the House gave
the appointment to the Clerk instead of to the
Commissioner of the Public Lands, in order that
their Whig friends might have the places. The
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands has
some letters from the Department on the subject
of these clerks and their usefulness, which I hope
he will have read for the information of gentle-
men of the committee. By those letters it will be
seen that these clerks are not only of no benefit
to the Government, but are an absolute disad-
vantage to the public interests. -It is complained
that these clerks are put in the Land Office, and
are not under the control of the head of that bu-
reau \ and it has also been complained that they
have furnished information to land speculators
and land grabbers. From all the information we
have received, it would seem that these clerks
themselves are the only ones who receive any
benefit from their appointment. I have been able
to see no reason why this force should be longer
continued. I appeal to the gentlemen who talk
about reform, and who always say that it is not
made in the right place, to look into this matter and
take action on it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is the duty of
the Committee of Ways and Means to draw their
appropriation bills in accordance with law. In
the year 1848 a resolution passed this House pro-
viding for the employment of these clerks. That
resolution stands upon the statute-book to this
day, and appropriations have been made every
year in accordance with it.. The estimate for the
appropriation in this bill was made by the Clerk
of this House under that resolution of 1848.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the committee did not
undertake to pass upon the merits of that resolu-
tion, and to decide whether or not it ought to be
repealed. They only provided for an appropri-
ation in this bill to satisfy existing law, as it was
their duty to do.
Mr. RUFFIN. It was not my intention to cast
any reflection upon the Committee of Ways and
Means. I am aware of the fact that the resolu-
tion of 1848, for the employment of these clerks,
still stands upon the Journals of this House, and
that it was the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to provide for an appropriation under
it. My object now is to demonstrate to the House
that these clerks are unnecessary. There may
possibly have been some use for this clerical force
when the resolution was adopted; but so far as
my experience has gone at the present session,
they are not of the slightest benefit.
In the Committee on Public Lands I stood alone
in my view of doing away with this force alto-
gether. The committee were of the opinion that
the force should be reduced to two draughtsmen
and three clerks, and that the work should be ex-
tended to the Territories. I was for discontinuing
the whole thing. My opinion is, nevertheless,
that if the work be extended to the Territories,
this reduced force cannot possibly keep up the
work to date. I know that the draughtsman, who
is chief of the force, gave his testimony before the
committee that these clerks labored faithfully and
did their duty, and I am not disposed to find fault
on that score. But the fact stands, notwithstand-
ing that testimony, that the work is behindhand,
and that this force of nine persons have failed to
keep the work up so as to make it of benefit to
the present Congress.
Mr. CLEMENS obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would ask the
gentleman from North Carolina whether the Com-
mittee on Public Lands did not report to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that they desired this
work gone on with, and the employment of these
clerks continued ? Such, at least, was the inform-
ation brought to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. RUFFIN. The Committee on Public
Lands agreed to reduce the force to two draughts-
men and three clerks, and that the work hereafter
should include the public lands in the Territo-
ries.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio; and I will state, in addition to what has
been state'd by the gentlemen from North Caro-
lina, a fact which has been overlooked; that, by
the act of 1836, it is made a penal offense for any
clerk of the General Land Office to make use of
any of the knowledge he has acquired in regard
to the public lands, for private speculation. Under
the mode by which these clerks are appointed,
they are changed with every change of the Clerk
of this House, and these gentlemen, when they are
superseded every two years, go out into the world
and use the information they have acquired of the
public lands, for the purposes of private specula-
tion. I have had access to a paper in the posses-
sion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
signed by the Secretary of the Interior; and urged
by that consideration, he recommends either that
that force shall be organized under him directly,
by his appointment, or that the whole force shall
be abandoned. Actuated by that.consideration,
and by that consideration alone, and desiring to
hold these clerks in possession of the keys of
knowledge of the whole public land system of
our Government to a strict accountability, and
desiring, so far as I am concerned, not to throw
before the populace and before the speculative
men of the W est the knowledge acquired in this
way, I hope to see this whole system changed,
and for that reason, I am in favor of striking out
this specific appropriation as proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio.
I think it not necessary for me now to say any-
thing further; but I call upon the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] who has that paper of the
Secretary in his charge, to present it to the House,
that we may see what the Secretary has to say in
reference to this matter.
Mr. COBB. When I get the floor I will ex-
plain all this matter.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say, as a
member of the Committee on Public Lands, that
I have some information upon this subject. I
think there is an entire misapprehension between
the Secretary of the Interior and the Clerk of the
House upon that subject. The act of Congress
which creates this corps, expressly provides that
they shall be under the superintendence and con-
trol of the Secretary of the Interior, but because
the Secretary of the Interior happens not to have
the appointing power, this difficulty has arisen.
He desires to have the patronage, and the Clerk
desires to have it. Congress bestowed it upon
the Clerk, and because, forsooth, it is bestowed
upon the Clerk, the Secretary of the Interior makes
the objection that these clerks are not subject to
his control. The act of Congress makes them
subject to his control. They are subject to the
same rules as other clerks in that Department.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior is
founded upon a mistake, clear, plain', and palpa-
ble. We discussed and examined that matter in
the committee, and we were satisfied that he did
not understand it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in what way they can be brought
under the operation of the act of 1836, when, by
the very terms of their appointment, they are not
Clerks of the Land Office ? They are mere super-
numeraries appointed by the Clerk of this House.
It is notan Executive appointment, nora Depart-
ment appointment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman asks
how it comes that they are responsible to the Sec-
retary of the Interior? I say it is because the set
of Congress makes them so.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?  
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. There was no Secretary of
the Interior at the time this resolution passed, to
whom the clerks could be responsible in any way.
Here is the resolution under which they were ap-
pointed. It is indefinite in its terms. It was
passed on the 4th day of May, 1848, on motion
of Mr. Collamer, of Vermont:
" Resolved, That there be .prepared, by the procurement
of the Clerk, for the use of the House, and the Committee
thereof on Public Lands, a map of the public lands in each
State, showing the state of the survey, and also what has
been sold ; that the same be prepared under the supervision
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and that
such may be revised and extended after each' session of Con-
gress."
By referring to Miscellaneous Documents for the
second session of the Thirty-Third Cbngress, it
will be found that at Ihat time there was adraughts-
man at a salary of $1,500, and six clerks at a sal-
ary of §1,200 each, in charge of this work. Now
we have one draughtsman at a salary of $2,160,
and eight clerks at a salary of $1,800 each. The
resolution provides no pay. It has gone on in-
creasing in that way without any authority of law
at all.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The resolution is just
exactly as I stated, except that the office of Sec-
retary of the Interior was created afterwards; b,ut
it produces precisely the same result. It is in
these words:
" That there be prepared by the procurement of the Clerk,
for the use of the House and the Committee thereof on Pub-
lic Lands, a map of the public lands in each State, showing
the state of the survey, and also what has been sold; that
the same be prepared under the supervision of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office," &c.
Now, after the date of that resolution, an act
of Congress was passed creating the office of Sec-
retary of the Interior, and giving him the control
possessed previously by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and placing him at the h«ad
of that particular Department. The work was to
be done by the clerks operating under the super-
vision and control of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior was afterwards given control over him; and
I now ask why it is that the Secretary of the In-
terior, as gentlemen say, has not complete control
over the clerks, and over the Commissioner him-
self? The Commissioner is but his creature, and
under his control, and the clerks are under the
control of both; and yet we are told gratvely by
