1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
the Secretary of the Interior, in his report, that
they may communicate their information improp-
erly. I deny it. They dare not do it for a single
'moment; and, further than that, they have never
done it. There is no instance where any com-
munication has gone abroad in that way.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask my colleague
if the Secretary of the Interior has not recom-
mended a repeal of that resolution ? My colleague
knows that the Secretary of the Interior would
never recommend a disregard of law, by merely
refusing to pay a debt of the Government. And
I wish to state further that the proposition now is
merely to refuse to pay such debt. If it is stricken
out of the appropriation bill, the effect will be that
the Clerk will still have to appoint these men,
and the work will be done; and next year you
will owe these gentlemen that amount of money,
and must pay them or repudiate the debt. The
remedy is to repeal the resolution.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say, if I
can get along without these interruptions, that I
will examine that matter. In the first place the
Secretary of the Interior sent this communication
to the Committee on Public Lands. I say he made
a palpable mistake in his communication. But,
sir, this is not the proper time to investigate this
question, and I would suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that he should withdraw his amend-
ment, for the reason that there is a report to be
made by the Committee on Public Lands, which
embraces this whole question. In that report
there is a recommendation made that the force be
reduced to a certain number. When that report
comes in, then this question will arise, and, of
course, although we may pass the general appro-
priation, if the clerks are not employed they will
not be paid. When that question arises we will
have all the information before us, and can discuss
it freely and fully. But at the present time the
information is not before the House. We have
not the lig&t necessary to an understanding of the
subject. When that report comes in there will be
no difficulty in understanding it.
Mr. STANTON. In response to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I will say that I will with-
draw my amendment if he or some other gentle-
man will offer an amendment changing the amount
to be appropriated, so as to provide only for the
reduced force, as recommended by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If the gentleman will
modify his amendment in that way, it will be all
right.
Mr. STANTON. I am willing to trust the
matter to the committee which has charge of the
subject.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say, in
order to prepare the mind of the House for the
investigation of this subject hereafter, that I deem
this work indispensably necessary. You might
as well send a boy to school, and tell him to study
geography without giving him the use of a map,
as to appoint a Committee on Public Lands, and
require that committee to provide for appropri-
ating lands to build railroads, and so forth, and
report information to you in reference thereto,
without giving them these maps. There was an
old system in vogue many years ago, in which
the earth was described and geography taught
merely by written or verbal description, the eye
grasping no picture of the countries; and the man
who studied geography in that way was never
perfect; but when you go into the room of the
Committee on Public Lands and cast your eye
upon these maps, at one single glance you see
every acre of land that has been donated by Con-
gress for the construction of railroads or for any
other purpose of a public character. Every acre
that has been thus appropriated is marked there.
Mr. RUFFIN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to know of him if there
is, at this time, a single one of these maps in the
room of the Committee on Public Lands? if they
were not left in the old committee-room amongst
the rest of the useless lumber ?
I wish to ask the gentleman, further, if the
draughtsman whom we had before us did not
state that the work was not up to date? The gen-
tleman says that you may see upon these maps
all the land that has been donated by Congress.
Now, there was a donation to Minnesota, and I
understand that there is no map showing those
lands.
Mr. CLEMENS. . Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Sixty, if you wish.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to "accountfor the
milk in the cocoa nut." Has not the gentleman
got an appointee—some gentleman from his dis-
trict—in this particular department ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Not a man. I never
got an appointment from the Clerk. I was so un-
fortunate as to receive none. No, sir; there isno
appointee of mine there.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ruffin] says that there is
no map of Minnesota Territory. I wish to say
to him that the Territories are excluded by the
resolution of the House in reference to furnishing
maps.
Mr. RUFFIN. Certainly they are. That is
what I stated;
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The resolution em-
braced the States only, and maps have been pre-
pared exhibiting clearly and satisfactorily all the
publiclands which have been donated to the States.
Of course, they are never up to date, because it
is a month or two before we receive communica-
tions from the Land Office as to the lands selected.
But as soon as it is possible the information is
placed upon the map for the benefit of every per-
son who chooses to inspect it.
The gentleman from North Carolina says that
these maps have not been brought from the old
committee-room. We moved about two weeks
ago; and because these maps have not yet been
transferred from the old to the new committee-
room, that is to be made a grave argument upon
this floor against the continuance of this system!
They are there in the old cemmittee-room, and are
valuable property. They give intelligence that
can be procured from no other source. They are
indispensably necessary to the acquisition of that
information which is requisite to the proper under-
standing of any question that comes before us in
relation to the public lands. You can see upon
these maps every acre that has been sold, every
acre that has been donated, every acre of swamp
lands, every acre that has been granted to the
States, just as clearly as you can see the rivers
and cities upon a map of the world. Is it of no
importance that this information should be placed
within the reach of the committee at a single glance
of the eye ? Or are we to have to go to the Gen-
eral Land Office for information whenever we are
called upon to appropriate public landsI say
that the maps are of the highest importance and
indispensably necessary; and if any gentleman
doubts it, let him examine them for himself.
Talk about economy, indeed! Sir, I have no
respect for that kind of economy that is always
attacking the salary of the poor laboring man that
desires to clutch the pittance from the man who
earns his daily bread in one of your Clerk's offi-
ces. You are expending millions in prodigal ex-
travagance of every kind, and yet, no man steps
forward to stop the great leak, but when the sal-
ary of the poor man, who toils for his bread and
has a family dependent on his industry, is in
question, why, then we hear about economy.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and move to strike out §25,000, and to in-
sert $17,800 in lieu of it. I understand that that
is the amount which will be required to meet this
expenditure under the action of the majority of
the Committee on Public Lands. .The salaries of
the clerks with whose services the committee pro-
pose to dispense, amount to $7,200.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask the
gentleman how many of the clerks he proposes to
dispense with ?
Mr. STANTON. I am informed that the com-
mittee propose to dispense with the services of
clerks whose salaries amount to $7,200.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. How many of the
nine clerks does that dispense with ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know. I only
know that their salaries amount to §7,200.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, I have been en-
deavoring for some time to obtain the floor, in
order that I might present this case precisely as
it stands. The resolution of 1848, under which
these clerks were appointed, has already been
read. The resolution of the House of January
18,1858, referring this question of the continua-
tion of these clerks to the Committee on Public
Lands, is as follows:
{i Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of repealing or modifying the resolution
of the 4th of May, 1848, directing the Clerk to procure maps
of the public lands in each State, and directing that said maps
be revised and extended after each session of Congress."
We have had the subject under consideration,
and have been ready to report upon it for several
weeks, and I might almost say months, as we
have also been ready to report upon much other
business that has been referred to the committee.
ThS members of the Committee on Public
Lands have now a large number of bills which
they are also ready to report to this House, bills
which look to practical and beneficial legislation.
I have a resolution to report, by instruction of
that committee, in reference to these very map
clerks, but as yet I have had no opportunity to
do so.
Mr. Chairman, the question as to what action
the House should take in reference to these map
clerks lies in a nutshell. The information which
I have from the Departments I will present, and
ask that it may be read as a part of my speech.
When the Clerk has read the letters which I will
send to him I will make some commentaries upon
'them, and show what action is proposed by the
Committee on Public Lands.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
Clerk's Office, House of Representatives.
Sir : Your note, asking my views of the repeal or mod-
ification of the resolution of May 4,1848, directing the Clerk
to procure maps of public lands, Sic., is received.
In reply, I have the honor to state, that the necessity of a
continuance of that work will be better understood by the
Public Lands Committee than the head of this office.
I will only say that, if the work is to be continued, a less
force than is now provided for by law cannot keep it up, un-
less the quantity of lands coming into market, and being
sold and otherwise disposed of, should be greatly decreased,
which is not very probable for some time to come.
If the work is continued, it ought to be kept as near up to
date as possible, which, if done, will require the present
clerical force.
I have the honor to he, very respectfully, &c.,
J. C. ALLEN, Clerk.
Hon. W. R. W. Cobb, Chairman.
General Land Office, February 8,1858.
Sir : I have the honorto acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 4th instant, inquiring, on behalf of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, whether in my opinion,
1st. "The construction of the maps of the States now
being constructed under the resolution of the House ofRep-
resentatives, of the 4th of May, 1848, is necessary j" and
whether it would be better to have them constructed under
the direction of this office, or the Clerk of the House ?
2d. How many clerks are required to perlorm tiiat labor,
and whether similar maps of the Territories should not also
be prepared ?
3d. " How much of the time of the nine clerks on the
work during the last Congress was bestowed on the execu
tion of the tame ?"
In answer to the first inquiry, I have to state that in the
opinion of this office, the construction of these maps is not
necessary; certainly not to tins office, in the preparation of
answers to calls from the House or committees, ourstatistics
and data being prepared wholly irrespective of those maps,
and without reference to or reliance thereon ; but if a differ-
ent view than this be taken, the work, in the opinion of this
office, should be done under the entire control, and by ap-
pointees of the Secretary of the Interior.
To the second inquiry, it i& the opinion ot this office, that
if The work is continued, the number of employees should
be limited, so as not to exceed three* m number, and that
it should embrace the Territories.
To the third inquiry, I inclose herewith ft copy of Mr. A.
R. Parker's letter of this date, representing that the time,
equal to the labor of six clerks, was occupied on this work
within the given period mentioned.
I beg leave to add that the present arrangements one of
great inconvenience to us, as we have no control over the
clerks employed in this business,and who have free access
to books and papers not allowed to any other persons, and
consequently without any responsibility in the matter to the
Department in charge of the land archives and the admin-
istration of the public lands for which it is responsible.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
TIIOS. A. HENDRICKS,
Commissioner.
lion. W. R. W. Cobb, Chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, House of Representative*.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, February 11, 1858.
Sir : The Commissioner of the General Land Office has
prepared his reply, dated the 8th instant, to your letter of
the 4th instant, addressed to him, in which you propounded
certain inquiries concerning the employment, under pro-
visions of the act of Congress of May 4,1848, by the Cleik
of the United States House of Representatives, of persons
who perform their duties m the General Land Office, and
who have free access to the records and files of that office.
* Mr. Parker, in charge of this matter, as I am orally in-
formed, is of opinion, that in ordinary times four clerks
would be sufficient, but that in view of the railroad grants,
he could employ a dozen if hO*h«id the room, for a fchurt
time.
