2748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
two to eight hundred tons, and carry from one
to six guns, according to their tonnage. They
are intended to enter harbors, rivers, and bays,
where the water is shallow,and seize an enemy's
vessels, where one gun, or two, or three, are suf-
ficient 10 take a merchantman; and thus they save
the trouble of sending a large ship of war after a
mere merchantman. Itstrikesme, therefore, that
this class of boats would be peculiarly useful,
and admirably adapted to our coast defense, and
to annoy art enemy's commerce. But in every-
thing I have said on this question I have treated
it as a peace measure, and not a war measure.
Those who have assailed my views have insisted
all the time in bringing in the war question. I
have acted on the defensive in regard to it, and
I have insisted that the vote I was giving was
given for a peace measure, on a peace establish-
ment, as a defense against war, rather than as a
war measure.
Mr. MASON. I think it is very manifest that
the Senate has the wrong bill before it. Wc have
been detained here now for four hours on a dis-
cussion of measures not before the Senate, but
which, if the Senate adjourns now, I shall ask it
to take up to-morrow morning, and when they are
ended we can then go on with the appropriation
bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall notadjourn.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
yeas—messrs. bell, benjamin, hitler, broderick, clark,
clingiuan, douglas, hammond, ilatlan. houston, king,
mat-on, pugh,thomson oi'new jersey,trumbull, wright,
ami ynlee —17.
nays—messrs. allen,bayard, bright, brown. cameron,
collamer, crittenden, davis, doohttle, fesscnrten, fitch,
fuzpatiick, foster,green, hale, hamlin, hunter, lver<o ,
johnson of arkansas, johnson of tennessee, jones, ken-
nedy, malloiy, pearee, polk, iteid, ricc, sebastian, sim-
mons, suiait,and wilson—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] to amend the amendment
by inserting, " and twenty gun-boats, with full
steam power."
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll on the
amendment to the amendment, apd Mr. Allen
responded to his name.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to modify my
amendment at the suggestion of the chairman of
the Naval Committee, by reducing the number of
gun-boats fo ton.
Mr. IKJNTER. One member has answered.
It cannot be done.
Mr. ALLEN. I withdraw my vote.
Mr. HALI5. The Senator fiom Rhode Island
cannot withdraw hts vote. I object to its being
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A member hav-
ing answered, the proposition cannot be changed.
The Secretary will continue the calling of the
roll.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dostre to state, on behalf
of my colleague, Mr. Slideljl, and the Senator
from New Yoilc, [Mr. Seward,] that they have
paired off on tlus measure.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was requested by the Sen-
ator ftom Ohio [Mr. Wade] to state that he had
paired olF with the Senator from Alabama, [Air.
Clay.]
The vote being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays
34; us follows;
ye \s—benjamin, biglei, btowu, clinsman,
douuia-. fifeh, gii'oii, fl uniu^iul, kennedy, lie id, sebas-
tian, and thon^oii of new jei-c)—1*2.
navs—alien. bayuui, btiurht. biodenek, cam-
pion, ch.indl' i5 cliiik, (.'omaui'-r, cutioitdon, d.ivi-, doo-
litlli'- pv-.semle:i. puzpau iek. fo^tei. flaie, hamlin, —
ion, hunter. ivv-on, johnson of arkau-a-', johnson of
tenne-^oe, knni, mason, peaice, polk, i'u^ii, rice, sim-
nviih, sruau, toombs, tiumbull, WjUoii, wnght, and
yulee—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of the Naval Committee.
Mr. GREEN. I move this as an addition to
the amendment now pending:
and that if, aftei the flagiant comnn^ion of outrages on
our citizens by other powora, the pic&idont deem it neees- ,
ts.iry and nnpo'ttant for the pioteetion of out citizens, rights,
and commerce*, or for speedy rediess of such wrongs, he
ftlta!! be authonzed and empowered to giant and issue let'
ter>  of maique and reprisal to ameuean vessels, to con-
tinue until the meeting of congress next thcrcaftei, and he
bhall then inform congress of the facts that induced ins i
action m that regaid. 1
Mr. PUGH. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Several Senators. It is of no use.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is of some use
to expose these propositions that are made, and
I think it is time some one did it. We have had
the proposition talked about all day of throwing
upon the President the responsibility and author-
ity of making war, and now it is proposed to al-
low him to grant letters of marque and reprisal.
By what authority do you divest yourselves of
this power which the Constitution puts upon you
—upon Congress—and undertake to cast it upon
the President? The Constitution of the United
States declares that " the Congress shall have
power" "to declare war," and to " grant letters
of marque and reprisal;" and yet we have heard
propositions discussed here the whole day to
shirk this responsibilty,and cast itupon the Presi-
dent. Sir, I think the President of the United
States has drawn to himself quite too much pow-
er, and I am surprised to hear these speeches, and
to see these propositions made by persons so te-
nacious, as they tell us, of the rights of the States.
They talk about authorizing the President to send
out a vessel to capture the Styx and bring her
into port. I am not going; to discuss the question
of these outrages; but if Senators are serious, let
them take the responsibility themselves; do not
talk about adjourning Congress and going home,
and casting off the responsibility which the Con-
stitution has devolved upon them. Bring in your
bill to declare war against Great Britain, if you
mean it; bring in your bill to direct the seizure of
the British vessels and reprisals if you mean it;
do not call on the President to do it if he thinks
proper, and report to the next meeting of Con-
gress. Sir, we have no right to divest ourselves
of the responsibility which is upon us. If a crisis
has arisen, if the time has come when we are to
talk about war with England, and about, seizing
her vessels, what excuse has Congress for ad-
journing, and attempting to put the responsibil-
ity on somebody else?
The state of tilings now has been compared to
the state of things during Mr. Van Buren's ad-
ministration, when, upon one occasion, the Con-
gress of the United States gave very large powers
to the President. But, sir, when that was done,
if 1 recollect aright, the Congress was about ex-
piring; it was then near the 3d of March; on the
iM day of March, I think, the information came
that might render it necessary to act, and Con-
gress was about to be dissolved. No such case
occurs now; and lam opposed to sui rendering
that power which justly belongs to us and casting
it upon anybody else. If the time has come when
we are to entT into any such great measure as
that of war with England, let us stand up to it.
I am not for making belligerent speeches; I am
for peace. I do not believe m any of these meas-
ures. I know, wc all know, without its being
repeated here, that the people of this country are
ready for a just war at any time. But, sir, wc do
not want these proclamations; we do not want to
east the responsibility which justly lests upon
the Congiess of the United States on the Presi-
dent, nor have we any power to do it. 1 deny
that we have any authority to surrender the war-
making power to the President of the United
States, lie is not vested with it by the Consti-
tution; and we have no right to divest ourselves
of that power which the Constitution vests in us.
I trust, therefore, that this measure and all like
measures will be voted down; and if, when we
investigate our difficulties with England, there is
a cause for war, let us declare it; if theic is a
cause for reprisals, let us direct them to be made.
Mr. GREEN. 1 presume there is not a Sen-
ator here who does not know the difference be-
tween perfect war and imperfect war, as under-
stood in international law; and I also presume
everybody knows that the power to declare war
is lodged in Congress alone; yet Congress has a
right, in anticipation, to arm the Executive with
authority to do certain acts of a warlike charac-
ter. It is an act of a warlike character to protect
a citizen, to protect a ship, to protect our com-
merce; yet, in contemplation of international law,
it is not a declaration of war; it is defense. It is
an act of war to redress a grievance; but yet the
act of redressingthatspecialgrtevance is imperfect
war—a thing not contemplated under the Consti-
tution of the United States; and it has been held,
and wisely held, that the Executive alone, as the
head and commander of the Army and Navy, has
the right to protect our ships, to protect our peo-
ple, to protect our commerce, and to interpose for
speedy redress without any previous declaration
on the part of Congress. A declaration of war is
a declaration of a state of relation between two
Powers. A specific act is a difficulty growing up
in consequence of the action of certain officers,
men in the employ of the Government, or assum-
ing to be in the employ of the Government. When
two nations formally declare war, all the citizens
of each are at war with all the citizens of the other.
Every citizen who owes allegiance to the one, is
at war with every citizen that owes allegiance to
the other Government; but when a difficulty
springs up, when a collision upon the seas, when
a wrongful act upon your commerce, when a
wrongful visitation of your vessel takes place, it is
not war—it is a wrong; in other words, it is an
outrage; and to authorize the Executive to take
proper steps to correct that outrage is not a dec-
laration of war.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I have no doubt the prin-
ciple of law for which the honorable Senator con-
tends is correct; but if he is willing, I should like
very much that we come to a vote on this ques-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. I am much obliged to the hon-
orable Senator. I am as anxious for a vote as he
is, and a little more so; but I have more interest
in this question than he has. I regard the safety
of our Treasury as a matter of great importance.
I have proposed an amendment which I think
will secure that, for it arms the Executive with
power to protect our citizens, to protect our com-
merce, to redress our wrongs in all these little
accidental cases without any war, without any
violation of international law; and as he can do it
without building up a big navy, as he can do it
by the use of a merchant marine which we pos-
sess stronger thanany Power in the world, I pro-
pose to give him the privilege to do it.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
[M. Trumbull] is wrong when he supposes that
I propose to transfer to the Executive the war-
making power. I propose no such thing. It is
to redress wrongs, to repel wrongs, to protect our
rights. It is no war-making power; and if 1 had
the time, and the Senate was not too impatient, I
could illustrate this so clearly that no man could
misunderstand it. International law, the princi-
ples of right reason, those rules that govern the
conduct of nation with nation, will vindicate me
in all the positions I take. If, however, the Sen-
ate choose rather to vote down this privilege, and
to leave the Executive unarmed, unprotected,
without power of calling upon our merchant ma-
rine, let them do it 1 made the proposition; I
have done Has a measure ofeconomy; I have done
it as a means of protecting our rights without ex-
travagant expense; but 1 have no right to obtrude
my opmioiivs upon other people; and if they do
not accord with me, I cannot quarrel with them,
or find fault with them. I can simply give my
vote, and ask for the yeas and nays on the prop-
osition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 40; as follows:
yeas—messrs. brown, douglas, green, johnson of
tennessee, pugh, and rice—g
nays—messis allen, bayard, bell, benjamin, bibles,
blight, biodenok, cameron. chandler, clingman, colla-
met, ciittend''ii, davis, di\on, dooiittle, febsenden, fitch,
fitzpatrick, foster, hale, hamlin, houston, hunter, tver-
son, john.son of arkatna-?, kennedy, ivtng, mallory, ma-
son, peaice, polk, retd, sebastian, simmons, stuait,
toombs, trumbull, wilson, vvught, and yuieo—40.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn, [oh, no!]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY and Mr. PUGH called for
the yeas and nays on the amendment of the com-
mittee, and they were ordered.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask that the amendment
be read.
