638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. What would be
the effect, of reconsidering: that vote ?
The SPEAKER. To bring the resolution back
to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the resolu-
tion before the House? The resolution was not
laid on ihe table.
The SPEAKER. A reconsideration would
bring the House backto the question, u Shall the
resolution be laid on the table?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it not be
in order to make that motion now?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr.^fONES, of Tennessee, It would be if the
House refused to reconsider the vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
motion *to lay on the table could not be made
twice while the paper is in the same legislative
condition.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I suppose itwould
bo on a different day. If a motion were made yes-
terday to lay upon the table, and it failed, and the
subject came up to-day, though it was in the same
legislative condition, it would be in order to move
again to lay it upon the table. But as the matter
of the Pacific railroad and the military road have
been referred, one to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and the other to the select committee,
and a bill introduced by the gentleman from New
York, who introduced this resolution, has been
introduced and' sent to the Committee on Public
Lands, and as the subject is now under investi-
gation, I presume, by two standing committees
and one select committee, there is no necessity
for consuming the further time of the House with
this matter; and therefore I move to lay the res-
olution on the table. •*
Mr. BENNETT. Is it in my power to with-
draw the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
No objection being made, the resolution was
withdrawn.
The SPEAKER stated that resolutions were in
order from the State of New York.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ROCHESTER.
Mr. ANDREWS introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to inquire into the piopnety of constructing 01 pio-
viding a suitable building for the use of a custom
United Stated court room, and post office, in the city ot
itochebter, New York.
HARBOR OP PULTNEYVXLLE.
Mr. MORGAN introduced a bill to improve
the harbor of Pultneyville, New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
FORTIFICATIONS AT WILLETT's POINT.
Mr. HASKIN introduced the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That a special committee, consisting of live
raemltuis, be appointed for tho purpose of investigating the
fm-.u and circumstances connected with the sale and pur- [
chase of a tract of land at Wilkins's or Willett's Point, in i
the county of Queens, m the State of New York, opposite i
Fort Schuyler, purchased by the Government lot fortifica-
tion puiposes during the year 1857; and that *aid com nut-
tee he, and are hereby, authorized to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution. 1 propose to debate it.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York to send that matter to the
Committee on Military Affairs, already organized.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I proposed to de-
bate that resolution, and it goes over.
Mr. HASKIN. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution. I believe I
have the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I proposed to de-
bate the resolution as soon as it was introduced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor to debate it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Immediately after
it was read, I arose and proposed to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was upon the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to explain the object of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE and many others objected.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out "a
select committee,"and insert" the Committee on
Military Affairs."
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
as the gentleman from New York has demanded
the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I hope the amend-
ment will be made. We shaR have the whole
House engaged on select committees before long.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HASKIN. I will state that we shall not
want a clerk for this committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would like to know if this
resolution contemplates the employment of a clerk
or not?
Several Members. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 148, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bil-
Imghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Booock, Boyce,
Brayton, Bnffinton, Burlingame, Bum?, Campbell, Ca.se,
Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark,
Clingnian, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Col-
fax, Coiruns, Corning, Oovode, Cr.igin, James Craig, Craw-
ford, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durlee,
Edmund3on, Elliott, English, Euatin, Fainsworth, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Garuell, Giddings,
Gilinan, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, liaskm,, Hatch, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Howard, Hughes, Huylcr, Jenkins, Kcl
logg, Kelly, Kelscy, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kuukel, La-
mar, Lawience, Leach, Leiter,Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, May-
nard, Millson, Montgomery. Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac, N. Morris, Freeman IX.Morse.Muiray,Nib-
lack, NichoN, Paiker, Petut, Pike, Putlci, Pottle, Powell,
Purviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Riband, Ritchie,
Robbing Uobert>,Uoyee,Ruffin, Kufsell, Sandidge,Scales,
Aaion Shaw, llemy M. Shaw, John Sheiman, Judson W.
Sherman, Shortci, Robeit Smith, William Smith, Stall
worth, Stanton, Steven.-on, James A. Stewait, Tappan,
Tliavei. Thompson, Tompkins*, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
bruljje, Waldioii, Walton, Warren, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elltlm B. W.t*hbutne, I«iao) Washburn, Wood,
Woodson, Woitendyke, and Zollicoffer—148.
NAYS—Me^-is. Ahl, Atkiris Avery, Baiksdale, Bowie,
TJrariMi, Hurrunt, Clemens Cox, Cmry, David-on, Dim-
miek, Dowdell, Florence, Greenwood, Green*, Gioeshoek,
Hawkins, Houston. Jackson, Jevvett, Geonje VV. Jones, ,f.
Glancy Jone", Landy, Miles, Moore, Phetp-, Phillip-:, Sin-
gleton, Samuel A. Smith, George Tavloi, Ward, Watkin-s,
White, Whiteley, and Augustus ft. Wught—36.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COX, when his name was called, said: I
ask to be excused from voting, for this reason—I
do not wish to appear in the attitude of stifling
investigation of these matters; but I think that,
before we raise special committees of this kind,
we ought to have some data, some statements
made here, on which to predicate them.
Mr. HASKIN. I will state the reason why I
have moved for this committee now, if the House
will allow me to do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the resolution
gives rise to debate it goes over.
The SPEAKER, ©ebate is not in order.
Mr. COX. I iiave made this statement more
for the purpose of explaining my vote than of
asking to bo excused. I now vote "no."
Mr. HASKIN moved that the vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latt.er motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to what I suppose
to be a privileged question. I believe the morn-
ing hour has expired, and I move that we pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table. There
are some Senate bills and other matters there that
ought to be referred.
Mr. WASIiRURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Foster, and
Wright of Georgia, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The call of the States for resolutions,&c., was
then resumed.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE HUDSON RIVER..
Mr. CORNING, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to continue the improvement
of the channel of the Hudson river above and be-
low Albany,and below Troy, in the State of New
York; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ALBANY.
Mr. CORNING also, in pursuance of previous
j notice, introduced a bill to constructabuildmg for
, a custom-house, court-house, a nd post office at Al-
i bany,New York; which was read a first and sec-
I ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
1 merce.
Mr. CORNING also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a marine hospital at Albany, in the
State of New York; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PUNISHMENT OF CRIMES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill for the reenactment
of certain parts of the act entitled " An net in ad-
dition to an act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States, and to repeal the
acts therein named," approved 20th April, 1818,
and which act, hereby in part recnacted, "was ap-
proved March 11), 1838, and expired by its own
limitation March 10, 1840; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
BUFFALO MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. HATCH, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to provide for the construction
of a marine hospital at Buffalo, New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
APPRENTICES IN THE COMMERCIAL MARINE.
Mr. FENTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to require the employment
of apprentices in the commercial marine of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
YONICERS A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. HASKIN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to constitute Yonkers, New
York, a port of delivery; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
oil Commerce.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARLEM RIVER.
Mr. HASKIN, in pursuance of previous- no-
tice, introduced a bill for the improvement of Har-
lem river and Spuyten-tuyfel creek, in the county
of New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
HELL-GATE.
Mr. HASKIN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to remove obstructions to
the navigation at Hell-Gate in the East river,op-
posite the city of New York; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
BROOKLYN POST OFFICE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill to provide for
the erection of a post office in the city of Brook-
lyn, New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
SALARY OF SUPREME JUDGES.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill increasing the
salaries of the Judges of the Supreme Court of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
CAPITOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced a bill to create a
commission to complete the Capitol and Capitol
grounds; which was read a first and second time.
He also moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs,
Mr. MORGAN. That bill appropriately be-
