,1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
If it
longs to the Committee on the Public Buildings
and" Grounds.
Mr. TAYLOR, of 3NTew York. I believe tlie
construction of the Capitol extensions is now in
charge of the War Department.
Mr CLINGMAN. I object to debate
give rise to debate, it will go over.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Co.nmittee
on the Public Buildings and Grounds have this
subject, as I understand, under consideration, and
are preparing: a report on the extension of the
grounds on different plans,covering different areas,
so that the House may bo able to select under
what plan and to what extent the grounds shail
be enlarged, and I think this subject should go to
them. It is a committee which is certainly or-
ganized to investigate and look into the condition
of the public buildings and grounds, and it is the
committee to which this subject, as it seems to
me, should properly be referred.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I have no ob-
jection to that reference, except this: the chair-
man of that committee told me that I had better
not have the bill referred to that committee; that
he was opposed to the whole thing, and should
report againstit. I would like to have this bill
receive a fair consideration; and I want it referred
to a committee which will give itaf&irand proper
consideration. That is my only reason for pro-
posing that it shall be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN. If the Committee on the Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds is not the proper com-
mittee to consider such a subject, we may as well
abolish the committee altogether.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I will not ob-
ject to its being referred to that committee.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Buddings and Grounds.
INVALID PENSIONERS.
Mr. PENTON introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of ihe Intenor report to the
House of Repiej-entatives the namesand residence 01 all the
invalid pensioneis ot tlie United State*, who have been ad-
mitted to the 10II since March 3,1849; the time when their
pensions commenced; the amount of pension per annum
received by each, di&tinguHung each according to grade,
with reference to the several acts of Congress under winch
said pensions were allowed.
ABOLITION OF THE POST OFFICE.
Mr. SPINNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
JPost Roads be instructed to inquire in to the expediency of
abolishing the I'o^t Office Department; and if they deem it
inexpedient, then that they report on the mopnety of le-
> pealing all the laws that restrain individuals or corpora-
tions from carrying mails or mail matter.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morn-
ing hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. READY. I ask leave to present a me-
morial.
Mr. GROW. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
The motion of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, was
disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSE ETC., AT TRENTON.
Mr. ROBBINS, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill making an appropriation for the
purchase of a site for a custom-house, post office,
and court-house, at Trenton, in the State of New
Jeisoy; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MARY C- HAMILTON.
^ Mr. UUYLER j in pursuance of previous noticc,
introduced a bi'1 to continue the pension hereto-
fore paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of Cap-
tain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United States
Army; which was read afirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BURROUGHS asked leave to present sev-
eral petitions, which he would move to refer to a
select committee.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
POST OFFICE AT JERSEY CITY.
Mr. WORTENDYKE submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erecting a post office at Jeivcy City, in the State or New
Jersey, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Gartrell were appointed.
The House refused to adjourn; the tellers having
reported—ayes 25, noes 93.
CONFIRMATION OF TITLE.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill confirming the title to cerSfein lands; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
FEES OF OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. PHILLIPS introduced a bill to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed to district attor-
neys of the United States, clerks, marshals, attor-
neys, and other officers of the circuit and district
cotyts of the United States; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, introduced the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to mtorm this House, U compatible with the public
inteie^ts, if our inmi,-.tuis and diplomatic agents have been
instiucted to secuie. in the treaties negotiated with foieign
Governments, since J 850. the right of tree worship and hon-
orable burial, to American citizens, renrient in or traveling
through their dominions ; and what (iovernments have re
jected these propositions, and theieasons assigned therefor.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. GROW introduced the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question upon
the same:
Resolved, That the President he requested to communi-
cate to the House, copies of all instruction**, by him>elf or
any head of Department, to the Government or oiher exec-
utive officers, in the Ten itory of Kansas, and all correspond-
ence with the same, tosether with a copy of the executive
minutes of said Ten itory. not already communicated to the
IIou?-o. AUo, a copy of the constitution fiamed at Le-
conipton, together with a copv ofihe cen-us and return of
the votes m the election of delegates to said convention in
each election precinct in said Territory,and the returns of
the election held in said Terntoryon the 21*1 of December
ia^t, and 4th of January last, with the number of vote-? then
polled re.-peetively m each election precinct in said Terri-
tory, and'copies of any other official papers in possession of
the Secretary of State, iciative to Kansas affair?, not al-
ready communicated to (Jongiess.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That resolution will lie
over under the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the rule it must go
over one day, if objected to.
Mi. GRO\V". Perhaps the gentleman from Ala-
bama does not want information m regard to Kan-
sas affuns.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will speak
for himself, and not for me.
The SPEAKER. The 61st rule reads as fol-
lows:
11A proposition requesting information from the President
of the United States or directing it to be futni-hed by tn^
head of either of the .Executive Depai tmcnts, or by the t'0-.t-
master Gentna!, or to punt an extra number of any docu
ment, or other manor, excepting me^ages of the President
to both Houses at The commencement of each session ofCon-
giev.-j. and the reports and documents connected with orre-
feired to in it, shall he on tne table one day for considem-
tion. unie*.s otherwise ordered by the unanimous consent of
the House; and ail such propositions shall be taken up for
consideration m the order they were presented, immediately
after iepoit< are ea'ied for (rom select committees; and
when adopted, the Oieik shail cause the same to be dehv-
eied
The resolution lies over one day.
HARBOR OF CHESTER, PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. HICKMAN introduced a bill for the re-
pair and improvement of the harbor of Chester,
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HANNAH STROOP.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Hannah Stroop; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
POST OFFICE AT HARRISBURG.
Mr. ICUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
the erection of a post office building at Harrisburg, Penn-
sylvania.
PIER IN DELAWARE BAY.
Mr. "WHITELEY introduced a bill for the con-
i strnction of a mole or pier upon the shore of Del-
aware Bay, opposite the breakwater, at the town
of Lewes, in the State of Delaware; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LIGHT-HOUSE IN THE DELAWARE.
Mr.WHITELEY introduced thefollowingres-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of Greeting<i light-house on
one ol'the United States pieis in the Delaware river at New
Castle.
TOLL-GATES INTHE DISTRICTOF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BOWIE introduced the following: resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency and propriety
of purchasing the toll gates on the turnpike loads within the
District of Columbia leading to the seat ot Government, so
as to make the same free within the limits of said District;
and to report by bill or otherwise.
HOUSE FOR BRIDGE-KEEPER.
Mr. BOWIE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be m-tiucted to inquire into the expediency of purchasing a
lot and crocnng thereon a hou^e for the keeper of the upper
Eastern Branch bridge, on the Potomac, u-uaUy known as
Beiiiiing's bridge; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BOWIE asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House, the petition and
papers of the heirs of Gerrard Wood, copies of
the same being left with the Clerk.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTTON.
Mr. IrfAIUlIS, of Illinois, presented certain
papers relating to the contested-election case of
Chapman against Fersuson; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. FAULKNER introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
[ recognizing tlie risjhtof the officers and soldiers ot" thecom-
I puny commanded, during the late war with Groat Britain,
I by fieniy St. George Tucker, of Virginia, to the benefits of
the land bounty piovided by existing laws for officers and
i soldier^ of that war.
| TERRITORT'AL EXPENSES,
j Mr. CLEMENS offered the following resolu-
I tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
\ Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
: to communicate to this llou?e the amounts, under the pioper
, heads, appropriated and expended m each of the ditferent
! Temroriet> of the United States for all purposes, legislative,
i executive, and judicial, lor roads budges, wells, public
I building1:, and so forth, and for the extinguishment of In-
I dun and other titles, military defenses, and so forth, frf>r 
! the year 1845 and up to the present time, including Oalifor-
j ma, before and since her admission inio the Union, to the
1 close of the last fiscal year.
: Mr. CLAY moved that the House do now
! adjourn.
! The motion was agreed to—ayes Go, noes 61;
i and thereupon (at three o'clock, p. m.) the House
t adjourned.
; IN SENATE.
! Wednesday, February 10,1858.
1 Prayer by Rev. F. Swentzel, D. D.
\ The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT Uid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, eommuiuca-
