1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
His reply has been submitted to me tor transmission to
you, which is accordingly done s and I take occasion to
state that the sentiments of his letter are fully approved and
concurred m by me.
By the act of Congress of July 4,1836, the clerks and
officers of the General Land Office are " piohibited from
directly or indirectly purchasing, or in any way becoming
interested in the purchase of the public lands;" and to
insure integrity and attention to business, regulations have
also been adopted, from time to time, forbidding officers and
clerks of the Department from availing themselvesof special
information obtained in the line of official duty, for purposes
of private speculation.
T.he persons employed by the Clerk of the House of Rep-
senta'tives in the General Land Office are not subject to the
same laws and regulations and liable to the same penalties;
hor are they accountable for the manner in which they use
the records and flies of the Land Office, to the officer charged
by law with their custody.
Tn this there is manifest inequality, impropriety, and in-
justice. The arrangement is one tending to confusion and
delay in the discharge of the regular business of the Land
Office; and exposes the Department to the risk of any odium
that might ensue from an abuse of position, in a case in
which it has not the proper corrective power.
When we consider that the arrangement alluded to in-
volves a manifest departure from the general plan of organ-
isation of the legislative and executive branches of our
Government under the Constitution, it is evident that the
business provided for by the act of 4th May, 1848, should
be intrusted by law to the executive authority, or at once
abandoned.
Very respectfully, your obecjient servant,
JNO. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. W. R. W. Cobb, Chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands of the United States House of Representatives.
Pending the reading of the papers,
Mr. MONTGOMERY said: Mr. Chairman,
are all these papers pertinent to an appropriation
to carry out an existing law ?
The CHAIRMAN. If objection be made the
Chair will rule that it is not in order to have them
read by the Clerk.
Mr. COBB. Then I will read them myself;
but I think the Clerk had better read them, as he
can do it more satisfactorily.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It will be time enough
to have these papers read when the committee
makes its report.
Mr. LEITER. I trust that the gentleman will
fo up to the Clerk's desk, and read the papers-
imself. Let us have light on the subject.
Mr. COBB. There is no further objection to
the reading of the papers, I presume.
The Clerk then read the letters through.
Mr. COBB. After receiving those letters, and
going into a full investigation of the subject, the
Committee on Public Lands instructed me to re-
port this resolution:
Resolved, That there shall be maps of the Territories as
well as of the States constructed under the resolution of
the House of the 4th of May, 1848, and that there shall not
be more than two draughtsmen and three clerks employed
Upon said maps after the 30th of June next.
That resolution does not entirely conform to
the view which I entertain, but I am compelled
to submit.
Mr. Chairman, my worthy colleague on the
Committee on Public Lands, has gone all over
this subject. He commenced as far back as 1848,
and came down to the present session of Congress.
It will not be improper for me, then, to refer to
the subject briefly. The resolution authorizing
the employment of this clerical force was passed,
as has been already stated, in the year 1848. It
was reported from the Committee on Public Lands
by Mr. Collamer, who was its chairman at that
day. The Executive Administration was Dem-
ocratic, but this House was in the power of the
old Whig party, the real, out-and-out, simon-
pure Whig party. The appointment of these
clerks was given to the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, in order that the patronage cre-
ated under the resolution should be enjoyed by
the Whig friends of the majority of the House.
After a while, the Democratic party came into
power in this House, and proposed no change in
the law, but allowed Democrats to supersede the
Whigs who had been previously appointed. At
the last Congress, the majority of this House was
Republican; and however much I might have de-
sired a change in the law, and to have placed the
appointment and control of these clerks in the
Secretary of the Interior, while this patronage
was about the only patronage that party had, I
stood no chance of accomplishing that object. We
have now in the Committee on Public Lands six
anti-Administration men and three Administra-
tion men, and they have recommended the adop-
tion of the resolution I have read. It is for the
House to adopt that report.
Mr. STANTON. What do you mean by anti-
Administration men ?
Mr. COBB. I refer to some who have gone off
on the Kansas question.
In my view of the question, I am sustained by
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. There ought
to be some efficient control of these clerks. There
is no penalty attached now to their use of the
information they may gain of the public lands.
There ought to be such a penalty, we all admit,
and I hope that matter will be provided for when
the question comes up in the House.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COBB. I wish it understood that when I
have the floor I want to go on in my own way.
It has been my misfortune to be constantly inter-
rupted whenever I get up to address the House.
I do not care to be interrupted now.
When the resolution of 1848 was passed, the
maps of all the land States Were perfectly blank.
The then Whig Administration appointed three
clerks and one draughtsman for the purpose of
marking off the lands taken in the several States;
and that force proved to be quite large enough for
the purpose. Since then, the maps of three or
four States have been almost entirely covered up.
The map of Ohio has but few blank spots upon
it. In Indiana, there are but few tracts of public
lands vacant; and it seems to me that if four clerks
were enough for the performance of these duties
when they were first appointed, five ought cer-
tainly to beenough now, although we have agreed
to a resolution to extend this work to the Terri-
tories.
Now, in regard to the utility of the work, I
must differ, to some extent, with my friend from
North Carolina—my colleague on the Committee
on Public Lands—[Mr. Ruffin.] I always be-
lieved that this work was necessary for the guid-
ance of the Committee on Public Lands, and of
the House. When propositions for giving lands
to railroads are under consideration, the inform-
ation supplied by this work is absolutely neces-
sary, to enable us to arrive at something like cor-
rect conclusions. We have no such bills before
us this session for any of the States that have here-
tofore received grants for railroad purposes, and
therefore we have had no use for these maps. I
am satisfied that these maps ought to be kept up,
although I believe that no more grants of lands
for railroad purposes will be made to such State.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Alabama that his count of the
Committee on Public Lands is not correct; because,
if voting against the Administration, or against
some measure recommended by the Administra-
tion, places us on the list of anti-Administration
men, the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands himself [Mr. Cobb] is on that list, as he
voted against the deficiency bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I used that language more play-
fully than seriously. If I should soon again have
occasion to make another speech, and to analyze
the elements of the Committee on Public Lands,
I would probably make a different report. But
now I will answer the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Ruffin.]
Mr. RUFFIN. I want the gentleman to ex-
plain this state of facts: It is stated that these
maps are behindhand in the different States—that
in some of the States they are behindhand so far
as four or five months. Is that so ? If it be, of
course they can be of no benefit to us at this ses-
sion. The gentleman also speaks of there being
no proposition now before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands for grants for railroad purposes in any
of the States. I would ask the gentleman if there
is not an important measure now before that com-
mittee relative to agrant of lands, or a sale oflands,
for railroad purposes in Iowa, on an entirely new
principle?
Mr. COBB. We have such a proposition before
us. But, go far as that is concerned, we need not
have these maps marked out up to date, for the
reason that the proposition inaugurates quite a
new principle in the mode of donating public
lands. It proposes that the corporators m this
railroad shall pay the Government price of $1 2j
an acre for the land they get, within a certain
length of time. The more they get, the better for
the Government.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order. He has; no right to disclose
the secrets of the committee. " '
Mr. COBB. I know, sir, that it is rather oat
of order. [Laughter.] Now, sir, I believe that it
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] be adopted, to reduce the appropriation
to $17,800, it will meet the views of the timjority
of the Committee on Public Lands, who are most
decidedly of opinion that twd draughtsmen ana
three clerks are all that are required io keep these
maps.
Mr. BILLING-HURST. At that point I de-
sire to ask the gentleman from Alabama a ques-
tion.
Mr. COBB. Oh, yes; I can answerit, I am sure?
but do not put too hard a one. fLausrhter.l
Mr. BILLINGHURST. It is pertinent to the
line of argument which the gentleman is now pur-
suing. I understood the gentleman from Alabama
to say that the Corhmittee on Public Lands havef
agreed to report in favor of reducing this force to
two draughtsmen and three clerks. If that be so,
how can this appropriation of $17,800 be neces-
sary ?
Mr. COBB. Oh, this same clause provides also
for temporary clerks, clerks to committees, &c.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Then the whole of
it is not intended to go to these dfaughtsmen and
map clerks ?
Mr. COBB. Oh, no. The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio covers the whole ground,
and I do not deem it necessary to trouble the House1
with any further remarks on that subject.
A Member. Give us a speech on Kansas.
Mr. COBB. I do not believe I shall give you-
a Kansas speech, although I have been exceed-
ingly anxious during the session to make one. I
fear that, in all probability, I might get into too
deep water, as I do not understand the exact turn
that politics may take here. [Laughter.] I will
wait till the bill comes in for the last time.
Now, in reference to my making a speech, I de-
sire to sajthat I am determined, in all my speeches
upon this floor, to confine myself to matters of
practical legislation. When I say this, I appeal
to the committee to sustain me in the declaration,,
that whenever I have occupied the floor, I have
not spoken except to the question before the
House. The committee, too, will bear in mind
that every word I have uttered during the present?
Congress has not occupied more than seventeen
minutes, I have made a very accufate calcula-
tion. [Laugh terj
A Member. Except your speech to-day.
Mr. COBB. Oh ! of course, excepting to-day.
Now, by a rule of the House of Representatives,
passed upon the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] at an early day
of the session, the Committee on Public Lands
Cannot make their reports, after that committee
have been once passed, until all the other commit-
tees are called again. Now look at the bundles
of papers I have here [here Mr. Cobb held up to'
the view of the committee two large bundles of
papers] containing favorable as well as unfavor-
able reports. You will see that it must require
an immense amount of labor to arrive at anything
like a correct conclusion, and to ascertain the
facts in relation to the subject-matters contained
in all these papers. And I now, Mr. Chairman,
admonish the House through you, to proceed to
the regular order of business every day, advanc-
ing as rapidly as possible, in order that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands may be called again, so
that we may present some subjects which call for
legislation. If we cannot be heard, we will be un-
able to report several bills in these bundles, which
have been recommended as necessary and import-
ant to be passed, in order to facilitate action in
reference to ourlpnd system in the West.
I was going to state that, so far as practical le-
gislation is concerned, the distinguished Commit-
tee on Public Lands, composed of the materials to
which I have referred, in all probability have done
more hard work, have investigated more compli-
cated questions, and are now ready to make more
reports than any other committee of the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. COBB. I was coming to the case of my
friend from Virginia. Unlike the Committee of
Ways and Means—that distinguished committee
which is held up as the most important commit-
tee of this House-—I take pleasure in saying that
