2750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 7,
appropriation bill for the purpose of roofing and otherwise
making the coal depot available."
Mr. POLK. This is a subject about which I
am not very well informed. I should like to
know the extent of this coal depot. Will it take
§20,000 to put a roof on it? How much ground
does it cover ?
Mr. MALLORY. The ground purchased by
the United States for military and naval purposes
at Key West, on which this coal depot stands, is
very extensive. Previous to building the coal
depot, the Government placed about ten thousand
tons of coal there, which took fire by spontaneous
combustion, and burnt up. As they use Cumber-
land with anthracite, the Cumberland takes fire.
The Government have built a very large stone
building, but it is without a roof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
insert, after line one hundred and forty-two, at
the end of the appropriation for the Norfolk yard:
To enable tlie Secretary of the Navy to purchase tools
and furnish the machme-shop and loundery at the Nortolk
navy-yaid, $20,000.
This item was sent to the House of Represent-
atives too late to be inserted in the bill there, and
it was then sent here by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Way? and Means, with an accompany-
ing letter from the Secretary of the Navy in this
letter the Secretary says:
" To enable the Department to fit th" machine-shop and
foundery at tin: Noiiolk navy aid, to consti net the cii^uie^,
toilers, Sie., for the new Meani vluu|i hulking then, an
addition to the (Miniate-: submitted, m loi the next
(Heal vear, will lie neeessaiv. f have to request and m fie,
therefore, that that sum may be added to tile estimate lor
that yard fot that puipose."
- Mr. HUNTER. Wc have built die foundery;
this 13 an estimate for the tools.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment,
as an additional section:
Sec. — *4n<l he it further euacteil That it vhall bo law-
ful to enlist Inns loi M'lvieo in the United States murine
corps, with thii" consent ot then p-uents 01 guaidians, not
bfcinz uiuli'i elovi'ii noj uvci Mivenu-en j eais ot ago. to .^ei ve
until they sha.l aiitve at the age of tsveutv-one yum- ; the
boys so enh>ted to receive the same pay, rations, clothing,
&c., now icceived by boys enlisted m t-aid eoip& under the
authoiity of'the Kecietaiy of the Navy,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 next propose, on page G,
after line one hundred and seventeen, to insert the
words "and the now pmehftse" after " yard;"
and in lines one hundred and twenty, one hun-
dred and twenty-one, and one hundred and twen-
ty-two, to strike out " $2()t),f)lG," and inseit
" #320,HiO," so as to make the clause m relation
to the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New "Vork, read:
Tor boilui-hoiHcand setting boiler, watci pipes, diains
quay wall, «evvei extended to quay wall, hoilei todudi;ei,
lnil!>er-lja-ni, n'[ia,i"H of eaUnni i,lioji, filliny ponds in \ "i■ <1
ami the new plnelia^e, died^lnir channel and r rows, piling
site loi inatine banaek^. maehineiy loi niaelnne ^liop,
lioiler-shoji, saw mill, Ionndel>, Mintliei v, and bia^-lonnd-
ery, and ie|ian-i of all kuidi, .$:! ilUfiG; and the tun unit
heretofore appropl Kited loi eoal-ilouse may be applied to the
completion of the stoic hou^e.
This amendment increases the appropriation
$50,650, for filling the new purchase, as recom-
mended by the Department. (See Book of Esti-
mates, page 233.) If the dirt which can now be
had is not used, it will coat the Government twice
as much next year.
Mr. HUNTER. T believe the amount is ne-
cessary to render this land available. The appro-
pnations for all the navy-yaids were reduced by
the Committee of Waysand Means, but this item
was, 1 think, left out by mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I am also directed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to oiler tins amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enactcd, That the President of the Urn-
ted State*, by ami with the advice and consent ot the bon-
ato, shall appoint a liidge advoeatc general lor the naval
sei vice, to Hold ins oihce foi foui year.-*, ursle-s s-ooner ic-
jiiovvd bv the Pie-i(ient, and who ^hall receive lor b:.s ^pr-
vice .-2,530 per annum and In- tiavelmu expenses. it^liall
be his duty to pien.'ue, under the dnecuon of tlie Secietaiy
of the N.tv v, alt charges and specifications ol chaise- to be
preferred bcloie nav.dcouit- mattuiUnd com t«of inquny,
and to keep a<.-cuiatu loeords. timieoi. and to prepare spe-
cific in-^tin^tion^ in each cu^e to the aeimgjudge advocate
to i>e designated bv tlie Secretary ot the Navy, to codilvand
aiianyo all the laws ot'Congiess, and tbo iulmg-^ and il-'t'i--
ions ot the di.-tnct, circuit, and supreme com H of the United
States touehmgcouns-iiijitiat and courts of mnuny. and to
ounioiete and -ubuut to the Seeietarv of the N.ivy general
tniuueuon*, tonus, and principle!? appheaole to them, and
the manner of conducting them, and to preserve perfect
records of all such courts and of the cases tited or heard
before them : Provided^ That nothing herein contained shall
preclude commanders of squadrons on foreign stations from
ordering such courts, when in their opinion the exigencies
of the public service may demand tlicm, under such rules
and regulations as said judge advocate general, with the
approbation of the Secretary of the Navy, may prescribe.
I think the Senate should adopt this amendment
as a matter of economy. We now pay annually
a great deal more for performing badly the duty
which this amendment contemplates, than the sal-
ary of this office would be. The Army have a
judge advocate general—not by that title, but an
officer who does precisely these duties, as I un-
derstand, that this officer would be called upon to
do for the Navy. At present, the laws applicable
to courts-martial are construed differently on dif-
ferent stations, and many persons who should be
punished escape punishment for the want of the
system which would be produced by having such
an officer.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after <( appoint," the words,
"by selection from among the officers of the
| Navy."
I Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the hon-
] orable Senator from Mississippi whether we can
| place that restriction 011 the sphere of choice of
| the President. We may create the office, but
' ho must have, by the Constitution, the unlimited
sphere of choice.
Mr. DAVIS. -I do not doubt the constitutional
power, because the Constitution confeis on Con-
fess the right to ptovtdo a Navy and to make
rules and regulations for it. This is but a regu-
lation of the Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. "With the view I have of
a judo-e advocatc general—an officer who is to be
familiar with the administration of military law,
as applied to courts-martial, who is to compile the
decisions of the supreme, circuit, and district
court's of the Umled States, in reference to courts-
marual and courts of inquiry, and who is to pre-
pare the charges, and specifications of chaises, to
be preferred befme those courts—1 do not think
there will be found now, in the Navy, an officer
competent to enter 011 this task. We shall find
such a man, probably, at the bar. It may, how-
ever, be possible to get such a man in the Navy,
and, if so, 1 should prefer it, but I do not think
we shall find the requisite information there.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 he reason I offeied the amend-
ment was, that I think nowhere out of the Navy
can you find a man who will understand the senti-
ment of the Navy, and the laws peculiarly gov-
erning tin- service. Mr. Wirt, with all his high
legal ability, when called upon once for an opin-
ion, in relation to the Army, said that he did not
consider any lawyer's opinion as good as that of
an officer of sound judgment, and accustomed to
the lules of the service and the application of the
i laws to them.
I Mr. BAYARD. I differ so far from the hon-
I orable Senator from Mississippi that, for my own
I part, I shall necessarily vote against the amend-
i ment of the Naval Committee if his amendment
j be adopted. I think the last place to go for justice
j is to coui ts-martial as they are generally coristi-
] tuted, and it is simply for the want of a proper
[ presiding head.
1 The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
| there boinsj, on a division—ayes 13, noes 21.
I Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendmentof the Naval Committee;and they
were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator fiom Florida what compensation is proposed
to be pnid to this officer '
Mr. MALLORY. Two thousand five hun-
dred dollars a year.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate should understand
that the appointment of tins officer will not relievo
the Navy from tiie appointment of special judges
advocate". Tins one officer will be in a central po-
i sition. He may attend a court here, and occa-
: sionaily somewhere else. If we have many courts
! we must have special judges advocate at the same
1 expense as now.
j Air. MALLORY. No, sir. This judge advo-
{ cate would unquestionably attend all the courts-
j martial in the United States.
i Mr. D WIS. Pie could not do it.
j Mr. MALLORY. With the knowledge I have
t of them, I am certain he could attend all the
courts-martial in the United States, and compile
the rulings and decisions in addition; but it would
not deprive the commander of a fleet on a foreign
station of the power of calling in special judges
advocate, under such rules and regulations aa
might be prescribed and matured.
Mr. IVERSON. The Government is in the
habit now of paying judges advocate, who are em-
ployed for the purpose of attending to courts of
inquiry and courts-martial, twenty-five dollars a
day. It is paying that now to Mr. Carlisle, of
this city, for attending the court-martial about to
assemble to try Captain Boutwell. It paid him
and two others twenty-five dollars a day each
for attending the courts of inquiry on the retired
naval officers last year. This proposition, I think,
would save a great portion of that expense—cer-
tainly much more than the salary of this officer.
Mr. STUART. That is certainly very much
a matter of opinion, and, with the lights before
me, I differ entirely from the Senator from Geor-
gia. During the last year we have had three or
four courts of inquiry in existence at the same
time. If you have a court of inquiry in existence
in one city, and another somewhere else simul-
taneously, or nearly simultaneously, this officer
cannot attend both. The result will be that you
have a supernumerary officer at §2,500 a year,
and all the expenses attendant on that.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know of a single
instance in the whole history of our Navy where
two courts-martial or courts of inquiry have been
sitting within the country at the same time, ex-
cept under the law passed last year in relation to
the retiring board. No contingency can possibly
arise, under ordinary circumstances, where two
courts-martial or two courts of inquiry will be
sitting at the same time, and one judge advocate
can, ordinarily, attend all the courts-martial and
courts of inquiry within the United States.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Mos<r>. Allen, Bavaid, Bell, Benjamin, Bright,
Cntteriden, Dixon, Fitch, Fo tei, Hale, fverann, Kennedy,
Malioiy. IVIa^on, IVarce, SebaMian. and VViigbt—17.
NAYS—tMc-srs. Uu ler, Biodenek, Chandler, Chngman,
Coliamei, Da\i*, Doohtric, Douglas, f'efsenden, Fitzpat-
nck, Uamlm, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennessee, King, Polk, Pngh, lteid, Utce, Seward,
Slide!!, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I am requested by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will give way,
there aie one or two amendments yet to be offered
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to offer this amendment, for reasons which I
am sure ho will appreciate. It is to add as an ad-
ditional section:
Sec. 4. .find he it furthci enadcil, That, to defray the ex-
penses and comncn^Htion ot a commissioner to the Repub-
lic of raiagu.iy, (should it b« deemed pioper by the Presi-
dent to appoint one.) hi execution of tlie joint 1 e«olution of
the piesent session '• for the ;:<l]U--tmein of difficulties with
the Republic of I'aiaioiay,7' ^10,000, 01 *0 much thrreof as
may be necessity . Prowled, That the compensation here-
by allowed shall not exceed the lato of {5*/,500 pei annum
for the time employed.
I offer this amendment, by instruction of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, in pursuance of
a request of the Secretary of State, which says
the contingent fund is not equal to it during the
recess; and this is the only oppoitunity to make
the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to offer as an amendment to
the bill, to come in after the word " dollars," in
the twenty-first line, these words:
Foi the ensme, mnebmeiy, equipment, ordnance, and
ordnance store?, for the equipment and fiftingfor sea of the
United States stearmdnp Fianklm, £.JJ0,0JU.
That is m accordance with an estimate from
the Department, and not so much as the Depart-
ment asked by considerable. In explanation of
it, I will say to the Senate that that ship is now
finished and ready to receive her masts and spars.
By the unanimous judgment of those officers
who have given an opinion upon it, and the na-
val constructor of this city, Mr. Lenthal, she is
pronounced to be the finest model ot a ship now
in existence. Most of the expense upon her has
been made. Everything up to fitting out her ma-
chinery has already been incurred, and she is
