1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21.
cdly exclaimed, < We shall be acround in a moment,' in- ■
sisting tliat we could not pass up. Tile vessel being then
in ten feet water— ilrawtng nine—I was reluctantly com-
pelled to back down past the battery, exposed to a severe
fire, winch, ftom the position of the vessel being nearly
bows on, 1 could not return. On getting out of range 1 an-
chored, repaired damages,and filled more ammunition, hav- -
ing observed the Paraguayan war steamer Taquari firing
up."
Now, sir, if there be war, that war has been
begun; it is not to be commenced by the passage
of this resolution. There was hostility ana blood-
shed emanating from this Power with whom we
were at peace, and within whose jurisdiction our
ship was not at the time when the fire was re-
turned. I certainly should be, as much as the
honorable Senator from Vermont or anybody else,
against investing the President with power at his
discretion to involve this Government in war with
any Power, strong or weak; but I know that hon-
orable Senator would be the very last man amongst
us who would give any countenance whatever to
an aggression of this kind—not only insulting,
'but accompanied by the shedding of blood and
the loss of life by one of our countrymen, under
the protection of the flag of his country, and in
a foreign water, without provocation, without
cause. It is proper, certainly, that, if the Presi-
dent is to act as contemplated by the resolution,
if redress should Lie refused, that he should be
authorized to accompany the demand by what-
ever force he may think necessary to compel
justice to be extended.
The honorable Senator said yesterday that the
usual course in matters of this kind was for the
Executive to make a proper demand for repara-
tion; to enforce it by all possible means in his
power; and, after he had exhausted such peace-
able measures, if ineffectual, to lay the matter
before Congress for its consideration. All the
facts of this case have been laid before Congress.
We have no minister in that country; we have
no diplomatic functionary whatever, and no rep-
resentative of this Government there.
Mr. COLLAMER.. We have at the Argentine
Republic.
Mr. MASON. This is not one of the Argen-
tine Confederation. The Argentine Republic is
on the opposite side of the Parana river. This is
the Republic of Paraguay.
Mr. COLLAMER. Paraguay is one of the
members of the Argentine Confederation.
Mr. MASON. Not as I understand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is so.
Mr. MASON. It may be so. I have not looked
into the varying condition of those countries; but
it is stated here as one of the facts of the case,
that when Commander Page was on the spot the
Province Corricntes, whicli was one of the Ar-
gentine Confederation, was on the opposite side
of the river; and that it was under the invitation,
public and private, of the Argentine Confedera-
tion, that he went up the river Parana.
Mr. COLLAMER. Paraguay is one of the
members of the Confederation.
Mr. MASON. I question that still. The lan-
guage used by Commander Page in his official re-
port to the Department, disclaims that idea, and I
suspect he is right. He says this:
" Here is one channel of a river, the common boundary be-
tween the Argentine Confederation and Paraguay,claimed
by the Government of Paraguay as her exclusive right, be-
cause it is more on the Paraguay side of the river; while,
wuh magnanimous generosity, the channel on the Uorn-
entex side, if there be one, is by the same Government de-
clared ' fiee to all the world.' "
He then goes on to say that this river is the
common boundary between these two separate
Governments, and that unless by compact it is re-
stricted, they have, by public law, a joint navi-
gation of the river. 1 think the honorable Sena-
tor is mistaken and misinformed, therefore, when
he assumes that the Republic of Paraguay is one
of the Argentine Confederation.
Mr. COLLAMER. We actually made a treaty
■with these very Paraguay people.
Mr. MASON". That is very true.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then we have acknowl-
edged that they are a civilized people.
Mr. MASON". That is altogether a different
issue. The very fact that we made aseparate treaty
with them shows that they were not under the
Confederation, who alone would be authorized to
make treaties.
Mr. COLLAMER. But we are not at liberty
to treat them as a barbarous people.
Mr. MASON. That itf a different question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Virginia be good enough to state what other cause
of complaint there is against this Republic besides
firing upon the Water Witch?
Mr. MASON. There is noother cause of com-
plaint against this Republic except those which I
have stated. The cause of complaint is that this
steamer, the Water Witch, had been sent into the
waters of the La Plata 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that, but
what other than that?
Mr. MASON. None other except her^spolia-
tion of the property of American citizens who
were there within the Republic of Paraguay—a
very large-mercantile interest that had been sent
out there, I think chiefly from Rhode Island,
under invitations from that Government which
are set forth in the correspondence, carrying out
a large amount of property, several hundred thou-
sand dollars, chiefly in machinery and implements®
of husbandry, and manufactures of various kinds,
which had been set up there and put in success-
ful operation; when, without cause and without
notice, they were suddenly broken up and igno-
miniously expelled from the country, and their
property sacrificed. But that is not the cause of
complaint for which the President has asked that
he should have this power of redress. The chief
cause is that one of our public ships, a part of the
public force of the United States, not within the
jurisdiction of that Power, was thus wantonly
and without provocation fired into, and one of her
men killed and the ship disabled.
Now, sir, there is no danger of war. The Re-
public of Paraguay, according to my recollection,
is some one thousand five hundred miles from the
coast, accessible only after a very long and diffi-
cult navigation of their rivers, a very inland coun-
try and a very exclusive one, but offering, by her
products of dye-wood and other woods of various
kinds, and the product of tobacco, very laige in-
ducements for commercial intercourse, provided
it shall be allowed.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. What was the time this ag-
gression took place? What year?
Mr. MASON. 1856.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have referred to a gazetteer
on this subject which is authentic, published in
the year 1855, and I find that Paraguay is nomi-
nally, or was, at that time, nominally an inde-
pendentRepublic in 1855, under the Government
of Dr. Lopez, who so early as that is described
in this way.
Mr. MASON. I am wrong. The attack was
made on the Water Witch in February, 1855.
Mr. SEWARD. Here is what I was about to
read from Lippincott's Gazetteer:
" Paraguay declared itself independent of Spain in 1810.
From about 1812 to 1840 its affairs were entirely controlled
by Dr. Francia, who, being tir-t eleeted consul, became
dictator in 1814, and continued to administer the Govern-
ment with great ability till his death, at the advanced age
of eighty-four ycart>. By a judicious exercis-e of arbitrary
power, he preserved the country from tho*e dissensions
and civil wars from which the other South American States
have suffered «<o deeply. His policy of rigorously excluding
fiom bin dominions all foreigners, without exception, con-
tributed not only to preserve the tranquillity of the country,
but also to consolidate the different elements of the popu-
lation inlo one mass, and to form them into a nation. Im-
mediately after his death, the government of a junta of five
was established ; subsequently, the number was reduced to
two; Carlos Antonio Lopez (the present President) acting
as civil magistrate, and Manona Koque Alonzo as the mil-
itary commandant. In 18-16, Lopez was elected President
for life. The Republic is divided into yartidos or depart-
ments, each of which is commanded by a comisionado or
commissioner, chosen by the President, to whom alone he is
responsible. It not unfrequently happens that the commis-
sioner be ;omes a petty tyrant, and exacts, in the name of
the President, not only the services of the poor, but e\ei  the
property of the wealthy. The army of the Republic was
lately raised to forty thousand men." * * * *
s' The population of Paraguay is variously estimated by
different authorities at three hundred thousand, eight hun-
dred thousand, and one million two hundred thousand ; it
probably does not fall short of one million."
It is not a member of the Argentine Republic.
Mr. MASON. The decree of the Republic of
Paraguay, under which American citizens were
invited there, is set forth in the report, and the
extracts set forth in the report are in these terms:
" These decrees set forth that{the supreme national Gov-
ernment, de.-irmg to develop and stimulate the industry of
the great body of the people of the Republic, and consider-
ing that one of the means most adequate to this result is to
define and secure the conditions and rights of all who shall
unite for such useful ends, decree,' among other things,' ar-
ticle third, that whoever shall introduce into the Republic
any foreign discovery, shall enjoy the same advantages as
if he was the inventor;' among which advantages, in arti-
cle fifth, is i the exclusive enjoyment of the patent for from
five to ten yearsand that law was applied by the Secretary
of State of that country to an enterprise such as was under-
taken by this company, as appears in a letter from that gen-
tleman, then engaged in a special mission to the court of
Brazil, addressed to the then late special agent from the Gov-
ernment of the United States to Paraguay, dated Rio Jan-
eiro, December 15,1848, from which the following extract is
submitted: 4 In the said decree, President Lopez has re-
solved all questions which could arise in regard to privileges
and premiums. If you introduce into the country machines
or new means of industry which the country does not now
possess, this decree gives you the monopoly for ten years at
least, and you do not require a special concession.'"
It is alleged that in pursuance of these induce-
ments there was a company of merchants, in
Rhode Island chiefly, who sent out there some
three hundred thousand dollars in various articles
of American manufacture, all of which were con-
fiscated by Lopez, the President of the Republic.
The honorable Senator from Vermont says we
have acknowledged them asanindependentPower
by making a treaty with them. Grant it. We
make treaties with Indians 
Mr. COLLAMER. Not unless they are within
our borders.
Mr. MASON. We have no intercourse with
the Indians not within our own jurisdiction, ex-
cept when we find them in Mexico, and South
America, and then we do not make treaties with
the Indians, but the Governments, which are com-
posed chiefly of Indians. The fact is, in relation
to the Republic of Paraguay, if any gentleman's
attention has been called to it, it has been, almost
from our first knowledge of it, a despotism under
the guise of a Republic, at first in the hands of a
certain Dr. Francia, who ruled it with despotic
power. Their only law was his will, and a most
savage and bloody will it was. He seems to have
been succeeded by Lopez, who as President of the
Republic has supreme power, and who, whether
falsely or not, certainly did, in a false manner,
induce American citizens to go there, and has
subsequently sequestered and confiscated their
property, and driven them off. But, in addition
to that, as I have said, he has committed this un-
provoked and wanton insult upon the American
flag in firing upon and killing an American citizen.
I had not anticipated that any objection could
be made to the very careful and discreet wording
of this resolution. It contemplates that the Pres-
ident should seek redress in a peaceful manner,
and if that is not effectual, to resort to arms. We
have unsettled questions with more than one of
these South American Governments. We have
one with Peru; we have one with Venezuela, and
it has become rather proverbial; our papers are
full of it; our commercial correspondence is full
of it—it has become proverbial along the whole
coast—-
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I shall be done in one moment.
I wish to say to my colleague that I am aware
that one o'clock has come, and that there is a de-
ficiency bill. It has become proverbial in the
newspapers all along that whole coast, that while
other nations immediately redress wrongs that are
committed against their Governments; and there-
fore are allowed to participate in their commerce,
from the character of our Government it is always
tardy, and in consequence, by the semi-barbarians
proportionally received and respected. I shall say
no more.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the special order.
Mr. MASON. If we can take the vote, I sup-
pose it will be allowed.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say a word in
response to the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. Then let it go over.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now call for the special order
—being the deficiency bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Virginia give way for one moment? There is a
resolution of inquiry which I introduced yester-
day, which I should like to have considered. It
will not take any time, I think.
Mr. HUNTER. I am told that it will take an
hour or two. I cannot give way to anything that
will be debated. I will get the bill out of the way,
I think, before long, if I shall be allowed to do so.
