642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
aion under which I may have labored on this sub-
ject. If it be true, that great trilth ought to be
known, because it is an evidence of fraud run-
ning through this constitution—planned, medita-
ted, contemplated fraud, intended to run into the
operations of the Legislature under the consti-
tution in all time to come. I am unwilling to be-
lieve that such a fraud was contemplated; but I
• wish to know the facts.
So it is in regard to other questions. We are
told by the President that if this constitution shall
be adopted, and Kansas admitted into the Union
with it, the people there can change it any time.
How are they to change it if the apportionment
in the constitution is a fraudulent one, arranged
for the purpose of enabling the minority to over-
rule the majority ?
Again, with a view to that very point,I desire
to know the results of the election of the 4th of
January for officers. There is a rumor here that
the Lecompton ticket was elected 
Mr. MASON. I lise to a question of order,
it may be perfectly competent for the honorable
Senator to assign reasons why, in the order of
business, his resolutions should take precedence
of the Army bill; but it cannot be in order for
liim <to assign reasons why those resolutions
should pass, for the purpose of enabling his com-
mittee to have the information. These remarks
would be properly in order, I conceive, if the
resolutions were up; but 1 rise to the question of
order, because if the debate is gone into in the
manner now indicated by the honorable Senator,
there must be a reply to him, and the result will
be to postpone, without consulting the Senate, the
unfinished business relating to the Army bill. I
say, therefore, with all respect for the Senator,
and submit it to the Chair, that it is not in order
to discuss the merits of his resolutions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not desire to discuss
the merits of the resolutions, and I propose to
keep myself even within the rule assigned by the
Senator from Virginia. Although I conceive that
under the universal practice of the Senate for all
the years 1 have been here, I have a right to dis-
cuss the merits of the proposition, yet t do not
propose to do it. I will tell you what I propose to
do: first, I want to show that this information is
material to the investigation; and, being material,
it is important to have it now, fur the reason that
instant action is asked. If I sustain both these
propositions, they prove that we ought to take
steps now to get the information, for it cannot be
disguised that there seems to be great anxiety to
act immediately on the merits of the Kansas ques-
tion. If I should attempt to procure delay, it
would be said that I was endeavoring to thwart
the wishes of the Senate by an opposition pro-
ducing unnecessary delay. I wish to produce no
unnecessary delay. I wish to hasten the report
on the Kansas question,and to get it at the earliest
possible moment; but when I say that I believe
this information is essential, when I give reasons
why I cannot make a report intelligently on its
merits without this information, and then when
I show that we must have it now or it will be too
late—these are all reasons why the matter should
be acted on at this time, in preference to the Army
bill. I might take up that bill and show that it
makes no great difference whether the Army bill
be passed this week or the next, to-day or to-
morrow; but it is very essential to have this in-
formation, if I am to be called on to vote and act
on the Kansas question before the Army bill is
disposed of. Hence I was going on to say that
it was important to know to whom the certificates
of election have been awarded on the ticketelected
for State officers and the Legislature, on the 4th
of January.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I must say that this is an argu-
ment on the merits of his resolutions, and upon
the action which the committee are to take—not
upon the priority of business; and that if he goes
into this wide field of rumor which has spread
itself over every subject which has been raised in
the Senate for some weeks past, it is apparent
that such statements as he is now making must
elicit reply, and thus we defeat the agreement of
the Senate to take up the unfinished business, and
settle it to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the Chair decide the point
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is insisted
| upon, the Chair mustgive his impression in rela-
; tion to the point of order. In regard to the usage
' of the Senate on these questions, the Chair of
| course has no knowledge except as to this session,
1 where the usage has been to some extent as inti-
mated by the Senator from Illinois. It has been
proceeding, by a sort of common consent, up to
this time in the session, and no points of order
have been made. The Chair supposes that in de-
ciding questions of order he should be governed
by the written rules, and, where they do not ap-
ply, by the general parliamentary law. It is per-
fectly certain that when the Senate has assigned
a particular question for a particular time, it is a
privileged question at that time; and if a motion
is made to postpone it, debate ought not to be in-
dulged in; but a mere suggestion, a mere remark
might be made. Otherwise there is no limit to
the length of speeches that may be made, and the
object of the Senate may be utterly defeated. The
opinion of the Chair, although it is a very deli-
cate question for him to decide, is that the line of
remark in which the Senator from Illinois is in-
dulging is not pertinent to the motion to postpone,
and must necessarily lead to extended debate on
the merits of the question, and defeat the pre-
vious order of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Chair inform me
what line of remark I may indulge in on the mo-
tion to take up, or whether he decides that no
debate, no explanation of reasons for giving pri-
ority to particular business can be assigned? I
intend to keep strictly within the rules of the Sen-
ate, and to act and speak with entire respect to
the Presiding Officer, and to every member of the
body; but I wish to know what the rules are, and
have them applied to me as they have been and
shall be applied hereafter to every member of the
body.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state in entire frankness 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was asking the Chair 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to say
a word ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say to the Senator, in
entire kindness, that, m making this question of
order, I was actuated by no disposition to cutoff
any remarks which he may, at any time, think
it necessary to make. It was with no disposi-
tion to violate the courtesy of the body; and
courtesy has been, during my knowledge of the
Senate its rule. It has had little need of printed
rules; the rules that govern gentlemen in ordinary
intercourse have been sufficient for the body; and,
therefore, it is that by consent one thing is done
to-day, and it is repeated to-morrow. As the
Senator asserts, this may grow into precedent;
but when in the progress of the business of the
Senate it becomes necessary to insist on parlia-
mentary rules they are as piacticuble here as
elsewhere; and a debate springing up on a mere
question of the priority of business, and running
into the merits of the whole subject proposed to
bo taken up—going into the illimitable field of
rumor—it is apparent defeats the order of the
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not intend to say that
the Senator from Mississippi was discourteous in
inteiposing his objection.. On the contrary, it is his
duty, as the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to maintain the priority of the bill in
his charge, if he can do so consistently with the
rules. 1 feel it to be my duty, if I can, to obtain
this information, which 1 believe is essential in
the performance of the trust confided to me. I
must do what I can, within the rules, fairly and
properly to get the information. Since the Chair
decides that the line of remark in which I was in-
I dulging was not authorized by the rules, I shall
I! endeavor to ascertain whether the decision cuts
; 1 off all debate on the priority of business. If the
' Chair so decides, I shall conform to it, although
1! I shall have to say that it is reversing, so far as I
understand it, the decision of this body uniformly
made for the entire eleven years that i have been
: a member of the Senate.
j. The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair is
|; satisfied in regard to the practice of the Senate, he
;j will pursue that practice without regard even to
■ general parliamentary law or his own opinion on
j questions of order. He desires to conform him-
j self to the usages of this body. His only diffi-
! culty, heretofore, has been to understand what
those usages have been from the conflicting state-
ments of gentlemen.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point I now wish to
know is, whether I may assign reasons for taking
up this subject and giving it priority over the Army
bill, or whether I am not to give any reasons. I
shall conform, if I can find out what the rule is.
The VICE PRESIDENT, duestions of rele-
vancy arc uncertain, and the most difficult of all to
decide. The Chair cannot draw a precise line;
but he can say to the Senatorthat upon a question
of laying aside one piece of business to take up
another, it does seem to him to be out of order to
pursue a line of discussion, even although it may
appear to bear on the issue, which must neces-
sarily lead to extended debate, which may even
lead to a long speech on the part of the Senator
himself, and defeat the object which the Senate
had in making a particular picce of business the
special order. He cannot be more explicit.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well;I have yetto ascertain
whether the Chair decides that a motion in refer-
ence to the priority of business is debatable or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
think it is properly debatable. He thinks that
here, as in every deliberative body, suggestions
may be made in reference to it, as, on motions to
lie on the table, by common consent suggestions
are indulged.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Are those suggestions made
as matter of right, or matter of courtesy?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are matter of
courtesy and custom, so common and universal as
to amount to a right—suggestions or remarks that
do not lead to discussion in reference to the order
of business. The Chair can only say that the
impression on his mind is that the Senator's re-
marks open up a general discussion of the ques-
tion, will lead to debate, and therefore are not
pertinent to this question in reference to the pri-
ority of business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I waive those remarks; and
now I will state to the Chair what I propose to
show, without making an argument, that I may
know whether or not it comes within the rules.
The President of the United States has referred,
in his message, to the fact that the Legislature
elected on the 4th of January, could call aconven-
tion to change a constitution immediately. I do-
sire to find out who were elected members of the
Legislature on that day. I desire to ascertain,
whether it be true that a Legislature has been
declared elected, sixteen of whose members de-
pended on a forged return from Delaware- Cross-
ing; or whether it be true that the president of the
convention has gone behind that fraudulent re^
turn, and set it aside because it was fraudulent,
and declared the other side elected. I desire to
find out who was declared elected; because, if one
ticket was elected, that answers the President's
aigument; and it is sustained if the other was
elected. I want to know, therefore, how the fact
is upon that point.
I want to know also the facts as to the election
on the 4th of January, not only for State officers
and members of the Legislature, but also as to the
adoption of the constitution. I hold that that elec-
tion was a legal one, and I wish the facts on that
point. I want the returns. I wish also to have,
the census which was taken under the law call-
ing the Lecompton convention, showing the num-
ber of votes in each county, so that we may see
whether in any one county, or in quite a number
of counties, twice or three times as many votes
have been cast as there were voters on the register.
I want to see whether the apportionment on rep-
resentation, made by the Lecompton convention,
is based on population. All these matters are said
in the message to be fair, and the assertion is that
all these proceedings were conducted fairly. I
want the facts. I am told the facts disprove the
assertion that they were fair.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator state where he
wants'them ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want them as a member of
the Senate, and as a member of the Committee on
Territories. I do not think the information can
hurt anybodjr.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, if the Senator
wants them as a member of the committee, this is
not the place to argue the matter. If he wants
them to decide any question which has been re-
ferred to the committee, surely no question has
yet been referred which involves the legality, the
