THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session".
TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1858.
New Series..,..No. 173.
amazing1 to me, if that be the law, that the Exec-
utive Department should have refused t<fpay this
money for two years past. I am strongly under
the impression that there is something else in the
case, and I do not think it is to carry out any law
that I can perceive,
Mr. BELL. It is to pay standing salaries au-
thorized by law.
Mr. PUtrH. It does not say authorized. It
says to carry out an existing law.
Mr. BELL. What do you mean by the law?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The best decision
that the Chair can make is that the amendment is
m order.
The question beins: put,
The YICE PRESIDENT decided that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. BELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
[u Oh, no."] I want to see whether this will not
be agreed to. I do not want to be troublesome.
It is a very plain case.
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave to present an
amendment for the purpose of explaining and
carrying out an amendment attached to the ap-
propriation bill at the last session. It passed then.
I am not going to make a speech about it. It was
for the benefit of officers who were in the Texas
navy at the time of annexation. It did not ex-
tend to the widows and legal heirs of those who
deceased before the passage of the law, but to j
those who were in service at the time of annex- !
ation. Tins is intended to explain the object of
that law, and carry it out more perfectly. The
next portion of it will be to explain the fact that
the Secretary has put a construction upon it to
suit himself, different from what was intended,
that midshipmen were not commissioned officers.
With the leave of the Chair, I will read H:
And be it further enacted, That the widows and lepal
hens of the officer-* of the late Texas navy, who were m
seiviec at the time of annexation, ami have Miiee deceased,
be, and tliey are hereby placed on the s-ame footing that the
officer of the same tenure were placed, who weie living
on the 3d of Match. 1837, and that the midshipmen of mu-1
navv shall be tejiaidcd commissioned officer-- h\ the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and be entitled to the benefit." intended
by ilns t-ection.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment is clearly
out of order; it makes an additional appropriation
not reported by any committee. Not only does
it make an additional appropriation, but it is^ a
private claim. It is to give salaries to those for
whom theilaw provides no salary.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is explanatory of the law,
and the whole intention of the law that lias here-
tofore existed, and to enable the Secretary of the
Navy to give such a construction as will meet
the object of that law. It is not an original matter
as I understand it; but one m furtherance of jus-
tice to whoever may be intended. It embraces
the case of no one individual; but is general in its
import, and explanatory of a poition of the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels
obliged to decide that the amendment is not ill
order under the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel a delicacy in doing so,
but I feel bound to appeal from the decision of
the Chair; and upon that I ask for the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask leave to withdraw
the call fill the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the call for the yeas and nays will be
withdrawn.
Mr. MALT.OR.Y. I object to it.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr MALLORY. We shall have no quorum;
and I want to'see whether there is a quorum pres-
ent or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
having been ordered, the question must be put,
if any Senator insists upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being insisted
upon, the Chair will direct the roll to be called.
178
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. feayard, Bell, Bisler, Broderiek, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Fe--
senden, Foot, Poster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter,Ivor-
son, Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee. Mal-
lory, I'eaiee, Polk, Pueh. Heid, Sebastian, Shdel!. Stuart,
Toombs, Tiumbull, and Wriuht—31.
NAYS—Mossls. Collamei, l^itch, Houston, Tliee, and
Seward—a.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as j
the judgment of the Senate. [
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a privileged ques- j
tion. I move to reconsider the vote, and simply j
make this remaik. Part of that amendment is :
clearly in order. The latter part of it, declaiing j
that midshipmen of the Navy shall bo considered r
as commissioned officeis, is certainly in oidcr, be- i
cause it is legislation of a future character. If a i
part of an amendment is in order, although an- !
other portion may not be in order, the whole ,
amendment is clcarly'in order. Tiiat has been
repeatedly decided.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to ask what the ques- j
tion before the Senate is? i
Mr. IVERSON A motion to reconsider. :
The VICE PRESIDENT, It is the motion of
the Senator fiom Geoigia to reconsider the vote s
just taken. ;
Mr. IVERSON*. Which I had a right to make. ,
I merely throw out the suggestion. If the Chair
thinks I am wrong, I will withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
was a unit. There was no motion made to with-
draw it. By far the larger portion of it was out
of order.
Mr. IVERSON. The Chair ruled it out on the
point of otder. I move to reconsider the vote, if
it is in order. Injustice has been done, it seems
to me, to the Senator from Texas. If the Chair
decided wrong on the point of order, the Senate
ought to do justice to the Senator from Texas.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the pleasure
! of the Senate to reconsider the vote, the amend-
! ment can again be offered, and a decision had
i upon it.
| Mr. IVERSON. The question was not taken
: on the amendment, but on the decision of the
Chair. The question was, "Shall the decision of
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate;" that has been just decided by the yeas and
nays. Now I move to reconsider that vote. The
point of order is, that I can still bnns the point
up again, and the Chair can then decide whether
: the point of order will be sustained.
I Mr. HUNTER. I hope U will not be mcon-
| sidered. If the amendment was an entire thing,
i and if any part of it was out of order, the whole
j was. The reason is just the levetse of what the
' Senator fiom Georgia says.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
i get the Secretary to read it again, and then he
1 thinks it will be clear to tho Senate.
; The Secretary read it.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I will explain in a word,
' "Mr. President. The reason for it is simply this.
The provision was drawn up in great haste by
i my recent colleague, Greneral Rusk, at the close
1 of the session on the 3d of March, and he had to
1 draw it in £n~at haste, and omitted to include the
' widows and legal lepiesentatives of officers who
! were m the service at the time of annexation.
| The intention was to extend it to the midshipmen,
• supposing that the Secretary of the Navy would
; put a construction on the law that they were com-
\ missioned omcors. He declined to do so. They
!' are notoriously so, and I refer to the chairman of
i the Naval Committee.
Air. IVEB.SON. If the Chair is of the same
!! opinion, I will withdraw the point of order.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the same opinion.
Mr. IIUNTEXl. I hope the bill will now be
; reported to the Senate,
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
1' of the Senate to vote upon the amendments made
i as in committee, together? The Chair hears no
i objection.
: The amendments were concurred in.
! Mr. MALLORY. Is the bill still open to
; amendment?
! The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
j Mr. MALLORY. Then I offer the following
; amendment, to be inserted as a new section:
Si--e. f>. And be it further enacted, That the Secietarv of
; the N.>vveau>e to be constructed, as speedily as may be
i consilient with the public interest*, live steam screw
5 !-|(h)|h-o',\v!ii, wnli lull steain power, who.-e greatest
j draught of water shall notexccodfouiteen feet, winch ship*
! shall combine the heaviest armament and greater f-pecd
compatible with their character and tonnage; and onende-
j wheel uni btenmer, whoso }rreato-.t diauirht shall not ox-
! ceed eight feet, ormed and ptovided foi K-ivice in the China
I seas: and that there be, and is hereby, appropnated, to be
I < \pctidcd undoi the direction of the Secrctaty of the >Jav\,
j foi the purpose above specified, the sum of $1,*200,000 out
: of am money tn the Trea->uiy not otheuvise appreciated.
' That is the bill which has been on our tables
1 for a fortnight or three weeks. I am told there
1 are Senators who will vote for five but not six.
! Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
! taken without debate.
I Mr. MALLORY. I am willing that it shall be
| taken without debate.
i Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays
i on the amendment; and they were ordered; and
; being taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as fol-
I lows:
YRAS—Me?«i^ Bavard, Hell,Higier,Brown,Chittenden,
Pixoh. V)oohttle, Fe-5-endcn. I'ueh, Fo-tei. Hale, Hamlin,
Malloiv. l'e.nce, Keid, Seb.wttan, Shdell, and Wnjrht-—3K
NAWS—Messrs. Brodenck, Cameion, Chandier, Foot,
llaiian. Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Atkan&a4.. Johnson
of Tcnn^-spe, Kntff, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sewaid, ^tuait,
Toombs, and Tiumbull—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. I was out at the moment the
] vote was taken. I desire to record my vote m
j; the affiimalive, if there be no objection.
;j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will it change
]i the result?
:j Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it does not,
1 I will not object.
i; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
ji no objection, and the Senator's name will be re-
corded.
:l Mr. CRITTENDEN. In 1818 or 1819,arule
j! was prescribed by resolution of Congress for the
,! naming of our national vessels. The first class,
' by that rule, were to be called after the several
:] States; the second class, after our rivers; and the
!j third class, after particular towns and cities. That
J rule is becoming inapplicable, fori suppose we.
i shall never build a man-of-war again, according to
' the old classification, entirely; I have, therefore,
' proposed a rule applicable to steamships, keeping
; I free from the other. It is to be inserted as an ad-
II ditioncd section, and reads:
And !c it fmlher rna-trd. That all the steamships of the
■ i Navv Oi the United >;taf. - now building, or hereaiter to be
butlt, <«ha!l be, named by the S"cretarv ol the Navv, under
! the direction ot the PscMdcnt of the United rfrate*, aceoid-
inir to the lollowiii<r mle, naino<\ : all those of foru jians
i or more shall be considered of the fir-t c1a-«<. and shall be
! cailed atrei the States of the Union ; ttio^e oi twentj gun>,
'j and under (oity. -hull he con.-idered of the -econd class,
i and be called alter the nveis and pane.pal towns oi cities;
I; and all tho^e nf less than twentj amis cball be the third
' el.it.?.and named by the Secretaiyot the Navy, as the Pi ev-
ident may doeet, care bent? ta'ien that no two vessels m
i the Navy -dial! bear the same name.
j That is keeping up in substancc the rule as it
! was before.
! Mr. MALLORY. I should like to hear the
amendment read asrain by the Secretary. I only
! heard the latter part of it.
: The Secretary read it.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask if it refers to
vessels now being built, and which have received
| their names. I ask the Senator to except vessels
' already named.
I Mr. CIUTTEXDEN. No, sir; I nnerknew
!i a vessel being named before sin- was launched. T
thought slie never was jiann d until she was
lanmdied and committed to the water, and then
I received her name.
,| The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
! from Florida move that amendment.'
