'644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
provides for adding two companies to certain regi-
ments of the Army , being those regiments which
now have but ten companies. I hope the Senate
will decide to retain that section, for afew reasons
which I will offer at this time.
I think the organization, as I stated on a former
occasion, will be more complete, bccause it will
give regiments divisible into three battalions of
four companies each. It will give the power to di-
vide regiments without dividing battalions so as to
garrison three posts by each regiment, or, if you
please, six posts, without reducing any post to a
single company. I will here say to Senators as
a military question, that it is a very great disad-
vantage to troops to separate them into garrisons
consisting of a single company, and that that dis-
advantage is not to be overcome by multiplying
the rank and file. You must have the number of
officers to perform the duties that devolve on com-
missioned officers, and cannot be intrusted to any-'
body else. To maintain discipline and to perform
the duty in a responsible manner, you require at
least the number of officers that will bo afforded
by two companies. You cannot, therefore, double
the size of a company without injury to the public
service, relying on one company to constitute a
garrison instead of two.
That is one reason. Another is, that by increas-
ing the number of companies, you give that advan-
tage which the Senator from Texas [Mr. Hous-
ton] has illustrated as his opinion of the present
defect in the Army—the want of an opportunity
of promotion and inducement to the rank andfile.
These additional companies not only increase the
number of non-commissioned, but also the num-
ber of commissioned officers. They give an op-
portunity to worthy men, who enter the ranks of
the Army by enlistment, to rise to the grade of
commissioned officers. They give a nucleus on
which, in time of war, you can aggregate the raw
material of recruits, and increase the power of the
standing Army of the United States.
Here I would say to the Senator from Texas,
that he was egregiously mistaken in las argument
that a law had grown up of usage, which, for the
benefit of the graduates of the Military Academy,
now excluded the rank and file from promotion
in the Army. He said it was not now as it was
in the war of 1812. I wish to correct that error;
for, in the wisdom of Congress, upon the recom-
mendation of so humble an individual as myself,
the two Houses, not long since, adopted a provis-
ion, for the first time 111 this Government, which
made it quite easy for the Administration to pro-
vide for the certain promotion of a non-commis-
sioncd officer who proved himself worthy. For
the first time, I say, since the organisation of our
Army, the last Congress did provide for conferring
brevets on non-commissioned officers, and thus
made them certain of promotion, though the grad-
uates of the Military Academy should be equal to
all the vacancies which should occur within the
year. The Senator, t say, therefore, was egre-
giously mistaken in assuming that the door to pro-
motion had been closed against the rank and file
of the Army. It has been opened, sir.
Another Senator, (the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] I think it was,) asserted that, for
u great number of years, no such promotions had
occurred. There the mistake was equally great;
such promotions have been made from time to
time.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken; I
expressed no opinion on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not the Senator fiom
Georgia, but somebody else; but as I am making
points, not on individuals, but on the merits of
the question, it makes no difference who it, was.
Very probably it was the Senator from Texas;
but I say, whoever it was, it isequally erroneous,
because such promotions have been made by bre-
vet, to await vacancies. Promotions of that kind
have been made by nominations to the Senate, and
confirmations by the Senate. Sergeants were
raised to the grade of commissioned officers in the
new regiments that were provided for three years
ago; and never before, in the history of the Army
since I have known it, has the rank and file had
so wide and open a door to enter into the grade
of commissioned officers as now. This is hut
widening that door which admits the rank and file
to rise to the grade of commissioned officers. It
is but increasing the number of commissioned
officers who will serve in detached posts, thus
relieving them from the danger and the toil of a
responsibility which they cannot probably meet,
if reduced to the small number of two or three, to
perform, not only their regular duties, but all the
staff duties of a garrison at a frontier post.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate, if they think
that the addition of the thirty companies and the
increase of"the maximum of the strength of each
company to ninety-six, will give more troops than
are required, will prefer rather to keep down the
maximum,as itis now, to seventy-four, andgive
the additional companies, because I believe it will
create a more effective force than increasing the
maximum of the rank and file of the Army, that
maximum being a need which is rather upon
paper than in the field. It is merely the mode by
which you will fill up a company to a strength
from which it will waste away on a distant cam-
paign or at a distant post. It will have really but
very little effect, on account of the power of the
War Department to send out unattached recruits,
and thus bring them to the distantposts at a time
when the company has been wasted below the
maximum of seventy-four. _
If, then, the purpose of the Senate be to limit
the size of the Army to any certain standard, I
appeal to them that they shall, in consideration of
the great interest which is involved, strike from
the bill the second section, taking the numerical
strength away which that would confer, and leave
the fiist section, which perfects our system and
enables us to occupy the great number of posts we
now have with our small Army, without reducing
the number of commissioned officers at each post
below that which will enable them efficiently to
perform every duty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have desired, sir, to
say something, not much, on this subject. I am
apprehensive that this recommendation of the
President has not received that sober and direct
consideration to which it is entitled. The debate
has been principally occupied with stating objec-
tions to standing armies, objections to an in-
crease of our Army because of the emptiness of
Tvoncnrir obipctions to it, because of the at>
our Treasury, objections to it bccause of the ap'
prchended misuse of it which the Executive may
make, and other reasons of this sort. But, with
the President, it seems to me, that if all these
objections be admitted, (and many of them are
well founded objections to standing armies,) still
the question comes up, whether the proposed or
any increase of the Army of the United States
is necessary for the public service, or would be
useful for the public service ? That is the ques-
tion. If it would be so, we ought to grant that
increase, although we admit every objection and
every danger that is attendant on the measure.
It is said we ought to be jealous of standing
armies. So we ought. I honor the sentiment, and
concur in it. It is said wc ought to be regardful
of the condition of the Treasury. So we ought;
and its present condition demands our serious
consideration in every question of expenditure.
It is said that the President of the United States
may make an ill use of this increased military
power which you are giving him by increasing
the Army. It may be so. There is no power
granted to the President that he may not abuse;
but there is no power that he can abuse with less
probable success than the command of such an
army as we now have. What can he do with it?
Is it a standing army within the compass of that
wise jealousy which we have been warned to
entertain against standing armies? This warning
is said to be hereditary to us, impressed oil our
minds by the teaching of our forefathers. He it so;
but while they wai-ned us against standing armies,
they meant such standing armies as were useless
in time of peace. Notwithstanding all their teach-
ings, they knew and recognized the absolute ne-
cessity that every Government like this should
maintain some permanent military force. That
did not contradict their warning, in the proper
sense of the term, against standing armies. 1 he
| necessity of preserving a force of this sort was
j always recognized by them when this Govern-
' mcnt w,as poorest and weakest, and least able to
maintain an army.
The only question for us now really is to decide
whether the proposed increase is one required by
the public service, or will contribute to the pro-
motion of the public interests. That is the ques-
tion. If it be, we must encounter the expense. If
it be, we must hazard the danger of the abuse of
this increased military power by the Executive.
We must always do it. Every power you grant
him is liable to abuse, but none so little liable as
the command of twenty thousand men in this
country. He cannot use this power to any great
extent to the detriment of the public. All his mis-
use of that power must be open, and flagrant, and
notorious. The public will be warned of that, and
that warning will be enough to divert any danger
thatit might occasion. There are other powers of
the Executive more liable to objection on this
ground. His power of patronage is susceptible
of a much wider range of injurious and corrupting
and dangerous influence, than any which he can
derive from the command of sucli an army as ours,
even when it shall be increased as proposed. That
patronage in its influence may work secretly and
privately; the public cannot see it; the public are
not permitted to hear it. It works its dangerous
and winding way in secrecy and darkness. You
do not take away that power from him because it
may be abused; but this other power which it is
said he may abuse, the command of a military
force, cannot be made use of to any improper or
injurious purpose, without its becoming open and
notorious to the public. The firing of his cannon
will be heard all round about, and the country will
be put on its guard and warned to inquire what
is this for, and why is it, and whatlaw warrants it.
The question is plainly one of military calcu-
lation. What army is necessary to perform the
great military police duty of this country? We
have had a standing Army, if you please to call
it so, for this purpose from the origin of the Gov-
ernment. The only increase which I contemplate
voting for would raise your Army to an amount
not exceeding twenty thousand men. Is that too
much? Let gentlemen decide. My knowledge
of the particular services and exigencies of this
great and wide country is not sufficient to enable
me to determine, with any sort of precision, what
is the force that is necessary. ' I know that, ac-
cording to all experience and my own convictions,
some force is necessary. That has been admitted
by all. How much, exactly, is a subject, I pre-
sume, not capable of exact or mathematical defi-
nition. You cannot define exactly the amount of
force that is necessary, but we can look around
our country; we can see generally the duties that
this Army has to perform, and determine income
general way, each one for himself. But it is the
business of the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, who manage this military force, who
direct all its exertions, and place it wherever dan-
ger, or safety, or the public interest requires it, all
over this country, to know and to make a calcu-
lation approximating, at least, to certainty as to
the amount of force that is necessary. I cannot
tell. I know we have a vast boundary. I know
it comprehends many savage tribes who are ne-
cessary to bo restrained for the protection of the
rural and domestic people of the country. We
have garrisons to maintain and man. We may
have insurrections to suppress, though I throw
them out of the calculation; they cannot amount
to much. I throw out of the calculation any im-
aginary necessity for the use of the military force
in Kansas. 1 cannot, however,altogether throw
out of view the necessity there may be for ti oops
to be sent to Utah, because that is a step the Ex-
ecutive has already taken; and we have there in
those mountains now, surrounded by snows and
threatened by enemies and rebels, some fifteen or
sixteen hundred of our countrymen, sent there by .
the orders of the Government. This must have
some consideration here.
All these things considered, can we say with
assurance and satisfaction to ourselves that less
than twenty thousand is an ample number ? If I
could say that less than that number was adequate ,
or the present Army in the service of the United
States was sufficient, I would not vote for an ad-
ditional man. It is not because a President has
asked an increase, or a Secretary has asked an
increase, that I would register their opinions as
laws, simply because it is their wish and theirjudg-
ment that it should be. It must have the corrob-
oration of my judgment. Certainly, I think that,
in legislating on this subject, a proper degree ot
deference, and a proper degree of respect ought
to be paid to the opinions and judgments of the
War Department, not because of any influence -
they are entitled to have over our judgment, but
because, if they do their duty, they ought to know
