1858.
the congressional globe.
§m
better, and be better informed than we are of the
public necessities on this subject, and of the pub-
lic force that is actually required to do the peo-
ple's business, so far as that is involved in the
military affairs of the country. That is my idea.
I give them that respect, and no more. The Pres-
ident urges it; the Secretary of War urges it; the
general commanding the Army urges it, a higher
authority with me on such a question than any
other; but ! only admit that as an authority be-
cause it is an opinion on a subjcct that ought to
be known to the individual who gives the opin-
ion; he should be well acquainted with it, and I
am not.
I think, therefore, that we ought to be very
well assured that some increase is necessary; but
how shall wo give it? It is with great reluctance
and diffidence, in my judgment, that I differ with
my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] on this
point. Knowing his military experience and char-
acter, and his general ability, I difier from him
with great caution; but I wish to make this in-
crease as little expensive to the Government as
possible. I should think that the little increase
that may be necessary may be fully accomplished
by leaving it to the discretion of the President,
whenever he deems it necessary and proper for
the public service, to incr.ease the privates of
every company nowin the Army to ninety-six, on
his responsibility. I think there can be no objec-
tion to that. The authority, if executed to the
utmost, would give htm an additional number of
about four thousand three hundred men. There
would be no additional expense for officers. It
would bo merely an increase of privates by add-
ing to the number in each company now in the
Army. lam willing to do that;and then the Presi-
dent should say not, that the public service has
been neglected or done amiss because Congress
would not give the necessary force. Here you
have put at your discretion a body of four thou-
sand three hundred men, to be added to the Army
whenever you shall think the public service
demands it. I am willing to vote that; that is
the second section of the bill; and when the bill
shall be (as it may easily be by ahttle change or
transformation of its language) reduced to that,
I am willing to vote for it. That is all the in-
crease my judgment can be made to approve of;
and in adding that I do it not so much because I
perceive the necessity for it, as because to that
extent I am not willing to oppose my own judg-
ment to the judgment of those whom I acknowl-
edge ought to be better acquainted with the subject
than I am.
Much has been said on this subject that goes
altogether beyond the scope of the bill which is
presented to us. My old friend from Texas [Mr.
Houston] has taken the widest range. His views
are usually of a very catholic and general kind.
He is opposed, I believe, to the whole standing
Army; and he thinks the military genius of the
country would be better piomoted and more ex-
cited by appealing, whenever public service of a
military character is necessary, to the militia or
volunteers—appealing to the courage and to the
genius of the country. That seems to be the gen-
tleman's great object—to patronize and encourage
the general genius of the people. If I understand
him, he would also be willing to see abolished the
Military Acadcmy at West Point. In both these
particulars I differ with great diffidence from him
on military subjects, because he is a veteran and
a warrior; but I find these peculiarities in his
opinions naturally resulting from the condition
and circumstances of his life. He has fought his
battles; he has won his victories; he has won his
laurels, fighting with militia and volunteers. He
lias been associated and identified with them in
the whole long career of his distinguished mili-
tary exploits. This gives a bias to bis mind.
But, sir, all experience has determined, as I be-
fore said, that, while we have an everlasting and
all-conquering force in that resource of going to
the body of our fellow-citizens for great military
power, when the country shall require it, some
regular army is necessary. 1 can concur in all
his eulogiums uponour citizen soldiers; but, while
I do1-that, I must differ from him as to the policy
and propriety of maintaining a permanent mili-
tary force to some extent, to be always ready.
They are always necessary for some occasions.
For the protection of our fortifications and fron-
tiers, for manning those forti esses which we have
erected for the protection of our great cities, we
must have some troops; and that is not a servicc
in which volunteers will engage.
Besides, you must not only cherish, as the gen-
tleman proposes, the native military genius and
spirit of the country, but you must cultivate aijd
preserve, at least, the science of war. Untaught
bravery, untaught genius, will not supply the
place of that military experience and that military
knowledge which is necessary to insure success.
Wo must cultivate and educate them. I look on
West Point with the greatest possible favor.
There is a nationality about it that I like. There
our young men learn that they belong to thosame
nation, though they come from all its different
portions. All idea of sectionalism is lost; their
ideas are concentrated on a common country; they
are educated by that country; their common grat-
itude is directed to a common object; their fidelity
to their country is secured in early life by the very
terms of their education.
All this is very desirable to one who would
wish these sectionalisms and every sort of sec-
tionalism entirely effaced and made to give way
to more generous and more national and more
patriotic feelings. I admire it as an institution to j
be cherished. The country is already much in-
debted to it. Is there such a class of army of-
ficers m any part of the world, of the same clnv- j
airy, of the same honor, of the same intelligence,
of the same intellect, that occupies the humblest
ranks in your Army ? Not in the world. They
are a class of officers that must insure victory to ,|
your standard whenever you fight on anything j
like equal terms with any enemy that this world |
can bring to confront you. Instinctively military, |
brought up scientifically to all its work and to all j
its arts, and each one fighting with the zeal and
spirit and hopes of a republican citizen, what can ■
resistthem? Nothing. The world presents no such
motives to the soldiery of any country on earth, !
nor do the armies of the world present men so
well educated and prepared to occupy any station,
i There is hardly from that institution any second
1 lieutenant in the Army who could not command
his regiment, if the casualties and misfortunes of
the day required it, and take the command in-
stantly—not one. There never was such a little
Army.
What does it do ? Gentlemen say they see
nothing particularly requiring an increase. Well,
I ask gentlemen to look at what this little Army
of ours performs. Take any single regiment of
it. Let any gentleman who happens to be ac-
quainted with its movements trace where it has
been, what it has done, within any period of
time to which he chooses to limit his inquiries,
and he will find the same regiment to have been
fighting at one time in the swamps of Florida; he
will find that same regiment a year afterwards,
perhaps, in Oregon or m Washington Territory;
he will find it afterwards at San Francisco; he will
find it again at Fort Leavenworth, fifteen hundred
miles from New Orleans on the Missouri river, on
the Indian frontier,engaged in an Indian skirmish,
or an Indian pursuit. Was there ever an army i
in the world that performed the labor of- this
, Army? I think there is not, within my knowl-
edge, an army of twice its number that performs
the same amount of labor in any part of the world
that this little Army of ours does; and that, I pre-
sume, is one reason of the great, alarming, expense
which is brought upon us by our soldiers. We
are told that, according to a capitation division of
the cost, they cost us a thousand or fifteen hun-
dred dollars each. They are constantly in mo-
tion, and always on the frontiers of the country,
where everything that is necessary for the soldier
is dear, where everything costs a great deal by
reason of the distant transportation you have to
make of whatever feeds him, whatever clothes
him, and whatever aims him.
That must be one reason why this expense has
been rendered so great. And how have theyper-
fornied the duties assigned them ? I have spoken
of the mere labor which is thrust upon them, be-
yond that which I believe is thrust on the officers
of any branch of the public service. There are
no clerks in the Executive Departments; there are
no officers here, that perform the same amount of
public labor and public service as the soldiers of
our Army do; and how do they perform it? Like
soldiers, like American disciplined soldiers, obe-
dient to your first word of command, performing
the most perilous duties without a murmur; nptlir
ing bu-t discipline, and courage, and firmness and
devotion manifested in the whole course of their
military operations. Whatever may be your
orders and the command of your Government,
they execute unhesitatingly. Look at the little in-
glorious war carried on by them in the swamps of
Florida for a long time, wading through swamps
and marshes in the pursuit of Indians, perishing
with disease, perishing with inglorious wounds
received from an enemy in ambush, and dying
there without a murmur, and without a groan to
disturb the tranquillity or the happiness ef their
country. So it is wherever they have served.
How did they serve you in Mexico? How was
it that they were always victorious ? Could you
have expected to accomplish such results with
untiained troops? Certainly you could not. Could
you have expected with such troops to have ac-
complished such a work, unless you had your
ranks filled by the young officers that came from
West Point. No, sir. There is the secret of our
wonderful success—that, and the ability of the
general-in-chief, and our generals, who controlled
and directed it to its proper objects, and their
courage and discipline. Are we not satisfied?
Does not our great experience satisfy us tjiat we
have had a good return for the expense we have
had for our permanent military force? Your tri-
umph in Mexico, your speedy and glorious term-
ination of that war, was the work of the men you
had been sustaining and maintaining as a perma-
nent military force. 1 believe we ought to value
this little Army of ours at a high rate. There is
no other such in the world. There is no other
where the feeling of patriotism, and where the
feeling of citizenship still survives every other
consideration to the same degree that it does in
our Army. There is no other army of the same
amount of force, that has over performed what
your Army has performed, and is daily perform-
ing. I regret to hear gentlemen here say they are
willing to°abolish this Army. I am not. I believe
it is necessary; and at the same time I perfectly
sympathize with most of the opinions which have
been uttered here, inculcating a jealousy of stand-
ing armies. Any idle, useless army, for which
the public has no service, I call a standing army;
but a mere military force of twenty thousand,
which performs only a sort of police duty, cannot
awaken alarm. I cannot fear it. I do not; but
upon principle, I will not increase it a single
man, if I know it, beyond what the public service
and the public good actually require.
Entertaining these views, Mr. President, I must
vote to strike out the first section of this bill,
which, I believe, is now the question, because it
proposes to increase the Army by additional com-
panies, and I shall limit myself simply to voting
for an increase by additional privates to each com-
pany in the Army, which. I think, will give an
adequate force for the service of the country, So
far as I am informed
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I did not think that
it would fall to my lot to stand here to representee
views of the Administration on this question; but
as none of the friends of the Administration have
done it, and as I am fully advised of their views,
though not by any private conference, I shall state,
in behalf of the Administration, that they do not
want this bill to pass. They are opposed to it;
and I will road to you an article from a newspa-
per of this date, which speaks by authority on this
subject—the Washington Union,- of February 10.
There is in the article a little censure for the Mili-
tary Committee of this body, which I shall not
read, but merely allude to. It is an intimation
that, if they had done their duty, this matter would
have been disposed of long ago; and I now come
to this part:
'•The inference is iiresistible that the theory, organiza-
tion, and efficiency of the Army "are better known at the
War Office than at any other Department; and when that
office asks an increase by regiments, m the nature of things
Congress must infer there is good reason and sound policy
in that request, as far as the form of increase is concerned
especially. There is, then, manifest wrong m the present
bill before the Senate." ,
That is what the Administratis say—" man-
ifest wrong"—-1 knew it before I saw it in this
paper, [laughter,] but I suppose some on the other
side did not—"toadd companies instead of regi-
ments;" and now the paper goes on to tell the
reason why it is wrong:
" We are probably safe in the assertion, that not one in
