1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other, and I would have him repaid. I under-
stood the Senator from Louisiana, a little while
ago, to say, that if the Clerk made a fair showing
that he had paid the money, he would give his
vote for reimbursement. I understand him to as-
sent to that now. Then if this amendment is
adopted, and the Clerk does show that he has paid
the money out, he can only get by this amend-
ment what he has paid out, and that would be
accomplishing by this bill exactly what the Sen-
ator would be willing to do by another bill or
resolution. Then I might ask the honorable Sen-
ator why he would not vote for it now?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will tell him at once? When the applica-
tion is made for the reimbursement of this Clerk,
I want something more than vouchers. I want
this question of his payment of the money sub-
mitted to a committee of Congress, and I want to
examine the parties to whom he says he has paid
it, and take evidence and cross-examine them. I
understand this whole thing is a covered-up snare
and delusion.
Mr. CLARK. It may be a covered-up snare
and delusion, for aught that I know; but this
amendment provides only that'the Clerk shall be
refunded the money which he has paid, not the
money which he has covcred up. I do not see
why you cannot as well show under this amend-
ment what is paid, as you can show it anywhere
else; and I want to get so much. I do not pro-
pose to have this Clerk turned over, if I can pre-
vent it by my vote, to another bill. Let him be
paid by this bill, and let him be paid what he has
paid out under the order of the House. I shall
give my vote for this amendment; and then, as
indicated by the Senator from Massachusetts, if
the amendment does not prevail, I will vote to
strike out the whole section and let it go back to
the House again, and let them come in with a
clean bill, and let the whole thing be considered.
I would be glad to secure so much here. The
Clerk has paid out money under the order of the
House. I think 110 one here will say that he
ought to lose what he has paid out. He should
be repaid. Then you gain so much by adopting
this amendment: you provide that he shall be re-
paid what he has paid. I therefore shall go for
this amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin;
but if it is not adopted, I shall go for striking out
the whole section, so that in some other way the
Clerk may be repaid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merely suggest to
the Senator from New Hampshire that the way
in which this matter is settled at the Treasury is
perfectly understood here in Washington. If
this is left to the Secretary of the Treasury, this
Clerk carries him receipts; they are vouchers
which are admitted; he gets the money under these
receipts; he then takes it and pays it to the par-
ties who have given these receipts; if he does not
get it, he returns the receipts. I want this matter
investigated by a committee to see if the money
has been paid.
Mr. CLARK. As I understand, this amend-
ment proposes only to pay what he has paid; not
where he has earned a receipt and has not paid
money, but what has been paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot investigate that question. When
vouchers arebrought to him—the receipts for pay-
ment—he takes them as proof of payment; and he
is thus defrauded in a matter which he has no
Eower to investigate. The receipts are vouchers;
ut a committee of the Senate can bring the par-
ties before it, put them on oath, and ascertain
whether the money was really paid, or whether
these are vouchers furnished for the purpose of
getting the money.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the position of the
Senator from Louisiana; but I do not understand
that this amendment provides how the Clerk shall
show that he has paid it. It does not provide that
he shall simply exhibit his receipts and be paid.
He is only to be repaid the money that he has
paid out. The officers of the Treasury may take
such method as they choose for ascertaining that
fact. I want to gain one step in regard to it here;
I do not see why, if we should refuse to pay it
here, we are to pay it afterwards; I do not under-
stand any Senator to be against refunding to the
Clerk what he lias already paid. As I said be-
fore, he paid it under the order of the House. He
stood in a poculiarposition—the House command-
ing him to pay, and it would be hardly courteous
in him to the House to get up and say: " I will
not pay that money, you are acting in defiance
of law." The House would have said: "Itisnot
for you to judge, sir; pay the money under the
resolution of the House." It was a delicate po-
sition in which to place the Clerk.
I admit, freely, that I have been embarrassed
in regard to this vote. It is a delicate question;
it is difficult to decide what to do. It is difficult
to know how you are going to stop this improper
sort of allowance, if you may call it so. The in-
justice would be very great in refusing to repay
to the Clerk money paid out in good faith. We
are to take it that he did pay it in good faith, until
the contrary is shown. -You are not to presume
fraud on his part. I do not know how things are
done in Washington; but before I will refuse to
pay that money to the Clerk, as the case stands
now, you must show that he acted fraudulently;
you are not to presume it; and when you can show
me that he has done it, then that will be a reason
why he should not be repaid at all, why he should
not have an additional bill. As the case stands
now, however,it seems to me he should be repaid,
and there is no reason why he should not be. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BIGGS. This may be a test question, and
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] I am
willing to add to the section the clause which was
added by the committee in reference to future
allowances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only be
done by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays
having been ordered on the proposition.
Mr. PUGH. I presume there will be no ob-
jection to the Senator perfecting his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will be modified as proposed. The
Chair hears no objection.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Broderick, Brown, Cameron,
Clark, CoIIamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, kee,
Evans, Fessenden, Fitch, Poster, Gwin, Houston, Kenne-
dy, Polk, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Truinbuli, and
Wade—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard,Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Clay, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hale, Harlan, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Mason, Sebastian, Sli-
de]!, Toombs, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—22.
So the amendment of Mr. Doolittle was agreed
to.
Mr. JONES. I have now modified the amend-
ment which I offered, so as to make it conform to
your decision, sir, and make it in order. I be-
lieve it was 111 order before. I did not hear the
decision of the Chair, however. The amendment
is, in section three, line eight, after the word " ac-
counts," to insert:
And that there shall he paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, by the Secretary of the Senate, to the em-
ploy^ of the Senate who did not receive the same at the
iast session, the amounts respectively that were allowed to
the employes of the House by the resolution of the House
of Representatives of March 2, 1857.
[ I merely wish to remark that I voted for the
j amendment of the Senator from North Carolina,
j but I am desirous of placing our employes on an
; equal footing with those of the House of Repre-
sentatives. If they are paid, I want ours to be.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask to have that amend-
ment read again. I think it is not in order unless
it comes from a committee.
Mr. JONES. It is perfectly in order.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to amend
j the amendment before the Senator from Virginia
I raises his question. I shall vote against U in any
| shape in which it may be put^ut it ou ht to be
j made general, and include the employes in charge
! of the library, because they are here, and they
j ought to come in with the others. They are not
j legislative clerks, but still they are usually em-
I braced in these resolutions; and, if the others are
' paid, I do not see any reason why they should
| not be.
j Mr. JONES. I accept the modification.
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the Senator from
Virginia raises his point of order, 1 would sug-
gest to my friend from Iowa to make his amend-
ment perfect by including the employes of the ex-
ecutive department, and of the judicial department
of the Governmentthroughoutthe United-States,
so as to make it regular everywhere. ? :
Mr. JONES. I cannot stand that, it:is a
little too strong. ; * - -v- . ■;
Mr. HUNTER. This is an addition to the ap-
propriations tnade in the bill. I raise a question
of order whether, without a- report from a com 
mittee, such an amendment Can be offered'?- ~ •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,'Un-
derstands from the Senator from Iowa that he con-
siders this to be within the rule because, as lie
reasons, it is money to be paid out of-the contin-
gent fund which is already appropriated.
Mr. JONES. That is exactly (he idea. . :
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
therefore submit the question of the admission of
this amendment to the Senate, without deciding it.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Chair
submits it to the Senate to say whether theamend-
ment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit it to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I would say to the Senate
that they ought to be cautious in ruling such a
thing as this to be in order, because it undoubtedly
is an addition to the appropriation, and we are
permitting the House to pass upon the mode in
which we shall appropriate our own contingent
fund. We may do that in a separate resolution;
we may do that without an appropriation bill; but
we cannot add that to an appropriation bill with-
out violating the rule referred to. That is a matter
which belongs to the Senate, and we are not to in-
voke the House to say whether we shall appro-
priate our contingent fund.
Mr. STUART. That may be a reason against
adopting the amendment, but the rule certainly
prohibits only such amendments as involve no
appropriations. It will be seen at a glance what
is the reason for asking that there be an estimate
from the head of a Department or a recommend-
ation from a standing committee of the Senate, in
order to make an amendment in order. That
shows that it is one involving a new appropria-
tion. No amendment that does not involve a new
appropriation is out of order undef that rule; and
it is the every-day practice here to alio wan amend-
ment coming from a committee to be amended on
the motion of a single member, though the amend-
ment to the amendment may in itself inoreasfe or
diminish the amount of money appropriated; In-
asmuch as this amendment provides for its pay-
ment out of the contingent fund of the Senate, it 4
is clear that it does not involve any additional
appropriation. The rule only cuts off additional
appropriations. As I said, the argument of the
Senator from Virginia may be a good one to in-
duce the Senate to vote against the amendment,
but as a question of order it certainly has no appli-
cation.
Mr. COLLAMER. After the place where the
present amendment is proposed to be inserted,
the section provides that the amount shall be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. It has a general provision of that
kind. The money would have to be paid, even
if it should come out of our contingent fund; and
therefore it is really an additional appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
whether the amendment of Mr. Jones should be
received as in order, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was not received.
Mr. WILSON. Would it be in order now to
insert the words " and may be" after the words
" have been,"and before the word " paid?" The
motion I make is, to insert the words " or may
be" after the word " been" in the fourth line of
the third section.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, those
words have already been stricken out by an
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin. If
so, we cannot have another vote on it without re-
consideration. We cannot move to insert that
which has been stricken out by a vote of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the whole section is stricken out.
This is now proposed as an amendment to the
amendment modified as presented.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it an amendment to an
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole sec-
tion was stricken out, and a new one introduced
