1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64#
of the Government to put down such an insurrec-
tion, and to compel obediencc.
1 am at a loss to understand how any one enter-
taining, as I do, the doctrine that this Government
has power to acquire new territory, can at the
same time deny that it has power to control it.
We acquire a Territory with a population not
comprehending ourinstitutions, having no attach-
ment to them, and we admit at the same time that
we have no more right to use coercive measures
within the limits of that Territory than in one of
the equal States of the Union ! It would be the
Dead Sea fruit turned to ashes. The population
might at once erect a government, not only anti-
republican, but destructive of all the great prin-
ciples that lie at the foundation of our Constitu-
tion. They might build up a monarchy. If you
were to acquire an island, or a Territory, or a
State, the whole population of which had been
reared in subordination to monarchical education,
and then at once to say, after we had expended
thousands of lives and millions of treasure, these
jnen are allowed to do what they please within
their own limits, and the Government that has ac-
quired the Territory by conquest or by purchase
has no authority to exercise any authority over
them, I think it is an absurdity on its face, and
only has to run to these remote consequences to
become apparent to every one.
Then, sir, I say the use of troops in a Territory
of the United States does not stand in the same
relation to constitutional questions as the use of
troops in a State of the union. I deny, as em-
phatically as any one, the power of this Govern-
ment to coerce a State. That is a question which
was discussed in the convention that formed the
Constitution, and which was so powerfully stated
by Mr. Madison to be a proposition, not to form
a Union and preserve the States, but to provide
the means for the destruction of the St.itrs. 4-
State may, through its Legislature or its Govern-
or, invoke the aid of the Federal Government,
and of the other States; but the Federal Govern-
ment has no power to invade the limits of aState,
there to attempt the coercion of its people.
With this broad distinction I think the whole
argument falls, except in the minds of those who
still insist that the inhabitants of a Territory have
all the political rights of the people of a State. I
belong not to that school.
Then the argument is made, as a natural con-
sequence of denying the right to use the troops,
that in a period of profound peace, and of financial
embarrassment, the startling proposition is made to
increase the military establishment of the United
States ! Peace, it is true, exists between our coun-
try and all foreign countiies, and I hope long may
continue; but, in the mean time, we are engaged
in a constant succession of border hostilities. Al!
around that vast territory which lies between the
Pacific settlements and those of the Mississippi
valley, is a constant succession of hostilities with
roving bands of Indians. If this is peace, when
but eight hundred and sixty-nine men, officers
and enlisted soldiers, can be left to garrison all the
great fortifications on our sea-board, what, I pray,
would be war? That proportion was left during
the war with Mexico; and that proportion would
be required in a war with any country, even if wc
were the invading Power; and that proportion of
troops is altogether inadequate for the purposes
for which those fortifications were built, in the
case of any sudden surprise. It is not a state of
peace so far as the Army is concerned.
The financial embarrassments of the country,
the diminution of revenue because of a failure to
pay the duties on imports, constitutes in my mind
no difficulty at all to discharging any of the du-
ties that belong to this Government. I wish that
source of supply to our Treasury was cut off for-
ever. I wish your great army of retainers and
your numerous palaces for customs purposes
were all disbanded, all evacuated, and we went
back to that simple process of collecting money
upon the people themselves, and let the people
themselves look to the mode m which it was ex-
pended.
Then, sir, proceeding to answer the objections
as they have arisen, as nearly as I can, in their
order, the next was, that the Indians, by removal
to the west of the Mississippi, had had their
strength broken; that they had no power to resist
us: and the next, in connection with it. was, that'
by the improvement of communication twenty-
five thousand men had been made equal to what
one hundred thousand were twenty-five years ago.
Is it true that the concentration of the Indianson
the west side of the Mississippi has diminished
their strength? Is not the reverse true? * When
they were separate tribes, living surrounded by an
active, intelligent population, driven themselves,
by the small amount of territory they inhabited,
to agricultural pursuits, when they lived in towns
and villages where they could always be found,
when they were dependent on their crops, the
destruction of which must always bring them im-
mediately to submission, it was an easy matter
to control them, compared with the condition in
which they now exist. On a wide extent of ter-
ritory, brought into contiguity with each other, no
longer surrounded by white population, driven to
the chase for subsistence, returning every year
more and more to their roving and original habits,
these people have not only been made stronger,
but they have been made more disposed to hos-
tility than they were in their former position.
Again, by the acquisition of territory, and the
extension of our settlements into territory long
since acquired, we have been brought into con-
tact with those tribes which, heretofore unac-
quainted with the white men, must go through
the same process, the same series of conflicts and
subjugation which had rendered the eastern In-
dians, before their removal, harmless in their con-
tiguity to the whites. Not only this, butourpop-
ulation has poured over the mountains, and com-
menced extending from the Pacific as a front; our
people have pressed the Indians back from the
fertile valleys they inhabited, and from the soft
climate where they were reared in proximity to
the coast, and have driven them into the mount-
ains—into a country so arid that a large portion
of it can only be cultivated by irrigation. They
have thus again reduced them to the chasc for
subsistence, and (hose Indians may well look on
the valleys, and, like the Gaels in the Highlands,
claim the right to redeem from the plain and the
valley, as long as one sheep shall stand on a por-
tion of their own heritage. These forays have
been perpetrated, and they are to be perpetrated,
until a new state of things shall be brought into
existence. During that period of transition, when
the Indiansmay be gathered from these vast hunt-
ing grounds on reservations which they will and
can cultivate, it will be necessary to preserve a
military force sufficiently large to rule them by
coercion; and this is the opinion of every intelli-
gent sub-agent whose opinions I find recorded in
the-volume which contains the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
These things are facts on which I should think
the Senate might reach the conclusion that the rec-
ommendations of the President and the Secretary
of War have not been made without some due con-
sideration. These volumes have been but recently
printed, and laid on the tables of Senators. I trust-
ed that as they progressed in the examination of
them, many of those objections and doubts which
were expressed two or three days ago would van-
ish. I believe that the increase which is proposed
by the committee to be the least which the present
exigencies of the country will permit. If the Sen-
ate had indicated a purpose to adopt the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War, the commit-
tee were ready at any time to withdraw their bill
and allow the Senate to pass the other; but on the
vote it was made apparent that that was impossi-
ble; it was not within the view of the Senate,get-
ting but eight votes, and some of them hostile;
and, therefore, the committee feel that it is their
duty to urge the adoption of the bill which they
have reported as a means absolutely necessary to
the performance of these duties unless some sub-
stitute can be provided.
IknowthattheSenatorfromTexas, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] whose familiarity with Indian character I
do not doubt, has proposed to us a remedy which
every man 's heart would respond to as much more
desirable, if it were attainable. He proposes an
Indian policy which is to substitute kindness, jus-
tice, and generosity; and one might suppose,that
the Government had pursued a different policy;
but his remarks put it out of the question that he
meant the Government had pursued any other
policy than this, except through the regular Army.
Now, sir, I believe that the argument of the Sen-
ator from Texas is somewhat answered by the
argument of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.} The Senator from Georgia says that
the regular Army is entirely harmless ars against
Indians; so that if the Senator from Texas think®
they are dangerous, I must refer him to his friend
from Georgia, who assures him that the Army is:
quite harmless in relation to the Indians.
This being out of the way, he appeals to the
high motives and the generous character of the
Indians to remove the necessity for any military
force. In the first place, Indian agents do not
seem to entertain that idea. In the next place, the
officers of the Army are frontier men, and they
know more of the Indians than anybody else;,
and much as the Senator himself has seen of In-
dian tribes, I should say he had not seen as many
weeks of Indian service as every field officer of
the Army on the frontier has seen years." I do-
not think, therefore, his opinion is to be put 'm
opposition to that of the sub-agents of Indian af-
fairs, and that of military officers whose acquaint-
ance with the Indian exceeds that of any other
class of our population.
I have no confidence in the high principles that
arc ascribed to the Indians. They have a certain
sort Qf morality—a certain sort of religion, if you
may so call it—and in that there are some things
good. Perhaps no body of men is wholly bad.
Take them as a class, they are as deceptive,, as
blood-thirsty, as treacherous,as cowardly a race
of men as I believe are to be found on the fh.ee of
the globe. If our frontier inhabitants have some-
times committed aggressions on them, where is
the frontier settlement that does not record the
most cold-blooded and cowardly murders of wo-
men and children? Where is the frontier settle-
ment that docs not bring with its tradition torture-
at the stake of a prisoner when he stood power-
less, at the hands of a hostile savage band ? Are
these the high principles to which the Senator ap-
peals? Are these the noble qualities that are to
make the Indian an exception, and lift him at once
out of barbarism by holding to him something
like an example of those qualities which he may
perhaps possess when the millennium shall come?
In the mean time, I rely, as everybody else con-
nected with the Indians, as every frontier inhabit-
ant whose wife and children are exposed to be
tomahawked by these Indians, relies'on force of
some kind as the only means for giving that pro-
tection which the Government owes to its people.
Thus, then, we proceed to inquire what the
character of the force should be; and, in this con-
nection, the regular troops of the Army have been
pronounced as ineffective. It is said they are in-
effective, and do not kill the Indians; but that the
volunteers bocomc excited, and do kill them. The
Senator from Texas says that if regular troops-
endeavored to pursue the Indians, they might be-
come excited and possibly do the same thing. I
am not to be put in the attitude of depreciating the
volunteer force of the country; nor shall I engage
in recrimination against the volunteers. My re-
lation to the volunteers and the regular troops is
the same. At one time or other, in the course
of my life, they have both been my companions..
My remembrance of both brings to mind many
associations, the dearest to me in my life. I have
seen all that ought to crown the American soldier
in the ranks of both regulars and volunteers.
Why should this war exist between these forces ?
Shoulder to shoulder they stand upon the battle-
field; together they bleed, even exchanging men
from one kind of force to the other, when it is
necessary. There, when the flag of their country
required them to do their utmost in the presence
of a hostile foe, these jealousies and depreciations
of one by the other did notarise. They were left
for the debate in the Senate, and for a time of piping
peace, and for places remote from the battle-field
where they fought for a common cause, inspired
by common sacrifices for a common country.
But the Senator from Texas says, surely with
entire sincerity, that he has not heard of any pur-
suit of Indians by regular troops; thatall that has
been done has been by volunteers. Well, sir, in
the volume which has been laid upon his desk,
the report of the Secretary of War, he will find
some cases cited—not all, but some which have
been cited because of their prominence. They
have been cited to show that the Army as it now
exists is not on a peace establishment, to show the
constant active service on which it is engaged.
Not only is it to be found in this volume, but it
has been circulated over the country in general
