1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2759
month; nor can he employ rodmen and chain-
bearers under seventy-five or one hundred dollars
a month. In order to separate these private land
claims from the public domain, they have not only
to employ laboring men to attend the engineer
force, but it becomes necessary to have scientific
men; and there is no place in the world where sci-
entific qualifications command a better price than
in California.
The gentleman says there is no difference in the
price of labor in Texas and California. Thegen-
tleman is greatly mistaken. The simple reason
that labor is so enhanced in price grows out of the
minjng interests of our State. If men cannot get
employment in San Francisco, Sacramento, Ma-
rysville, Stockton, or any of our large places,
they immediately go to the mines; and there is
no man who, by care, attention to business, and
industry, cannot make over two and a half or three
dollais a day in the mines.
Jt is this state of affairs which renders it neces-
sary (hat there should be a discrimination between
the price paid m the State which I have the honor
to represent and other States of the Union. We
find that there are one hundred and thirty million
acres of public land in California. We find there
are no incumbrances on those public lands. We
have no Indian treaties to be made in reference to
them, as the reservation system is adopted in that
State. Every acre belongs to the General Gov-
ernment. We find, however, that difficulties do
arise from what are known as private land claims
—claims held or claimed under Mexican grants,
prior to our acquisition of that territory from
Mexico—and we find that it becomes necessary
to separate those private claims from the public
domain.
The law, as it now stands, prohibits the sur-
veyor general from receivmganything from these
private claimants fur surveying their lands. Wo
find, further, that if the General Government
wishes to enjoy the benefits of the public domain,
it must, necessarily, separate that domain from
that portion which belongs to private individuals;
and the gentleman from Texas admits, m lus re-
marks, that it is more difficult to make these pri-
vate land claim surveys, than it is to run the lines
through and around the pubiicdomam. Asl said
before, the law prevents the surveyor general from
receiving any remuneration fiom these private
land claimants. It then devolves upon Congress
to pass some law by which he can make contracts
with deputy surveyors to separate the piivate hind
claims from tho public domain. The whole point
of the controversy which thcgentleman has raised,
is, whether tins is nccessary? 1 have stated that
the price of labor there is three times as gieat as
it is elsewhere; that you cannot get a woman ser-
vant under thirty dollars a month, or an able-
bodied man under sixty dollars a month, while
in Texas they can be obtained for ten or fifteen.
When we contrast the prices of labor and provis-
ions, we find that the dillerence is not so great as
stated by thcgentleman from Texas.
The matter was fully canvassed m the other
end of the Capitol, and one of the Senators from
my State, who first raised objection to the price
stated in this amendment, finally acknowledged
that it was necessary that this appropriation should
be made, or the surveyor's office in California
would be closed; and for six or seven months we
should have no surveys going on there. I feel no
interest in this matter beyond the benefit of my '
Stale. I know the surveyor general; he is a man
of undoubted integrity and honesty; he has been 1
identified with the history of that country since
]S49, and 1 know he will look after the Govern- h
meut interest, and that he will get these contracts ;j
taken by deputy surveyors at the lowest possible ji
price. He will advertise for bids, and the con- M
tracts will be let out to the lowest responsible par- >•
t;es, If he can get it done for fifteen dollais, he |i
will doit. There is a spirit of emulation and jj
rivalry there in all branches of business, as there ']
is here, and it will lead to competition in bidding,
which will accure the work to be done at the low-
est possible price, and, of course, that is as rea-
sonable as the gentleman can ask. But if you
were to limit the price to fifteen or twenty dollars,
you may appropriate an amount entirely inade-
quate to the service, and the result will be, that
you will have no surveys made, and the Govern-
ment will be deprived of millions of acres now
ordered to be sold, and the rights of the private
land claimants, which have suffered already from
litigation, will be trampled upon, because, for-
sooth, the gentleman from Texas thinks that this
appropriation is too large. Now I say, that, in
justice to these parties, and also to the numerous
settlers, whose rights are as much involved as
these land claimants, and also, in justice to the
Federal Government, I do not'believe that the
appropriation here made is too much; if it was, I
would be the first man to oppose it.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to reply to one portion
of the gentleman's argument. It is insisted that
the great difference in the price of labor in Cali-
fornia over other States, requires this largely-in-
creased price to begiven for surveying. My friend
from California says that while labor is worth
sixty dollars a month in California, it is, per-
haps, worth about twenty dollars a month in
Texas. I shall not inquire into the accuracy of
that statement. Take it to be correct, however.
By the laws now in existence, surveying costs
five times as much in California as in Texas.
What costs but three dollars in Texas costs six-
teen dollars m California. I take it there is no
good reason why that great difference should
exist. Anil yet, by this appropriation, it is pro-
! posed to make Height times as much as the ordi-
nary pricc of surveying in the southern States—
; in Arkansas, Louisiana,Texas, &c.—where labor
| is confessedly very high, and where the means of
; living are usually high. I cannot understand why
I this is so. My observation in life has led me to
I the conclusion that whenever a Government pre-
j scnts an inducement to the cupidity of men, they
j will avail themselves of it.
I It seems to me that such extraordinary legisla-
! tion as this has the most demoralizing effect on
] any community; and it is to that I object more
! than I do to the amount of money that may be
I paid out under this amendment. If the evil would
' end with the people of the country paying to a
| few officials in California $100 a section for sur-
1 veying land, I would not complain so much, even
; though it would take one or two hundred thou-
; sand dollars out of the Treasury. We can stand
; that; but when you taint the body-politic; when
: yon hold out an inducement to venality and cor-
ruption by that sort of legislation—I say it with
! all respect to tho.se who introduced the amend-
■ meat and advocated it—it leads people to extrav-
agance, and leads them to look to the Govern-
: ramit, instead of going to work themselves and
living by their honest toil, and by the sweat of
I then* brow, as the God of nature intended they
should live. ThedutiesoftheGovernmentshould
be discharged with honesty and fidelity, and with
a view as well to public morality as to the public
; Treasury. My great objection to tins whole sys-
tem is that we are creating so many offices, and
| paying such extravagant salaries, that men are
; inducing the people to stretch their consciences
j in the desire to get Government patronage. It is
j corrupting m its tendency, and dangerous in its
j character; and if the Government goes on as it
, is now going on, making offices that tempt the
cupidity of men, I fear that in ten years more ,
our Government will be r>s venal and corrupt as !
the Government of Mexico. These reasons apply '
to all such measures, but to this, it seems to me,
in an eminent degree. J
Fifth amendment:
Insert the following: J
For the sahuies and incidental expends of the institution 1
foi the nonaction of tho Deaf and Dumb ami Blind, m the j
Dmi icf of Columbia, authorized by the act approved May !
sSU, JW8, .$3,0C0. j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment:
increases the appropriation $3,000 for the in- ;
struction of the deaf and dumb and blind in the .
District of Columbia. The Committee of Ways !
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Insert the following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to fit
up the shelves in two rooms at the southend of the Libiary
of Congress, for the U3c of the Library, and foi putting up
a partition m the passage to them, £600.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Insert the following:
Foi repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, $3,000.
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
In^ett the following:
And for painting the hand mil* nnd iron work of said
biidge, $'100; and the bridge i* heiebv placed under the pro-
tection of Georgetown, with power to regulate the speed of
travel, and the p.is&age of dioves of cattle over the same,
but no tolls shall be ciuuged.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The committee here informally rose; and
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled:
An act (S. No. 198) for the relief of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Long; and
An act (S. No. 230) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Daniel Hay, deceased;
When the Speaker signed the same.
The committee then resumed its session.
Ninth amendment:
Insert the following •
For continuation of the tilling up of ravine, and grading
Judiciary Square, $7,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
| For continuing the grading and planting with trees the
| unitnpioved portion of the Mali, $10,000.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
; Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence in
i this amendment.
! The amendment was non-concurred in.
j Eleventh amendment:
I Ftrilie out tho following
j £" Provided. That no part of the sum hereby appropriated
■ shall be expended until contracts shall be entered into with
; rebpoiiMbU' partus for the completion of the woik, which,
! in the assn-gate, shall not exceed the amount hereby appro-
! p/iafcd "
: Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
I Ways and Means recommend non-concurrencc.
j The amendment was not concurred in.
; Twelfth amendment:
1 Pace 11. after lino twenty-one, insert as follows ;
, For Unu.'d Mates Capitol extension, $750,000.
! The CHAIRMAN stated that the hour had
!| arrived at which the debate was closed by the
I order of tin1 House, and that the gentleman from
! Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy Jones] was enti-
j tied to the i'oor for one hour.
; Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to go V,
[ on and debate the amendments as they come up. *
j I presume the committee understand this amend-
I ment of the Senate. The House struck out the ap-
I propriation for the Capitol extension, the amount
! originally being $1,000,000. The Senate have m-
: serted $750,000. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
j ment.
j Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I oftbr the fol-
: lowing as an amendment to the amendment:
I Piovuhtl, That no portion oi this appropnation shall be
' expended for painting oi decorating tne in tenor of the Cap-
■ iiol, unless the same he made under th". dnection ot thi"o
: American ai ti^t*. to he .ippomted by the President of tb^
; United State*; nor Miall any rontiact lit- inado foi such
, painting or decoiation except by the Joint Committee on
' the Library.
| Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order
1 on that amendment.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
! amendment out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " $750,000." 1
hope the House will not concur in the amendment
of the Sonate. Congress has refused to appro-
priate money, even in small amounts, for various
necessary improvements throughout the country
which are recommended by the Departments and
the Committee of Ways and Means. At present
the Capitol is secure, so that it is not necessary to
make any further improvements in order to pro-
tect it from the weather. The money must, there-
fore, be expended chiefly on the internal decora-
tion of the Capitol, with the exception, probably,
of the completion of the Senate Chamber. The
money is not immediately necessary for any ex-
ternal work. The appropriation, therefore, can
be very well postponed.
So far as decoration is concerned, thu lesis men-
