1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
the employes of the Senate to make the same
compensation to them; whereas, if we adopt this
amendment, we cut off that. Both Houses will
stand fair then. The employes of both have been
allowed their compensation for the firstsession of
the last Congress. The employes of the House
of Representatives have not been allowed extra
pay for the last session except in this bill; we
have made no such allowances to our employes;
and thus both stand fair. Now, whatever may
be the result of the present vote in regard to this
matter, I here distinctly avow that under no cir-
cumstances will I vote to make these extra allow-
ances to the employes of the Senate, whether this
pass or not; but the appeal will be made, and a
very strong appeal will be made to us: As you
have made an allowance for the employes of the
House, you ought certainly to put the employes
of the Senate on the same footing;" and that will
be a consequence of reconsidering this amend-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask the Senator
from North Carolina if he docs not think that the
services of the clerk of a committee in the House
is intrinsically worth as much as those of a clerk
to a committee of the Senate ? It is stated that the
clcrks in that body reccivc four dollars a day, and
the clerks here six dollars. I was told, when I
hoard of this sum being allowed to clerks, that in
former years we allowed clerks of committees in
the Senate four dollars, and as it was usual to allow
twenty per cent, extra, they concludcd to put it
in the price itself, and add twenty per cent, to the
live dollars, making six dollars. I never did vote
against these additions. I do not profess to have
this notion of economy. But in addition to the
six dollars, after one allowance has been made,
the Senator from Louisiana has found out a way
to give them pay for sixty days more, not as
extra allowance, but to put it in before they are
contracted with.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was not passed.
Mr, SIMMONS. I do not know whether it
•was passed or not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I proposed it. I think it
was right; but it was not passed.
Mr. SIMMONS, I >viy that if those who pro-
fess so much economy did not use cxtiavagance,
it was because they could not carry their prop-
ositions,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Every gentleman spenking
on this subject displaces the argument. 1 did not
say a word about economy. I spoke about the
law.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I did notknow but that
the law was made for the purpose of economy;
but if it had nothing to do with economy 
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sit; it was to prevent
plunder, to prevent abuse.
Mr. SIMMONS. What I objected to in the
outset was, that we should interfere with the
prices allowed by the llnuso of Representatives
to their employes. I will not consent that they
shall interfere with ours. I never did agree to
any proposition to allow the House of Represent-
atives to contiol the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate, and I am equally unwilling to interpose any
obstacle to their disposing of their contingent fund
as they see proper; but above nil things, when
we are paying fifty per cent, more than they do
for the same service, I think it ill becomes us to
be criticising them and criticising their conduct
about this extra allowance1. That is what I think
But whether they pay too much or too little, it is
their business. I know the purpose of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina is right. I voted with
him for the first amendment. I was very glad
that it was offered, because f thought it might
possibly put a stop to this practice. But this
is preventing them from using their own discre-
tion towards their own employes, and I think it
improper for the Senate to interfere with it. If
we want to pass any more joint resolutions that i
we shall be economical in the future, I will go with !
the Senator from North Carolina; but if the em- !
ployes of the Senate are not paid anything extra 1
for the last session, they will have received, ac- I
cording to all that 1 can learn, more than the cm- ]
ployes of the House of Representatives will have '
received if this additional pay be given, and there !
fore there will be no injustice done to those who !
served the committees of this body, if this be the j
fact. I
Mr. EVANS. It is so in relation to clerks of!
the committees, but all other officers of the two
Houses get the same pay.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then as to the other offi-
cers, I am willing to come in at the close of this
session to make up a little for them. 1 shall not
agree with the Senatorfrom North Carolina about
that; but I think we had better let the House of
Representatives settle this matter, and we shall
get over this difficulty in that way sooner than in
any other way. Part of the money is paid out.
We are getting into difficulties.
Mr. BIGGS. I suggest to the Senator from
Rhode Island that the end I desire to attain by
the amendment which he voted for in committee,
and which has been adopted, I thought was a
very proper matter for the consideration of the
Senate on the information I then had before me;
but it was only a repetition of what was done in
1854 and 1857. So I see that the same thing
having been done in 1854 and 1857, and disre-
garded, there is no other way in the world of
putting a stop to it but by confining the appropri-
ations to those persons who did not get tne ben-
efit of the act of 3854. My first amendment pro-
poses that hereafter this allowance should not be
made. I thought there had been no legislation
since 1845, at the time I'moved that amendment;
but, m 1854, there was a joint resolution, and in
1857 it was reonacted. My purpose in this
amendment is therefore to cut otF all the officers
whose compensation was increased in 1854.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, if we go on and pass
resolutions cu ttingofF these extra allowances every
session, and we find next session that there is no
attention paid to them, I ask the Senator if he
expects to accomplish anything bygoingbackand
making a discrimination among clerks of commit-
tees and employes of the House? A part of them
got their pay, and a part of them did not. That
is my difficulty in voting on this proposition. It
is said that there will be that difficulty; and inas-
much as they will not generally be paid as much
as the employes of this body, I think we might
well enough let bygones be bygones, and I will
go With the Senator, and see if we cannot stop
extra allowances hereafter.
Mr. EVANS. Kor the last four years I have
had the supei vision of the contingent expenses of
the Senate, and 1 remember very well the history
of the whole transactions connected with the joint
resolution of 1H54, for ltoccuned the first session
I was here, and I believe originated with your-
self, sir, (Mr. Mason in the chair.) In the first
place, a resolution was introduced fixing the pay
of our officn s and employes. The pay of clerks
of committees before thattimc had been four dol-
lars a day, but upon the motion of a gentleman
from Indiana, (Mr. Pettit,) it was fixed at five
dollai s.
Then came the joint resolution of 1854, adding
twenty per cent, to all the salaries as fixed by a
piior resolution, and forbidding the allowance of
the extra compensation which had before been
voted. Certain persons — who they were I do
not know—who wore m the employment of the
1 louse, declined to take the additional compensa-
tion under the joint lesolution, und preferred the
extia compensation, which was, I think, about
two hundied dollais a year. That was more than
the twenty per cent, would be, and they declined
to take tiie twenty per cent., and had address
enough to get a resolution passed to compensate
them by giving them the extra pay. At the next
session they took the twenty per cent., however;
but they were not satisfied with that. They went
on, then, to get the additional twenty per cent.,
which lias been paid them once or twice. In]85l>,
this special allowance was made, and I examined
into it. The amount is between seventy and
eighty thousand dolhus, which is paid to the em-
ployes of the two Houses—the Senate about twen-
ty-live thousand dollars, and the House some-
where about fifty thousand dollars. There is no
difference between the pay of the officers of the
two Houses, except the clerks of committees.
We have a general provision that all committees
may employ clerks. In the House of Represent-
atives they have to obtain permission; and it is ;
usually inserted in their resolutions that the com- '
mittee'have permission to employ a clerk at four J
dollars a day. When one of these resolutions ,
passes, there are perhaps twenty apjjlicants will- ;
ing to take the place at four dollars a day. If you |
were to reduce the price here to four dollars a day, j
you would get just as good men to perform the
duty.
Mr. IVERSON. The motion now is to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina was adopted." If
the motion to reconsider prevails, the question
will then recur, whether the Senate will adopt the
amendment? If the amendment be adopted, the
third section of the bill, as it came from the House
of Representatives, will have to undergo amend-
ments, which will have to be concurred in by the
House of Representatives in order to pass the
bill. I shall vote for the reconsideration, although
I am in favor of the principle of the amendment;
and if it shall be reconsidered, then, when the
question comes before the Senate as to whether
we shall readopt the amendment, I shall vote
against it; not because I am opposed to the prin-
ciple of it, but because I believe it injudicious to
adopt it now.
In the first place, I think it would be better if
the Senate rejects any portion of the bill of the
House which makes an appropriation to cover
the payments made by the Clerk or by the House
in satisfaction of the claims of its employes; it
is better the question should go to the House in
a naked form, simply as to whether the Senate
concurs in the appropriation made by the House
for its employes or not. My impression is that
the House will not recede from that appropria-
tion; and, if we disagree with the House at all,
we had better disagree on the naked proposition
as to whether the House has the right, and has
acted wisely in making the appropriation for ex-
tra compensation to its employes or not. Then
the question will come up whether the House has
the right or power, and whether it has acted wisely
and properly in making this appropriation; and
then, m the language of Shakspeare:
u Lay on, Macduff;
And d-imn'd be him that fh t cries, hold, enough !'?
I shall vote to reconsider, and then vote against
the amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, because I do not want to embarrass the issue
between the two Houses, by any of this collate-
ral matter. I want the question decided whether
the House of Representatives have the right, or
whether any one branch of Congress has the
right to appropriate its contingent fund in its own
way, at its own unlimited discretion. Although
I admit that the House of Representatives has the
power to appropriate its contingent fund, I think
that power has a limit. That limit is one of wis-
dom and propriety. The contingent fund of the
House of Representatives belongs to the public
Treasury. It is money taken out of the Treasury
of the United States; it is a part of the national
fund; and the House of Representatives have no
more right to waste that part of the national
fund, than they have to waste any other portion
of the national Treasury.
I admit that the House of Representatives (and
so of the Senate) possesses the right under the
Constitution and practice of the Government to
appropriate and disburse its contingent fund as it
pleases, within the bounds of discretion and pro-
priety, and not beyond that. If the House takes
any portion of the contingent fund, which is part
of the public Treasury, and throws it into the
Potomac river, I want to know if the other branch
has not a right to say something on that subject?
If they mak$ foolish, extravagant, or corrupt ap-
plications of money, then I think the other House
has a right, and it is its bounden duty, to put its
hand on them, and arrest these extravagant ex-
penditures. I would not pretend to control, or
! attempt to control, the action of the other House
upon any question of expediency or propriety. If
they had acted within the bounds of reason, and
appiopriated any portion of the contingent fund,
] would say, let them take it, although my judg-
ment might be opposed to it; but if they make an
. extravagant appropriation, if they make an illegal
appropriation, if they make a foolish appropria-
■ tion, if they make one which is clearly improper,
i and a monstrous one, then I think it is the duty,
j as well as the right and power of the other House
I to put its hand on it, and say you shall not con-
1 trol the public funds in this way. That is my
opinion in relation to the power of the two Houses.
' I believe, sir, that the House of Repiesenta-
tives ought not to have made this appropriation;
and when the question comes up nakedly before
the Senate as to whether I will concur in the ap-
