mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
orders from the head-quarters of the Army as long j
ago as November 13ta last. Not only that, but
some of the significant acts of service therein |
recited, occurred within the limits of the Sena- !
tor's own State. Let me read some of these in- !
stances from the general order to which I have j
referred:
*'1. On the 17th of February, 1&56, Captain Janies Oakes,
with a part of 1ns company C, second cavalry, from Fort
Mason, Texas, after a pursuit of six days:, and on the ninth
day from his post, overtook a party of seven or more Indian®,
killed one and wounded seveial others ; capturing all their j
animals and other property; sergeant Reis and private .
Kuhn, severely wounded. The troops were exposed to veiy !
cold and wet weather, and for more than *>even days tub- j
sisted on two days' allowance of bread and coffeo^ such !
game as they could kill, and the flesh of horses they were I
obliged to abandon." . |
That sounds to me something like pursuit; and 1
it was a pursuit of a party that invaded the Sen-
ator's own State. Again, the seventh ca e re-
cited in this ox*der is:
"VII. On the 13th of April, 1858, a party of fifty-five
Indians were overtaken on the head waters of the Nueces,
by detachments from companies B and D, mounted rifle-
men, and F, first aitUlery, from forts Mcintosh and Dun-
can, Texas, under the command, respectively, of Captain
Thomas Claiborne, junior, and Brevet-Captain George
Granger, mounted riflemen, and Second Lieutenant George
II. Elliot, first artillery. One Indian killed and tour made
prisoners, their camp and all their animals captured.
♦•'The vigilance of the Indians, and the character of the
country, which enabled"them to discover pursuit at a great
distance, prevented a more complete success. I n this case,
from the time of leaving their post* until the termination
of the pursuit, the troops marched three hundred and fifty
miles in eight days. They suffered from want of water; and
for four days, two in the pursuit and two after its termina-
tion, had no provisions but a small allowance of rice and
coffee, accidentally obtained in ciossing the El Paso road.
"The mayor of Laredo, Senor Don Santos Benevidas,
Mr. Edward Jordan, and some twenty-five other citizens of
that place, participated m tins pursuit, and are represented
as having rendered valuable service."
Again:
"XII. September, 1856. A detachment of troops from
Fort Clark, Texas, commanded by captain James Oakes,
second cavalry, aud composed oi' Captain Charles C. Gil-
bert and eighteen men of company B, first infantry; Second
Lieutenant Henry W. Closson and twelve men of company
f, fir t artillery; and Second Lieutenant James B, Weth-
orill and thirty men of company C, second cavalry, pene-
trated the country between Fort Clark and the mouth of
the Pecos, western Texas, hitheito not visited by troop-,,
and considered very di/iicultof access. The expedition was
conducted with so much judgment and energy that, in the
operations of a day, three parties of Indians were surptised
between the ltio Grande and Pecos-, near their junction.
Four of the Indiana killed and four wounded. Their ani-
mals and other property taken or destroyed."
The Senator from Texas knows Indians well
enough to know the difficulty of surprising an
Indian camp. He understands that men who are
ignorant of the frontier and its service, as he de-
scribed the Army to be, would never surprise an
Indian camp," and yet here is a gallant soldier
who three times surprised Indians in one day.
Then again:
" XIV. November 30th, 1836. A detachment composed
of men of company G, fiist dragoons, and company O,
mounted riflemen* in all twenty, commanded by Second
Lieutenant Horace Uandal, fiit-t dragoons, followed apaity
of fifty warriors of the Gila Apaches, and atter a chase of
ihrecbundred.nmh in one day, of eighty, miles—going over
mountains and plains of snow, the trail frequently obliter-
ated, without water for three days and nights—overtook the
enemy and attacked and drove them from the portion of
their own selection, lecovenng all the captured animals."
That sounds something like pursuit—a pursuit
m which fortitude, skill, and all the knowledge
that could enter into such service, were exempli-
fied in the highest degree, and that too by one of
those very young men against whom so many
of the Senator's remarks this morning were di-
rected. Again:
" XIX. April 4th, 1857. Firs>t Lieutenant Walter H. Jeni-
fer, becond cavalry, with thirteen men of Company B, of
that regiment, aftei a search of thirteen days, and a march
of nearly three hundred mile?., came upon a fresh trail of
Tndijtiuj,"near the head of the north toik of the Nueces river,
Texas; and, as the trail led into a rocky country, almost
impracticable for cavalry, he dismounted, left his horses
with a gu.ud, and continued the pursuit with only seven
men. After a tedious march of four, miles, he suddenly
came upon a camp, occupied byfiom eighty to one hundied
Indians. Approaching it, under covei, to within two hun-
dred and fitty yaids, and he and his httle patty being dis-
covered, they were attacked by all the warriors m the camp,
and threatened, at the same time, by a party returning to it
with horses. Ue repulsed the hidians, with a loss to them
of two killed aud one wounded. It being then night, he
withdrew Ins men, rejoined his horses, and returned to the
attack the next day; but, in the mean while, the Indians
dispersed. For the last three days tin* detachment had no
rations, having been out seventeen days."
I could go on with these instances. 1 have other
cases marked which I might cite. Thereare twen-
ty-five recited in this single order—one of them a
case where the Indians were drawn up in position,
and waited to receive an attack of cavalry, when
they were gallantly attacked by Sumner, leading
his men, charging them in the same manner in
which he charged the Mexican forces at the time
of the confusion thrown into our troops at Mo-
lina del Rey, equally followed by a dispersement.
He drove them from the field, and their safety
arose simply from their ability, with their light
horses, to cross a stream, the bed of which was
composed of sand.
The Senator, then, lias done injustice; and if he
will take this order, I will give it to him, that he
may see how great is the injustice he has done to
the Army in thus proclaiming to the country that
they have rendered no part of that duty which de-
volves upon them for the protection of the frontier.
If he will read the report of the Secretary of War,
he will find that this is but one of the two or-
ders that recite such deeds, illustrating the services
which have been rendered by ourgallantlittle band
on the frontier, answering the reflection which the
Senator has,lam sure unconsciously, cast on those
who are mean time encountering service more
severe than I have ever known volunteers to bear.
Then the Senator, in the course of his remarks,
(for I find that, as my opponents are pressed to a
change, I must change also,) took the ground that,
on one occasion, the Army had been effective; for,
said he, they had killed one hundred and thirty
women and children; and the Senatorfrom Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] on the intimation perhaps of the
Senator from Texas, said dragoons had been
raised under the pretext of defending the frontier
against the Indians; and all he heard of their doings
was the killing some squaws and children. 1 do
not know what number he meant, whether the
same one hundred and thirty or not; but he ex-
plained that he meant the same place. The report
of General Harney, in reference to the action re-
ferred to, is to be found in the second volume of
the President's message and accompanying doc-
uments for last year, at page 49. He sets forth
the whole case; and, according to his report, and
the accompanying reports of the officers who were
serving under him, the number of killed was
eighty-six; and wounded, five—not one hundred
and thirty women and children; but eighty-six
Indians were killed, and five wounded; about sev-
enty women and children captured, and fifty mules
and ponies taken, besides an indefinite number
killed and disabled. In a report made by Col-
onel Cooke, which I shall not weary the Senate by
reading, he explains that the women dressed and
armed so much like the men as sometimes to be
almostundistinguishable from them. They fired
upon his men; and, m one instance, wounded a
sergeant who had passed a woman because he
perceived she was one.
Then, again, the report of Lieutenant "Warren,
who was the topographical engineer accompany-
ing the expedition, gives distinctly the whole cir-
cumstances of the ground which caused the killing
of, I think, seven women and three children. Af-
ter the first attack on the Blue Water, a part of
the Indians escaped across the plains, and were
pursued by the mounted troops. A part of them
being on a hill had fled into a sort of a cave, where
the rock hung down near to the ground, and fur-
nished a loop-hole through which they fired upon
the troops as they approached. This fire was re-
turned by the troops. After a cry was heard from
the interior of this cave, one of the interpreters,
coming up, said there were women in it, and the
officer who commanded them (and who, by the
way, the Senator from Maine would have found,
if he had inquired, was a worthy representative
of his own State) immediately halted, told the in-
terpreter to advance, and called on the women to
come out. They did come out; they wore surren-
dered; they were nothurt; and all that were killed
were those who had been shot in the cave where
they could not be seen, and that, after a fire from
the cave had been made. That, according to the
history of the case, as far as I have been able to
learn, is the foundation of this charge of killing
one hundred and thirty women and children.
The commander of that expedition, General
Harney, might compare his knowledge of Indians
and of Indian character favorably with the Sena-
tor from Texas, or anybody else. That stroke
which he gave the Indians on the Blue Water was
the most successful blow that was ever struck on
that frontier for the preservation of its future
peace: and if peace shall be enjoyed by the people
of Nebraska,it will be attributable more to thatonu
great movement of Harney's than to anything else
which has ever happened there. Then, moving on,
with that knowledge of Indian character, and that
intrepidity and devotion to his duty which char-
acterizes the man, he went forward, disregarding
all difficulties, untilhe reached the Missouri river,
and there held a council with the Indians, formed
with them an agreement, which stands in my
judgment as a model for all treaties with Indian
tribes. He there established among them an or-
ganization, which, if anything could be effective
to preserve these restless people in order, would
conduce to that result. It has had the good effect,
so far as I can learn, thus far, to keep the Indians
who had hitherto been hostile, in a state of peace,
and approximating to that end of which the Sen-
ator speaks.
But, sir, in answer to some remarks which have
been made by myself and others,replies have been
offered which would indicate that there had been
an intention to signify that volunteers were wan-
ton, and were cruel. I have no disposition to
shrink from the responsibility of what I said; or
if I did not say it, what I thought. I thought,
and I now say, that if you bring men out with
border animosities, men who have had past in-
juries, who come with grievances to redress, they
will exceed the limits of justice; they will exceed
the limits of humanity and forbearance; they will
kill without justifiable cause. I have no disposi-
tion to cite cases, though it would be easy for me
to do so. Volunteers—I use the word because
others use it; militia is the strict term—the mili-
tia are the people of the United States, and so arc
the soldiers of the regular Army. They are all
volunteers. Thank fortune we.live under a Gov-
ernment where all who enter the military service
dp it voluntarily. Militia may be coerced by draft;
the regular soldier is always a volunteer. It is
always a voluntary enlistment, he is emphatic-
ally, under all circumstances, the volunteer. But
using the term in the sense in which it has been
used of militia, I say the militia, if drawn from a
distance, would be exactly like those who had
been enlisted in the regular service; the whole dif-
ference being the degree of discipline, and that
j disparity constantly vanishing in the progress of
a long campaign, bringing them at last to pre-
cisely the same standard; being the same mate-
riel at the start, and reaching the same result if
they are carried through the same process. If you
take men away from the border; if you take the
citizens of the State which my friend before me
[Mr. Clay] so ably represents, Alabama, and
move them on to the frontier of Texas, or of Ore-
gon, they would have no animosities to gratify;
no past grievances to redress; their conductto the
Indians would be marked by the same lofty gen-
erosity and forbearance which is to be found in
men from any other quarter.
The whole of the cases which were referred to,
and which have been somewhat warped in the
argument, were those which resulted from border
animosity and from partisan feeling. I think I
said—and if I did not, I intended to say—that if
the militia of California were called out against
the Mormons, coming there with their hostility
towards them, the result of their contact with
them, justifiable, if you please, but coming with
that preconceived hostility, they would have a
|j severity in their treatment of them which would
i; not belong to men brought from a distance. That
m is my opinion. 1 think" it very likely, that if the
!i appeal was made to the men themselves, they
!i would say: " Yes, that is true, we do feel it; and
we are likely to exercise it." I am sure I have
never seen a body of militia in the field, called
from the neighborhood of a settlement on which
Indian depredations had been committed, that did
not come with the spirit of extermination, and
justified themselves by arguments drawn from
what they had suffered.
We have also had the argument presented to
us, that the militia will always respond to the caU
of the country; that they always have been the
effective force which has fought the battles of tho
country; and that they are the reliable strength
of the country. Grant it. Who denies it? The
ji militia have responded, and they always will
j respond, when there is occasion; but the militia
'|%ever have been called out to hold frontier posH;
and they will be found to be very restless troops
