mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 7,
ey w,e expend upon the Capitol in decorating it
in the manner in which it has been decorated un-
der the present management, the better for us, the
better for the Treasury, the better for the artistic
taste of the country. We have expended already
thousands of dollars on this contemptible decora-
tion, which is disgraceful to the age and to the
tasteof the country; and we ought, if we cannot
. reach it in any other way, to refuse to appropri-
ate one dollar more towards it. 1, hold that the
decoration is not only improper, but that it is
absolutely disgraceful. Go through this Capitol
and see the insignificant tinsel work that has been
prepared here to stand for ages as a representa-
tion of the taste and skill of this age. Have we
no artist to illustrate the history of our country?
Can we not write some portion of our country's
history on these walls that will perpetuate the
character of the presentgeneration ? Have we no
commerce to illustrate—no history to perpetuate?
Have we made no mechanical, no scientific dis-
coveries worthy of record here, that we are com-
pelled to employ the poorest Italian painters to
collect scraps from antiquity to place upon these
walls, as a lasting disgrace to the age—mere tin-
sel, a hbel upon the taste and intelligence of the
people?
While I am not opposed to an appropriation
to complete the Capitol, or any other necessary
work in course of construction, I think we ought
to cut off the supplies and refuse en appropriation
to be expended for painting and lllusti ation under
the present management. Wo oujjht at least to
have some man of artistic taste at the head of this
great national work. We have now at the head
of it a captain of the engineer corps of the Army,
who is not a judge of such work, but he is " sole
monarch of ail h*-survey**." He, sir, is responsi-
ble for the gieat expense incurred m the decora-
tion of this Capitol; the purchase of these desks
and chans; all this tinsel work, owl those coats
of arms on the celling, which cost hundieds of
dollars each. They ou ht not to have cost more
than thirty to forty dollars each. One man was
employed eighteen months, at ten dollars a day,
to illustrate liie coats of arms of the States and
Territories. Make the calculation, and it will be
seen that this single item amounts to thousands,
when the expense should not have been more than
thirty or forty dollars for each illustration. So on
through all the items of expenditure. There is
no economy, no taste; and we pay this enonnous
amount absolutely to displace the country—to
have here a perpc tuai hbel upon the artists and
artistic taste of the American people. I hope the
^ committee will strike it out, and that we will make
w no further appiopriation until we have a change
in the management of the artistic work of this
Capitol.
Against the architecture I have nothing to say.
I believe that the architect is perfectly competent
and worthy ol the greatest trust, and I desire no
remark I have made to apply to him. But 1 say
that Captain Meigs is unlit to direct the decora-
tion of this Capitol. He has neither taste nor
skill, and I hold that this committee would do a
wrong to the Treasury, to the artists, and to the
country, if they furnished him with fuither funds
to daub the Capitol with such illustrations.
Mr. GtUlTMAN. 1 understand the amend-
ment is to stiike out the whole appropriation.
Now, sir, while I concur in much of what the
gentleman irom New Voik [Mr. Taylor] has
said on the subject of the general character of the
decorations of this Capitol, my puncipal object
m rising is to a\ail myself of this opportunity to
say that when the piopositton was originally
made to approptiste *,>1,000,000, [ voted against
it. I will vote against evimvctgaiu appropriations
at all tunes, and would have opposed the appro-
priation originally bad i been hete, i would have
for the capitol of a republic, Mr. Chairman, a
structure either in the ionic or Doric style—in a
plain style, without the vast number of decora-
tions with which this Capitol is loaded. But
since tins work has <:one em, it is due to the coun-
try aud to ourselves that we should finish it prop-
erly. As to the style of finish, why that is an-
other matter. This amendment proposes to put
a stop to all further appropriations for the Capi-
tol. I take this occasion to say that, as a citizen
of the United States, I should be ashamed to look
upon this Capitol remaining m us present unfin-
ished condition for years. U must be finished.
Shall we plead before the world that we have not
the means to complete it? When a stranger in-
quires, why this unfinished Capitol; why these
masses of material which burden the ground and
obstruct the avenues to these Halls? must we tell
him that we have undertaken what we could not
finish—the work has been suspended because
means are wanted to carry it out? No, sir; I
would rather borrow the money that the work
might go on to its completion.
if the appropriation were an original one, I
would be inclined to lay down strict rules to pre-
scribe the style of the structure, and the extent of
the expenditure. But as this is declared the last
appropriation required to finish the Capitol, I will
change my vote, and support the appropriation
proposed by the Senate. If we refuse to make
this last appropriation now, this costly structure
will retain its present ragged appearance, the
streets and public grounds will remain obstructed
with valuable material, which now lies strewed
around; and it should be recollected that it will
cost something to preserve exposed portions of
the building, and to protect the marble and valu-
able materials.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by J. B. Henry, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved mid signed sundry bills.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Mew York, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The original ap-
propriation was for §>1,000,000; and there was a
belief that that sum would complete the building,
inclusive of the decorations. The Senate ha\o
put in an appropriation for $750,000; and I am
now told that every dollar of that sum will be re-
quired, not regarding the interior of the building
at all. Therefore the gentleman's object will be
accomplished by this Senate amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Very well,
then, the following amendment will not be ob-
jected to:
Add as a proviso, the following :
Provided, TUnt no portion of this appropriation shall
be expended on the uueuor pamung and decoration of the
Capitol.
Mr. SICKLES. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, and the
Chair sustains the point of order.
Mi. TAYLOR, of New York. I take an ap-
peal from that decision.
Mr. GARTRELL. I would like to hear some
reason for the decision of the Chair
Tim CHAIRMAN. It changes existing law.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would like to
know how it changes existing law?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been the universal
practice of the committee to lule out all amend-
ments which propose changing existing laws.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there any ex-
isting law in relation to this appropriation? I
say there is none at all.
Mr. SICKLES. The manner in which the
money is to bo expended is provided for by ex-
isting law.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment was received.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I deem it to be
my dnty to say, as I said before, that I have no
objection to this appropriation, or to any other
appropriation necessary to finish this or any other
building of this Government; but I do think it
necessary to stop this decoration, and we ought
to make appropriations only to finish the build-
| mg. Let us have some time for reflection, that
we may ascertain how we may best decorate the
Capitol, and imprint some portion of our history
■ upon it that may go down to future ages. We
1 can do that at some future time, and i hope the
House will '•msfdin the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to propose an
amendmenr to the amendment of the gentleman
from Now Yoi k.
The CHAIRMAN. Another amendment is
not in order at this time.
Mr. SICKLES I understand that the money
appropriated by the Senate amendment is to be
chiefly expended on the other wing of the Capi-
tol —for the completion of that portion of the Cap-
itol to be occupied try the coordinate branch of
Congress. Now, sir, if at that end of the Capi-
tol they have no wish to impose a limitation upon
the expenditure of the appropriation, as to inte-
rior decoration or otherwise, I think it is officious
in us, and it is going further than we ought to go,
to impose here a limitation upon the manner in
which their rooms—either the Senate Chamber
or the Senate committee-rooms—should be deco-
rated.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would like
to know where the gentleman gets his informa-
tion that this appropriation is to be expended in
any one particular portion of this Capitol.
Mr SICKLES. It is for the Capitol exten-
sion, and it must be obvious to my colleague that
it is not to be expended in the interior decoration
of this Hall, for we are occupying if, and the in-
terior decoration of the Hall is completed, or
nearly so. It is not to be expended in the inteiior
decoration of rooms pertinent to this Hail, for
they are completed, or nearly so, and it is too late
to impose such a limitation upon the interior dec-
oration of this wing of the building, for they are
in such a state of forwardness that to stop them
would be a waste of the public money. In the
other end of the Capitol these decorations are
scarcely begun, especially so far as the Senate
Chamber is concerned. The Senate have passed
this amendment without any limitation or restric-
tion, and I think it is not our business to put m
such limitations here.
The question now being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from New York,
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yoik, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
New York, and Boyce weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 59, noes 67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offerthe following amend-
ment to the Senate amendment:
Provided, That no part of the same shall be expended for
paintings or >tatu<iry.
Mr. LETCHER Is thatamendment in order?
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me, Mr. Chan-
mail, that that is the same question <>f order that
was raised before. The committee has decided it
on another amendment of the same general char-
ter, overruling the decision of the Chair that it
was not in order. It seemsto me that thisjcomes
within the category, although it is an amendment
of an entirely different character, so far as relates
to the limitation sought to be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would rule the
amendment to be not in order but for the com-
mittee reversing the decision of the Chair befote.
Yielding to that decision, the Chair entertains it.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is obvious, Mr. Chair-
man, that this Capital is eventually to became a
vast museum of art, in which paintings and stat-
uary will be the two prominent features. Already
has a small commencement been made. My ob-
ject in proposing this amendment is that the art
decorations of this building shall not be provided
for till the building itself shall be completed; and
that then they shall be the work of American
skill and American genius, illustrating not only
American history and American scenci y, but also
the progress of American art. Now, if we simpiy
wanted to fill up this building with fine painting
and fine statuary,we would at once send a commis-
sion to Europe, and buy up all the best pictures
and finest statues we could get. But that is not the
object or purpose which, as it seems to me, we
ought to aim at.
To illustrate. It has been proposed, and that,
too, m high quarters, that we should submit one
of the panels of the new Capitol to the pencil of a
distinguished French battle painter, Horace Ver-
net, becausc it is s^id that he excels ail other bat-
tle painters in the world; and it is suggested that
he shall be allowed to take as a subject some
of the fields of the Revolution, where American
and French valor combined was superior to the
prowess of Great Britain. I would like to inquire
of gentlemen what sort of a picture that would
probably be? A French painter—painting what?
Why, painting, of course, French valor and
French chivalry. Where do you suppose, in such
a picture as that, would French soldiers stand,
aud where would stand the poor American, with
his rough accouterments and his rough arms, and
his awkward want of discipline, his deficiency
