1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
if they should ever thus be employed. It would
be at a great sacrifice of the other interests of the
country if the miiitia were so called out. Men
useful in the ordinary avocations of life, detached
from them and from their families, to perform the
duty of private sentinels at a frontier post, would i
he such a waste of valuable material that it would
deserve to be called anything else than economy,
even if it did not cost a dollar.
But, sir, as to the relative efficiency of the two
species of troops, I have some brief points to
which I will refer; and the first is the " Vital Sta-
tistics" of Dr. Coolidge, a review of which work
will be found in the American Journal of Medi-
cal Science, for January last, and a table from
the work to which I alluded, will be found at page
92 of the Journal. It is a table showing the pro-
portion of the invalid and disabled troops in the
different services. First, he takes the British
army, giving a percentage of 0.65per month; then*
the regular Army of the United States, giving a
percentage of 0.53; and then the additional force
raised in the war with Mexico, being regular
troops, 0.52; then the volunteers. 1.25 permonth.
That is to say the men who became diseased and
disabled by the contingencies of the camp, were
about double in the volunteer forces what they
were in the regular army. Why was this? In the
first place, the volunteers did not know how to
take care of themselves; they did not know how
to shelter themselves; they did not know how to
cook their provisions; and in the next place, their
habits were suddenly changed, and this waste of
life was the result of the sudden change before the
animal economy had been accommodatedto it. If
you were to take an Osage and put him on a sim-
ple rice diet, you would as surely kill him as if
you were to take a Hindoo and put him on a meat
diet alone. Either of the two extremes would
bring about the same result, and be destructive to
the efficiency of the Army. The same law is found
in operation among the brutes.
Next I refer to the report of the Surgeon-Gen-
eral of the Army, of November 9, 1846, in which
he says:
From the best information which has been received at
this office, it is believed that the extent of sickness among
the volunteers on the Rio Grande has been fourfold to that
among the soldiers of the regular Army, with a correspond-
ing excess of morality m the ranks of the former. * *
" But this is not all; the presence of a numeious body of
invalids senou&Jy embarrasses the service; for, besides con-
suming the subsistence and other stoics required for the
efficient men, they mu>t have an additional number of sur-
geons and men to* take care of them,and a guard to protect
them, which liecessauly lessens the disposable force, the
available force, foi active operations m the field."
These arc the two statements on which I would
rely as to the relative efficiency of the two species
of troops; and these reasons apply with fourfold
force to the circumstances of the expedition to
Utah. They will be there further removed from
civilization; they will be there more deprived of
the comforts to which they have been before ac-
customed. The casualties resulting from the em-
ployment of militia in such a service as that, by
their being disabled by disease, exposure, and
the vicissitudes of the camp, will greatly exceed
anything we have heretofore encountered in the
cases from which these results have been drawn.
There might, however, be circumstances which
would justify us in meeting all these objections,
if I believed, with the Senator from Texas, that
the cavalry of the United States Army was neces-
sarily wholly inefficient, a mere tax that never
did ant} never would do anything, certainly I
would say we must look out for some other char-
acter of troops; but some of the hard tides which
I have read to him to-day, some of the success-
ful pursuits, defying all privations of food, cold,
and thirst, should somewhat convince him that
the Army may be effective for the purpose for
which he proposes to employ a volunteer force.
He says he wants troops; but he wants a different
kind of troops than the Army can furnish; he
wants men who are able to take care of their
horses; men who know something about frontier
service. Where will he find them out of the
Army, comparable to our dragoons? Where will
he find men who have so often encampcd under
the blue vault of heaven, and relied on grass to
support their marching column, as in the Army
of the United States? Where will he find men
who know so much of the topography of the
country? If his objection be that the recruits are
not sufficiently instructed, the remedy is to give
us more force; not to require that every man, the
instant he is enlisted, shall be thrown on to the
frontier for immediate service; butgive us enough
troops to keep some in camps of instructions and
in schools of practice, where they may be edu-
cated for those duties which the Senator desires
to have them perform.
But he makes the argument of economy in that
connection, and he uses it in several other con-
nections; and among others, the Senator from
Georgia first asserts and the Senator from Texas
indorses it', that Texas used to be better protected
by four companies of rangers than she is now by
five regular regiments. To that, I have two an-
swers to make: First, there are not five regiments
there; and second, if Texas ever was protected
by four companies at the early period referred to,
those four companies might have been quite ade-
quate to protcct the settlements which, at that
time, were notequal to one twentieth, or perhaps
one hundredth part of what they are now. Four
companies were sufficient to protect a single
ranch; they were more than sufficient to protect
a single man; and they may have been sufficient
to protcct the whole amount of border settlements
Texas then had. .
It is further to be remembered that the Indians
then lived upon fertile valleys with abundance of
game, and that the prosperity and progress, which
to me is most gratifying, of the people of Texas,
has now driven the Indians from the fertile plains
into the arid region where but little game is to be
found; and now, by necessity, they commit forays
for plunder in order that they may obtain food,
which is not to be found in the haunts to winch
they have been driven.
Then, again, it is to be remembered that Texas
did not occupy to the boundary of the Rio Grande.
I contended in 1850 that that was her territory.
I contended for it a great way up the stream; but
nevertheless it is true that she aid not maintain
posts on the borders of that river overlooking the
territories of Mexico. A portion of the force in
Texas is to be accounted for by manning those
posts which mark the boundary of the Rio Grande,
and which Texas never occupied with a regular
force.
Now, sir, the question of economy is to be an-
swered in several forms. As I understand the
argument, the basis of it, and it was so stated by
the Senator from Georgia, is, that the cost whilst
in the service, of a militiaman and of a regular
is the same. He made some slighting remarks
about the skill of regulars in making out accounts,
to which I have no reply to make, but he said the
payandallowanceswerethesame. He overlooks
the fact that the more frequently you change the
force the greater its cost. He has neglected the
law which gives to the militiaman fifty cents a
day for his ownsubsistence, and twenty-five cents
for that of his horse, whilst he is going to and
getting back, and twenty-five cents for the use of
his horse while he is in service. It is a fact that
we have been able to get very few volunteers other-
wise than mounted. It has become more and more
so, and steadily more so with each year. The
late Adjutant General Jones used to say to me that
he recollected the time when the song was that a
man was to shoulder his musket and march away,
but now it was to get upon a horse and ride away.
His complaint was then that he could not get
militia to serve on foot. He could not get militia
in Florida to serve on foot. It was not so much
that they required to ride, as that they would not
serve for the poor pay you give to the private sol-
dier of the United States; they required the pay
of mounted men, pay and allowances for their
horses, and the indemnity for their horses which
always follows in a heavy train just behind the
allowance for permission to use the horse at all.
All these matters have been reduced to calcula-
tion; we have had reports on them. It is hardly ne-
cessary to argue that the traveling allowances, the
clothing which is on the ratio of the first year's
services, and the pay for the use of the horses,
constitute the items that make up the very great
expense of the employment of volunteers. These
have all been stated in tables, which have hereto-
fore been prepared, presented, and published for
the use of the Government. The Senator from
Florida [Mr. Mali.ory] this morning referred to
the letter of Mr. Poinsett. That letter commu-
nicated d report of the Paymaster General, who
goes beyond the limits of the then Secretary of
War. He refers to the disparity between the'eost
of the two forces as nearly six to one, because, he
says, the horses that are employed are merely to
carry the men from place to place, and really im-
pede the march of the column. Then he goes on
to state that—
" This enormous disparity in the expenses of the ttvo
forccs is not owing to the extravagant allowances made to
volunteers; for, except in the article of clothing, they are
not better paid than regular tioops, and altogether wsufii-
eiently compensated to reimburse them for the pecuniary
sacrifices they make in leaving home and employment, to
say nothing of the danger and hardships they encounter, it
is caused principally by expenses for traveling to and from
the place where the services of the volunteers and militia
are required; to the hire, maintenance, and indemnity for
horsey and to furnishing them a full supply of clothing as a
bounty, without regard to length of service. The statements
also show the expense of volunteers serving on foot, "and o?
militia. The term-of service of the latteniever exceeds three
months, unless specially provided for.
" There is one comparison that would place the contrast
between the expenses of regular and irregular troops in a
much stronger light, if I had the data to enable me to state
it m figures; and that is, the comparative loss and destruc-
tion of military stores and public property by the two forces."
He presents his tabular statement in which he
shows, on the basis of the companies, that for six
months the cost of a company of United States
dragoons was $13,573, and for the mounted vol-
unteers $22,575. That is the ratio to which I
call the attention of the Senator from Georgia be-
fore he again assumes the position that the ex-
pense is the same.
The Senator announced, in the course of his
argument, I think, that the cost per man of the
Army, was #1.000 per annum; but the Senator
from Maine, I think, says it is $3,500. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] says it is
§1,000; and thus it seems to be a question between
the gentlemen whether it is $1,000 or $1,500. I
am quite at a loss to know by what process of cal-
culation they rcach that result. Surely the Sena-
tor from Georgia, when he states the cost per man
during the time Mr. Calhoun was Secretary of
War, to be $273, has not based his calculation on
any data which will lead him to decide that SI ,000
is the cost of a man now. Whatever process of
calculation is adopted, it must be different for the
one case and the other to reach these results. It
is utterly impossible to obtain them by any one
piocess of calculation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can refer the Senator to my
authority. In 1842, the Secretary of War, Mr.
Spencer, of New York, I think, was called upon
to compare the estimate of expenditures. He puts
it at that amount on the same basis by dividing
the expense by the number of men and officers.
The report 1 stated from recollection was that it
was §273. That is where my information is de-
rived from.
Mr. DAVIS. The report of 1820 is to be found
in the American State Papers, volume 2, pages
4G-7;and in it is stated the strength of the Army
at different dates, and the annual expense per man,
including officers; and this report states it to have
been, in 1809, 1810, and 1811, $383 60; in 1820,
$336 56, per man; and that reduction of nearly
fifty dollars has been ascribed, and I think with
much justice, though I do not believe it is wholly
due to that cause, to the increase of the Army
which, in the mean time, had taken place. The
Army had been increased on the peace establish-
ment to six thousand men, and the expense per
man had sunk nearly fifty dollars per capita.
Now, sir, I have had a calculation made on the
present basis to ascertain what a regiment of in-
fantry will cost; and I have asked that it shall be
a regiment of infantry to be raised, including the
whole expense for recruiting, the first years'cloth-
ing, all the camp and garrison equipage, so as to
bring it as nearly as possible into a fair compar-
ison or parallelism with a volunteer force raised
for the same time. It is the same table which I
think was furnished to the Senatorfrom Texas;
but I suppose it was not in his possession when
he made his remarks. The pay during twelve
months of a maximum infantry regiment, eight
hundred and seventy-eight strong, (that includes
all the field and staff, and includes the additional
men granted by the actofl850,)includingofficers,
subsistence, clothingfor their servants, and forage
for the horses of the field and staff, subsistence
of the enlisted men at the price which has been esti-
mated for the Utah expedition, clothing for the en-
listed men, with campand garrison equipage for the
officers and men, make the total amount of main-
taining for one year u maximum infantry, eight
