1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. HUNTER. We know whatit is. Unless
the Senator desires to have it read, I think we had
better take the vote on it. The matter was dis-
cussed yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is hardly ne-
cessary to read it. There is only one alteration,
adding $1,000,000.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I shall detain the Senate but a few
minutes. I have not spoken on this bill, nor do
I mean to throw myself on the indulgence of the
Senate now; but, as I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, I wish to state,
as distinctly as I can, the principles upon which
I do it. I have not been able to give that atten-
tion to the details and to all the points which ought,
perhaps, to be well and carefully considered, in
order to answer, in a satisfactory manner, the
arguments which have, been adduced in opposi-
tion to this proposition. I mean merely to at-
tempt to lay down the general principles on winch
I propose to govern my coursc on this subject.
Mr. President, we have no means of expressing
our opinion in relation to the propriety or the ex-
pediency, or even the lawfulness of the action of
the Executive in regard to the Mormon war, but
by indicating it upon some vote which we shall
give when the question of appropriation is pre-
sented to us. It is not for me, nor is it for this
body, to decide whether the Executive has violated
any great and vital principle in bringing upon the
country this vast expenditure at his own discie-
tion. Nor would it be oppropriatcand becoming
for us to announce any opinion upon that subject.
If ho has clearly, and if it should appear that he
has willfully, transcended the powers of his au-
gust position under the Constitution of the United
States, it is for another body to inquire into that
question. But there are certain striking and prom-
inent facts that cannot be blinked in connection
with this subject. I wish that circumstances were
such that! could feel myself at liberty to go more
at length into the discussion than I am competent
to do now, or than it would be proper, under all
the circumstances of the moment, after wo have
had so much debate on the subject on both sides
of this question. I say it would not be appro-
priate and becoming for tins body to pronounce
any sentiment as to the President's course; but
whoever will look at it, and examine it carefully,
will find, I feel warranted in saying, that the
President, at least, has exercised a very question-
able authority. He authorized an expedition to
Utah at a season of the year when he was advised,
from some sources that we may justly pronounce
to be competent, that it was very uncertain whether
the expedition could reach Utah at all, and when
it wad very probable that they would be arrested
by the rigor of the severe winters which a e al-
most certain to prevail in the Rocky Mountains
until the spring, and that they could not reach
the point of destination before they would be so
arrested.
I wish gentlemen would carry on their conver-
sation in a lower tone of voice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair begs to remind Senators
that there is too much conversation in the Cham-
ber.
Mr. BELL. I am informed, though I have not
inquired into the details, and have to take the
statements of gentlemen whose positions author-
ize them to speak with more confidence and au-
thority than 1 can, that if there should be no ad-
ditional troops ordered to sustain the party under
General Johnston, or General Persifer F. Smith,
or whoever is in chief command, they have been
arrested in their progress to Utah by the rigors of
winter, and incurred an expenditure of about five
million dollars; and that when we shall now,
as I am ready to do, vote to pay whatever has
been really expended, it will not be less than five
million dollars. Upon what authority, then, of
law or of constitutional power, has the President
brought upon us the necessity, upon common
principles of humanity to our countrymen for the
purpose of rescuing that gallant portion of our
Army who have wintered jn the fastnesses of
the Ilocky Mountains; upon what authority of
law or the Constitution has the President brought
upon us the necessity of appropriating these mil-
lions? Sir, I am not prepared to say upon the ex-
ami.iation I have made, that there is no plausible
pretext or ground of authority in previous laws,
or under the powers granted to the President of
the United States by the Constitution, for sup-
posing that he was authorized to order the expe-
dition into Utah. What I have said of it already
goes to the expediency of the expedition which
was ordered. I believe it didnot set out until near
the lastof September or the first of October, when
the most judicious and experienced and skillful
persons connected with the passages over those
! mountains could with no certainty calculate that
they would reach the point of destination before
the rigors of winter would set in, so that they
could not move at all.
I should thank those gentlemen who are near
me on my left and just across the aisle, if they
would forbear for a few moments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order!
Mr. BELL. 1 can scarcely hear myself when
there is so much conversation indulged near me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
already reminded Senators that there is too much
J conversation.
| Mr. BELL. What is the authority of law
j under which the President has thought proper to
! institute this war upon the Mormons? Sir, from
the very foundation of the Government, any gen-
tleman will find, who chooses to examine the
subject, that that is a point upon which Congress
have exercised the greatest scruple and jealousy
in giving power to the President, at his discre-
tion, to wage war with any people or any portion
of any people, either m the States or Territories.
In the act of 1792, though repealed by the act of
1795, they were not willing to intrust him with
that power for more than two years. This extent
of power and discretion granted to the Executive,
was on account of the gro wing difficulties in some
particular sections of the Union as early as 1792;
and the power to call forth the militia and to use
the military force of the United States was only
to last thirty days after the commencement of the
next en.suit)? session of Congress.
The act of 1795 is almost equally cautious in
the grant of power to the Executive; and at every
step in the history of the grant of power by Con-
gress under the Constitution to the Executive on
this question, you will find the greatest caution ex-
ercised by our predecessors in these seats. The first
act passed in i795 was dictated by the condition
ofthingsin the western counties of Pennsylvania.
It granted power to the President to call forth not
exceeding two thousand five hundred militia, to
be stationed in the western counties of Pennsyl-
vania. But even with that power, although ex-
tended in a subsequent section to the voluntary
enlistment of men, their service was to teiminatc
jj at the end of thirty days afur the next meeting
!] of Congress. The whole power given to the Pres-
jj ident to call forth the milnia and to use the mili-
jj tary force of the Union was to terminate then.
,[ Another condition annexed to that power was
; that either thirty or sixty (1 forget which) days'
notice was to be given to the insurgent forces to
'i disperse or to lay down their arms, before the
■j President, was authorized to employ military force
; in the suppression of such an insurrection or re-
;! belhon. Even in regard to the power of the Pres-
l' ident to execute the treaties of the United States,
jl which by the Constitution are made the supreme
\\ law of the land, he could not remove intruders
j from Indian territories or the public lands with-
'■ out authority of law, and a limited authority
*1 carefully guarded and limited.
i! This power is claimed, in the present case,
i under the general authority implied in the duty
'j of the President to execute the laws of the land.
I That, however, is not different fiom the duty
■ which has existed during the whole period of the
existence of this Government, in relation to car-
rying out treaties, and executing the laws of the
: land m our Territories acquired by foreign treaty,
'j or by treaty with Indian tribes. The President
,i has not been permitted to employ a single com-
,i pany of militia or regular soldiers, but m virtue
1 of some specific, express act of Congress. You
i cannot, by force, remove an intruder from the
!■ public lands on the Indian territory, although it
f is made, by treaty, the express duty of the Gov-
| eminent to prevent such inliusion. It lias been
j! considered, by our predecessors, that the Pies-
Ij ident has no authority to employ a military force
• ' to execute the treaties, unless by express act of
Congress — neither militia nor regular troops.
Now, sir, I observe that the act of 1807 makes
two alterations in the act of 1795. It extends the
power of the President to the Territories, and in
all cases where he would be authorized to use the
militia, under the act of 1795, it allows him to
use the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair regrets very much to be obliged to
repeat the suggestion to Senators that there is so
much conversation, and loud conversation, that
it is impossible for the Senator from Tennessee to
proceed.
Mr. BELL. I know these gentlemen do not
mean anything.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Tennessee
will allow me, as I do not suppose he can get
through with his remarks this evening, I propose
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BELL. I do not propose to occupy the
attention of the Senate long. 1 only want togive
an explanation of my vote.
Mr. POLK. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mo. BELL. I am perfectly willing to adjourn
if the Senate desires it; but I want to lay down
some distinct ground 
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator will give
way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BELL. If the Senate want to adjourn, I
have no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that to-morrow is
private bill day, and one objection will prevent
us going on with this bill; but for that, 1 would
consent to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD and, Mr. HALE. Nobody
will object.
Air. IVERSON. For one, I shall object to in-
terfeiinj? with private bills.
Mr. 1IALE. The motion is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn. It is not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman permit
me to make a remark?
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion for
the present, with the leave of the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to make a
speech, but I wish to make a remark.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have sat here, Mr. Presi-
dent, for nearly twelve years, and I must confess
that I have never met in this Chamber a single
day that I have not been intensely mortified that
I was a member of this body in some respects. I
well remember there was a time when this body
was the most decorous, dignified, and respectable
body that my eyes ever looked upon. The mate-
rial here is good enough, but there is a total dis-
regard of everything like order and respect to
fellow-members when they are addressing the
body. It is not alone that disorder exists in the
galleries, but it exists on the floor of the Senate.
The rules of the body are such as to enable the
officers of it to enforce authority, and to maintain
order and profound silence.
Mr. MASON. I must call the Senator to or-
der.
i Mr. HOUSTON. I had permission,
i Mr. MASON. There id no question before the
1 Senate exeept the bill.
j Mr. HOUSTON. There is the most important
question, Mr. President, that has ever been pre-
sented to the body.
! Mr. MASON. I call the Senator to order; and
I submit that question.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state his point of order again ?
Mr. MASON. The question before the Senate
is on the deficiency bill, and the remarks of the
Senator arc not relevant to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine to the deficiency bill.
Mr. MASON. I object to the remarks of the
Senator from Texas, because they are not perti-
nent to that question.
Mr. HOUSTON. They are most pertinent.
Mr. MASON. I submit the question to the
Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair will indulge me.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee has the
floor upon the bill. He gave way to make a
