m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
hundred and seventy-eight strong, $293,784 39.
If to this be added the maximum cost of raising
such a regiment, $14,630, we shall have an aggre-
gate of $308,414 39; and this divided by eight
hundred and seventy-eight would give us the cost
per man for the first year, $351 24. The cost of
raising a regiment would of course be excluded
from all subsequent calculations. The estimate
for clothing would be greatly lessened the second
year; and the estimate for camp and garrison equi-
page would disappear.
We have had an estimate lately sent in to us,
of §385,000 required by the pay department alone
for twenty companies of volunteers for six months.
That would be equal to ten companies for twelve
months; and taking it and comparing it with this
estimate of a regiment for a year, adding the cost
of rations, which are $77,015, it would give a
total of $462,015, instead of the $385,000, (adding
merely the cost of rations to the pay,) or $526 21
per man. It follows, then, that a regiment of vol-
unteers would, for one year, cost more than a reg-
ular regiment of the same strength, $,153,600 61,
or an individual volunteer during the same pe-
riod, $174 97 more than an individual regular sol-
dier. It will be remembered, however, that these
volunteers are mounted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In my statement as to the
cost per man of the Army, I took from the esti-
mates submitted by the War Department what
the Secretary of War himself states as to the ex-
penses of the Army proper. I find the estimates
as follows: First, expenses of recruiting, trans-
portation of recruits, &c., $110,000; next, pay,
commutation of officers' subsistence, commuta-
tion of forage, payments to discharged soldiers for
clothing not drawn, payments in lieu of clothing
for officers' servants, subsistence in kind, clothing
of the Army, supplies for the quartermaster's de-
partment, incidental expenses of that department,
barracks, transportation of officers' baggage,
transportation of troops and supplies, purchase
of horses, contingencies of the Army, medical
and hospital department, contingent expenses of
theadjutantgeneral's department, expenses of the
commanding general's office,—the whole making,
together, as the expenses of the Army proper,
#14,77G,G19 49.
Now, if we take, according to the statement of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, the cost
of raising a regiment, and count that only as added
to the pay and rations, undoubtedly he may bring
the expenses per man to four or five hundred dol-
lars; but have we any assurance that all the other
expenses mid all those other branches of the Army
service are not to increase proportionately to the
Ai my, and consequently that the sum total of the
appropriations will still remain about a thousand
dollars per man ? I do notprof'ess to be acquainted
with thesedetaiis, but I take the report of the Sec-
retaty of War, and be says he wants §15,000,000
foi the Army proper, which now averages about
fifteen thousand men, making §1,000 per man.
Mr. DAVIS. I am. obliged to the Senator from
Louisiana for his explanation. I think it is easily
answered. It is a process of calculation which al-
ways leads to error. There are some methods of
computation which will occasionally be right, and
sometimes wrong; but that is a process which is
always wrong, and cannot be right. I will put
the two cases that result from that process. I
will suppose that fortifications cease; that the
manufacture of arms ceases; that your staff is dis-
banded; that you swell the companies to the max-
imum limit; that you have additional regiments;
that you raise an army to that magnitude which
mighteven frighten the Senators who have spoken
of the dangers of a standing army; and yet, ac-
cording to this process of calculation you would
bring forward a beautiful sheet of economy. You
would have lopped off the vast expenditures which
do not depend on numbers; you would have mul-
tiplied the lower grades where the smallest pay is
received, and, per capita, you would bring up a
sheet demonstrating a most economical adminis-
tration. Now, let us take the other case; that
following in the footsteps of our fathers and prof-
iting hy the experience of the time which has in-
tervened from their day "to this, we think proper
to maintain in time of peace a large staff; we
think proper to go or with fortifications for the '
contingencies of war; we think proper to go on
with the manufacturing of arms, so that the whole j
militia may be supplied at any moment; we think
proper to cut down the companies to the small
number necessary for duty in time of peace; we
think proper to maintain a large number of regi-
ments in proportion to the whole number of the
rank and file; and then, per capita, you have the
greatest expenditure you could possibly show,
and yet you have the wisest economy, according
to the theory of our military system, which you
could adopt.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the list of expenditures
to which I have just referred, I carefully excluded
everything having reference to the manufacture
of arms, and to fortifications. That list has no
reference to them at all. They are excluded. If
we include these and other items, the expenses
would reach twenty millions.
Mr. DAVIS. But you include all the vastly
expensive portions of the Army in your estimate.
You include the staff, which would be increased
by adding to the number of men, and which, on
our theory, is maintained in time ofpeace because
it is essential in time of war; because it is a part of
that arrangement by which you may accumulate
a large army in the field and have it effective with
the small nucleus you preserve in time of peace.
Besides, it will be remembered that by special
legislation you have sometimes increased the pay
of particular officers, general and staff; you have
raised it to a magnitude which bears no relation
to that of the soldiers; and this is an argument ad-
duced against the increase of companies, against
the increase of privates in the Army; but it has
resulted from the pay which you have bestowed
with a liberal hand on some officers in the service.
I say such a process of calculation leads to error,
and cannot lead to any other result. It never can
evolve the truth. It may vary the one side or the
other, just in proportion as the Administration
multiply the troops and diminish the size of the
staff, or the reverse; but it is false, work it out as
you may.
In the argument of Mr. Calhoun, in his report
of 1820, in answering then the very same objec-
tions which are made now, as to the expensive
character of our peace establishment, he pointed
out the unfairness of including the staff m such
an argument, and running a parallel between the
staff of our Army and others. A nation of Europe
keeping on her peace establishment an ai my equal
to her war purposes, and having it concentrated,
and with a staff exactly commensurate to the size
of that army, forms no standard of measure for a
country like ours and an army like ours, where
we preserve, in time of peace, a staff suited to the
vast augmentation of our force, by bringing the
militia into the field in time of war. The same argu-
ment which he made then is applicable now; but
1 shall not detain the Senate longeron this point.
I am not arguing that the expense of our mili-
tary establishment is not great, or I should say
more properly the expense of protecting our fron-
tier. I am arguing rather that the whole theory
on which the opposition rests is wrong. They
contend that in proportion as you increase the
number of men, you will increase the expenses of
the Army. It is not so; because, if you use one
regiment to perform the duty of five, you add to
the expense of that regiment the transportation of
moving it to the places where five would be sta-
tioned, and you increase the expenses of that regi-
ment just in proportion as you move it over great
distances. Then the expense comes in, as this
year, in the form of transportation. It comes m
exactly as that deficiency which was cited by the
Senatorfrom Maine, and which he argued should
be included in the expense per capita ° That is an
expense which is proportionately great as you
reduce the number of men. The transportation
increases from the want of your ability to station
the men wherever you need them, and you make
up for that by taking the same man and using him
at a number of places. Never in the history of any
nation were such extensive marches and move-
ments made, and that over plains so desert and so
totally destitute of all supplies by the way, as our
Army has made in the last two or three years.
This brings me to the argument of the Senator
from Georgia, that on account of the improve-
ments which have been made, an army of twenty-
five thousand men is equal to what one hundred
thousand would have been twenty-five years ago.
Sir, twenty-five years ago we had none of these
long marches to make which are reported by the
oetictary of War. Twenty-five years tigo our
Indian frontier was within reach of supplies which
could be sent on navigable water. It has been
since that time that our Indian frontier has been
pressed outward, the settlements advancing ft ran
navigable waters, throwing our military opera-
tions into a country where everything has to be
transported at a vast expense, and where nothing
is to be obtained, either on the road or at the place
of destination. These are the elements of increas-
ing expense, and the expense is not to be put
down by making speeches about what has been
done in former times, and what might be done
now. It requires the cooperation of the legislative
and executive branches, to reduce the expenses
of the Army, or any other branch of the public
service. Reforms have been asked, from year
year, to improve the administration of the Army,
but they have not been granted. The last two
Administrations, as well as this, have recom-
mended to Congress changes in the organization
which would be conducive to economy and effi-
ciency. Congress has not heretofore responded.
Whilst it does not so respond, it seems as idle as
it is easy to make declamation against the expenses
of the military establishment.
We are told by the Senator from Georgia that
he takes the standard of Mr. Calhoun, and he
made the argument, which I am willing to pass
over, that Mr. Calhoun left ten companies to the
regiment, and therefore he was retaining the the-
ory of Mr. Calhoun, against the invasion of that
theory by the proposed bill. Sir, the theory of
Mr. Calhoun was not any'certain number of of-
ficers to the regiment; it was not any certain num-
ber of men to the company; it was not even any
certain number of officers to the Army. He says,
in his report, that those were things which varied
with different countries, and must vary in the
same country, at different times. He presented
what he believed to be a good organization of the
strff. What I claim respect for in relation to Mr.
Calhoun's theory of organization, is the great
principle on which it rested; not the details, which
were to vary with circumstances, but the mighty
truth, which his mind, contracting all light like n
moral lens, brought on the subject.- It was the
truth of this theory of a skeleton army, in time
of'peace, for purposes of instruction and organi-
zation, with a staff adequate to the vast nuniberof
militia which would be called into the field when-
ever we should be engaged in a foreign war.
That theory he presented; that theory he de-
fended ; that theory has been justified by the prac-
tice and the experience of the establishment from
that day to this. That theory is not violated by
changing the number of men in a company, or
the number of men in a regiment, or the number
of companies in a regiment. The number of com-
panies in a regiment varies from twelve to eight.
It is not violated by increasing or reducing the
Army. It would only be violated by establishing
as a rule that we would on ourpeace establishment
keep a certain number of companies required for
frontier service, and swell them up to the war or
maximum standard, and then, when we get into
war, be compelled to meet its contingencies by
raising new troops, or, as Mr. Calhoun said, in-
troducing a new element instead of expanding the
old one.
The Senator from Texas says there is a want
of respectability in the rank and file of the Army,
and he draws that want of respectability from
their inability to obtain promotion. I answered
bun on that point this morning, and showed him
that, at least, recent legislation had removed his
argument, had opened the door wider than ever
before, and the rank and file were in a better con-
dition now than they were at the time to which
he referred, so far as promotion was concerned.
I endeavored—I will not say successfully—to con-
trovert his idea that the present object was to di-
minish that opportunity. I sought to show, and
I must say I believe I did show, that the first sec-
tion of this bill was to increase the opportunities
for the promotion of the rank and file, both to
commissioned and non-commissioned officers.
But he repeated this morning something like the
argument he made the other day when he averred
that there was an impassable barrier between the
rank and file and the commissioned officers, and
he ascribes it all to the Military Academy as tiic
root of the evil. He says these ate political ap-
pointments. He seems to have a very bad opinion
of a man because he has been instructed ill a pai-
