1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1739
motion to adjourn. Wuh his leave, I withdrew
the motion to enable the honorable Senator from
Texas to address the Senate; and now, the mo-
tion of adjournment being withdrawn, and the
bill coming up, the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee is the person who has the disposition of
the floor.
Mr. BELL. I hope my honorable friend from
Texas 
Mr. HOUSTON". I renew the motion to ad- j
journ; but I wil! claim the opportunity, on to- j
morrow morning, of finishing my remarks on i
this subject. I
Mr. BELL. I do not wish an adjournment on j
my account. i
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 22, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OCEAN" MAIL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post-
master General, asking legislation to provide for
the transportation of the mails to Bremen and
Havre, and also between New York and Liver-
pool; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
BOOKS IN THE CAPITOL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
consent of the House to permit mo to offer a res-
olution in relation to the books now under the
rotunda of the Capitol.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, a va^t number of valuable books, the prnpeity
of tin* House, are lyin", without order or anangement, in
the apanments on the ground floor,below the lutunda of the
Capitol: Therefore
Me tt resolved, That be appointed to in-
vestigate the condition of these books, to classy them, and
to make a repoi t to the proper officer-? of the House ; and
that,m thi-« duty, he be allowed tiiesciviee^ol an a^istant,
both to serve at a rate ot compensation to be heieafter de-
termined.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will read
to the House a short statement which has been
placed in my hands, and which throws nil the
light on the subject that I have. It is as follows:
u A vast number of books, congressional and other, are
lying in a room below the louinda, on tin* ground flooi.
Among them are the woiks of John Adaim, packed in nu-
merous boxes. These books are the only oner, which he m
any regular order; the re-t are piled in immense heap-,
without order ot arrangement, plentifully lntetmmjjled with
coal and a*.hos, arid many of them rouen with moid.
Among them are liuudieds of pets of the United States
Statutes at Largo, and other of the most valuable congres-
sional publications. It would be almost impossible to give,
from a casual examination, any near estimate of the num-
ber of th«'be book?; though it evident that thtu \aiue
must be immense."
That is the extent of my information.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest that this mat-
ter be referred tr> the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that the reso-
lution was only read for information; and if it is
going to give rise to debate, 1 shall object to its
introduction.
Mr. MASON. I only wish to state 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina indulge the Chair in making a
suggestion in reference to these books?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, hearing a few i
days since that there was a large number of books j
under the Capitol, instructed the Doorkeeper to I
have them removed. The Doorkeeper at first re- \
ported that there were two, three, or four wagon I
loads; but after the work was commenced, he re- <
ported to the Chair yesterday that there were per- '
haps fifty wagon loads. The Chair went down j
yesterday evening, and made an examination of i
the books. A great many of them have been '
destroyed by mold and rot; but such of them as
are of any value at all, the Doorkeeper is now \\
having brought from the old portion of the build- jj
ing, and two or three rooms in this portion of the
Capitol have been assigned for the purpose of Jj
storing them, and having an inventory made of
them. The Chair supposes that the resolution Jj
of the gentleman from Kentucky would be a very (I
proper one; for the labor of cleaning the books
and indexing them will be very heavy.
Mr. MASON. I was going to remark that
these books do not belong to this House. Some
of them belong to the Senate and some to former
members of Congress. They have been there for
years.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I understand
! that they have been lighting fires with them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i ask the gentleman what
| name he proposes to put into the resolution ? I
| suppose, if he will put in the Doorkeeper, he can
, employ an assistant to do the work.
1 Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I proposed
to put in the name of Mr. Bargy, the clerk of our
' committee.
j Mr. COBB. If the resolution is to create new
! offices, I must object to it.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
WISCONSIN RESOLUTION.
Mr. BILLINGIIURST, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, relative to the
Lccompton constitution; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
The SPEAKER, stated the business first in or-
der to be the resolution offered yesterday by the
gentleman ftom Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy
Jones,] terminating debate upon the legislative,
&<\, appropriation bill; to which an amendment,
uflVied by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] was pending;,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I modify my
amendment so as to close debate upon the bill in
two hours after the consideration of the same
shall have been resumed in committee. I under-
stand the amendment, as modified, will be accept-
able to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
J. Glancy Jones.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I accept the amend-
ment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and thatthe House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state J
of the Union. !
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE BILL.
Mr. WASM BURNH, of Maine. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to wit hdraw his mo-
tion for a vei y short time until the bill offered by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
donating lands for agneultur.il purposes, which
comes up in the morning hour, shall have been
disposed of.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. SAVAGE. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the hill reported by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, giving pen-
sions to the soldiers of the war of 1812, was made
the special order for to-day in the Committee of j
the Whole on the state of the Union. I have been I
trying to get the floor for the purpose of moving j
to go into committee to take up that bill. I
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. |
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish to [
state  i
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely desire to \
say, if there be no objection, without occupying j
five minutes or three minutes, that I understand ■
it to be the will of this House and of the Senate :
to adjourn finally on the first Monday in June.
The adjournment on that day cannot take place t
unless we pay more attention to the approbation ;
bills. I hope, therefore, that the bill which has j
been made the special order for to-day will be j
postponed until after the appropriation bills shall j
have been passed. Unless the House devotes
more of its time to the appropriation bills, the ;
time fixed for the final adjournment of Congress
will have to be extended. I hope, therefore, the !
gentleman from Tennessee will consent to have \
the biil which has been made the special order 1
posiponed for the present. '
Mr. SAVAGE. I do- note think this appeal
comes to me with good grace* after-the marty ao*
commodations I have extended. to'aflowjheo.tjier
business of the House to be transacted., Thisbill:
has been postponed from time to time,5«nt^3wf8*
have reached this late period of the sessiohj;
if the House .now postpones it further,! sha]!
aider it as a defeat of the bill. I desire that-, thev
House shall understand that the effect of a further'
postponement will be to destroy the bill.'
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I object, and call for-
the regular order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
if this special order for to-day is not in the Gom-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I hope
we shall not go into committee until after we have
disposed of the bill in the House which comes up
in the morning hour, upon which the previous
question has been called. It will not take more
than half an hour, and then we can go into com-
mittee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to know
if the special order applies in the morning hour?;
The SPEAKER. It does not apply in the
House at all. It is a special order in committee.-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I'call for the
regular order. ,
The motion to go into the Committee of the^
Whole on the state of the Union was notagreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES BILL*
The bill (H. R. No. 2) donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts, upon which the previous ques-
tion had been called, was taken up for the action
of the House, the question pending being on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to lay the bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
condition of the bill has not been changed since
the House has voted upon that motion.
. Mr. HUGHES. Is there not a motion to re-
commit pending ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is pending1.
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers on seconding,
the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Millson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 91, noes 61.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. COBB. I want the House to understand
this: that the previous question cuts off all mo-
tions to amend or refer.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and on that motion demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask that the bill and amend-
ment be read, so that members may know exactly
what they are called to vote on.
The SPEAKER. The bill and substitute will
be read.
The amendment differs from the bill in not ex-
tending the proposed benefits to the Territories,
and in the addition of the fifth and last clause of
the fifth section.
The amendment, which is in the nature of a
substitute, is as follows:
A bill donating public lands to the several States which may
piovtdo colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-'
chamc aits.
Be if enacted by the Senate rrnd House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
there be granted to the several States, for the purpose here-
inafter mentioned, five millions nine hundred and twenty
thousand acres of land, to be apportioned to each State a
quantity equal to twenty thousand acres* for each Senator
and Itepre>entative in Congress, to winch the States are now
respectively entitled
Sec. 2. Jiiulbe it further enacted, That the land aforesaid,
after being sniveyed, shall be apportioned to the several
States, in sections or subdivisions of sections, not less tteia
one quaiter of a section; and whenever there are public
land> m a State worth 23 per acre, (the value of said
land* to be detei mined by the Governor of said State,) the
quantity to which said Slate shall be entitled shall be se-
lected from such lands ; and the Secretary of the fnterior is
hetcby directed to issue to those States in which there aie
