1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2763
propriation? "When Congress, for instance, ap-
propriated $100,000 to build an extension of the
Capitol, on such plan as the President might di-
rect, that justified the President m accepting the |
plan in accordance with the extent and magnifi- i
cence of the existing work. But when he had
determined on the plan, there would have been
authority for him to make that building according
to thjt plan, m one contract, beyond the amount
of §100,000, then appropriated. He had a right
to make the plan. He had a right to make con-
tracts for the carrying out of that plan as far as
he could to the extent of the $100,000 appropri- j
ated. If it was an improvident mode of appro-
priation, if a greater amount ought to have been
appropriated, then it was the fault of Congress in
not making it, and at their door lay the responsi-
bility.
The fact that the work could not be done as
cheaply by separate contracts as by one contin-
uous contract—by a contract covering $100,000
as by one covering $3,000,000—was a matter not
submitted to his discretion. It rested in the dis-
cretion of Congress; and if Congress saw fit,
whether from carelessness or perversity, to waste
the people's money, it was no part of the Presi-
dent's business to make them be economical,ac-
cording to his ideas of propriety. If there was a
law authorizing the President to make a contract
to construct the whole building, then, whether
Congress appropriated the money for it or not, :
that contract would be binding; but when we i
merely direct that the bui'ding shall be constructed,
and appropriate $100,000, then, fromyear to year,
the contracts must, under penalty of violating the
law of 1820, stop at the limits of the appropria-
tions. The contracts may be as large as the plan,
but they must contain a provision that they shall
not be obligatory beyond the amount of ihe ex-
isting appropriations, or they are illegal and void. ;
I specify the Capitol, mere y by way of example. I
In other words, in the abser.ee of a law author-
izing a specific contract, there can be no such thing
as a contract on the part of the Government which
could bind the Government beyond the appropri-
ation to the extent of a single cent. The act of
1798, to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
referred, has, and can have, no relation to the
subject. 1
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by adding
theieto the following:
Piovidnl, That none of this appropriation shall lie ex-
pended in the pmhHh^lmient of any pait of the Capitol ex-
tension with seulpiuie and painting, unless the deigns for
the !*amo shall have undergone the examination of a com-
mittee of distinguished artiti-, not to exceed thiee m num-
hp\.to be selected bv the President; and that the designs
whu-h said committee shall accept, shall also receive the
eub^equont approbation of the Joint Committee on the Li-
bi.ny of Cougiess.
The committee will recognize this as the same
amendment the committee adopted at my instance
before this hill was sent to the Senate. I came
into the Hall just as the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Crawford] was saying that the investiga-
tion by the Senate had established the fact that the
whole $750,000 would be wanted for the archi-
tectural part of the extension. Forone, I am will-
ing to give $750,000', if it is required, to execute
the architectural design of this bunding; but I am
not willing to give a cent for the embellishment of
this building by paintings or sculpture, unless it
shall be covered by (his condition. If there be no
design except that which the gentleman from Geor-
gia intimates, then my amendment will not be in
his way, or in the way of the architect of this
building.
I have no desire, sir, to attack the engineer who
has charge of this work. Although I do not con-
sider him a Phidias, or a Michael Angelo, I do
not want to attack him. But I do not want to see
the work of embellishment progress as it has gone
on. The House has already raised a committee
for the purpose of considering a memorial which
I presented in regard to the propriety of encour-
aging the native artists of this country, by giving
them an opportunity to exhibit their genius upon
the Capitol. I trust there will be no opposition
to the adoption of my amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. We have had con-
siderable debate upon this item, and as I have
already stated that not one dollar of this appro- |
priation will be used for the purpose of embellish- j
ment, I hope the amendment will be adopted by
the committee. It can do no possible harm.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to propose
an amendment before the question is taken on the
Senate amendment. It is as follows:
For whitewashing the interior of thecal! of the House
of Representatives, $10,000.
I have no speech to make in favorof it. I think
that gentlemen have the evidence before them that
it requires some alteration and some whitewash-
ing. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I agree with
the gentleman from Tennessee, but I think the
amount is too large.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman had better re-
fer the whitewashing business to one of the select
committees. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
On page 11, line twenty-three, strike out lines twenty-
four, twenty five, twenty six, and twenty s cven ; and also
hne< one, two, three, lour, and five, on page !-J, as follows:
"For the puicha^e of fifty copies of the Diplomatic Cor-
respondence of the United States trom 1776 to 1783, in six
v'olumes. at five dollar* per volume, to supply such States
and Temtorie-; as have not been furnished with them, and
such of our im-s-ion* abroad a* have not been heretofore
furniNhed with them, the sum of $1,500 "
Mr. J, GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concunence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
After hue two bundled and fifty-eight insert:
For defia\iu£r the evp.'n-e-s of a certain pnity of Omaha
Indians who vi-tted the city of \V«i-hmcton during the
months of Febiuary arid Maieh, I So 2, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretaiy ot the rutenor— bems?
the balance of a former apniopriation, vyhieh \v<is cained
to the put plus fund on the yOth June, 1857—§335.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence m ;
that amendment. ;
The amendment was concurred in. ;
Fifteenth amendment:
Before line one of section two mseit:
Foi payment to the Secretni y of the Senate of tin-sum=
paid by him 10 the repiesematives of Senators Bell, Butler,
and Ru-k, under the resolution of the Senate of the 10th of
Match, 1858, riirecunz the pa) ment of the same, out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, to the representatives of the
said Senators respectively, $2,589 04.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by adding
the following:
For pavment to the widow* of the Hon. John G Mont-
gomery, the lion Samuel Brenton, and the Hon. James
Loekliait, member elected to the Home of Repre-rnm-
tivos for ihe present Conore^. bur now deceased, a salai led
compensation at the i.Ue ot $3,0J0 per annum, to the wid
ows of the two fii>t-nained members elect, three momhs
each, and to ttic widow of the last-named member, six
months, $3,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment is a violation of an existing law,
and is certainly not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and rules the amendment to be
out of order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendment
of the Sen ue is also a violation of existing law.
Mr. NIBLACK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw his question ot order,
and allow this amendment to go with that ot the
Senate to the committee of conference, which, I
suppose, will be appointed on this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I think this bill is
bad enough as it stands, with the Senate amend-
ments, and I do not want to make n any worse.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means have recommended a non%con-
currence in the amendment of the Senate, on the
ground that, it is a violation of the compensation
act. The fourth section of the compensation act,
approved August 16, 1856, is as follows:
"Sec. 4.  /ind be it further cnaclei!. Th.ttui the event of
the death of a Senator or Representative or Delegate, prior
to the commencement of the th-t session of the Congress,
he shall be neither enfticd to mileage or compensation;
and m the event of death alter the commencement of any
j ses-ion, bis iepre>ent itives shall be entitled to receive so
' much of ins compensation, computed at the lare of j$3.< 00
i per annum, as he may not have received, and any mileage
; that may have actually accrued and be duo and unpaid."
Tile CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania submit an amendment ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I believe I have
the right to discuss the amendment m the hour to
which I am entitled to close debate. Now, sir,
if this amendment had originated in the House, it
would not have been in order under our rules;
but the Consiitution gives the Senate the right to
amend the appropriation bills, and they have not
the same stringent rules m force there. . Tilis
amendment, therefore, comes to us in order.
It seems that during the present session of Con-
gress, the Senate passed a resolution authorizing
this money to be paid to reimburse the Secretary
of the Senate for the amount paid by him to the
legal representatives of three deceased Senators.
The Committee of Ways and Means thought the
payment was a violation of the existing law, and
therefore recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate. The true construction
of the compensaiion law is, that the widow or heirs
of a member of Congress, who may die one month
before the meeting of the first session of Congress,
shall be cut oil'from receiving any compensation
whatever. It may be an unjust provision. I think
the law is defective in that respect. But the law
-is clear and distinct unon this point. This ap-
propriation is directly in conflict with that law;
and the Committee ofWays and Means are of the
opinion that we had better live up to the law.
They do not think this is the proper place to
change that law, and they, therefore, recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment of the Sen-
aie. I will add, that if this amendment of the
Senate be concurred in, the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana will bo precisely in point. It
makes pi ovision in the case of deceased Senators,
and if payment is to be made in favor ol Sena-
tors who died previous to ihe first session of Con-
gress, the same should be the case as regards de-
ceased members.
Mr. NIBLACK. It may, perhaps, be not
inappropriate that I should say that there is now
a resolution before the Committee 011 Mileage,
which they will report upon soon, meeting all
\ these cases.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I think the reform
! would be a good one, but inasmuch as it is not
i now the law, I obieet to the amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I have only a word to say on
I this matter. I was as much opposed to changing
1 the compensation actus the gentleman from Penn-
j sylvania or anybody else, but 1 thinlc he assumes
| in his argument the question in issue. The first
i session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress was ihe first
! session held after the expiration of ihe Thirty-
j Fourth Congress—the first session held after the
; 4th of last March. The President of the United
i States did call the Senate in extra session. Those
whose terms expired on the 4th of March went
out at that time,and the mcoirwig members came.
: in at that time and were sworn 111, Was that a
; continuation of the old session? If so, how did
1 you get rid of the old Senators and put new ones
! Ill ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The phraseology
! of the act is " the lirst session of Congress." A
session of the Senate alone 13 not a session of
; Congress, but a session of ihe Senate.
The question was.taken upon concurring in the
1 Senate amendment, and it was not concurred in.
] Sixteenth amendment:
Tor continuing the e\tensum of the Treasury building,
,v.50.>,U'K).
! Mr. J GLANCY JONES I wish to say that
i the Senate amendments, sixteen to twenty-two
inclusive, embrace the custom-houses, which we
had formerly before the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union, and, if it is the pleasure
,■ of tiie committee, they may as well be considered
i; together.
Mi. BRANCH. I ask for a vote, severally,
■ upon the amendments
' Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
" Ways and Means n commend a non-concuirence
j, in this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, fs there any other
,! provision for the Treasury building r
|j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There is none. I
will repeat, once for all, that the estimates for
ij these matters were not sent in to us by the Sec-
] retary of the Treasury until towards the close of
j' the session. They were sent to the Committee
!' of Ways and Means. We had already passed
