1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ticular branch. He seems to reach the conclusion
that it follows as a necessary consequence that if
a man has been educated for a particular profession
he is utterly unlit for it. Therefore, the lawyer
who gets a license must be unfit to go into court;
the surgeon who has walked the hospitals must
be unable to perform an operation. It seems to
me that the test to which they are applied ought
tobringanybody's mind to adifFcrenteonclusion.
I propose to notice that in connection with his
arguments that this is political favoritism. I
claim that on the theory which at present exists,
we have the most democratic basis which could
be incorporated into the Army. How arc your
cadets appointed ? It is true the law leaves to the
Executive the power to appoint; but it is well
known that the practice is, and for many years
has been, for the members of the congressional
district in which a vacancy occurs, to nominate
whomsoever ho pleases from that district, and the
Secretary of "War always appoints the person so
nominated. Then these appointments are polit-
ical only in the sense that they represent every
shade of political opinion which is represented in
the House of Representatives, and that every
political party which can have a voice m the
House of Representatives has a representative in
the Military Academy. Is that objectionable ?
if so, how is it proposed to be cured?
Then, again, the iavgc number appointed, say
one hundred per annum, exceeds the number who
■are commissioned, say forty or fifty, more than
two to one. Thus double or more than double
the chances are given to the youth of the country
to get into the Academy that are offered to get
places in the Army- I say you multiply the
opportunities; and how is this bioughtto bear?
From each congressional district a nomination
may be made. The cadet so nominated enters the
Academy, and there it depends on himself whether
he shall go through and obtain a commission or
not. When he nttnins that commission, ho feels
that he has something which be has won by his
own effort; something he does not owe to the fa-
vor of any one, save so far as he may run back to
the early favor he received from the member who
nominated him to an office which was so small that
the member had probably forgotten it. If, then, I :
say, there is any mode by which you could leave j
the officer of the Army without any political bias 1
of character; any mode by which you could leave ;
him independently to feel that he might entertain
whatever opinions he pleased, it is that which
you have adopted,and which enables him to reach
a commission by his own effort, in contact with
the struggling many by whom he is to be sur-
rounded.
If you were to increase that Academy twofold
in number, you would but render its principles !
more democratic; you would but increase the ,
chances to youth to get position; you would but
increase the struggle which would be required to J
obtain a commission, and give him additionally j
to feel that whatever he attained he owed to his j
country, and not to man; to himself, and not to ;
mere political favoritism.
Several Senators requested Mr. Davis to yield
the floor, as the hour was late.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course I will conform to the
pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Mississippi yield ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I appeal to the Senator from
New York to withdraw that motion to permit me I
to move for an executive session. The public '
business requires it. j
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion. j
•Mr. BENJAMIN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration ofexecutive business, j
The motion was agreed to; the doors were
closed: after some time they were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 10, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William Pincicney, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill (No.
45) further to amend an act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to intioducc a joint resolution providing for a
mail route, for reference merely.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will itgi-ve
rise to debate ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Oh, no; I merely want to
have it referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
for that purpose.
POST ROUTE IN LOUISIANA..
Mr. DAVIDSON then introduced a joint reso-
lution instructing the Postmaster General to es-
tablish a certain mail route; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask.that the joint resolu-
tion be read for information.
The joint resolution was read. It instructs the
Postmaster General to establish a mail route from
Lavonia, via the new road or court-house of the
parish of Point Coupe, to the landing on the Mis-
sissippi river known as the Point Coupe post office-
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection comes too late.
Mr. HOUSTON. I objected as soon as I could
hear the resolution read.
The SPEAKER. It was the second reading
of the resolution.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post ltoads.
PRINTING OF THE PENSION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Savage] desires to
make a motion to print his pension bill. I have
no objection to that, and yield for that purpose.
Mr. SAVAGE, i have received a large num-
ber of applications from members of the House,
and from other quarters, for copies of the pension
bill which I reported the other day from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions; but I have been un-
able to supply those demands. I move that that
bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMPHIS AN INSPECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. AVERY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill providing for the establishment of an
inspection district at the city of Memphis, m the
State of Tennessee; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CHILDREN OF EDWARD HARRIS.
Mr. HILL asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, Tii.it the Conun^aionerof Pension^ bo instruct-
ed to deliver to the chairman of the Committee of this
House on Revolutionary Claims, the onginal papers and
documents on tile m his office, appertaining to the claims nt
the children of Edvvaid Haras and of Elizabeth Hani*, his
widow; and al«.o to send to ^aid committee all of the ori-
ginal papeis ni his office belonging to the claim of the chil-
dren of Elizabeth Wilson, widow of John Wilson, deceased.
Mr. SEWARD. The resolution asks for the
withdrawal of original papers from the Pension
office. I think that it is not proper for us to grant
leave for the withdrawal of original papers when
copies can be supplied. I hope my colleague will
amend his resolution in this particular.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that the papers he refers to will be sur-
rendered on application of the committee.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my resolution. Copies
will not answer the purpose I have in view, or I
would be content with them.
RESOLUTIONS OF ALABAMA.
Mr. CURRY, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of the General Assembly of the State
of Alabama, in favor of the establishment of an
armory in Shelby county in said State; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTION OP TENNESSEE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Governor of the
State of Tennessee:
Executive Department,
Nashville, Tennessee, February 4, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit through you to the
House of Representatives, a joint resolution, passed at the
present session of the General Assembly of the State of
Tennessee.
I am, vc«y respectfully, your obedient servant,
ISHAM G. HAKItTS.
Hon. Jas. L. Orr, Speaker of House of Representative*.
The resolution inclosed was read, as follows:
"Resolvedly the G-eneral •Assembly of Ike State of Tinne s-
see, That our Senators m the Oonsrre^s oftheDuited States
be instructed, and our Representatives most respectfully
requested, to u«e all reasonable diligence and exertion to
secure the passage through Congress of a bill granting pen-
sions to the soMiers of the war ISIS, and the various Indian
wars in which the Government has been engaged; and that
the Governor of the State be respectfully requested to fur-
nish copies of this resolution to the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives xu Con-
gress
'•Adopted, January 7,3S58."
On motion of Mr. SAVAGE, the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, contain-
ing a statement of contracts made for 1857; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a,
communication from the War Department, con-
taining a list of clerks, &c., employed in that De-
partment during the year 1857; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, resumed the
floor.
CLERK TO SPECIAL COMB1ITTEE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to give way for a moment
that I may enter a motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield for
that purpose.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote of the House
yesterday laying on the table the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] author-
izmgthe special committee on the Pacific railroad
to employ a clerk.
The motion was entered.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois toallowme to introducea bill for reference
to his own committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Wbatiwt?
Mr. MAYNARD. A bill of a local character,
merely.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection.
Mr. MAYNARD then, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to liquidate the unadjusted con-
tracts of the Tennessee river improvement; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
which has been postponed until to-day for the
consideration of the House, is a bill amending the
act of J852, entitled " An act better to provide for
thesecurityofthelivesofpassengers on board ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam." It
is not my purpose to go into a detailed explanation
of the bill. I know how restive the House always
becomes at hearing these detailed explanations;
but I will endeavor to state briefly some of the
most important provisions.
I will, however, state, in the first place, that at
the last Congress a bill upon this subject was
agreed upon by the Committees on Commerce in
both Houses of Congress, on consultation with
many gentlemen in the different parts of the coun-
try, and with the Secretary of the Treasury. That
bill failed for want of time. At the commence-
ment of the present session, I introduced a bill
nearly identical in its provisions with that agreed
upon at the last Congress. Two other bills for
the same purpose were introduced, one by the
gentleman from Louisiana on my left, [Mr. Tay-
lor,] and one by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Scott.] They were also referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and the three were
taken up by the committee and a substitute agreed
on, which I shall oiler for the consideration of
the House.
I trust it is not necessary for me to impress upon
the House the importance of further legislation
upon this subject. I think, from what we have
all seen within the last few years, and the last few
