1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Losses 011 the Lakes.
1854, Steam vessels, valued at $2,187,835 Lives lost, 119
3 8.w " 1,692,7 0 k< 118
1836, ♦< « 1,378,100 " 407
$5,258.6*35
644
On the western rivers for one year,from 18o2 to 1853.
78 gteamboats,"
4 baigfs, i on j)0ar(j of which 400 lives were lost.
73 coal boats,
32 salt boats, .
Recapitulation.— Value of property.
Lost on steamers on the ocean 
Lost on the Lakes 
5,258,625
£23,008,625
Kwnber of lives lost.
Lost on the ocean 2,307
Lor-t on the Lakes  644
Lost on western riven  400
3,351
Making the aggregate amount of treasure and
property lostin five years on the ocean ,$17,750,000
m steam vessels alone; and the number of persons
who have thus perished amountto over two thou-
sand human beings. In addition to this, if we ex-
amine the loss of life and property on our lakes
in the years 1854, 1855 and 1856, we find that
it amounts to $5,258,625, and six hundred and j
forty-fourlives; which,added to the losses on the i
ocean steamers, amounts to the enormous sum of j
$23,008,625, and over three thousand lives. :
Now, is not this startling, and does not this '
state of facts loudly and imperatively call upon
Congress to pass some law, so positive, so strin-
gent in its character, as to stay this reckless, this
inhuman and indiscriminate sacrifice of life, and
wanton destruction of property? We have dis-
covered that, in the short space of six years, o\ er
twenty-three million dollars have been consigned
to the sea, and over three thousand souls have
been buried in the "deep bosom of the ocean,"
by what we believe to be negligence, or a willful
mismanagement on the part of those who own and
who are interested in steamboats in this country.
Now, this bill proposes to remedy this evil by
making it the legal duty of all steamboat owners
so to construct their steamships hereafter that m
the event of their meeting with the dangers and
perils that are incidental to the sea, they will be
able to contend with and overcome them; or, if
by accident the ship is lost, this bill amply pro-
vides, in my estimation, for the preservation of !
life, and for the security and safety of the treasure !
which may be on board. |
Some of these provisions may appear to operate ;
with severity and a degree of hardship upon the
companies owning these vessels, on account of
the expenses necessarily incurred in carrying out
their requirements. In answer to any such ob-
jections, 1 would simply state that I believe that
before the expiration of a year after the passage
of this bill, they will be as much benefited as
those whose lives aie saved and whose property
is preserved by its just and humane operations.
For by its passage the risk that they incur of
losing their vessels will be largely diminished, and
the rates of insurance will decrease in a corre-
sponding ratio, thus saving the owners of steamers
a heavy tax as insurance money, whilst their re-
ceipts will be heavily increased when tiie travel-
ing community receives the assurance that there
is safety on board their steamers.
The thirteenth section of this bill provides
" that all passenger steamers navigating the ocean
shall be furnished with at least three water-
tight cross bulkheads, forming separate compart-
ments." As regards this provision, I have been
informed by numerous gentlemen, competent
• judges in such matters, that the expense of con-
structing these cross bulkheads in vessels already
built will be attended with but small cost, whilst
the additional guarantee of safety, both to life and
property, will be almost incalculable.
This is no vain and empty assertion; and in
order to satisfy this House of its truth and cor-
rectness, and also to demonstrate the immense
superiority that a vessel that is constructed with
these cross-bulkheads has over one that does not
possess them, I will cite the melancholy loss of
the Collins steamer Arctic, which came in collis-
ion with the French steamer Vesta. The Arctic
foundered immediately after she struck, whilst
the French steamer Vesta, reached a harbor with
her bows almost out of the water. Why was
this? Because the Arctic was not constructed
with these compartments, and the Vesta was, and
consequently owed her safety in reaching port to
that fact, and that fact alone.
Again, another case which has occurred more
recently, illustrates the necessity of having our
steamers so constructed. I allude to the Sarah
Sands. She caught fire in the Indian ocean,
with several hundred troops on board. This
steamer was nearly destroyed and partly blown
up by gunpowder, but being constructed in the
manner prescribed by this section, she reached the
Isle of France in safety. Here, then, is practical
evidence of the utility, the efficiency, in fact the
emphatic necessity of thiee compartments. Had
the San Francisco, or Central America, and many
others, been so constructed, we would not now
be moaning over their sad and lamentable fate;
neither would the destiny of the Pacific or the
President be now clothed in an impenetrable mys-
tery, of which no human mind can know more
than that they are lost, and lost forever.
This bill also provides, in section fourteen, for
a certain number of boats and pumps. There cer-
tainly can be no objection to that provision; for
every steamboat company ought and should be
compelled by law to look out for the safety and
security of the lives of their passengers in the
event of accident; and the only way that their
lives can be preserved in such cases is, by having
ample means, such as boats, pumps, rafts, and
other appliances, to assist them in the hour of
danger and in the time of peril. What was the
situation ofaftairs on board the Central America, at
the time when she went down on the 12th of Sep-
tember last? We find, from the evidence in this
case, elicited by the committee of investigation of
NewYork, that there were six hundred persons on
board of her, and that she only had boats suffi-
cient to carry one hundred and twenty persons in
fair weather; we also find her pumps inadequate
and insufficient for the occasion, and that she
could have been easily and readily saved, if the
necessary appliances which this bill provides for
had been on board of her. Why, the Eldorado,
Captain Burt, ran within fifty yards of her stern.
If she had been in possession of a mortar and a life-
car, as provided for in this biJl, she could have
shot a line on board of the Eldorado, made her
fast by means of a hawser, and every human be-
ing and every dollar of treasure could have been
conveyed from the Central America to the Eldo-
rado. Unfortunately, and to our shame be it
spoken, the law did not require her to have these
on board, and the Eldorado, a small schooner
drawing only seven feet of water, drifted some six
or seven miles to leeward of her by morning, and
was entirely incapable of rendering that service
which the dictates of humanity demanded, and
which her captain and crew were desirous of
affording.
Section sixtq,pn provides " that no steamer shall
be permitted to carry more than one person for
every seven tons of lawful tonnage measurement."
I deem this a most wise and salutary provision;
for I have traveled several times on the ocean
steamers plying between the harbors of New
York and Aspmwall, and from Panama to San
Fiancisco, and i know that the companies now
owning these California steamers are accustomed
to crowd passengers on their vessels without re-
gard to the safety of life, and utterly regardless
of comfort and health. The European steamers
seldom carry more than ptescribed in this section,
whilst I have seen six to seven hundred persons
on a vessel of two thousand tonnage, and one
thousand to twelve hundred on a vessel not over
three thousand tons, which vessels did not have
j boats enough to rescue one sixth of the persons
i in the event of fire, leakage, or any other acci-
J dent which might have compelled them to resort
! to the boats. 1 never yet have seen on these ves-
| sels a life-car or a mortar, articles that I conceive
to be indispensable, and which are provided for
by Governmental the various "life-boat stations"
on the coast.
As regards the " removal of two outside and
two ceiling planks from each side of the vessel
every five years," as set forth in section eigh-
teen, is very important in its nature and object,
and should be rigorously enforced; for past His-
tory on this subjcct shows conclusively that such
a removal should be made, if we wish to avoid
rotten hulls and unseaworthy vessels as a means
for transportation of life and treasure. As an evi-
dence, I point you to the steamer Illinois as one
of the many cases. This steamer, carrying the
United States mails, and commanded by a naval
officer, was, a few weeks since, on the eveof her
departure from the harbor of New York, wHen,
by the merest accident, she was found to be so
badly decayed as to render it necessary to remove
some fifty feet of her outside plank. Had not
this timely and most fortunate discovery been
made, we would have had the sad and painful
duty of again recording the sacrifice of a few more
hundred lives, either to the culpability, cupidity,
or carelessness of these steamship companies.
And in addition to the above case, I here offer, in
testimony of the necessity of this provision, the
names of a list of vessels that have rotted within
the period of five years from the time of their con-
struction,
list or vessels rotted in five years.
Names of vessels. Where and tv/icn built. Rotten,
Ship Copota NewYork, 1843 *1847
Southerner NewYork, 3833 3839
Panama   Connecticut, 1834 1842
Helena   NewYork, 1841 1847
Vanguard NewYork, 1850 1857
London NewYork, 1847 1857
Maid of Oiteatts New York, 1848 J857
Jacob Bell   New York, 1852 1857
Samuel Willets Mystic, 1854 3857
Wild Pigeon. Poitsmouth, 1851 3856
Bark Rover NewYork, 1848 1857
F. A. Perley Jonesport, 1848 1856
Rodeiiok Dim HalJowell, 1847 1855
Brig A. P. Flukur Orland, 1855 1857
* Rotten at both ends.
Again, there is another provision in section
twenty-second that I consider very important, and
to which I wish briefly to call the attention of this
House: it is in relation to steamboat inspectors,
and whilst it is far from my intention to cast any
reflection upon the character, the standing, or in-
tegrity of these gentlemen,! nevertheless believe
that according to Scripture, " a man cannot serve
both God and mammon;" hence my desire to pre-
vent these inspectors from being in any way con-
nected in'any manner, shape, or form, with steam-
boats or steamboat companies, so that theirinspec-
tions may be fair and impartial, and not swayed
or influenced by pecuniary motives. If interested
parties are to pass judgment upon their own inter-
est, or part owners of steamers arc to certify to
their seaworthiness, the whole matter becomes a
grand farce,and the traveling community becomes
a prey to a combination of steamboat organiza-
tions, of agencies, inspectors,Government officers,
whose immediate and direct interest will be to
shield the enormities and offenses of these mon-
ster steamboat companies, and to perpetuate a
system of duplicity and fraud upon the innocent
and unsuspecting traveler, that only assures to
him a sure and speedy death by intrusting his
body to their kind and tender mercies.
Again: section nineteen provides that all au-
thority shall be vested in the captain of the steam-
ship, and that he shall have entire control over
every department of the ship. This may cause
some surprise, as it is enunciating an old common-
law principle; but investigation of the loss of the
Central America revealed the astounding fact that
chief engineers were not under the control or sub-
ject to the command of the captain. Nowif this
state of affaiis be true, we find an imperium in im~
perio on board of our steamers; ana that where
there should be but one head in the hour of dan-
ger—when human life and property are involved
in the great stake, that disorderand confusion will
inevitably prevail,from a conflict of opinions aris-
ing from having two commanders, who may differ
in regard to the best method of saving the ship.
To obviate this, the provision vests all power in
the captain; and to him, and none other, is in-
trusted the fate of the ship, and to whom all shall
bow in implicit obedience.
1 have thus briefly and hastily as possible re-
viewed the various provisions of thus bill relating
to ocean steamers, and have arrived at the con-
clusion that it is sufficient and adequate to meet
the present demands and requirements of the coun-
try, by insuring and guaranteeing by its opera-
tions tetter security to the lives of the traveling
community. If steamers are compelled' to have
