1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2765
propriations for public buildings is in order. I
move to amend by adding the following:
Provided, That the sum* hereby appropriated for public
buildings ~hall not be used until sunn hcretotore appiopri-
ated tor similar purposes have been expended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ' I submit
whether that amendment is in order ?
Mr. BRANCH, it is to carry out an existing
law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is extend-
ing the existing law.
Mr. .BRANCH. It is only extending; the ap-
propriations in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair gives it a dif-
ferent coi^jstruction, and rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr. BRANCH. I take an appeal from that
decision, and I wish to submit a remark or two
upon that appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I presume the Chair bases
his decision upon the use of the word 44 similar/' j
If the gentleman should change it to" same," 1 do j
not see how the amendment could be out of order. •
Mr. BRANCH. That would not answer my I
purpose. j
TheCHAIRMAN. TheChairrulestheamend- j
ment out of order; from which decision the gen- I
tleman takes an appeal. j
The question being, " Shall the decision of tho ']
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?" ,
the question was put; and it was decided m the ]
affirmative. !
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and j
the amendment ruled out of order. i
The Senate amendment was then agreed to.
Twenty-first amendment:
lik-eit :
Fur fencing, grading, p'wing. find furnishing custom-
house« at ihe toliowimr piace*. namHv : at ElMvoith.
Mai 000 ; at Bath. Maine (/oi tuininue alone,) J! .100;
at ButlinTon. Veimont. ^4/>0 >; at New Ihutn. Connec-
ticut. ^£.3')0; at < Kwegn. New Vo> k, ^HOO ; atPlattr-bm g,
New Yoi k. -<9.900 ; ar V -wdik. New Jet-ev, $5,20n; at Al-
exandri i. Valuta, s3,7oO. at Noi tolk, Virginia, $12,000 ;
at Alabama. (\oi iiirnitmo alone.) «t>*2,60<); at Pen-
car nl.i Floi idn, ; at Si Louw, Mi^ouri, Si-1.60 i; at
L')Uisvi!le. Kenfuek\. 0D0; at Cleveland, Ohio, ,$'7,lu0;
at Galena. Mltnoi-:..$'3.76 < „ ,it Milwaukee, WBeoii^in.*7J00.
Mi. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means if any estimates have been made for these
vanous improvements r
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There have been
estimates made for every item in this amendment.
They wore submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means at a very late day of the session. It
was owing to a misapprehension that they were
not sent m at an earlier day.
Mr. SMITH, of Vngima. I was not aware
of the existence of the estimates, and that was the
reason that I made the inquiry. I was seeking
information with a view of shaping my course.
Mr. PALMER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the following: u Platt^burg, Now York, £9,900,"
add
Three thousand dollars of wine!) Men. or *n much theieof
a« mav be neee^an. shall be exp- mic .1 under direction of
the >eeietai v of the Tie-wny. foi pmelia-iiisz adjoining land
for the cu-tom hou-e -ite at I'latt-buig. which land pa:
ticuhuiv der-erihed in the me.noiuil ot the ttiutecs andcit
izent- oi said town.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order on
that am«- ndment.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend,by strik-
ing out the words, " fencing, grading, paving,
and,','so that it will read:
For furnishing the custom-houses, &c.
It seems that these custom-houses can be used
very well as they now are, if furnished, without
entailing upon the country the~expense at this
time of grading and inclosing the grounds. I
think that expense'can be well dispensed with
until better times. If we put them in a condition
that they can be used, that ought to be satisfac-
tory for the present.
Mr. ARNOLD. The appropriation is for fen-
cing, grading, paving, and furnishing; and the
whole amountappropriated is only aboutone hun-
dred thousand dollars for all. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia will not be
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment: |
Insert: ]
For fencing, grading, paving, and furnishing the marine 1
hospitals at the following places, namely: at Buinngton.
Vermont, $3,400; at CheKen, Massachusetts, (out budd-
ings, grading, and fencing,) $19,700; at !St. Mark's, Florida,
.^l.QOO; at Detroit, Michigan, @7,.>00; at Galena, Illinois,
$3,800 ; at fiuihugton, Iowa, $4,100.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose an amendment, to
come in at the end of the twenty-second amend-
ment, as follows:
Provided, That the said sums for public buildings, enu-
merated in the Senate's amendment, Irom sixteen to twen-
I ty-two inclusive, shall be raised by a loan, to be negotiated
! by the Secretary of the Treasury, at a rate of interest not
exceeding  ix per cent., and ledeemable at any tune witlun
ten years.
It seems to me that, inasmuch as we have gone
on and appropriated nearly eighteen hundred
, thousand dollars for these improvements,and for
the completion of public buildings, it is but right
and proper that the House should take upon itself
! the but den of raising the means necessary to ac~
1 comphsh these objects. Now, sir, we have heard
| a good deal of complaint about the $lf>,000,000
, loan, which was not estimated for with reference
1 to the appropriations embraced in these Senate
| amendments.
i Mr. HOWARD. Was not the J15,000,000 loan
; estimated for with reference to those amendments
! of which the gentleman is now speaking? They ;
; were recommended by the same Secretary. j
Mr. LETCHER. I do not imagine that it was ;
j so estimated for. i
j Mr. BLAIR. Is theamendmentof the gentle- !
! man from Virginia in oider? [
j Mr. LETCLIER.. The gentleman is too late j
1 with his question of order.
! Mr. RLAIll. It is soon enough, however, to
; save the gentleman a speech.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
> amendment is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. How did the gentleman get
the floor to raise a point of order ?
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman is en titled
to raise the point of order, and the Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. LETCH&R. Do I understand that the
gentleman does not wish to provide the means for
paying tins appropriation?
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
In-ert the following:
To Ptiable the Libiary Committee to complete the pav-
ment for a senes or portraits of the Pie.,tdents of the Um
ied Siatc>, connected t<>i undui authoiny of Con rcfcs, and
for (ironing the same, .$.">,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is an install-
ment due under a law of Congress providing for
tiie painting the portraits of the Presidents of the
United States, and the Committee of Ways and
Means lecominend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred m.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Illicit:
For p wins the expenses of tin* commissioner* appointed,
ni ptu -ua'tice of the joint lexihmon oi the 23th of IVbni.tiy,
to 1'icjuue ipto and tett the pioee«,se< ofj. T. Baiehu'
foi p'i eventii s the counter'eitms of the coins of the Unif'd
Sutes. in addition to tne vU;n appropnated h> said resolu-
tion, $600.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend aroncuirence in
tins amendment. It was for services rendered to
the Government in reference to detecting the coun-
terfeiting of coin.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
For printing oideied by the Penatc and House of Repi^-
sentaiives dm mir the Thirty Tnud and Tiinty-Fourth Con-
gresses, and paper for the same, $80,000.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Foi binding document-? ordered to be printed by the Hou*e
of Itepie<enutive^ during the Thirty Thud and Thirty-
rourih Congresses; and for engraving, lnhogiaphs,'and
eleeiOcypes foi the -ame, $123,000.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
For binding documents oidcied to be printed by the Sen-
ate during the Thirty-Third and Thirty Fouith Congresses;
and tor engiaving, lithographs, and electrotvpes tor the
same, $113,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have a short ex-
planation to make of these amendments. Early
in the session the Committee of Ways and Means
' recommended, through the gentleman who now
occupies the chair in this committee, a deficiency
bill, and the House disagreed to it. Subsequently
a bill was reported to the House omitting every-
thing in relation to books, and subjecting that to
the examination of the Committee on Printing.
.The Joint Committee on Printing, after a careful
examination as to how many books couid be dis-
pensed with, reported unanimously a resolution
requiring the amount of work to be done for which
these appropriations are made. In the House,
the resolution was sustained by a large majority.
Every dollar, therefore, that is appropriated here
is to fulfill contracts. The books ordered were
reduced to the very lowest point that could pos-
sibly be got along with. Both the House and the
Senate have concurred in the report of the Joint
Committee on Printing, and the Senate have put
in these amendments to carry out that report.
Unless you wish to repeal the act which was
passed the other day, the money must be appro-
priated .
Mr NICHOLS. I propose to amend by re-
ducing the amount one dollar. I do it for the
purpose of saying to the committee that it makes
no difference whether this money is appropriated
now or at another time. It must be appropriated,
for almost the entire work has been done, and the
money is due for it; and I do not suppose that
anybody ,n the House wants to go into piactical
repudiatio  . 1 submitted a report some time ago
which cut olF every dollar of this work that couid
be cut off with use or propriety; and the simple
question now presented is—will you pay, or not
pay, your debts ?
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ments; and they were severally concuned in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
To enab'e the Seeietaiy of the In*«rioi to complete the
dizof-t of the Matu-iu's of uianu'ncuuvt-, accoidm^ to the
letums of the seventh cen-u-«, 00  .
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Wa\ s and Means recommend an amendment to
the amendment, as follows:
But the woik ts noi to be undertaken except the Seore-
taiv of ihe Intenoi -hall be ^an?ljeit that the sum hereni-
buiore mentioned will complete ti.e woik.
Mr. GARNETT. It fell accidentally in my
way, Mr. Chairman,to make some inquiry m re-
lation to this subject-, and fiom what I have learned,
I think i he committee ought to strikeout the whole
amendment of the Senate. It is but two years nil
the taking of the next decennial census. These
statistics will be published very htlle in advance
of that census, and will be of very little use, ex-
cept as a standaid of comparison with that census.
In fact, if it were now published, they would give
a very inadequate idea of the pi esent condition of
inaiiulactuie.s, being published eight years aftet
the statistics were taken. If, instead ot publish-
ing this digest now, you delayed the publication
until the next decennial census is taken, and then
direct them to be published, alone with the results
of that census, m tabular form, they will show at
one glance the comparative condition of manufac-
tures in 1830 and 1SG0; and the publication will
cost nothing, or next to nothing; while, if pub-
lished now, it will cost from three to five thousand
dollars, and will be almost woi thless. 1 theiefuie
submit whether it would not be better to strike
out the whole amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment to
to the amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. Is this appropriation to print
them, or only to prepare them ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment merely
provides lor completing the compilation.
; The amendment of the Senate,as amended, was
| agreed to.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
[ For making the necessary repa.r- to the jail in Washing-
ton city, and putting Venetian blinds to the windows of the
| came. $540.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The appropriation
i for the Venetian blind is necessary, because the
windows of the jail look out upon ^ the public
; streets, and citizens passing by are insulted by
| the prisoners, not only in language, but by mde-
i cent exposure of the pnsoneis.
| Mr. PEYTON. I move to reduce the appro-
I priation to one dollar, and I will say that I think
| it is entirely useless to appropi hue a solitary dol-
j lar to fixing up that old jail. The only thins: that
: can, or ought to be done with it, is to tear it down
■ and build a new one. I went and examined it m
