2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
company with one of ray colleagues on the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and the
building is really not fit for a jail. I think it is
useless to spend money in fixing it up when you
will be compelled to build a new one in a veiy
short time. But for the condition of the Treas-.
ury, we should have recommended the building
of a new jail at once, and I hope the committee
will not appropriate a dollar for this old building.
Mr. JF. GLA..NCY JONES. J ask for the read-
ing of the letters which I send to the Clerk's desk,
which explains the necessity for this appropria ■
Hon.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
Office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
April 24, 1858.
Sir: Fn-compliance with the resolution of the Senate's
Committee on the District of Columbia of the 21st infant,
requesting me to furnish estimates " for making necessary
repairs to the jail in Washington city, and for putting vene-
tmn bhnds before the windows of the same," so as to ob-
struct the view ftom the inside ot the prison, without ex-
cluding ihe light or ventilation, 1 respectfully transmit to
you herewith an estimate prepared by Edward Clat k, Esq.,
the architect sui>eiin tending the erection of the Patent Of-
fice building.
Mr. Olaik accompanied me to the jail, and wo made a i
thorough examination of it, and narked upon such repairs i
as in our judgment were necessary to cairy out the purposes
oi ihe resolution.
Very respectfully, voair obedient servant.
JOHN B. blake, Commhuoner. i,
Hon. a. g. Drown, Chairman Committee on the District jj
of Columbia. United States Senate. !l
- !!
Washznoton, April 23, 1858. ji
Sir : I have the honor to submit the following as the es- j |
timatpd eo>t of the outride blinds, and other ncees&aiy re- i;
pairs at the jaii in this city.
Blinds to thirty-two windows     $040
Buckwoik, &.c. to windows, floors, ehiumoys, &c.... ^U0
#R40 11
Very respectfully your obedient -servant.
EDWARD CLARK, Architect* \\
j. r. Blake, Esq., Commissioner of Public iiiiilrfinas. )
Mr. PEYTON. I withdraw my amendment to !
the amendment. '■
Mr. REAGAN. I move to reduce the appro- ,,
priauon $500. I do it for the purpose of (villing '!
the attention of the "committee to the fact that it
is proposed here to make an appropriation to |j
repair a prison in tho city of Wnshmgton, and
of propounding tUc question to tho committee,
whether we are to appropriate money out of the !
national Treasury to take care of the criminals of ;
the city of Washington ? What connection 1ms
it with the ndmimsuation of tho affairs of tins
Government? What right have we to legislate |
upon such a subject? ij
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would remind :i
the gentleman from Texas that Congress is the jj
Legislature of the Disuict of Columbia. j;
Mr. REAG \N. I understand that very well. ;
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The county of
Washington is the District ofColumbia.
Mr. RE VGAIV. I understand that also.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONKS, And we appropri-
ated the money to build the jail. !
Mr, REAGAN. I understand that too; and '
that is what I am objecting to. We legislate for ;
the city of Washington; but the mistake which j
runs through all our legislation in regard to it is
the supposition that the power of legislating for
the c ty involves the power and necessity of ap-
propriating money. We improve their streets;
we construct their water-works; we not only
erect the buildings necessary for the public con-
venience in the city of Washington, but wc le-
gislate for the bemfit of the people here. We
appropriate money lor purposes which have no
connection whatever with the Government. We
should give this city a charter; we should invest
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
from Texas is aware that the people of this Dis-
trict have no voice atall in thisGovernment. The
Congress of the United States legislates for them
without their control or consent, and they have to
submit to our legislation.
Mr. REAGAN. I am willing to legislate for
them in everything that we ought to do; butl pro-
test against this plan of appropriating money for
every conceivable object. If they cannot take care
of their prisoners, let them turn them loose. It
is not our business to take care of them. If a
prison is necessary for members of Congress or
other officers of the Government, let us build a
jail for their benefit; but if the people of Wash-
ington want to convictand punish their criminals,
let them build a prison for themselves. We can
give them the necessary power to do it; but I see
no reason why we should build u prison,and take
care of convicts for the city of Washington.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The city of Wash- |
ington have a prison of their own, called the work- ■
house, where they send their prisoners. This \
jail contains none but prisoners of the United
States. The judges are appointed by the author-
ity of the United States; the prisoners are tried
by the United States; the jail was built by the
United States. This appropriation of $840 is ,
necessary for repairs, and for putting blinds to i
the windows, not for the convenience of the pns- I
oners, but to keep them from exposing themselves i
in an unseemly manner to persons passing m the !
streets. This buildin r was built and is owned by I
the United States, and is occupied by prisoners of
the United States. <
Mr. REAGAN. Are they held to be prisoners «
of the United States because they are convicts in j
the District of Columbia? 1
M r. J. GLANCY JONES. Under the laws of j
the United States. i
Mr REAGAN. Precisely; because they are i
in the District ol Columbia, they are convicts of |
the United States. That is a strange argument. 1
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the protection of the marine hospital at Evan^ville, j
Indiana, from the encroachments of the Ohio n\er, $7,000. '
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. U that amend- j
ment m oid«-r?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
germane t > the amendment of the Senate under
consideration, and dceidi s that it is not in order.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Thirtieth amendment:
For the extension of the court-house poition of th^ City
Hall ^o as toptovule nece«.&jiy and sumible acconmioda
lion*, for the srvcial court-, of the Distiut ot Columbia, in-
oluthnu lutnuure, heating appaiatm. inelo>uic, and other
 coe>-aiy nnproveniei.ts, $3^,000 • Provided, That no ob-
ligation '•hall be inclined, or contract entered into, which
look-> to nnv increased appiopuation by the United States
lor •«!)ul ptnpose.
Mr. J. GLANOY .TONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
ieiice in that amendment.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Th i r ty-ft rs t a me nd me n t:
To pay the diau ht-man employed by the Committee*
on Public IhnUhu^aiRi trimmds o( the two Hou-esot Con-
giess, tbi diawin«i and calculations furm bed. and inci-
dental expense;, defrayed by him during the la^t and pres-
ent .sessions of Congie^,$328.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
m that amendment. I will state that this is an
appropriation for a draughtsman employed by the
Senate m relation to the public grounds around
them with power to deal with theircnminal.s and this Capitol. The Committee of Ways andMeans
punish them as they sec proper at their own ex- *' ' ' *u-~ '   ~     
pense. If they need a pri.son, let them build a
prison; give them authority to do it, but do not
call upon the Federal Treasury to defray ex-
penses of this character.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That jail does not
contain a single prisoner except those sent there
by the United States, convicted and condemned
by judges appointed by the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. R.EAGAN. Is there a separate prison for
their own convicts ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. No, sir.
Mr. REAGAN. Well, that does not make the
case any better.
thought this work was not necessary and expe-
dient at this time, and they therefore recommend
a non-concurrence.
Mr. MORGAN. I understand that this gentle-
mart has already made these drawings and plans.
The work was ordered by the Senate committee,
and he has already performed it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I believe that is
the fact; but if the work has been done, it has
been done without authority of law.
Mr. MORGAN. It has been done by the au-
thority of the Senate committee who have em-
ployed him,and I think it no more than just that'
he should be paid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
ask the gentleman from New York if this work
has been useful to the committee ? I believe he
he is a member of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. ■
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly;theycould nothave
done anything whatever without it. I think it is
a very just claim and ought to be paid.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will merely state that I
know this work has been done. I know the gen-
tleman who has been engaged in the work.* He
was, as has been said, employed by the Senate
committee. I see no impropriety whatevcrwi pay-
ing this man for the work which has bean done.
The amendment was concurred in... f
Thirty-second amendment:* ▼
For satisfying the claims of the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts, "under the stipulation of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, concluded on the 9th day
of August, m the year 1842, a sum not exceeding $11,491 81
in satisfaction of such claims of the State of Maine ; and
.$9,215 13 in satisfaction of like claims of the State or Mas-
sachusetts ; to be audited by the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment,
made by the Senate, grows out of the treaty rel-
ative to the northeastern boundary between the
United States and Great Britain. It provides for
expenses arising out of what is familiarly known
as the Aroostook war. The difficulty arose some
years ago. I presume the House is familiar with
the facts. The people of Maine and Massachu-
setts took issue with the people of Canada and
the British provinces, and finally involved the
Governments of the United States and Great
Britain. An invasion followed. A considerable
amountof expense was incurred. Subsequently
a treaty was negotiated and ratified by the two
Governments. In that treaty provision was made
that the United States should reimburse to these
States the amount of money that they have ex-
pended. There is anotheramendmentwhich will
come up presently, growing out of the same war
; and same issues. Now, the difficulty is to get
j precisely at the merits of the case m this form.
| The States of Massachusetts and Maine prefeired
1 their claims to the United States; they were rcc-
j ognized, settled, adjusted, and paid. Afteranum-
; b'orof years the State of Massachusetts presented
; a balance of an unsettled claim. It maybe mer-
■! it.orious, but instead of its being presented to Con-
i| gross through the regular channels, so that we
n could examine it, turn to the treaties and laws,
:j and have a report from the Department showing
li the basis of a settlement, it is put upon the mis-
j cellaneous bill as a Senate amendment. We have
no facts, no statistics, so that we are at a loss to
get at the merits of the case. I am not prepared
\\ to say there is no merit in it; but the prima facie
]| evidence is against it; for wherd these accounts
I are once settled and adjusted they ought not to
. I be reopened. The Committeeof Waysand Means
|! therefore recommend a non-concurrence m the
:j amendment.
\\ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
i is mistaken in saying that this matter has n'ever
! been settled. What is reported in this amend-
, mentis simply paying in full, claims which have
been recognized by Congress heretofore, and paid
, in part. A letter was communicated to the Senate,
as [ have been informed, from the Department of
State, showing that the items which make up this
amount are of the character I have described—•
\ \ that is, are parts of a claim which Congress has
i! already recognized, and of which the proofs had
■ j not before been presented. The Government is
i! under a treaty obligation to pay these very ex-
!j penses, and this appropriation covers them. The
j gentleman from Pennsylvania does not deny that
ji if they are due the Government is bound to pay
them. The Department had the facts and re-
ported them to the Senate, and the Senate unani-
mously, I think,* made this appropriation. And,
besides, let me state that the States of Maine and
Massachusetts did come here early in the session
with their claim, and that it was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of this House, and
they reported unanimously lu favor of it; and I
have the bill and report in favor of it in my hand.
It has passed through a committee in each branch
:! of Congress, and I understood that it was agreed
| to by the Committee of Ways and Means on Sat-
'• urday last.
;! Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Why did not the
'i Committee on Foreign Affairs report it before?
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. They did re-.
