THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D'. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1858.
New Series....No". 42.
sion of tiic boiler or boilers on the paid vessel took place,
winch cau&od loss of lite to any ot' tile passengers; that tio
person whu was, «\ttor tlie passage of" tins act, as pilot, in
charge of any vessel propelled in whole 01 in pari by steam,
and catrying passengers as alososaid, at (he tune when a
collision between thesaid vessel and any other vessel took
place, which caused loss of' life to any of the passengers on
&aid vessel, or vvlncli caused loss of liie to any person on
the vessel couie m collision witli; and that no person who,
as nidstei or captain, was, al'iei liie passage ot tins act, m
chaigeol a vessel propelled in whole 01 in part by steam, and
cairyingpassengeisas aloiesaid, at a tune when a fire broke
out on the said vessel winch consumed the same wholly
or m part, and caused the loss ot life to any of the passen-
gers on said vessel—shall be employed in any capacity wnat-
ever on any vessel piopelJed in whole or in part bj7 steam,
and carrying passengeis as aforesaid, by the owner or own-
ers of the same, or by their agent or agents, until the yaid
per=on or persons shall have been tried, according to Jaw,
upon a chaige of'manslaughter, and shall have been fouiid
not guilty, and, in addition thereto, been declared, by a spe-
cial verdict of ajuiy, to have been entirely heeot ail cousin e
for misconduct, negligence, or inattention in relation to any
matter or thing leading to said loss of life : Piovidcd, always,
That the said prohibition shall not attach to any pei-son in
any case in winch a giand juiy may investigate the tacts
connected with any irtss of life as afoiesaut, and i-hall ic
fuse tu find any bill of indictment against such person, and
declare, by a wuttpn icport accompanying their finding,
that the said person waslree of any misconduct, negligence,
or inattention in the premises.
Jind be it farther enaded, That if any person shall be
knowingly emplo>ed 011 boaid of any vessel piopelled in
whole or hi pait by steam, and cariying pas-engers as afore-
said by the owner or owneis 01 the same, or by then agent
or agents, to di-charge the duties of engineer, pilot, or mas-
ter, oi captain, and the said vessel should be lost or suffer
injuiy while an.) one was actually emplojed theieou in vio-
lation of said prohibition as aioiesaid, then and in that case
auy policy of insurance 011 the said vessel, taken out by or
lor the honelit and advantage of the owneis of the said ves-
sel, shall he, and the same is hereby declared, absolutely
null and void, and no right of action of any kind whatso-
ever shall be had thereon.
And he it further enaded. That the master, 01 the owner
or owners of any vessel propelled in whole or in pait by
steam, and catiymg passengers as aforesaid, shall, pnor to
the departure ot such vessel on any voyage from any poit
of the United States where there is a collector, or any offi-
cer performing the duties of a collector, make and deposit
111 the officeof the said collector orothei officer performing
the functions of collector ai said port, a statement 111 writing,
and under oath, of the names of the persons employed on
the said vessel as engineers, pilots, masters, or captains,
■and mates, fbrthe said voyage; and that foi eveiy iailuie
to make and deposit such statement ui wining and under
oath as aforesaid, the master or the ownei 01 ounets of the
said vessel shall he liable to pay a penalty of five hundied
dollars, to be recovered in any court of competent juiisdtc-
tion from the said mastei ; or, if the payment of the saute
cannot he enforced again*-1 him, then to he iecoveied in like
manner from the ownei or ownets of said vessel.
Jind be it further enacted, '1 hat whenever any accident
shall hap-pen to any vessel piopelled m whole or m pan by
Steam, and cariying passengers as aiore-5;nd,by which theic
is loss of life to any passenger on boaid of the same, or to
any person on boaid of any other vessel, it shall he tfie duly
of the master of the said vessel to icport the saiin- at the
first port at winch the said master of the said vessel shall
Jandor arrive alter the said accident, within twenty lour
hours after his said landing oi arnvul; and the said repoit
filial! be made to the collector of the custom*, or other ofiicor
perioiming tlie functions of collectot, if the same be apoit
of the United States 01 it* TemtOiies, 01 to the consul or
vice consul of the United States, if it be a foreign po  t. And
the said leport shall be made in writing and under oath, and
shall contain a statement of the name of the vessel, the poit
from which shedeaied or look hei departmc, and the poit
she was hound to ; the names of the officers of said vessel,
and, as near as may he, the number and names ot the pas-
sengers on boaid ot the same ; thenatuie and cause 01 the
^accident^ the place and tune when the said at eident oc-
curred ; the numbed ol passengers lo*tor injured, and their
names, as far as may be, and the extent ot the mjuiy done
to the vessel. And any master who shall williuliy fail or
neglect to make a repoit and statement as afoie-.aid shall be
liable to a fine of not more than five hundred dollars, and
to be imprisoned not more than thice months, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
And be it further enacted, That if an accident should oc-
cur to anv vessel as afoiesaid. and no repoit of the same
should be" made, as required by the preceding section, to
the collector or consul of the port at which the passengeis
and crew fitst land and amve, as afoiesaid, either because
of the loss, physical disability, or will) ul default of the mas-
ter of the s.nne, then it shall" be the dut\ of the collector or
consul of or at the port a'otesaid to ascertain the facts con-
nected with the said accident from the sumvors, all or a
part of whom Miall he called before the said collector or
consul and examined on oath ; and the said collector or
consul shall, from the faefs ascertained by them, make on t a
statement in relation to the same, as nearly a" may be, in con-
formity with the one provided for in the preceding scction.
Jind be it further enacted, That the said collectors and
consuls shall file all oiigmal statements made to them in
relation to accidents as aforesaid by the master of any ves-
sel as aforesaid, as proscribed in the fifth section , and nil
statements prepared by themselves, as prescribed in the
sixth section, in then icspective offices, wheie they shall
remain on record.
And be it further enacted, That the said consuls «sha!J, im-
mediately after filing any statement as aforesaid, make out
two copies ot the same, one of which shall be transmitted
at once to the Secretary of the Treasury, and the othcrshall
be tiansmitted to the collectoi of the poit from which the
said vessel, the subject of said accident, was cle.ued ; that
the said collectors, or other officers pcrfoiming the func-
tions of collectors, at the port* of the Uuited States or in the
Teintories of the United States, shall, immediately after
filing any statement as afoiesaid, make out two copies of
the same, one of which shall be at once placed m the hands
of the district attorney ofthe United States for the distnct,
and the other shall be forthwith tiansmitted to the Secre-
tary of the Trcasuiy ; and ihat the said collectois shall, in
the like manner, make one copy of any statement scut to
them by any consul ofthe United States, and place the same
at once in the hands of the district attorney of the United
States for the district.
And be it father enacted, That the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury shall file the said statements transmitted to him by the
said collectois and consuls, as aforesaid, in his office, and
that he shall, from time to tune, as thev are received, cause
the same to be priuted. and printed copies of the same to
be sent or transmitted to all the collectois or othcj ojlieets
perfoimiiig the functions of collectors, one of which shall
remain in their respective offices for refeicnce to by the
ovvueis or masters of vessels, consignees, insurance com-
panies, or utidci writers, and others having an interest in the
matter* set fbilh in the same.
And be it further enacted, That it shall he the duly of the
collector, or other person performing the functions of col-
lector, at anv poit of the United States, or 111 the Ternto
lies ot the United States, in which a statement was filed as
piovided for in ihe  section, piior to the depaituie
of the vessel subiect to the accident desenhed in any state-
ment tiansmitted to htm by the Seoretaiy of the Tieasutv,
011 the voyage durum which the said accident necuiied, to
compare the names of the ollieeisof said vessel, asset forth
in the two statements; and in thecventol any (hsoiepnney
between the two statements, to give infoiinntion of the
same, and whetein it consists, to the Secietaiv ot theTreas
ury forthwith, who will, if in his judgment u may he neecs-
saiy,givc public notice of the same b> a eueular letter to
all whom it may concern.
And be it farther enacted, That every ca«e anting under
the provisions of the second section 01 this act, where theie
has been a prosecution accoidmg to law, which has been
teimmated by a special verdict of a jury, or a  eport of a
grand jury, declaring the peison pioceeded against to have
been entirely free of all censure for misconduct, negligence,
or inattention, as set forth m said section,-shall be mimedi
ately communicated to the Secretniy of the Tieastny bv the
clerk of the court in which the said pioceedmg was had, by
transmitting to him a copy ofthe uuliclmcnt thciein and of
the verdict of the juiy on the same ; or, when the giand
juryrelused to find an indictment, by transmitting a copy
of the charge piefeired and of the tepoit of the giand juiy
thereupon. And it is heieby made the duty of the Seuetary
of the Treasury to cause ihe same to be punted, and to
send copies thereof to all the collectois of the United States,
orothei olBeeis pcrlbinungllieduiiesot collectois, who are
hereby directed and icqn. ted t<> file the «atuo and keep them
of record 111 their respective offices for the inspecnon of all
havimran interest in the same.
The subject before the House, Mr. Speaker, is
one of the most important that can engage its at-
tention. It is one which contemplates the exercise
of the constitutional power of tins Government
j to regulate commerce, forthe purpose of throwing
j additional security round the lives of passengers
! on board of steam vessels and steamboats. It is
| well known thntaceidents have been of perpetual
1 occurrence on board of steamboats and steam ves-
I sels navigating our western lakes and rivers and
I navigatmg the ocean. From day to day, for years*,
] the public mind has been agitated by accounts of
i the most extraordinary and ofthe most shocking
I accidents; accidents which have been attended
: with a great loss of life, under circumstances
1 which were calculated to harrow the feelings of
; the survivors, as well as to give additional pangs
I in their death to these who were the victims.
| It is well known to this House that in 1838, for
I the first time, the power of the General Govcrn-
I ment was invoked for the purpose of attempting
; to establish some system, adopt and enforce some
! regulation, which would have the likelihood of
j lessening the frequency of these catastrophes. A
j law was passed at that time making provision in
J relation to the mode of building boats, estahhsh-
! mg rules with respect to the airangement of the
i machinery which should be employed on board
! of them, with a view to guard as far as possible
I against accidents, and pronouncing penalties
' against those who were in their charge for negli-
• gence or the result of inattention. This did not
j have the effect of preventing a recurrence of those
1 accidents. From year to year, after the occur-
j rence of some accident of extraordinary magni-
! tude and attended with great loss of life, Congress
has again and again had its attention directed to
the subject, in the hope of applying a remedy to
the evil. Again and again it has exerted its power
with a view to extending protection to those
whose necessities or whose pleasure make them
passengers on board of these vessels.
The provisions of all of these laws are of the
same character. These provisions were of tw 0
classes, and were intended to operate on all tha
causes tending to occasion loss of fife. The fmt
class of provisions was intended to op61*stte upon
the owners of vessels, and by compelling th6m t 
conform to certain rules in the construction o'*
their vessels, in the character of the machinery,
and in the equipments which they put on board
of them, with a view to the saving of life in th<;
event of accident. The other class related to ihe
action of those who were m charge of these ves-
sels, who were responsible for their navigation,
and upon whoso care, upon whose attention in
the discharge of their duties, the lives of passen-
gers depended. This bill proposes additional re-
quisitions of the same character; the im^o^ijion
of penalties of the same description. But', j\jj.
Speaker, experience has shown that all prcvio'u-*
requirements of law, all such penalties have boon
unavailing; that the requisitions made upon tho
owners of boats in relation to their constitution,
to their equipment, to their machinery, and to th«*
means and appliances of escape in the event of
accident, have not been complied with. Experi-
ence has shown, too, that again and ag?.in acci-
dents result from the inattention or the negligence
or the gross miscoivduct of the officers in charge,
without their being subjected to any penalty. Ic
is not the fault of the law, because the law con-
tains provisions which are ample. If the owners
of boats comply with the lav;, the chances of acci-
dent are diminished; and in the event of the oc-
currence of accident, the chances of escape are
multiplied. If they fail to comply, the policy of
the law is not carried out; and when the accident
occurs, the lives of our citizens are sacrificed. It
is the same wifh reference to the officers charged
with the conduct of these vessels, and upon whose
care and skill depends the safety of the pas'sen-
gers on board. The penalties pronounced against
their want of care are severe; but they, too, go
unwhipped of justice.
it has been my fortune to have been several
times present to witness the sad results following;
upon the explosion of boileis on steamboats, i
have seen again and again the mutilated remains
of tho&o victims of negligence, the torn bodies 0/
those whose forms were shattered and torn asun-
der by fragments put in motion by the explosive
power of steam. It has been my fortune to have
been on hoard one of our lake steamers when a
catastrophe of thatkmd occurred, and I thcic saw
the dead, scorched, and burned by that dreadful
agent, heated steam. I saw there, too, number?*
m the pangs of death from injuries and scalds,
shocking to behold, and heard their shrieks i\i
their last agonies.
In consequence of my having been present in
the midst of such scenes, my attention has been
much directed to this subject. Upon that occa-
sion, though it was my conviction, though it was
the conviction of every passenger upon the boat,
that the catastrophe occurred through reckless-
ness upon the part of the officers in charge of the
vessel, and the most shameless recklessness ou
the part of the engineer in charge of the engine,
not only were none of the penalties imposed by
law inflicted, but there was no inquiry. Why ?
The vessel which was the scene ol this disaster
was encountered upon the bioad lake, a wreck, by
one o£the steamers engaged in the same lino. It
was taken in tow, and carried, not to the poit of
destination or to the port of departure, but into
one of the smaller ports along the lake shoic.
When it arrived there, the passengeis departed
as suited their convenience. No inquiry was
instituted. It way the pecuniary interest of no
one to engage man investigation; no one had the
power to enier upon the matter and compel a thor-
ough investigation; and the consequence was, that
42
