1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2767
port some time ago, and (heir report was referred |
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of I
the Union. j
Mr. J. GLA.NCY JONES. I desire to inquire ;
whether the States of M<\ine and Massachusetts j
did not at some former period settle and adjust j
these claims with the Government of the United I
States? |
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Those States !
were to be indemnified for their expenses and !
losses, and as fast as they could asceriain and '
pay them, they have come to Congress, and Con-
gress has uniformly reimbursed them. . |
Mr. ,T. GLANCY JONES. Why were they j
not at that time included in the settlement? j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have already !
stated. They have been presented at various j
times, some two, some four, some eight, and i
some ten years, after the treaty was made. As :
soon as they were investigated, ascertained, and 1
paid by the State authorities, they have been
presented here.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will there be an-
other claim then, the next year, or at some fu-
ture time?
Mr. WASI-IBURN, of Maine. I understand
that this appropriation embraces all the balances !
which the States have paid up to this ttme. i
Whether there are any other claims for which 1
the States will be liable, and which will be pre- j
sented here, I do not know, and I do not care. 1 f |
there have been other expenses and losses which
the States are liable to pay, and for which the ,
Government has agreed to indemnify and reim- 1
burse them, why then let the Government do it.
The State Department, as I have said. have < x-
amined these voucheis; they have stated that
they are of the same character that the Govern-
ment has recognized before, and which have been
paid without objection.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I desire to inquire whether
this sum mentioned is to reimburse expenses in-
curred in carrying on this Aroostook war' or
whether it is interest on the sum which the State :
of Maine lost r
Mr; WASHBURN, of Maine. It is not for
interest. It is for money expended in or on ac-
count of the war. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs of the House state in their report, that—
" Part of the money now claimed bv the «aid State-* i-- for
expense- incurred it> the fulfillment of the said Jouith article
of said tieaty, and as the obligation in the aitieie was in-
cumbent on the United tftate--, ibe committee <ue opin-
ion that the United States ate hound to t< pay to the s-aid
States the amount evperurd b\ them a^ atote-aid.
'• Bv the fifth astiele ol said tieaty, the United States
agreed to pay to Manic and Ma^a^lm-ett^ all claim - ioi ex-
penses, men i red bv them theietoibio in pioteenng the dis-
puted terutoi}. The temammg claims of tiio-e now pie-
sentert by M.uue and Ma^achuneus an>e under tln> li'th
article, and, in the opinion of the committee, they ought to
be paid bv the United States.
'• Appiopuatioiis to (lie said States, for claims similar to
those now pit-sen ted, and ariMng under the sa>d treaty, have
hereto!ore been made by t'ongies-, and the validiU of the
claim* b is been uniformly recognized by the United States.''
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER, i propose to reduce the
amount $2,000. I want to make some inquiries
about this matter. 1 understood the gentleman
from Maine to state in his remarks, that this sum
covered some controversies growing out of land
titles.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I stated that
Maine and Massachusetts were obliged, under
the treaty, to setapartcertain lands to the settlers,
and that thoy run through a number of years; and
this is intended, in part, to pay the commissioners .
appointed by the States in virtue of the treaty to
carry out that provision.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand it, these
commissioners have been m session for a consid- j
erable time. Will the gentleman from Maine
inform us how long this commission has been !
sitting? I
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There have '
been two sittings; i do not know how long they
were; I presume the commissioners have not been
in session for more than a year, or perhaps not
mote than six months in all. The gentleman, if
he desires, can find the items in a statement from
the Department to the committee of the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. I have been looking there,
but do not see the items. I have never seen the
items at all, and have been perfectly in the dark
in regard to them, i have seen nothing but the
general statement made m the Senate, in the prog-
ress of the debate, that this claim was {< all right."
That is about all the information we can get in
relation to it. It is some considerable time since
this war ended and since this claim sprung up,
and if one part of these claims was adjusted, it
seems to me that all might have been adjusted on
that score, settled long since, and the Government
relieved from all liability on that account.
Mr. MAYNARD I would inquire if this is
not the same case that was before the House, and
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and on
which that committee reported a bill? J know
that one member of the committee [Mr. Moore]
was instructed to make such a report.
Mr.'LETCHER. I do not know that this is
the same claim; but, if it be, so much the stronger
reason why we should not put it into this appto-
priation bill, for it is nothing more or less than a
private claim, and should be examined as all other
claims are, referred to a committee, thoroughly
examined, and fully reported upon. I am obliged
to my friend from "Tennessee for his suggestion.
I think that that suggestion is entitled to some
weight in the decision of the question.
MVGRO ES B EC K. Thisisaclaim which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
by that committee the items making up this claim
were examined. We were advised by the De-
partment of what these items consisted. We ex-
amined the validity of the claim under the treaty,
and we allowed it; allowing interest from the time
the payment was made by the States. I have no
doubt the clnim is entirely just.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I stated in my
opening rematks that the claim might be a meri-
toi ions one; but what we object to is this mode of
leo i slat ion. Commit let   of Consress take up busi-
ness, and, having arrived at certain conclusions,
they make a report, and drop alt further proceed-
ings m the matter; and then there is a general
effort made to get them into (lie appropriation bills,
and we are brought to act upon them in the shape
of an amendment to an appropiiauon, without
examination, and without the documents. No
matter how meritorious the claim may be, this
system of legislation ought to be frowned upon
by the House.
Mr. GROW. I would suggest to the commit-
tee ihat if this is a claim arimng under a treaty,
then it becomes part of the expenses of carrying
on the Government, and does not belong to the
class of private claims for sen ices rendered.
Mr. LE i CHER. I withdraw my amendment,
with the consent of the committee, and propose
to reduce the appropriation £1,500. Both these
claims amountin'theaggregate to $20,000. Now,
the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
in connection with this matter, fixed the sum at
$19,803 33, so that there is a difference of almost
one thousand dollars between the amount set in
in this amendment to the appropriation bill, and
the amount rcpoitcd as due by the Committee on
Foreign Aifans. That bill does not go into par-
ticulars. It does not state what items make up
this sum of $19,603. We are furnished with
nothing except a general statement that there is
that much money due. Now it seems to me that
that discrepancy of itself shows the necessity of
looking into this matter a little more carefully
than it has been examined into as yet. We ought
to ascertain the facts by the action of the com-
mittee, and by the simple process of debating the
matter m the Committee of the Whole House,
where the items can be examined one by one, and
where the justice or injustice of the claim can be
shown. We cannot examine them here. Until
the present time I dtd not even know that this
matter had been referred to two committees of
this House. The gentleman from Tennessee tells
us that the Committee of Claims of this House
had the subject in charge, had examined it, and
had directed the report to be made.
Mr. MAYNARD. i beg to set the gentleman
from Virtfinift right. My statement was, that the
Committee of Claims ha'd had a case before them
ausing out of the Ashburton treaty, and my in-
quiry was to know whether it was the same that
was embraced in tins amendment?
Mr. LETCHER. The thing is just exactly
this: Here is my friend from Tennessee who is in
doubtlumself whether the subject-matter now be-
fore this committee was a matter investigated by
his or by some other committee. All he knows
is, that ins committee had the investigation of
some matter growing out of the treaty, and that
a member of the committee was directed to report
the facts to the House, together with a bill for the
relief of the States. But here, again, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Groe^beck] arises and calls
attention to the fact that the committee on Foreign
Affairs, of this House, has had charge of this
subject, and has directed a bill to be reported; and
when we come to compare the amount of money
embraced in that bill with the amount of money
embraced in the proportion now before the com-
mittee, we find a discrepancy of about one thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have but a
single word to sav in reply to the gentleman from
Virginia. Here is a treaty obligation which he
does not deny; and which the House does not
deny. The amount has been ascertained by a com-
mittee of the Senate, and by a committee of the
House; and now the question is, whether the
Government desires to repudiate the claim or
not?
Mr. LETCIIER. No, Mr. Chairman; the gen-
tleman will pardon me. Theie is no such ques-
tion before the House at all The difficulty arises
out of the fact thot you do not know the amount,
that the committees differ in relation to it, and
that neither of the committees agree with the ac-
tion of the Senate in the amount stated in this
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire simply
to ask the gentleman whether he would have tho
State of Maine, after she has paid this money in
good faith, come here and present her claim, and
run her chance of having it passed year after year,
when it can be finished in five minutes > ■
Mr. LETCHER,. If the State of Maine has
paid the bill, she knows what she has paid, and
exactly the sum to which she is entitled.
Mr. GROESBECK. I would simply remark
that the discrepancy grows out of the difference
of the rules regulating interest. I remember that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs was very par-
ticular, and cut down the claim as much as pos-
sible.
Mr. LETCHER withdrew'his amendment.
Mr. JONE^, of Tennessee I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " $9,000." *
Mr. Chairman, my understanding about these
! claims of Maine and Massachusetts is this: the
- Government paid Massachusetts $150,000, and
; Maine $150,000, for agreeing to the stipulations
] and provisions of the tieaty of 1842; and this
: Government has heretofore settled and paid the
| claims of Maine for the troops she called out to
j defend the boundary when it was in dispute. The
'claim lefetif-d to by my colleague, [\lr. Mat-
i nard,] and reported, I behave, by him, is to pay
• certain individuals for lands which they held
I under Massachusetts, or claim to have held. The
i treaty provided that lands in that disputed terri-
j tory, upon whichever side of the line they might
| happen to fall, should be held by the occupants
i m possession, provided the possession had been
j held for six years. Then, sir, there are somcof
' the lands on this side the line that are now m the
State of Maine
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 would say to
the gentleman that this claim has nothing what-
ever to do with lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But that is the
claim which I understand my colleague reported
heie from the Committee of Claims; and I can-
not see why it is that, after this Government has
paid Maine and Massachusetts $300,000, fifteen
op sixteen years after we are to pay for all the
lands which have vested under the treaty in those
who wore holding them under the titles they had
from their respective Governments while they
were in this disputed temtoiy. Nor can I con-
ceive why it is that this Governmeut should again
be requited to settle the claims of Maine for her
troops, called out to defend what she supposed to
be her boundan7 while it was m dispute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, obtained the
iloor.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from Maine
will permit me, I will say that the claim which
was referred to the Committee of Claims and re-
ported on, was an individual claim, and one With
which neither Maine nor Massa- husetts had any-
, ana
the matter now under consideration. 1 have not
time now to explain it.
