1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That was not a
pension.
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman again says that
was not a pension. Weli, I suppose, as I have
been wasting time already, I had better waste a
little more upon the gentleman's question. It is
true, it was not a pension; but it was that kind
of security against the ills which threaten the sol-
dier, and against which this pension law is in-
tended to provide.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to say a word just there ?
Mr. SAVAGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not desire it
to be understood that I am even opposed to the
bill; but I only threw out those remarks with a
view to eschew the idea that an American citizcn
is incapable of patriotism and of doing brave
deeds, except as stimulated by that mercenary
consideration which is found in the pension laws.
I say American citizens will defend their liberties,
because they desire to preserve them.
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman has the utmost
liberty, and my consent, to entertain his own opin-
ions in reference to this subject, and to publish
them to the country. I hold to my own.
Mr. Chairman, my argument has been a good
deal broken in upon, and I must hasten on. I
maintain that either a pension roll or a standing
army is an absolute necessity. As to the remark
of the gentlman from Virginia, I maintain that
American citizens are like the citizens of all other
countries. They have their pride; but while they
are, perhaps, more patriotic than the citizens of
other countries, still they are desirous, like all
others, of suitable rewards for their services,
whether the reward comes in the shape of a pen-
sion or in the shape of honors and dignity. But
I take it that no reward is so acceptable to the
American heart as that which I propose to give,
and that is that the old soldier who has served his
country shall be secured from want in his declin-
ing years, and have his pathway to the grave
smoothed.
Sir, to be thus secured from poverty and want
is one of the dearest hopes and wishes of the hu-
man heart; and there is nothing mercenary in it.
It is not from mercenary motives that these old
soldiers seek this provision. They want their
children, and their children's children, to know
that they were placed upon the pension roll for the
patriotic services they had rendered their country.
They want to be able to tell their sons anil grand-
sons to rally around the standard of their coun-
try in the hour of danger; and that if they are
crippled, their country will take care of them, and
secure them a comfortable passage to the grave.
We should thus build up a military force. I do
not mean castles, forts, ships of war, or standing
armies; but that formation of habits and charac-
ter that makes each citizen a warrior, devoted in
heart and soul to bis country, willing and able to
use arms in its defense. And, 1 tell you, when
'you have done that, you wjll have surrounded
yoursplves with a living wall, that will protect
you against the foreign foe, and against the tyrant
who may seek to subvert your Government and
destroy your liberties. Sir, every man knows
that these dangers are around us, and may at
any time come upon us. You need but look
back to the Army of the Revolution. Where is
the man who does not know that the gallant and
glorious band who had coveied themselves with
honor, and had given liberty to a continent, would,
if they had been able to carry out their will, have
placed a crown upon the head of their immortal
chieftain, whose moderation and justice forbid it?
Why, sir, even after that petty, petty war with
Mexico, which was but as a ripple upon the wave,
or as a drop in the ocean, General Taylor was
elected President solely on account of his mili-
tary achievements; and we witnessed the degrad-
ing spectacle at that time of four or five ambitious ;
generals, who had served in that war, struggling
for the Presidency of this Republic, as if the na-
tion had been their inheritance. Sir, every drop
of blood in my veins rebelled against it. I thought
that it was a disgrace to our common country,
and deserved a severe rebuke. Sir, let another
war come, not like the war with Mexico, but one
which will stir the nation to its foundation; one
that will require that a large force shall be in the
field to defend our country; one marked by great
victories and disasters, and bringing forth a great
and ambitious commander—and depend upon it
your Army would give him a crown and scepter,
in spite of your Constitution.
Passing from these topics, T propose now, as
my time is rapidly passing away, to notice some
of the objections which are urged against the pas-
sage of this bill.
One objection urged against this bill is that it
will create an enormous debt; and men have run
themselves wild at the idea that the Government
is going to be bankrupt. Why, sir, that is not a
fact, and I wish to take this opportunity of dis-
pelling the delusion. In relation to this pension
bill for the benefit of old soldiers, I have only to
breathe the prayer of Ajax, when in pursuit of
Hector, which, if I remember it, runs thus:
u Lord of eaith and air!
Oh,King! oh, Father! hear my humble prayer:
Dispel this cloud, tho tight of heaven restore,
Give me. to see, and Ajax a ks no moie.
If Greece must perish, we Thy will obey;
But let us perish in the face of day.
If this cause is to go down, all I have to ask is
that it may have a fair hearing; and that it may-
be understood, I have thought it my duty to pre-
sent my views to the House, and to dispel some
of the objections which have been urged for the
purpose of destroying the bill. It is paid that
this bill -will drain from the Treasury $25,000,000
annually, and all the incumbents in office have
been frightened by its magnitude. It has been
said that even members of Congress could not
get their pay after the passage of this bill; that
it would sweep everything.
Now, I have endeavored to inform myself as
well as I could from the reports of former Con-
gresses, and from all the authorities to which I
have been able to obtain access, for the purpose
of ascertaining, as far as possible, how many
would be embiaced within the provisions of this
bill. There were, all told, 471,000 soldiers em-
ployed in the war of 1812, and of this number
there were J {>8,932 who served three months, and
would be entitled, if living, to the benefit of the
provisions of this bill. I submit the following
table, showing the number of men furnished by
each State, and the time of service:
Total. lJn"rrif,
three months.
New Hampshire  5,055 897
Massachusetts 46,539 3,110
KIkmIo Island    910 637
Connecticut 10,103 3t>7
Veimonr  5,236 I'M
New York 77.976 38,63.3
T<'nnr^st-(; 27.873 24,858
Viiifinia 91.881 39.017
Nouh Carolina 14,137 4.573
South Cdiohna 11.^3 5,096
Georgia 11,457 9,556
Kentucky 5,239 9,5(H
MiSM^ippi   
Michigan  6,355 3,Q55
Ohio 21,703 9,338
Mis-oun 
"Louisiana  9,786 S,9-"28
Illinois  25367 861
Indiana  3,380 583
District of Columbia 4,547 2,451
Ranger  - 2,995
Now, it is important, in order to ascertain how
many are living, to establish some sensible rule to
enable us to come to some conclusion, as far as
human reason will enable us. To arrive at such
a rul^, I have availed myself not only of my own
calculations, but of those of two distinguished cit-
izens whose opinions are entitled to as much con-
sideration as those of any men living. 1 refer to
Professor Tucker, of Philadelphia, and Mr. De
How, late superintendent of the census, and ed-
itor of the Southern Review. I have statements
from each of these gentlemen, which I will read
to the House:
Philadelphia, April'.). 1858.
Dear Sir: To answer your inquiries, reciwd yester-
day, with scientific accuracy, would retjuut' tune and labor,
i have, thcrfjiore, contented myself wnh an appioxinwmon
winch will tully an&vvct vom purpose,and the lather as the
probabilities oi life with the chus of men in question are
probabJv le&s than the aveinge of the population generally,
and for "estimating the difference, we have no lehable data :
Of the ICO.OtJO men enlisted in 1812,
One thud. between Jo and 25 years of age, is 53,333
One half " 25 and 40 " u " *-0.000
The residue, or one sixth   26.667
100,000
Of the above 53,333 there are probably living in 1858, 12.500
« " « 80,000 « '< " " " 4,100
" " " 23,667 « " " " " 925
Total     17,825
The above estimate is substantially conformable to the
English tables as well as to ouis, and is consequently more
likely to be over than under the real number.
I am very truly yours, GEORGE TUCKER,
J. D. B. De Bow, Esq., Washington.
Philadelphia,' -April 10, 1858.
Dear Sir : On revising my estimate, after I sent off my
letter to you yesterday, I discovered a great error as to the
oldest portion of the enlistments of 1812. The number of
these suivivors, instead of being nine hundred and twenty-
five should he three hundred and twentv-flve.
Respectfully yours, GEORGE TUCKER.
J. D. B. De Bow, Esq., Washington.
Washington, D. C., April 8, 1858,
My Dear Sir : Being on the eve of leaving the city for
the South, I cannot make the calculations necessary to an-
swer your question accurately-
If one hundred and sixty thousand soldiers were enlisted
for thiee months during the war of 181x1—1 S15,1 do not think,
having reference to their habits, dangers, age, &e., that
more than twenty thousand cau now be surviving, if so
many.
Your obedient servant, J. D, B. DE BOW.
Hon. Mr. Savage.
April 10.—Sincc writing the above, I have obtained the
opinion of Professor Tucker, the distinguished American
statistician, winch corresponds with my own, and which I
now tiansinit. Yours, J. D.
The ages supposed by Professor Tucker were suggested
by myself.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Do I understand
the benefits of this act also to apply to widows?
Mr. SAVAGE. Yes, sir. I will'leave the gen-
tleman to make his own calculations as to the
longevity of women, which, no doubt, he is able
to do. I have not taken the opinions of these gen-
tlemen upon that subject.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my friend
allow me to ask him if he has any computation
showing what number of these soldiers have been
engaged in active service?
Mr. SAVAGE. I have not. That is another
item upon which gentlemen can make their own
calculations, and I presume will, in the course of
the argument upon this bill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man inform me further why he has not included
ail classes of soldiers? Why does he designate
those who have been in the service three months
and those who have been engaged in active bat-
tles? Is not the second class embraced in the
first?
Mr. SAVAGE. In the first class I have em-
braced all who have been in the service three
months; but where a soldier, for any reason, has
been more diligent or more fortunate than others,
if he has been engaged in an actual battle, he is
included, though he may not have been in the ser-
vice lor more than a day.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me for a
moment? I think there is a misprint in this bill.
I sue that it provides only for the war of 1812. I
suppose the gentleman intended also to have in-
cluded those engaged in the Florida war.
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman from Alabama
knew very well I did not.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman has not made
such a provision, I will take the proper opportu-
nity to present such a proposition.
Mr. SAVAGE. I would certainly rather the
gentleman would have taken the proper occasion
to advocate his proposition rather than the pres-
ent; for he knew very well that I did not in ton d
to includo the soldiers of the Florida war. I un-
derstand this mode of argument. I hope the gen-
|j tleman will make his speech upon this proposi-
!j tion, and I shall be prepared to answer it.
' j Now, taking the calculations of Professor Tuck-
i er and Mr. De Bow to be correct, and that the
| number 17,325 is, in all probability, about the
: number of the survivors of the soldiers of 1812,
| I multiply it by §96, and find the cost to be
$1,032,000, which is near five hundred thousand
dollars less than the sum called for by the War
Department as a deficiency in the transportation
| account of the present Army. But there were
j other items besides this, making the whole defi-
| ciency over six millions. How gentlemen who
, vote these supplies can be so much alarmed by
| this bill, I am somewhat at a loss to understand,
i I,on my part, advocate the pension listasamatter
j of economy m connection with other considera-
tions,and to avoid the necessity of ever hereafter
i increasing the number of our regular establish-
\ ment. Computing the number of widows as
equal to the number of men now living, you have
about the sum of three millions as the annual
