658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
in that instance, the criminals went unwhipped
of justice. It is the experience of every one who
has had any acquaintance with these matters, that
the law is not enforced*, that in a large majority
of instances investigations are not undertaken,
and that when they are, they are ineffectual; be-
cause there is no individual, cxcept the public
officer, to conduct the investigation. There is the
stimulus of interest upon the part of the owners
of the boats; the stimulus of interestupon the part j
of the officers whose criminal negligence might j
have led to the catastrophe, to prevent an investi-
gation; or, when undertaken, to prevent its being
made effectual; while, on the other hand, there
is nothing but official duty to encounter those
efforts prompted by the most powerful motives
that can operate on the human mind.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am persuaded that no
matter how proper may be the provisions of law
adopted in relation to the building of steamboats;
no matter how proper are the provisions of law
in regard to the construction of machinery, and
the adoption of safeguards to prevent accidents;
in regard to the provision of means of escape, and
to preserve life when these accidents do occur; no
matter how violent and extreme the penalties that
may be pronounced upon individuals for want of
care and for inattention; they never will be en-
forced, and the safety of individuals will never be
secured, until we travel oat of the beaten track,
and invoke some new principle; unless we intro-
duce into our legislation some new feature. It is
the object of the amendment which I have had the
honor to submit, to invoke and put into action that
new principle.
I will now proceed to display to the House, as
briefly as possible, the features of this proposed
change of policy. I have said that the laws are
not now enforced because all the pecuniary inter-
ests are arrayed, either in preventing investiga-
tions, or, when they are undertaken, m defeating
them; that they are notenfor'ced because the bur-
den of proof in relation to the misdeeds of those
in charge of the engines, those in charge of the
boats as pilots or as captains, is thrown upon the
prosecution. They arc -not punished, because
they always have the advantage of those princi-
ples of law which make it the duty of criminal
courts, when there is room for doubt, to excuse
the one accused of crime.
Now, the object of our legislation on this sub-
ject is not to punish crime. The object is simply
to secure passengers on board of steamships, so
far as human care can do it, from the effect of ac-
cidents fatal to life, in order that that may be
effected, the national Legislature interferes for the
purpose of saying what shall be the construction
of vessels, what shall be the particular plan of the
machinery, \vhat shall be the safeguards against
the explosion of boilers; and it also interferes for
the purpose of saying to the engineers, the pilots,
the masters of vessels, that they shall exercise
every care that man is capable of exercising to
insure the safety of those who are placed under
their charge.
Now, sir, the bill which I present proposes to
bring into play the pecuniary interests ot men; to
make those interests agents in enforcing the law;
to array m support of the law the strongest motives
which can operate upon the human mind. That
hs attempted to be accomplished by two classes of
provisions. One provision, contained in the first
section of that act, proposes to declare that no
insurance shall be effected upon the hull of any
steamboat carrying passengers, or upon the freight
to be earned by that steamboat, unless the owner
has complied with the requisitions of the law m
relation to its construction, its machinery, and
equipments. That is, it is intended to meike it the
interest of the owner to comply with the law; be-
cause, if he fails to do so, he necessarily incurs
the loss of his property if it be destroyed by an j
accident; for the section goes on further, and pro-
vides that if a policy of insurance bo taken out
upon the body of the vessel, or upon the freight
to be earned by it, m behalf of the owner,*or for
his benefit; that if it shall turn out that at the time
of leaving port, when the voyage began, the law
had not been complied with in relation to the con-
struction of the boat, its machinery, and equip-
ments, designed for the safety and preservation of
passengers, then, in the event of accident, if the
vessel be lost, and the fact is shown in a court of
justice, any such policy of insurance shall be ab-
solutely null and void, and give no right of action
to the owner or any one in his behalf, or for his
benefit.
And, Mr. Speaker, the provisions of this sec-
tion are right. They arc founded upon this prin-
ciple: that when the law commands that certain
things shall be done in the public interest—that
certain things shall be done for the security of the
life of the citizen—if a man whose duty it is to
obey that command fails to do so, the law will
not extend to him its aid to enable him to repair
the loss he may have incurred whilst violating the
law. I conceive there is rfo man who will not admit
that that is a sound and proper principle. And
what will he its effect? It will have the effect of
arraying the interests of the whole mass of un-
derwriters in aid of the enforcement of the pro-
visions of law, adopted for the purpose of securing
human life, for the purpose of preventing those
terrible catastrophes that again and again, and
every day, afflict this community. Why, sir,
since these very bills have been reported to the
House, there have been many accidents of this
character, some from collisions, three from fire,
in which there has been a loss of nearly a hun-
dred souls, and three or four from explosions of
steamboat boilers. I conceive that it is eminently
proper and right that human interests should be
invoked at\d called into play for the purpose of
protecting human life, and that it is not only the
right of Congress, but that it is the duty of Con-
gress, to make use of every means for the purpose
of preventing the recurrence of these accidents—
accidents that shock the public mind, and fill
homes throughout the length and breadth of this
land every week and every day with mourning.
But, sir, there are other provisions in this bill.
This to which I have referred relates to the own-
ers of the vessels. It visits them, if they disobey
the law, with no personal penalty, no imprison-
ment; but it visits them with one single penalty;
and that is, that the aid of the law is refused to
them to enable them to repair their losses grow-
ing out of the destruction of the property with
respect to which they had not obeyed the law.
There arc other provisions that relate to the of-
ficers of boats. It is well known to this House
that the various acts which have been passed upon
this subject have regarded want of care, lack of
attention, and misconduct on the part of the cap-
tains of vessels, of the pilots of vessels, and of
the engineers of vessels of this description, as of
so heinous a character, that in the event of there
being an accident by which loss of life was occa-
j sioned, those individuals who have failed to make
j use of the proper care, who have been guilty of
I inattention or of misconduct, are pronounced by
law to be guilty of the crime of manslaughter,*and
they are subjected to the punishment of man-
slaughter upon conviction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is not the object of hu-
man laws to inflict a penalty. Legislators do not
act from a spirit of vindictiveness. They only
j inflict penalties for the purpose of preventing the
ci ime. In this instance, the penalty is inflicted—
orratheris pronounced, for practically ithas never
yet been inflicted; it is pronounced with a view
to prevent inattention, negligence, or want of care;
but all know that it has been pronounced in vain;
that the law is not enforced; that its provisions are
ineffectual; that there are scarcely ever any investi-
gations into questions of this character; and that
j when there are, they are lamentably unsuccessful.
Now, sir, my situation has made me acquainted
with an occurrence, within the last two or three
months, which illustrates, in a degree as remark-
able as it is possible to imagine, this fact. On
i the coast of Louisiana, upon the route between
' the port of New Orleans and the port of Galves-
i ton, in Texas, which is one of the great routes of
! travel, one on which steamers are running every
day, carrying great numbers of passengers, an
accident of the most frightful character occurred,
in which there is no man living that will not say
there was the grossest want of care, the grossest
! negligence, the most shameful misconduct on the
' part of the officers of the two boats. There were
i two boats, belonging to the same line, one the
! steamer Galveston, the other the steamer Opelou-
j sas; one was coming from the port of Galveston,
' bound to Berwick's bay, the terminus of the rail-
j road connecting with New Orleans; the other had
, left Berwick's bay, and was bound for Galveston.
On a starlight night, when it was as clear for the
purpose of navigation as at noon-day, those two
boats, belonging to the same line, running in op-
posite directions, came in collision. One went
down, and numbers of men, women, and children,
sunk m a watery grave. Prosecutions were, for
a wonder, instituted; and what was the icsult?
Criminal after criminal—perhaps I am wrong m
saying criminal after criminal—but accused after
accused was arraigned and tried * and one afier
another all were acquitted.
Now, sir, under a state of law which leads to
such results, when we find that penalties are not
irslicted under provisions of law adopted with i\
view of securing a great public benefit, and car-
rying out a proper public policy; when it is ob-
vious to all that the laws have been violated with
impunity, that they have not secured the object
aimed at, it is to my mind clear that it is neces-
sary to take another step and attempt to find a
remedy for the evil—a means of carrying out the
policy—by introducing some new principle, some
new feature, into the law.
Mr. Speaker, it is a principle in the commercial
law, that when the common carrier receives on
board Ins vessel, and grants his bill of lading for
goods, wares, and merchandise, he is responsible
for the delivery of that merchandise in the same
condition in which it was delivered; and that, m
the event of his failure so to deliver it, he is not
to be excused from the responsibility he has as-
sumed, unless this failure has been caused by the
act of God or the public enemy; and the buidcn
of proof is with him to show that he has used all
possible care, and that he has exercised every pos-
sible diligence for the purpose of carrying wlu\t
was intrusted to him in safety.
But, sir, that principle has not yet been invoked
for the protection and safety of human life. This
bill, however, proposes to invoke that principle
which has been recognized for centuries, and been
in operation with respect to goods, wares, and
merchandise; it proposes to invoke it, and put it
in action for the protection of human life. Now,
sir, when men engage in carrying passengers,
they contract as common carriers, just as when
they engage in carrying goods. They contract
and bind themselves to use every possible care—
to leave no human means unused to carry safely
the passengeis whose lives are intrusted to their
custody. If they fail flow, they are not punished,
because they are to be visited with a pecuniary
penalty, or with imprisonment. They are to be
tried by juries, and they come under the principle
of ciiminal law which requires that if there be
doubt, they are to have the benefit of that doubt.
But, sir, that is in direct opposition to the prin-
ciple of commercial law witn respect to carrying
goods. Under that, the person who has failed to
carry the goods intrusted to his charge is obliged
to purge himself from delinquency by positive
proof; he must show that some overpowering
force—the act of God or of the public enemy—has
prevented him from carrying out his contract to
the letter.
The other provisions of this bill are framed for
the purpose of making that principle apply with
respect to the persons engaged in carrying pas-
sengers, and who have an actual trust to discharge
in regard to them. It proposes that whim an en-
gineer has been in charge of an engine upon a
steamboat, and an explosion hasoccuried which
results m the loss of human life; or when a pilot#
has had charge of a boat and a collision has oc-
curred with another boat, resulting in the loss of
human life, either upon the boat which he has in
charge, or upon the boat with which his boat has
come in collision; or if a master be in charge when
a fire occurs which leads to the loss of human life
—m any of these instances no owner of a steam-
boat, and no person engaged in carrying passen-
gers, shall be permitted to employ that individual,
until he has beentriedformanslaughterand a jury
has not only exculpated him from the criminal
charge, but made a report in writing that he is free
from censure—that he has not been guilty of neg-
ligence, inattention, or misconduct.
"it^oes no further than that. It proposes that
instead of leaving the enforcement of the law in
relation to the exercise of care, to the uncertain
action of public tribunals, to make it the absolute
interest of persons who are engaged in these walks
of life to have an investigation, because their oc-
cupation is gone until there has been one. And
then it proposes that they shall not be permitted
