2768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7.
■ Mr. JONES,  f Tennessee. I supposed it was
different from this one.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In reply to
what the gentleman from Tennessee has said in
reference to the  300,000 paid to Maine and Mas-
sachuseits, I will observe that about three million
acresof land belonging to those States were ceded
to Great Britain by the treaty of Washington.
The States of Maine and Massachusetts were
very reluctant to yield their assent to that treaty, '
but it was represented to their commissioners t
here that great public considerations demanded
its ratification; that the advantage of the country :
would be largely promoted by it; that the line on
our whole boundary was to be traced and fixed; i
that Rouse's Point, which was in dispute, was to ]
be given to the United States,and a considerable
strip gained along the whole line west of Maine;
that other important disturbing questions were to
be settied and peace secured; and Maine and Mas-
sachusetts were asked and mtreated not to inter-
pose and defeat a treaty which all the country
else were in favor of In a spirit,of true patriot-
ism she yielded to these urgent solicitations,and
consented to give up a territory half as large as
the State of Massachusetts, to which Congress
had resolved again and again that her title was
" clear and indisputable;!,and for yielding it, she
was to be paid—what? W hat the land was worth >
No, not one dollar in ten—$300,000 for what was
worth-moie than p3,0i)l),OOU( and the Government
agreed besides to pay her expenses for defending
the territory., of which this amendment provides
for a part. And now the gentleman fiom Tennes-
see is higgling about it! Sir, if this is the way
Maine is to he now treated, there are, perhaps,
not a few of her citizens who would be disposed
to ask whether it would not have been beUer if
the whole State of Maine had been given over to
Great Britain, or some country not unwilling to
act upon the plainest principles of common hon-
esty and justice? [Laughter.]
Mr. JO'NES, of Tennessee. I just wish to state
that every man of those troops called out by
Maine to defend that territory, which they said
was in dispute, has received one hundred and
sixty acres of bounty land from this Government.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the Sell-
ate amendment. !
Mr PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Nichols and
Buffinton were apponiLed.
The committee divided: and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 5G.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
For (letiaynij; tile (wp''iw nl'eariying into c\ccutioii the
joint rpsoluiion. nppinved May II. iboti, "■ mitliotr.uit-
itbie acknowledgment;, to be made by ilie I1! evident, to the
Uun.-li naval aiirhoi ilk--, ill Jamaica.fm t lie relief extended
lo the officer^ and ciew of the Wailed t^ute* ship Sihciuo-
hamia. diMiblnl hy yellow tcvei," $3,0.10, ormuch ihcie-
ot' a? may be nec«st-ai\ .
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence ,
in that amendment. '
The amendment was concurred in. !
Thirty-fourth amendment:
For the payment of throe companies of volunteers called
into the seiviee 01 the United >^t;Ue«.. in in 1856,
hy the oiflcr of The Governor ot that Terriioty. .ijS.fiHS 15.
Mr. J. GLAWY JONES. The Committee
of Ways nnd Menus recommend a non-concur-
rence in (ins amendment, for (he leason that the
facts were presented to u* nt so late a period in
thesession we were unable to examine them wnh
much care; and, not having sufficient vouchers to
show the authority for calling out those volun-
teers, we have thought the amendment had better
be nan-concurred in.
The amendment was non-coneuired m.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
j.\,r contingent exor-n-es of the Territoiv, to wit:
For mi>eellaneou- item-, 6.",5i>0.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and -Vicuna recommend a non-concur-
rence m that amendment, tor the reason that we
do not know what these miscellaneous items are
made up of. Theie ueie no estimates before us,
and I hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment wad non-concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
To John B. Miuty, for compensation as acting secretary
V
of the Territory of Nebraska during the vacancy created by
the death of T. B. Cummmgs, §316 35.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence^in
this amendment. The acting Governor of Ne-
braska died, and this is for compensation to the
Secretary, who acted during the interim until an-
other Governor was appointed.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
For contingent expenses of the Territory of Kansas,
$9,003 75, to be distributed under the direction of the See-
ntary of State, upon the production of sati&lactory vouch-
er. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
m this amendment. The items making up this
appropriation have never been presented to the
Committee of Ways and Means. What the Sen-
ate based the appropriation upon we do not know.
It reaches us at a very late hour; it is a pretty
large sum of money; Kansas has been in a very
disturbed state; and they recommend a non-con-
currencc in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Thirty-eighth amendment:
For making the survey5! of the confirmed private land
clann^in California, the Purveyor general is hereby author-
ized to pay such *uin ds he may deem leasonable, aeeord-
i nig to the eircum-tanees connected vvitii each ease, not
I exceeding at the inteof twentv five dollars for each mile of
' the boundaiy lines of any elaim, and al-o /or Mich lines as
[ mav nece>sauly be urn aiwi maik^-dor measured in oidei to
1 connect the lilies ol such claim with tho^e of the adjacent
! public jsuiveys: Prowled, That the surveyor or surveyors
j herealter executing any such survey of a pnvate claim.f-hall
accompany hi  or tin ir K'tui n ofs>uch sut vev with hirf affida-
vit that no compensation ha< been received by 111 in, directly
or indirectly, or agreed to be paid to or received by hun lor
the f-ame fiom any quarter other than the Government of the
United titates Proi That it shall be the dut\ o( thenar
veyoi eene> al ol Caliioinia to award each conn act to execute
such Miivev- to the lowest le-ponsible bidder, he hems a
i practical jstirvejor, atter leasouabli: notice, to he published
in two newspapers of the laigest cneuUtion in the State ol
Calitoi ma.
Mr. J. GLANCY .TONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concur!cure
in this amendment. There is a law providing for
the surveys of the public lands m California, at
sixteen dollars per mile. This amendment pro-
vides that these lands shall be surveyed at a sum
not exceeding twenty five dollars per mile. The
Committee of Ways and Means do not think, in
the fu st place, Mint this is a proper mode of alter-
ing the law. They believe it to he wrong; and,
as no reason has been presented to satisfy us that
this amendment ought to prevail, we recommend
a non-concurrence.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend hy inserting
twenty-six instead of twenty-five dollars per mile.
This, sir, is i he mutter winch the gentleman from i
Texas [Mr. Reagan] very unexpectedly called
up during the general discussion on this bill. I
then briefly and hastily replied to lus remarks
against the amendment of tile Senate. The gen-
tleman seemed to take time by the forelock. He
did not wait until the amendment was reported to
the committee, for fear, 1 suppose, that he might
not have sufficient time under the five-minutes de-
During these remarks
bate to express his views
it pleased him to state that if the amendment was
adopted by the House it would be pioductive
of fraud, corruption, and venality. I did not
know, and I am still at a loss to know, on what
i ground the gentleman has arrived at that conclu-
sion. Now, sir, that amendment has been read;
and as it has become familiar to the House I will
say that it is a special law under which there is
no liberty, no range given for corruption. And,
sir, while I advocate the adoption of that amend-
ment—which 1 shall do in as brief a manner as
possible—I Jvitl state, as a reason why the price
of these surveys should be fixed at twenty-five dol-
lars a mile, that it is twice as difficult, twice as la-
borious, and will consume twice as much time to
survey the private land claims of California as it
will to survey the public domain. Underthe law |
of 3853—tlie law to which the chairman of the I
Committee of Ways and Means referred—the j
price of surveying the public domain m Califor- I
ma is fixed at sixteen dollars per mile. Now, sir, j
you will find there is an increase of only one third
instead of double the increase which we should
have had, in consideration of more than double
the labor and more than double the time being
consumed in surveying privare lands.
But, sir, I wish to call attention to the fact that
this is not merely an appropriation which is tem-
porary and evanescent in its character, only last-
ing for a year or eighteen months; but that it is
one in which interests great and vital are involved.
There is no State in the Confederacy which pre-
sents the spectacle that California does, so far as
her private land claims are concerned. Our litiga-
tions are expensive and ruinous, passing through
all the courts of California—first, the land com-
mission; second, the Uniied States circuit and
district courts; and then, by appeal here, through
the Supreme Court of the United States—and still
the claimant gets no title until the patent is issued
by the Government. Now, this is an effort to get
these claims surveyed, and patents issued; and in
doing that, you do not only justice to the land
claimants, but you benefit fifteen or twenty thou-
sand honest settlers, who have gone to that State
and settied down. 1 apprehend that if you refuse
this appropriation, and put in another sum totally
inadequate, you will throw all these matters in
regard to the land claims in my State into confu-
sion, and increase this litigation, which is the
curse and evil of my State, because the bounda-
ries of these claims are not defined, so that parlies
litigant do not and cannot know their respective
rights.
You cannot charge corruption, because of the
simple fact that the surveyor general gives tlie
work out to the lowest responsible bidder. The
appropriation is made for certain specific pur-
poses, and he has no more control over the distri-
bution of it than the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Reagan] has. Then theie is nothing m this
charge of corruption, fraud, and venality, which
the gentleman from Texas makes. If the surveyor
general can get his work done cheaper than the
amount contemplated in this amendment, it is his
duty to do so; but it only puts it within his power
to do justice to twenty thousand honest men, by
settlingclaims long in litigation, by enabling them
to purchase from these land claimants when their
titles are clearly established and their boundaries
fully defined. Not only that, but it enables the
Government to bring its lands into market, free
from all incumbrances, which must necessarily
be done before the Government can realize from
them.
Mr. KELSEY. I understand the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to say that
one reason why the committee recommends a dis-
agreement is, that the law already fixes the price
of these surveys at fifteen dollars a mile.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. For the public
lands.
Mr. KELSEY. Itseems to me that if we make
the appropriation bill conform to the law, it is all
we can desire. I therefore move to strike out
" twenty-five dollais," and insert ''fifteen dol-
lars."
The CHAIRMAN. There isalreadyanamend-
ment pending.
Mr. SCOTT. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr REAGAN. I move to reduce the amount
to sixteen dollars per mile. In the other States
of the Union where land titles are litigated, it is
usual for persons litigating the title to pay the cost
of ascertaining their boundaries; but 1 understand
that where there are litigations of private land
claims in California, the Government has under-
taken to have them surveyed at the Government's
expense But that matter I will not discuss now.
What I want to say is, that 1 do not see how ail
increased price paid for surveying the land is to
influence the title of those claiming under pnvate
grants. I should suppose that sixteen dollars per
mile would at least be sufficient to secure a survey.
That, I understand, they aie entitled to underthe
law as it now stands, and therefore all that is neces-
sary, is to vote down this Senate amendment, and
then they will be left to the operation of existing
law. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 move to increase the
amount one dollar. I desire to remark that there
is a manifest difference in surveying public lands
and private land claims. The public lands are
first surveyed, and in their survey they are bound-
ed by straight lines, and the subdivisions are
made in the same manner. It frequently occurs
that in surveying private land claims, you have
six, eight, or ten corners, made in conformity to
t ne grants made by the Mexican Government be-
fore ihe lands became the property of the United
States. In doing that it becomes necessary that
