1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
650
to go on and continue their occupation or busi-
ness in life until ajury of their fellow-men shall
have said that " in relation to this calamity, your
skiits are clear; your hands are clean."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the other portions of this
bill presented by me are designed merely to carry
out that principle- They contain provisions for
a report of these accidents. They contain provis-
ions making it necessary that the names of all
officers occupying these responsible positions shall
be communicated to the proper custom-house offi-
cer before their departure on a voyage; and it
provides for a communication to all the custom-
houses of all this information as to the names
of all those officers who sailed on board boats or
vessels, and this information as to the persons
who were in charge when the accidents occurred,
making them matters of record in all the custom-
houses, where they may be referred to by ship-
owners, by steamboat owners, and by insurance
offices.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I feel that I am suffering
from the exertion I have made, and I shall there-
fore not continue my remarks. But I will say
this: if it be the design of this House to make ef-
fectual provisions against the recurrence of these
accidents; if it is their serious design to put an end
to these terrible calamities; if they wish to put
a termination to these perpetual occasions of pub-
lic and private mourning-, they must depart from
the beaten track, and add to our laws these or
some other provisions, based upon a principle
which they recognize, and which it is their object
to invoke. They must call into play human in-
terest for the purpose of neutralizing the improper
action of human interest. If they wish to give
safety upon all the means of public travel, they
must make it the interest of the engineer, the pilot,
and the captain in chargc, to put in action that
care which they contract to employ for the safety
of those persons whose lives are intrusted to their
charge.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Committee
on Commerce has devoted much time and atten-
tion to this bill 
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. If the gentleman
from New York will allow me for a moment longer.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Groesbeck] asks what
1 propose to do to enforce that principle ? I forgot
to mention to the House, that one section of the
bill, the third, provides that if the owner of any
vessel should knowingly employ a person in vio-
lation of the prohibition m question, and the vessel
on which he was employed was lost, that in that
eventany policy of insurance 011 the vessel should
be absolutely null and void, and give no right of
action. So that it would be made the interest of
ship-owneis to enforce this prohibition against the
officers of vessels zn charge, when accidents oc-
curred occasioning loss of life, just as the other
provisions of the bill make it the interest of the
underwriters to enforce the various requirements
of law against the owners.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, the
Committee on Commerce summoned before them
proficients and experts in steamboatingand skilled
m the art of engineering, and who were familiar
with the practices of navigation. To the utmost
extent of their ability ttoey have been careful to
reconcile all interests with a steady eye to those
of humanity as the paramount inteiests to be pro-
tected. Their wish has been to present such a
bill as the country can rely upon in perfectsafety,
and such a bill as, by its provisions, will accom-
modate itself to the commerce of the country.
A Ithough the bill may, in many of its features,
impinge upon particularinterests,yet,in irs whole
scope, we believe that we have presented as ripe
and as efficient a result as probably can be pre-
sented to this House now, or at any other time.
The provisions of this bill resolve themselves
into two great classes: the precautionary and the
remedial—precautionary against the occurrence
of accidents, and remedial against the results of
these accidents when they have occurred. In
respect to the first, there is very little difference
from those of the old bill, except that the precau-
tions are more stringent and rigorous, and that
the means to be employed are those recommended
by the cxpeiience accumulated since the passage
of the last bill; and, indeed, it is mainly m refer-
ence 10 accidents winch have occurred in the in-
terim that the bill has been framed, which it is
now asked may be put on its passage.
In the first place, then, Mr. Speaker, I may be
allowed in a few moments to remark in respect
to the precautionary provisions of the bill. At
section twelve, it is provided that each steamer
I upon the waters of the United States, and upon the
j ocean running between ports of the United States
1 and other ports, shall carry certain lights. I will
; be pardoned, I presume, if I read from the bill
I itself:
j "All such vessels shall exhibit a bright white light, in a
I central position, in their after or main rigging; the said light
■ to be earned at such a height as to be Mien above all sails
1 carried upon the vessel in the night. and when viewed from
I whatever direction. Such vessels shall also cany a bright
, white light on the bowsprit cap, 01 upon one of the head
stays of the vessel, at a height nor exceeding si\ feet fiora
the bowsprit cap, and in all cases it must be so arranged
as to show :\ti unbioken light through an arc of the hoii/.on
of twenty-four points of the compass, viz: from right ahead
to four points abatt the beam on- each side of the ves>el ;
and no sail sshall he t-o s>etor managed as to screen or inter-
fere with these signal lights to show as above described, it
will also he the duty ol all sail vessels, when steamers are
meeting or nearing them, whether by night or day, to con-
tinue, if practicable, upon the course they may be steering
until the steamer shall have passed them; and these pio-
visions being complied with, the duty of avoiding collision
will devolve upon the steamer. When any such sad ves-
sel shall be brought to an anchor in the night season, the
light to be carried in the after or mam ligginti, as above pro
vided, shall be left standing as a warning signal tooiiicr
vessels which may he approaching,&c.
If this shall become a law, there will be com-
parative safety upon our waters during the night;
and we shall not, at least so frequently as here-
tofore, be afflicted with the wail of people descend-
ing to watery graves prepared by these accidents.
1 will now allude to what, indeed, has been
alluded to already by the gentleman from Califor-
nia, and to the fact that compartments in vessels
are required to be constructed, and to the of her
fact in that connection, that if compartments had
existed m the vessels which have been lately lost,
we would not have been called upon to lament the
heart-rending destruction of so many lives.
In section fifteen, there is to be found another
important feature of this bill, which contemplates
the provision of life boats and rafts. It is well for
gentlemen to pay particular attention to this sec-
tion, for upon it depends, I conceive, the very vi-
tality of the bill itself, and on it rests its effective
character.
Section fifteen provides:
"That all passenger steamers shall he provided with good
and sufficient cables, anchors, hawsers, and other cordage;
and all steamer? embraced in the preceding section shall, in
addition, be also furnished with ail necessary carpenters'
tools and materials, storm sails, spare spars, and lumbcrtor
the fonstiiK-tion of raits, in sudi numbei may be certi-
fied to be neeesj-arv by the proper inspector, or inspector ;
together with the life boats loi the pieseivation ol the lives
of the maximum number of p.issengeisto which the steamer
n entitled; and, 111 addition to the buckets required by the
law of the 30th day of August. 1853, they shall be provided
with at leant fifty buckets for steamers not exceeding the
burden of one thou-aud tons, and ten additional buckets fhr
each additional five hundred ton*, burden ; said bucket* to
be constructed of wood or leather, and to be held m reserve
in case of nre or leakage."
If this provision be embraced in any act which
it is proposed to convert into law, there can be
no question that passengers can, in comparative
safety, trust themselves upon the great deep, and
upon our inland waters, in steamers or steam boats.
In section sixteen 1 beg leave to direct the atten-
tion of the House to a provision which I do not
j think perfect, and to which perhaps I may offer
j an amendment:
! " And he it further enacted, That no passenger steamer,
| emhtaeed 111 the fourteenth section of thi- act, shall be per-
! nutted to cairy moie than one peison, exclusive of officers
1 and crew, to every seven ions of lawful tonnage mea.->u)e-
; ment."
j In this connection it is well that the House
i should be advised that while attending to the par-
• amount interests of humanity it is necessary that
j we look also after those which tend towards the
1 invi^oration of commercial enterprise. If by at-
1 tendrng exclusively to the one we shall prostrate
: and destroy the other, why, commerce itself lan-
guishes, and may be destroyed. If we pay such
\ entire regard to the safety of life that commerce
, comes to bo restricted and trammeled, every busi-
: ness communication of the country will be inter-
, rupted, and we will have arrived at that reductio
II ad abswdum in the pursuit of safety, that life, to
, be secure, must be guarded by close confinement,
JNo one will question that the individual who is <jn-
, ca<red is safer and freer from accident than lie who
1 is employed m ordinary pursuits, and so if we re-
, strain commerce upon "the seas by an over-careful
attention to life, we may destroy the business and
trammel the energies of the country, though, in
truth, adding little or nothing to the safety and
preservation of our citizens.
Now, in this connection, an objection has been
taken that the maximum of passengers allowed
will be so reduced that the business of carry-
ing passengers will be unfairly interrupted, "if
not quite destroyed. In this sense, therefore, I
believe that this section is liable to criticism,
and that, when passengers are restricted in num-
ber to one for every seven tons burden, our steam
lines 011 the Pacific will be obliged to be discon-
tinued, and our steam lines to the isthmus and
across the Atlantic may hereafter, very possibly,
be interrupted. I should say that it would be bet-
ter that we should adopt the rule of one passen-
ger to every four tons. There are gentlemen upon
th is floor who represent portions of the great com-
mercial martof the country, who disagreeeven to
that 11 umber, and are of the opinion that a still more
liberal standard should be adopted, so that one
passenger to every three tons may be the legal
measurement applied.
I leave this part of the bill, with these remarks,
considering that while we attend to the interests
and lives of passengers, we should not disregard
those of commercial enterprise. In section four-
teen we find another feature of the bill which I
deem of great importance. The section is as fol-
lows:
"That on all passenger steamers navigating the ocean, on a
route exceeding four hundred miles m total length, in addi-
tion to the pumps required by the act ot the 30th d-iy of Au-
gust, 1&VJ, each compartment shall be furnished and fitted
with two oidmary lifting pumps, each to be oi a capacity
at lea&t equal to six inches diameter and ten inches length of
stroke, arranged 111 a proper manner for being worked by
manual labor upon the main deck. The pump® in each com-
partment shall be mclosed ui n pump well of ."ufiioiein di-
mensions to admit the passage of a man, foi the pui pose of
cleaning and lepairmg them: And it ?s further provided,
That all valves to openings hi the bottom and side* of the
vessel, below deep water-line, with then connections, shall
be inclosed in such manneras toadmit the passage of a per-
son to examine them, and shall be so arranged that they
may be opened and closed fiom a pomt at lea>i six feet
above the top of the lloor ceiling.55
This provision is inserted to guard against the
accidents which frequently occur to engines, and
which, when they occur, arrest the action of the
pumps attached to them. It guards against that
difficulty not only, but it provides the means of
•exhausting the water from the compartments,
when either one of the pumps shall have become
useless, through the remaining pump.
At section twenty, appears a feature in the bill
which it will be well for gentlemen to consider.
I deem it one of themost important, and one which
should recommend the whole bill to the attention
and favor of this House, if there were none other
in it worthy of their regard. It is this:
" And he it further enacted, That every master* or com-
mander of any steamer, embiaced mthe louiteenth section
ot this act, shall, within twelve houi« a'ter leaving port,
cause suitable station bills to be prepared, embracing ail
passengers, officers, servants, and crew, such station bills
to designate the place or station of each and eveiy persou
on boaid. in case of fue and other disaster. And there shall
he at least thre<> copies of such station bills prepared and
posted up in con-pieuous places on boaid such steamer,
for the infoimation of passengers and others ; and for every
failure of the ma*tei to prepare and post up each station
hills, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500."
Now, under this provision, it must be apparent,
that, in cases of the most appalling accident, the
means of preservation are placed at hand and or-
ganized; for every passenger, and every man of
the crew, and every officer, will have found, be-
fore the event, his proper station and position on
board the ship. In such a case, a battalion of
men are then furnished, ready armed with the ne-
cessary instruments of safety, and will ever be at
hand to provide ag-ainst disastrous consequences.
In every such case discipline is required; and
v.iiere discipline exists, panic is repelled. One
"■reat cause of the loss oflifein the disasters which
have occurred has been the panic, the blind fear
of becoming victims to the disaster.
I vould say a few words, Mr. Speaker, in ref-
erence to that which has been broached by the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Tayloii.] His
hill was before the committee; it was considered
and fully discussed. Indeed, it was admitted that
the end the gentleman had in view would be more
certain! j'accomplished by the means he proposed
than perhaps by the means contained in the bill
which has been submitted by the committee to the
House; but, on the other hand, we supposed,
