THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON^ D- c7
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 9, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 174.
all the corners should be traced and defined; that
there should be two separate piats and surveys of
every private survey made and furnished by the
deputy surveyors to the surveyorgeneral, and by
him certified to the office here, that the patent may
issue.
Hence there is a manifest propriety in making1
a diffeience in the price of surveying and dividing
these private land claims from the public domain,
and that paid for surveying the public lands. 1
have seen those private land claims run out into
almost every imaginable irregular form. It is,
therefore, exceedingly difficult to have the lines
piopcrly run, and with that accuracy which will
enable the Government to issue patents properly.
In view of all these facts I think the limit of
twenty-five dollais per mile is not too great. I
think the Government would have done well in
making this a matter of consideration long ago.
I know instances where the returns were made to
thi1 Government thirty years ago, and now they
have to be surveyed over again, on accountof the
inaccuracy of the original surveys. I hope the
amendment, of the Senate will be agreed to.
I think if the Mouse would take up the subject,
and examine the statistics, they would see that
there is a manifest difference between the character
of the surveys of public lands, and the required
subdivision of private land claims from the pub-
1k lands; and the Hous" would not hesitate for
a single moment to make this appropriation. I
wi'hdravv my amendment.
The quest ion was tnken, and the Senate amend-
ment was concluded in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
For htho£5i:iphi?i!5 and eijmavxnu ordeiPd by the Senate
duung tno *er>-jon, the sum of £4o,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
lence in that amendment, for the reason that wo
have no details of the work; and besides, we have
just passed an appropriation for a large amount
of lithographing and engraving.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
For binding documents oideied to be printr d bv the Sen-
ate ituiuig the pie-eat xc.^ion, tin* sum of S4U,U00.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not concurred m.
Forty-first amendment: |
To supply a deficiency in the appropi iations for the legis-
lative ana contincont expense* or Washington Terriroiy for
the lineal year ending June 33, 1837, the ssiim of $7,5U0? or
so much theieof as may he necessity. 1
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend that that amend-
ment be stricken out, and that the following be
inserted as a substitute:
And the register of the land office, and leceiver of public
moneys, m the Teinto:} of NYw ."\I> xico, shall iccoive the
same compensation now allowed by law to the *aiue ota>s
ol othc<M> in Washington Temtory, pi ovidert they fchn.ll le- >
ceive uo tees or commisbions.
The Senate amendment, recommended to be 1
stricken out, seems to have been for expenses
cieated m the Territory of Washington for extra
printing; and instead of its being reported here
when the deficiency bill was pending, and when
we might have had an opportunity to examine us
details, it is put m as an amendment by the Sen-
ate, without any explanation. The Committee of
Ways and Means lecommend the striking out of
this amendment; and, as the only place where the '
substitute would be germane, the v recommend an :
amendment to equalize the salaries of the register ,
and receiver in the Territory of New Mexico, and
put them on the same footing with the like olfi- ,
cers in the Territory of Washington. The object ■
is, to prevent the increase of salaries, m some
cases, from fees and commissions, over and above |
that which the law contemplates, and, at the same 1
time, to put the salary of the same officers at other
places at a proper amount; in other words, it is j
to equalize salaties. The Committee of Ways :
and Means recommend the adoption of the amend-
ment.
Mr.STEYENS,ofWashington. I trust that the
amendment reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means will not prevail. The Senate amend-
ment proposes to appropriate #7,500 for deficien-
cies in the contingent fund of Washington Terri-
tory. Itis recommended by the First Comptroller,
and is also recommended, in distinct and emphatic
terms, by the Secretary of the Treasury. I find,
on looking over the appropriation bills of the iast
six sessions, that $20,000 is the usual amount ap-
propriated for the contingent expenses of the sev-
eral Territories. There are, however, some ex-
ceptions to that. Minnesota, one year, got $30,000,
and, two other years, got <*,26,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The $20,000 ap-
propriated is to pay the salaries of the membeis
of the Council.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Including
printing.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask my
friend from Washington why, if an estimate has
been made out by the Comptroller or Secretary of
the Treasury, it has not been communicated offi-
cially to the Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I understood
that the whole matter was an omission on the part
of the Committee of Ways and Means, mid that
the information was communicated fiom the De-
partment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman is
mistaken in that. It never was sent to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to my knowledge.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 find that,
in the cases of Kansas and Nebraska, a special
appropriation was made for the taking of the cen-
sus; and also, that m the case of Kansas an ap-
propriation was made specially for the expenses
of the temtorial Delegates. In Washington Ter-
ritory, the expenses of the first election were paid
out of this contingent fund. Moreover, at the first
session of the Territorial Legislature, a code of
laws was passed, the excellence of which is shown
by the fact that little or no alterations have been
made in it—the principal alterations having grown
out of an act of Congress.
The session befoie last, we had an extraordi-
nary expenditure in the way of printing. All the
official correspondence growing out of the condi-
tion of war was called for by the Le^islatuie, and
was ordered to be published. This census, this
code of laws, and these extraordinary expendi-
tures exceeded, by double, the amount now called
for. The reason of the requisition coming in late
is, that the work has been only lecently settled
up and audited at the Department.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. On what authority
was that code made 5
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. It was sanc-
tioned by Congiess in the payment of the com-
missioners.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is that to be paid
for out of this appropriation ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. That has
been paid for.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Would not a large
portion of this appropriation go to printing cor-
respondence that arose out of the controversy be-
tween General Wool and the Governor of Wash-
ington Territory 5
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Not at all.
There is some, perhaps one fiftieth part of the
whole correspondence, that consists of letters be-
tween General Wool and myself. The Legisla-
ture called on the Executive for it; and deeming
it necessary to be published, ordered its publica-
tion. This account has been audited and approved 1
by the First Comptroller, and the Secretary of :
the Treasury has transmitted the facts to the Sen- ■
ate Committee on Finance, and, as I understood,
to the Committee of Ways and Means of this ■
House. I trust the amendment of the Senate will
be concurred in.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means way agrei d to. :
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Forty-second amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That section six of the
act passed August 18,1855, entitled '(An act making appio-
prianons for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the veai ending June 30, shall apply to the subsist-
ence of the coimni-Honer therein named from the time he
enteied upon the dNdiaipe of his duties, and the fcame shall
bu jMid out of the appropriation already made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. A commissioner
was provided for under the reciprocity treaty.
He has been paid his full salary. This amend-
ment is to be retroactive, and is to give increased
pay by antedating the time. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Forty-third amendment:
Pec. 4. Jlnd he it furtkci enacted, That, m addition to
those now authonzed by law, there he employed by the
^eeietary of the Treasuiy, in the office of the Register of
the Tieasnty, one additional cletk of the third cla«s, and,
in the office of the Treas-uier of the United States, one ad-
ditional cleik of the thud class; and such sum as may he
necessary to carry into effect the provision of this section,
to the 30th of June, 185^, U heieby appiopnated.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment, with an amendment to strike
j out the words " sach sum as may be necessary,"
: and to insert in lieu thereof'4 $3,200."
The passage of the Treasury-note bill has so
incieased the duties of the Treasury Department,"*
and the creation of the proposed loan'will, if it-be
authonzed, so further increase them, that it is
absolutely necessary to have two additional clerks
in that Department. When the loan bill comes t
up, the Committee of Ways and Means propose
to make a large reduction in the sum appropri-
ated in that bill for the performance of the cleri- % i
cal duties nccessary to the issuing of the bonds. \J
Instead, however,ofappropriatir-g so much money {jr
J may be necessary, the committee propose to
; fix the salaries at the amount allowed to clerks of
a similar class.
Mr. MORGAN. I understood the gentleman
to say that these clerks were necessary, because
of the loan bill. I would like to know if that bill
has passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I only gave the
committee the information that, when that bill
comes up, we propose to reduce the appropriation
for clerical eei vices. I hope the gentleman does
not object to that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to know of the ,
chanman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if the clerks provided for in this amendment are
to be permanent or temporary ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The provision is
temporary in its nature. The occasion which calls
for them is of a temporal y character. They aie
not created by law. Provision is only made for
their salaries for one year; and at the expiration
of that time their services will be discontinued,
unless we make an appropriation to retain them.
Air. BURNETT. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is certainly mistaken.
If I understand the language of this amendment,
it creates two permanent clerkships, and appro-
priates $3,201), which, 1 presume, is for the sala-
ries ol these clerks lor one year. In my judgment,
the committee ought to vote down the amendment,
because those additional clerks are not needed,
nor has the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means given us any reason why they should
be appointed, except the mere fact that, in his
opinion, they are necessary.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to say to
the gentleman fiom Kentucky that I gave a rea-
son that should have some weight with htm; and
that was, that, in the opinion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and of the Senate of the United States,
the additional labor created in that Depaitment
makes this addition to the clerical force indis-
pensably necessary.
174
