2770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman did not state
that in his remarks before; but he said that it was
necessary in his.judgment. I grant that the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Treasury is entitled to
some weight; but f have a right to differ with the
Secretary of the Treasury; and I say that, if you
will go to the Treasury Department, and examine
the character of the labor performed by the em-
ployes of the Government, you will find that there
are twice as many clerks there now as there ought
to be.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that the Secretary of the
Treasury informs me that these clerks are neces-
sary in consequence of the additional labors im-
posed on the Department by the passage of the
Treasury-note bill; and, if the loan now asked
for shall be granted, it will make the service of
these clerks still more necessary. The Secretary
of the Treasury says it is utterly impossible for i
the present clerical force in the Department to j
perform the duties that will be incumbent on that t
Department in the event the loan bill should pass. !
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to gentlemen that j
while I have as high respect for the Secretary of s
the Treasury as any gentleman upon this floor, it j
does seem to me that when he iscompelled to send j
to Congress twicc during one session for a loan, |
one of $20,000,000 and another of $15,000,000, the j
time has come when a little economy should be j
exercised; and where can that be better exercised j
than in transferring useless clerks from one De- |
partment to others where they are needed? There !
is not a gentleman upon this lloor, who has had |
occasion to go to the Departments, but knows that j
there are supernumerary clerks in almost every
Department of the Government in this city. I
shall vote against the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The Senate amendment was not concurred in.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Sec. Jind be it further enacted, That so mucTi of the
act of the 3il of March, J845, making appropriations for the
civil ami diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the. 30th of Juno, IS46,as provides that no pail
of the appropriation for the contingent expenses of etther
lloiifee of Congress shall be applied as payment or compen-
sation to any clerk, messenger, or other attendant, employed
by a resolution of oho of said flours, be, and the same is
hereby, ie pealed, and that Mieh payments as have b.jenheie-
totore made ro persons so employed, altei being appioved
and certified bv the proper eounmtteo ol cither House,shall
be allowed at the Tieasmry.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment
of the Senate has arisen from a misconstruction
or a misunderstanding of the matter which occa-
sioned considerable controversy and debate in this
House.. ( desire to offer, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, a substitute for the Senate
amendment, as follows:
Tli.it it in lieicby d'*claied to have been the true intent and
meaning of che third section of the act entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the apptopnations for the mm vice of
the fneal year ending the 30ih of June. 1&58/' approved
May 4, t8."8, to legalize and make nppiopriattons foi the al-
lowances el the la^t (lotihC of Representatives, whether by
lesomtion of t-aul House, or by the Committee of Accounts.
An amendment was offered to the deficiency I
bill to provide for the payment of the extra allow- i
ances of the last House of Representatives. It j
led to considerable und lengthy debate. A con- !
struction was placed upon the act by the present ]
Secretary of the Treasury, different from that of I
his predecessors. Whore allowances have been j
made heretofore by the Committee of Accounts '
to the employes, messengers, and clerks, under j
a simple resolution of the House of Representa- j
tives, such allowances have been recognized and j
passed at the Treasury Department. Buttheprcs-1
ent Secretary of' the Treasury deeming that an |
improper construction of the law, directed that j
no expenses, except the ordinary and usual ex- :
penses—the word il ordinary" being: used in con- j
tradisunction from "extraordinary"—paid out I
of the contingent fund of the House would be 1
allowed at the Treasury Department; that extra
allowances made to employes by the Committee ,
of Accounts, and extra allowances made by the 1
House, without specific appropriations to pay j
them, would not be allowed at the Treasury De- j
partment. In consequence of that construction |
of the act, it became necessary to have further
legislation, and the proposition came up on the
deficiency bill. That'matter was debated at great
length, and every member is familiar with the
subject. The clause placed in that bill was in-
tended to pay the extra allowances of the last
session of Congress, and then to fall back to the
construction of the former law, made by the pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury; in other words,
that we should pay such allowances in the past,
but not in the future. The reason alleged for
this was that such allowances have been usual
and customary for a number of years; that clerks,
relying upon those allowances, had made en-
gagements based upon them, and had created
debts upon the faith of it, and that it had become
a sort of vested right. The question came up
in that way, and the provision passed in the defi-
ciency bill. Subsequently to that, the Comptroller
of the Treasury has placed a construction upon
that act different from what was intended by the
House of Representatives in its passage, in con-
sequence of that construction the Senate have put !
an amendment upon this bill to provide for that !
class of expenses which by that decision were to \
be cut off. They send it to us. The Committee j
of Ways and Means propose a substitute for it, 1
the effect of which will be to pay the extra allow- j
ances of the last session of Congress, and then to I
cease to pay them hereafter. It proposes to make j
no alteration in the act of 18-15, but rather to main- j
tain the construction put upon it by the present i
Secretary of the Treasury. It saves us from !
future inconvenience, and protects us from all i
future extra allowaneess, unless there is a spe-
cific appropriation made to pay them.
Mr. BURNETT. In my judgment, the Jan-
guage of this amendment is too broad. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, in giving his reason why
the committee recommend the adoption of this
amendment, says that the Comptroller has given
a construction to thatact different from the one in-
tended by the deficiency bill to have been given
to it. This provision not only covet s the amount
voted by resolution to theempioyesofthis House,
but it covers every account that may have been
paid by the Clerk of the House. The language is
broad enough to cover it. It legalizes and adopts
all the appropriations that may have been made
by the last Congress. Now, I suggest to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
if he wants to make an appropriation for the pur-
pose of covering the advances that have been
voted to the employes of the House, that he should
use language to that effect, and say, "to pay the
employes." Why does he cover it up in lan-
guage so obscure that it admits of a different con- r
struct ion from the one he says is intended to be l!
placed upon it?
Now, I voted against the deficiency bill in which j;
this appropriation was made; and 1 must confess j|
that I was surprised that the Washington Union, ;
a paper usually dignified, discreet, and correct, !|
should have thought proper to assail those of I:
us of the Democratic party who felt constrained j]
by a high sense of public duty to vote against ;i
that bill on accountof some of us extravagances. IJ
I would say to the Committee of Ways and [l
Means that when they come in here with a de- ij
liciency bill, or appropriation of any sort, which |i
is, in my judgment, wrong, I will take therespons- |
ibility of voting against it; and I have no doubt j
that the Washington Union, appreciating the er-
rors of its course, will give tfue credit to those of
us who feel that we have the capacity to discharge
our public duties with a due regard to the public
interest, without the fear of unjust criticism, come ;
from whatever quarter it may. I
Now to this amendment. " Why is it worded i
in obscure language? Why not tell us in plain ,
terms that it is intended to cover gratuities to the
employes of the House, and tho.twhen they are :
paid we are done? That is what is meant 6y it, 1
but not what is said. Now, I piopose lo amend ;
it, so as to meet tiie views of the chairman of the '
Committee of Ways and Means, by inserting a
proviso that this clause is not to apply to this or ■
any future Congress. If the Committee of Ways
and Means intend to stop there, and do not intend
this to apply to any future Congress, let them
adopt that amendment and so fix'it.
The question was taken on the amendment to ,
the amendment, and it was adopted. \
Mr. BURNETT. I propose to amend the sec- j
tion by adding as follows: |
Provided, That this section is not to apply to this or anv j
future Congress. " [
Now, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says that the Comptroller, under the
act to which he has referred, has decided that he
would not pay money under a simple resolution
of this House; but he did not go far enough in
that statement. The decision of the Comptroller
is this: that he will not pay money under a sim-
pie resolution of this House, where that resolu-
tion is in conflict with a law or joint resolution;
and in that decision he was right, because if this
House makes an appropriation of money under
a simple resolution, which is in conflict with the
statute or joint resolution, it would be wrong, and
must necessarily lead to abuses of the very worst
description. Now, it has been stated that the
Comptroller has refused to pay the employes
under a resolution of this House. He has made
no such decision, nor has he refused at any time
to pay the money that was due and owing to the
employes of the House, whether they were ap-
pointed under a resolution of this House, or a
joint resolution, or a law; but his decision only
went to the extent I have stated. He refused to
pay it where the simple resolution of the House
was in conflict with the law or a joint resolution.
That is my understanding of it.
The reason why I propose to add this proviso
to the amendment is, that the language of the
amendment reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means is, in my judgment, obscure. It would
admit of a construction that would apply to tho
future as well as to the past.
I have this also to say to the Committee of
Ways and Means—and I say it with all due re-
spect—they brought in a bill which they called a
deficiency bill, and put in it a provision which
they themselves admitted here in the discussion
was wrong. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] who had that bill especially in charge,
would not defend the appropriation for the em-
ployes of this House running back for ten years.
He will admit himself that no man who voted
for the resolutions under which these payments
were claimed ever contemplated that they were
to go back ten years, and give its beneficiaries
back pay in the shape of extra compensation.
But in face of that resolution passed here, in lan-
guage admitting of that construction, instead of
requiring these men to make out their claims, so •
as to let us know the amount, and be able to vote
intelligently, they brought in an indefinite pro-
vision here, and there was not a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means who could tell,
during that discussion, how much money was
covered by tho provision, or who were to oe the
beneficiaries under it. They cannot tell to-day
who they are. They cannot tell to-day the ag-
gregate amount of money voted. And yet, when
their fiiends here, who are desirous of promot-
ing the interests of the Government, and of aiding
in getting through the appropriation bills, acting
upon their own responsibility and their own con-
victions ol what is nght, daie to assert their in-
dependence by voting against such legislation,
their Democracy is subjected to obnoxious im-
putations. I wish to say that I was actuated by
no hostile feeling towards the employes of this
House. I am for paying them, and paying them
well; but I am for fixing their salaries by law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I am sorry to see my friend
from Kentucky so much excited by the little dif-
ficulty between him and the "Union. That is a
war m which I do not mean to take any part. I
imagine that each is entirely capablc of taking
care of himself. But, sir, the gentleman has
stated that no member of the Committee of Ways
and Means knew how much money was em-
braced in the third section of the deficiency bill.
Now, I stated to several of those who opposed
that section that I had procured from the Cierk
of the last House of Representatives a list show-
ing the precise amount which was embraced m
that section, and a second list showing exactly
how much of it had been paid, and that I pro-
cured it for the purpose of placing it at the dis-
posal of those gentlemen who undertook to assail
that appropriation, in order that they might in-
vestigate it to their heart's content, and satisfy
themselves as to its propriety or impropriety.
That list amounts, in round numbers, to $66,000;
and the amount paid amounted, in round num-
bers, to $18,000. The object of the provision in
