1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
April 22,
to thenature and degree of his disability, not exceeding one
half of ins monthly pay."
And a similar provision is contained in the act
of March 2, 1790, section eight. These laws
were in force during the war of 1812, and have
never been repealed. It was in view of these
provisons that many brave men presented their
breasts to the enemy and received the blow which
was aimed at their country. /
How did our soldiers understand these laws
when they entered the service of the United
States? Why, as every man of common sense
would understand them—that if he should become
disabled while in the line of his duty in the public
service, he should receive a pension according to
the degree of his disability, for life or during dis-
ability; and it was the uniform practice of the Pen-
sion Office, previous to 1820, to commence invalid
pensions from the date of the disability.
On the 15th of May of that year, Congress
passed an act entitled "An act to continue in force
an act to provide for persons who were disabled
by known wounds received during the revolu-
tionary war, and for other purposes,'5 the third
section of which provides:
" That the right any person now has, or hereafter may
acquijp, to leceive a pension tn vntue of any law of the
United States, shall be considered to commence from the
time of completing the testimony tn the case, puisuanl to
the act hereby i evived and continued infoi ce.,,
In my judgment this act relates, and was at the
time intended to relate, exclusively to the invalids
of the Revolution. No other application can be
made without an impeachment of the good sense,
the honor and justice of that Congress, towards
those who had entered the military scrvicc of your
country to defend its flag and maintain its rights
•in the war of 1812, at whatever hazard to health
and life, and sacrifice of the endearments of fam-
ily and home.
In this view I am sustained by cminentauthor-
lty, and will be allowed to adduce that of Hon.
Benjamin F. Butler, when Attorney Gcnei al of the
United States. In giving his opinion in the case
of General Ripley, (see page 387 of Mayo's edi-
tion of Pension Laws,) he says:
"All persons entering the Army under that act were there -
foie bound to know that it disabled they could not receive
pennons as invalids, so I0112 as they letamed their places
jn the Aimy, and received tin- pay and emolurncntstheieof."'
Hut I am di-tmctly informed by the Commissioner of Ten-
sions, that tins wa^ the only limitation imposed by the u>n<ie
of the office, ptior to the aet oi 15th May. lti-20, on the pay-
ment of pem-ion^ lor disabilities- under the act of 1812; and
that wiieie the party lelt the Airnv at the time he was dis-
abled, the pension wa-conMdeied as accruing from the date
of the disability, no imutei when the, testimony wa > com-
pleted or piodueed. Thn being the ea<e, all persons who
enteied the Aimy under that law had good lea^on to expect,
that if thev should become doubled they would be allowed
• pensions according to then.ume of their disabilities, to com-
mence from the time when they should cease to receive the
pay and emoluments of the seivice. The contract between
them .md the Government was not piecisely to that effect,
because it wa«s ^object to the contingency, that the Presi-
dent might presciibe other lobulations which might limit
still further the commencement of the pen-ion; but as this
powci Iku not been e\<;n i^ed, the ea^e may be eotioideied
as standing picenely on the same gtouiul as though it had
not exited."
But Colonel Edwards, who had control of the
Pension Office in 1850,and for more than a quarter
of a century afterwards, decided otherwise; and
the regulations established by him have mainly
governed since. Indeed, they seem to have grown
into a right, by prescription, to commence invalid
pensions from the completion of the evidence;
and however unjust the rule, it has been adhered
to since the time he was in office, and no subse-
quent officer has taken the responsibility, how-
ever repugnant to his sense of justice and right
and law, to wholly disregard it, and carry out the
laws of Congress according to their plain intent
and meaning.
The effect of this construction was to repeal the
laws of Congress, and repudiate contracts which
were made by the Government with the soldiers
when they entered the service. Hence my object
in introducing this bill, or substitute for the bill
of the honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. f
Savage] is to procure, by aet of Congress, a con- i
struction to the existing laws, in harmony with ]
their spirit and meaning, and so that they may I
* " rievious to 16-30, it was the practice of the Pension !
Office to commence invalid pensions from the date of the ;
wounds, and in many eases it has been done since. The !
last Congress allowed the pension of General McNiel fiom !
the date of hi< wounds, m addition to Ins pay as an officer, I
and the amount wus made payable to ins widow.'' '
receive their pensions from the date of their dis-
abilities. I propose no change of ihe principle
long since established by the Government, and
carried out in good faith in a period of our history
when we were less competent to pay these hon-
orable and just demands than we are now. Shall
it be said that the Representatives of a people,
now great in power and resources, in whose ears
the echo of the valor of those brave men still rings,
are reckless to the obligations of contract and
promise made to them when they entered the ser-
vice? I will not believe it; nor will I believe .that,
for an age beyond, when our people shall only
know of their sacrifices and achievements by tra-
dition and history, any will be found unwilling
or tardy in discharging the last, lingering obliga-
tions to those gallant veterans.'
It.has been the practice since 1820 to pay those
who were engaged in the naval service of the
United States from the date of their disabilities.
The principle and intention of the law towards
Army invalids has been asserted by numerous
acts of your Congress within the last thirty years.
Every man present knows how these invalid pen-
sioners come down to the Ilalls of Congress year
after year, and ask you to pass spccial acts for
their relief, placing them on the roll of invalid
pensioners from the date of their disabilities, in-
stead of from the date of the completion of their
proof. Why is it, then, that you will hesitate in
allowing these men pensions in accordance with
what was the understanding at the time they en-
tered the service ? Was it not a contract that the
Government entered into with these men ? Their
claim has become a vested right, and they have
a right to demand it of you. You are sufficiently
liberal in making appropriations to carry on the
affairs of the country. You are munificent in
many other respects. But when these soldiers
come to the doors of Congress and ask for a few
hundred dollars, you refuse them their prayer.
How unjust! Why not place the soldiers of the
war of 1812 on an equal footing with each other?
Why give an advantage to those who made ap-
plications lor pensions previous to 1820, which
you will not give to those who, whether from
ignorance of their rights, from pride of circum-
stances, or from inability to complete their proofs,
did not apply tdl after Uiat date?
I have a case in illustration of the injustice of
such a practice. A few years ago—and since
1850—I am informed that a soldier who was in
the battle of Plattsburg, where two thousand of
our militia men drove back fourteen thousand
British troops, made application at your Pension
Office. He had been wounded by a musket ball
in his leg, was thrown into the hospital, and had
suffered amputation. His officers were killed m
battle, and his company scattered throughout the
country, so that he was unable, until lately, to
make the necessary proof, in order to comply with
the construction of the law, as given at the War
Department, He was told there that his case was
a good one, and that he would be placed on the
pension rolls from the date of the completion of
Ins proofs. He asked: " Am I not to be placed
back on an equal footing with my comrades m
the service? I have been unable to maintain my-
self. I have been obliged to throw myself on the
sympathy and aid of kind friends. Instead of
my being a support to my family, they have
supported me; and now you propose to turn me
away with the humble pittance of ninety-six dol-
lars a year, after the date of the completion of
my pi oof. I will go to Congress, and ask that
justice which you deny at your Pension depart-
ment."
But, Mr. Chairman, the amount involved is not
large. To carry out the provisions of tins bill
will require but a comparatively small amount to
be taken from your Treasury. On looking over
the report of the Commissioner of Pensions, 1 see
that for the year ending June 30, 1857, the num-
ber of Army invalids on the rolls was four thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-eight. It is sup-
posed that about one third of that number have
been receiving pensions from the date of their dis-
abilities, leaving three thousand two hundred and
sixty-live to be provided for under this bill; and
it is estimated that it will require, on an average,
$500 to pay each man, making an aggregate sum
of $1,632,500.
Of the 54,838 soldiers of the Revolution who
were pensioned under the acts of 1818, 1828, and
1832, only 346 remain, according to the report of
the Commissioner of Pensions for the year ending
June 30,1857. The amount paid annually to this
class of men, during the last sixty years, will
more than pay the sums due the invalids of 1812.
Pensions were allowed those brave men of the
Revolution not only on account of their services
and sacrifices, but because the country will " eter-
nally keep the tabletof gratitude bright"towards
those who achieved our independence as a nation.
Pensions to invalids of the war of 1812 and sub-
sequent wars proceed upon a different principle.
They grew out of a promise made by Congress
before and at the time they entered the service,
and may well be said to have formed a contract
between the Government and the soldiers—when
both were free to make it—founded upon consid-
erations of patriotism, protection, and defense;
and most nobly did the soldier perform the duty
assigned him. They protected the legacy left by
the heroes of *76, and preserved our patrimony
of freedom from stain and dishonor.
National justice, good policy, the dictates of a
common humanity, and the feeling of just grati-
tude demand this net at our hands.
I shall propose, before I take my seat, to add
three sections to my bill, or substitute, with a
view of carrying out in part, and as far as prac-
ticable at the present time, in my judgment, the
object sought to be accomplished by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
But I have placed the invalid soldiers first, be-
cause I think the Government should be just be-
fore they are generous. These wounded men
come here and ask us to fulfill our contract, fairly
made with them when they entered the Army, and
I would not have the Government higgle with a
wounded or disabled soldier aft to the time when
his pension shall commence. Whenever he proves
that his disability commenced, his pension ought
to commence from that period, without regard to
the time when his proof was perfected or com-
pleted. There isonlyone classof soldiers'claims
pending before Congress which may be said to
have equal merit with the invalids of the war of
1812. I allude to the claims of the officers and
soldiers of the Revolution, recommended to us by
the Legislatures of New York, Maryland, and
Virginia, and petitions from every part of the
country, and for the relief of whom I had the
honor, early during this session, to refer a bill to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and I
am gratified to know that the same received the
unanimous indorsement of the committee, and has
been reported to the House without alteration or
amendment. To those men, and the heroes of
our second independence, we are indebted for the
seats we now occupy, for this splendid Hall, for
the immunities and blessings we enjoy, arid for
our greatness and glory as a people.
I find, in looking over the report of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office for the present year,
that the territory won by the arms of those pat-
riots, amounts to one thousand four hundred and
fifty-eight million acres, besides the inestimable
boon of liberty and independence which we now
enjoy. To meet the promises of Congress to these
men, this entire territory, by the act of 1790, was
pledged to the payment of the revolutionary debt;
and I trust that this Congress will see to it that
j th-e injustice which has been done to these men
j shall no longer be a reproach and a stain upon the
I national honor. We have already received from
the sales of these lands more than one hundred
| million dollars, and the yearly income from that
i source will average about six millions. The sol-
! diers of the Revolution have the first mortgage
i upon the public domain, and the soldiers of the
: war of 1812 have the next claim, to the income, at
! least, for they nobly maintained our country's
! rig lits, sustained the honor of our flag, and gained
; what may well be termed our second independ-
' enee.
] 1 know very well that in the present depleted
i state of the national Treasury it is impossible to
| do justice to all those who have entered the ser-
| vice of our country. 1 would be glad, under cer-
! tain rules and regulations, to £0 with the gentlc-
i man from Tennessee [Air. Sa\ ace] in establishing
| the principle, however novel it may be, since the
; days of the Revolution, of giving pensions for
, services as well as for disabilities. With this end
| in view, I propose to amend my substitute by in-
I cerpoiating into it the principle of the bill of 1832,
