1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which is simply full pension for twenty-four
, months' service, half pension for twelve months,
and a quarter pension for six months.
1 know that many performed meritorious ser-
vices who were on military duty for a less length
of time, equally so to the extent of time they were
in the service—some for three months; some les3
—those who were of the drafted and volunteer
force for thirty and sixty days in the States.
In Connecticut this class prevented the recap-
ture of the Macedonian and our other ships of war
by the British fleet, which held them blockaded
up the river Thames. But while we cannot do full
and complete justice to all of that class of men,
let us go as far as we can, trusting to another
occasion, a more auspicious day in the financial
condition of our Treasury, to triumphantly vin-
dicate our appreciation of the services of all, and
a nation's gratitude to all her brave sons.
Mr. Chairman, I nowmodify my substitute by
adding the sections which I send to the Clerk's
desk:
Sec. 3. •And be it farther enacted, That each of the sur-
viving officers, musicians, soldiers, and Indian spies, who
shalJ have served in the regular Army, State tioops, volun-
teers, or militia, at one or more times, a period of two years
during the war with Great Biitain declared by the United
States on the 18th day of June, 1812, or in any of the Indian
wars subsequent to the war of the Revolution, and previous
to said 18th day of June, 1812, shall he entitled to an annuity
or pension equal to his full pay in the line, according to his
rank, but Hot exceeding in any ca^e the pay of a capum of
infantiy ; such pay to commence on the *th day of Maich,
1858, and continue during his natural life ; and that any of-
ficer, non-commissioned officei, musician, or pnvate, as
aforesaid, who shall have served as afoiesaid a teim or
terms in the whole less than the peuod of two years, but
not less than mx months, shall be entitled to an annuity or
pension, each according to the term of his service, bearing
such proportion to the annuity granted for the same rank for
the service of two years as his term of service did to the
term aforesaid, to commence on the 4th day March, 1858,
ami continue during his natural life.
Sec. 4. Jind be U further enacted, That if any person who
would be entitled to a pension under the thud secuon of
this act, if living, have died, or may hereafter die, leaving
a widow, such widow shall be entitled to receive, during her
widowhood, the same annuity or pension that her husband
would have been entitled to if living, to commence on said
4th day of March, 1858, unless her husband shall have sur-
vived that date, and received a pension under this act, in
which case, her pension shall commence from the day of
his death.
Sfc. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the annuity or
pension heieby allowed shall not be in any way uansfer-
able, or liable to attachment, levy, or seizuie, by any legal
process whatever, but shall muie wholly to the pcisonal
benefit of the officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
or soldier entitled to the same, or to his widow.
Mr. CURRY obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Alabama
will permit me, I will move that the committee
rise.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman withhold that
motion for a moment5
Mr. DAWES. Certainly, with the leave of the
gentleman who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURRY. I have no objection.
Mr. COBB-. I merely desire to give notice to
the committee that I shall propose to amend the
bill by inserting, after the word " twelve," in the
ninth line, the words " and the Florida snd Creek
Indian wars of 1836, 1837, and 1838," so as to
include those who served in those wars, or their
widows. ^
Mr. FLORENCE. I give notice that I shall
offer the following as an amendment to the bill:
That all persons who are or who may be on the invalid
pension rolls of the Army, Navy, and marine eoips of the
United States, shall be entitled to iceeive pensions at the
rate of not less than eight dollars per month for disability
of the highest degree, and for disability of less degree pio-
portionably less; such pensions, m each case, to commence
from the occurence of the disability on account of which
they have been t r may be granted : Provided, That nothing
in this act shall be construed to lessen the pensions of tho^e
who, by special or other legislation, are or may be entitlejd
to pensions of a higher giade, or to impair any right thus
acquired; and that such higher pensions fot disability shall
be graded in conformity with the assimilation mentioned in
the next section of this act.
Sec. —• Jlnd be it farther enacted, That if any peison has
died, or shall die, bv reason of injury received, or of disease
contracted, while in the line of his duty as a commissioned
or non-commissioned officer of the Army, Navy, or marine
corps of the United States, or as an enlisted man or " boy"
of either of said branches of public set vice, and shall have
left, or shall leave, a widow, or, if no widow, a child or
childien under sixteen years of age, buch widow, duung her
widowhood, or,if there be no widow, such child orchildren
shall be entitled to receive a monthly pension, to be com-
puted in amount according to the pension laws in relation
to the Navy now m f'oice : that is to say, the widow, child,
or children, as aforesaid, of a general officer, colonel, or
lieutenant-colonel of the Army oi marine corps, shall be
entitled to the pension now allowed by law to the widow,
child, or children of a captain of the Navy ; and, m like
manner, the several other ranks of the Army and marine
corps, in respect to pensions, shall be assimilated to those
of the Navy, as follows: a major to a commander; a cap-
tain to a lieutenant; a lieutenant to a master; a surgeon, an
assistant surgeon; and a chaplain to similar grades in the
Navy; a seigeant majoi, an oiderly or first sergeant, an
ordftance or quartermaster's sergeant, a.prineipal musician,
and a hospital steward to a boatswain; all other sergeants
and enlisted master-workmen to a boatswain's mate; and
the widow, child, or children as aforesaid of any other non-
commissioned officer, enlisted man or " boy" of the Army,
Navy, or marine eoips as aforesaid shall be entitled to a
pension of eight dollars per month; the said pensions,in
each case, to commence as do similar pensions in the Navy.
Sec. —. *dnd be it further enacted, That m the event of
the death or marriage of such widow, the pension aforesaid
shall theiefrom be paid to such child orclnldren ; but in all
cases said pension shall cease when such child or childien
attained, or shall attain, the age of sixteen years, or died,
or shall die, before that age.
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all cases of
application for a pension, which have been or may be made
under this or any previous act now in force, in relation to
the Army, Navy, or marine corps, it shall be presumed that
every such person was either disabled, or (as the case may
be) that his death was caused, as aforesaid, while he was
in the line of his duty, unless it be proven that such disabil-
ity or death resulted from vicious conduct, immoral habits,
or otherwise, as prohibited by the laws governing, respect-
ively, the Army, Navy, and marine corps.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pensions
hereby provided for shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appiopriated; and that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
I further give notice that I shall introduce an
amendment to provide for certain persons who
were engaged in service in 1818, and in the war
with Mexico.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I give notice that I
shall offer the following amendments:
After the words " Gieat Britain," in line eight, section
2, insert the following words:
And aNo all others who curved as soldiers cither in the
regular Army, volunteers, oi militia, in any Indian wars
between any of the Indian tribes and the United States from
1783 to 1795, and subsequently until 1812.
Insert, after the woid "twelve," in line nine, section
one, the following woids:
And also any soldier who served in said war in the regular
Army of the United States, militia, or volunteer*, who can
show that, by iea«5on of exposure or other haid-diips en-
duied, he is now an invalid, and unable to maintain him-
self by his labor.
it may appear strange to the House that there
has never been any provision made for Anthony
Wayne's army.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman why he does not include the Florida war,
the Whisky insurrection, and the Mexican war?
Mr. FLORENCE. And the Buckshot war?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to give notice that
I shall, at the proper time, offer an amendment to
the bill extending the benefit of its provisions to
those who served in the Army of the United States
prior to 1818, so as to embrace those men who
served with General Jackson in his Florida cam-
paign.
3&r. UNDERWOOD, Mr. Chairman, with the
leave of the gentleman from Alabama, I desire to
give noticc that, at the proper time, I shall move
an amendment to the bill to include those gallant
soldiers of our own State, Kentucky, who went
out under the command of General Hopkins, who
were engaged m a toilsome march, ami who were
more exposed to danger and starvation than al
most any other men who were engaged in the war
of 1812. I desire to have them also included.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to submit a prop-
osition to print the several amendments of which
notice has been given, so that the members of the
House may be able to give them due considera-
tion before they are called upon to vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The propostion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot be received
in committee.
Mr. DAWES renewed his motion, and it was
agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Burnett)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration as a special order, the bill of
the House No. 259, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have printed the various
amendments, of which notice was given in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object; and move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like, at the same
time with the proposition of-the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, to nave it referred .to :a committee
to ascertain how many wars, we fiave, evfe:r .haxl>
and what would be the cost of pensioning *the
whole set. [Laughter.] V:
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 thinly the Committee on
the Library would be the proper committee to
obtain that information.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist on my motion.;
Thefnotion was agreed to; and'thereupon (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. .m.) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, JSpril 23, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE. ^
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentof the United
States, transmitting reports of the Secretary of
State and the Secretary of the Navy, with ac-
companying papers, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 19th of January last, which was
submitted by Mr. Seward, calling upon the Pres-
ident to communicate to the Senate any informa-
tion in his possession, derived from the United
States squadron on the coast of Africa, or from
the British or French Governments, or any other
official sources, concerning the condition of the
African slave trade, and concerning the move-
ments of the French Government to establish a
colonization in the possessions of thatGovernment
from the coast of Africa.
The message was read, and, on motion of Mr.
Stuart,was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SEWARD subsequently said: The answer
of the Secretary of State to the call of the Senate,
made some time ago, for correspondence with for-
eign Powers concerning the slave trade, was or-
dered to be referred this morning, in my absence,
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I move
that the communication be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be
glad to ask a question of the Senator from New
York, who has obtained this'order for printing.
It is granted without anyreference w-hatever. I
am not aware that the document is before the Sen-
ate, but I understand there is not a little of it.
Will the Senator explain it? Otherwise, I must
move to reconsider.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will let it
lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know what the dif-
ficulty is. The paper came in yesterday, and was
referred this morning to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. It has gone to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and I ask that it may be
printed. It is voluminous and* very important.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it a short paper?-
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. It is a communi-
cation of the correspondence of foreign Powers
concerning the slave trade.
Mr. MASON. It is a very interesting corre-
spondence, to the country, on the subject of the
relative action of the British and American Gov-
ernments in regard to the suppression of the Af-
rican slave trade.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will go over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
The Chair will remark to the Senator from New
York that the motion was entertained under unan-
imous consent, because, under the rule, it must
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection that it shall
go to the Committee on Printing, if they desire
to examine it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations say it ought to be
printed, I shall make no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I happened to be out on a
committee of conference at the time, and the hon-
orable chairman was out; but the committee de-
sire that it shall be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I shall
interpose no objection.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to present a pe-
tition
