1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
gationof gentlemen in New York and other places
interested in the commerce of the Union, and who
will be here whenever they apprehend that it is
proposed to pass any such bill tts tins, a majority
of this House can cull it up from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
bill can then be put upon its passage. -
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire for a moment to re-
fur to one or two of the remaining provisions of
the bill for the put pose of < stablishing the propo-
sition for which i contend; namely, that however
much this bill may have received the attention of
the Committee on Commerce, it has not received
the attention of the remaining members of this
IIuu sc, each of whom is certainly as much inter-
ested in examining the provisions of the bill, if not
as competent to judge of it, as are the members of
the committee.
The seventeenth section of this bill, to which
gentlemen will for an instant refer, regulates the.
number of persons which passenger steamers
shall carry; and U regulates that number, not
according to the number of pas^engeis carried,
but according to the tonnage of the ships. The
bill provides that every steamer of two thousand
ton? and upwards shall carry a certain number of
boats, no matter whether she has on board thirty
©r five hundred passengers, i submit that it is
most unreasonable, and that the regulation as to
the number of boats should be a regulation, not in
accoidance with the tonnage of the ship, but in
accordance wnh the number of passetigos to be
saved ftom danger in case of stoi in, or from acci-
dent. There is a very mistaken notion afloat in
respect to this subject o( boats to be carried upon
a steam-ship. Boats were never designed to be a
substitute for a sinking vessel, but they are de-
signed to carry the passengers fi om a sinking ves-
sel, or a burning vessel, to a place of safety. Now,
how should their number be regulated? Why,
in accordance with the number of passengers.
The seventeenth section of this bill, when applied
to such steam-ships as are now employed in the
California trade and the European tiade, will
cause the deck to be so lumbered up with boats
that the passengers can hardly move about.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call the gentleman's
attention to the section now under consideration;
and if I state it incorrectly, I desire to be corrected.
Thcgentleman tsuwarethotnearly every steamer
which leaves New Yoik for Aspinwall carries
from five to six hundred passengers, and we find
tiiat each one of these steamers is provided with
but six hfe-boais. We find that in the case of the
Central America, with six hundred passengers,
there were but six boats, capable of holding, m
ail, one hundred and twenty-five persons. Now,
sir, the provision to which the gentleman from
New York refers has been very caiefully calcu-
lated and very thoioughly estimated. It compels
each steamer to carry on board a sufficient num-
ber of boats to take off her passengers, and that
the seat of each passenger shall be numbered in
the boat the same as it would be at the dinner
table in the cabin. Then how can you get at the
number of boats required? You can only jret at
U by the number of tons You can only say that
a vessel —such, for instance, as the Star of the
West—of two thousand tons, sailing from New
York, shall only carry three hundred passengers,
and shall have boats enough to take away these
passengers. That is the proposition we make.
We say that such a vessel as the Sonora, running
from New Orleans to Aspimvall, ofthree thousand
tons and upwards, shall only carry four hiindtec)
and fifty passengers, and shall have twelve boats,
. sufficient to save their lives in case of fire or ship-
' wreck.
Now, sir, I tell the gentleman that whether this
bill strikes down $10,000,000 of the property of
the people of the city of New York or not, the
lives of four hundred Caiifornians are dearer to
me than all the property it may affect.
Mr. CLARlv, of New York. 1 agree with the
gentleman, that the number of boats on board
should be capable of saving the lives of the pas-
sengers; and it is for that i*cason I ask that the
number of boats shall be regulated, not according
to the tonnage of the ship, but according to the
number of passengers. Take, for instance, our
Kuiopean trade, m which vessels are employed of
five thousand tons burden. Now, this law would
require such a steamer to can y twenty-four boats,
twenty-fourfcetlongr, and seven feet wide, whether
she carried five hundred passengers or thirty. In
the winter passages, when the numberofpassen-
gers is sometimes reduced to thirty or forty,is it
justtiiat she should be compelled to lumberup her
decks, and cany the same number of boats which
she ought to carry in the summer season, when five
hundred or six hundred passengcis are found on
board of her? It seems to me there can be no
doubt that in that particular, at least, this bill has
not been duly considered. But, sir, I did not rise
to addtess the House on its merits, for I have
never fully read it. I desire an opportunity of
considering it, and I will be satisfied either by its
recommittal to the Committee on Commerce, or
by us being sent to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
But, sir, I must answer one suggestion made
by the honorable gentleman from California, [Mr.
Scott.] He has referred to the loss of the Cen-
tral America, and he has referred to the fact that
these California steamers sometimes carry five or
six hundred passengers at the present time. Now,
sir, ts this legislation to meeta prescntemergency,
or is it for all time? Is this a bill to be passed by I
this House in this hasty manner, because there j
was a shipwreck m September last? Or is it a j
bill that is to become ingrafted as part of the per- j
manent settled policy of the country m connec- j
tion with navigation interests ? Is this a bill to ,
meet a particular emergency at this moment ? If j
so, it may be well enough; and if I could be as-
suted it would operate for only a few weeks or !
months, there need be no serious opposition to it. '
But, sir, without further comment, satisfied as I !
am that this hill has not received that considera- '
tion which its importance demands, and that the i
parties in interest m New Yoik and other cities j
have not had an opportunity ot coming here and
being heard, I ask in all sincerity that it shall be
referred, either back to the Committee on Corn-
meice,or be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, that I, at least,
may have an opportunity of scrutinizing every
provision; for I think it is a bill which ought not
to pass the House. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that
I am suftciing from a cold, so that I will be un- ;
able to go into the merits of this bill as fully as f |
w^uld like. I regard itas the most palpable vio- i
lation of the Constitution, and of the rights of the j
States, that has ever been introduced into this i
House m the shape of a bill. I should desire to )
be heard on it for at least the tune of one hour, j
What do they propose'to do here ? They pro- 1
pose to go into the States, upon the canals and 1
navigable rivers, and wherever else steamboats,
flatboats, barges, or any craft whatever is found,
and theie to place them under the control of mspec-
tois, to be appointed by the Fedeial Government,
who are to examine this craft and to prescribe
the rules by which they shall sail, or steam, or be
dragged, from one point to another. I ask where, !
before, in the history of this country, was such a
power claimed for the Federal Government, to
interfere with the rights of the States? I would
ask gentlemen why they do not go a little further,
and when they undertake to protect the lives of
passengers on board of vessels, or water craft
propelled by steam, or in any other way, they do
not also undertake to regulate the number of pas-
sengers that should be carried in stage coaches or
upon railroads?
Mr. EtJSTlS. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will call attention to section thirty-eight.
Mr. LETCHER. I will come to that directly.
Mr. EUST1S. It may save the gentleman some
trouble. - j
Mr. LETCHER. I have had my attention
called to that part of the bill, and I assure the gen- !
tleman he shall hear from me on it before I am
through. I ask, if you can go upon a canal orj
upon any navigable stream, and th'-rc, within t
the limits of the State of Virginia or Louisiana,
regulate the number of passengers which shall ;
be carried on a steamboat, or if you can direct ;
that steamboats shall be inspected in a partic- |
ular way, that the plank shall be taken out in a
given number of years after the construction of j
the boat, why you cannot protect the lives of j
passengers in stage coaches and upon railroads, ;
and in road wagons too? The case is stronger |
concerning passengers upon railroads and in stage
coaches than this one, because the railroad and
stage coach companies are the mail carriers, and
directly connected with the Governmert by vir-
tue of contracts; but, so far as these canai boats
and barges are concerned, there is no connection
between them and the Government in any way.
Private individuals have invested their capital m
them, and under the belief that they have invested
it in a way tliatwould be likely to give them what
they consider an adequate return. Has the Gen-
eral Government the right to interfere here?
Let us look at this. Does it stop here? No,
sir. They undertake to prescribe what shall bo
Carried, and how it shall be carried. It is pre-
scribed that gunpowder and the oil of turpentine,
and oil ofvitnol,and things of thatsort, shall only
be carried in a certain way pointed out by this
act. What right have they to go upon the Poto-
mac and undertake to contio! in this way the pri-
vate business of individuals engaged in freight-
' ■ ' I do not state it in stronger language than
ing?
it is.
Here is the section:
'•Sec 7 And he it further enacted* That every person who
shall knowingly offer, or d'iiver 0>r shipment, or who shall
attem pt to put on board, th carry or to be cai ried on any such
steamboat cum nig passengers any «urtpo>cdei, oil of rifriol,
od or spirits of turpentine, or other like dangerous articles,
contraiy to the provwons of the eighth section of the laiV
ot Augu>t «W. J&j2, or the fifth section of this act, shall, for
eve>v Mich offence, he deemed gu Ity of misdemeanor, and
be Mihject to the penalties prescribed respectively in
such sections."
I should like just here to put it to my friends
from the South who are for this bill, whether,
when they undertake to regulate these particular
articles of freight, they cannot also undertake to
provide that the species of pioperty peculiar to
the South shell not be carried upon these vessels
at all? if they have power to regulate one,they
have power to regulate and control the other, or
indeed any species of property which may be
transported. Any person who shall deliver such
for shipment is to be taken and made an examples
of; if the owner of the vessel carries it. Then
comes the eighth section:
uSec. 8. ^ rib<,2£/ur//icre ffctef3l,Thather<>af><?r,when-
ever baige^ or other craft, shall be propelled or towed by a
pa^enger steamer, gun powder shall not heconvetfed on board
such barges, or other craft, except wnh the same precautions,
and undei the same restrictions, and subject to the same
penalties, aa piescnbed for such passgengct steamer by the
steamboat law of the 30th of August, island by this act.*'
It is not alone to steam vessels that it applies,
but to barges,those wood yawls which are brought
up to this city of Washington, and to every other
vessel of that sort traversing .the waters of the
Potomac, if drawn or towed by a steamer of any
sort.
Is not this a most direct interference ? I have
always thought that it was the policy and the
duty of the Government to let the private citizen
alone with his trade, to let him conduct it to suit
himself; if he chose to invest his capital, and to
risk that capital in the prosecution of any business,
to let him judge as to the risk, to let him judge as
to the compensation which he would receive by
virtue of the contract with the party who should
desire to intrust goods to his charge for transpor-
tation. Here again:
s; That, fot the hotter security of life and property, it shall
be the duty of the master and owner of all *ail vessels, of
every de-ciiption above the bunion of twenty tons, whether
on navigable water* within the United States, or on the high
seas, or on the Canadian waters of the northern or north-
\ve->tet ri lakej and livers, to compl> with the following reg-
ulation^ in respect to eairying lights m the night season,
viz: All such vessels shall exhibit a bright white light,in a
central position, in their after or main rigging; the>aid light
to be cairicd at such a height as to be j.enr nbove all ^ails
carried upon the vessel m the night, and when viewed from
whatever direction. Such vessels fhail ako carry a bright
white light on the bow-pnt cup. or upon one of the head
stays of the ve? e!, at a hefghf not exceeding feet from
the" howspi it cap, and in all case" it miM he so arranged as
to -how an unbioken light through an arc of the liotizon of
twenty-four points of the compass, viz: fr<>rn right ahead
to four point* abaft the beam on each side of the vessel; and
no sail shall be so set or managed a* to screen or interfile
vvitii these signal lights to show as above <le.-e!il ed."
In the same section it is provided that—
" ft shall be the dutvof the owner or master of every flat-
boat, keel-boat, eanaf-boat, barge, rait, or other river craft,
exceeding the burden of twenty tons, tn respect to which
no dilfetent provision i< made by law, when underway or
b<mg towed, or moored or at anchor during the night season,
on any navigable stream, river,or water* within the United
Stafe-s, to exhibit a bright white light in f-ueh manner as to
show the po-iiion of such flat boat, keel boat, canal-boat,
h:ugi\ ntr, or other river ctatf, exceeding the burden of
twenty ton^; and it shall be the duty of the ownei or master
of every feucu sailing vessel, flat-boat, keel boat, canal-boat,
bargd, "raft, or other river craft, exceeding the burden of
