1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
wiil inform the Senator that this day being set
apart for the consideration of private bills, it is not
in order to consider any other business, unless
otherwise directed by the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only want to present'
a petition.
Mr. IVEItSON. I have no objection to waiv-
ing the'taliing up of the Private Calendar until
we got through with the ordinary morning busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
regard that as the sense of the Senate, unless ob-
•'ected to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.^ CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Charles Grampp, praying that his pension may
be made to commence from the date of his dis-
ability •, which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of Samuel
Y. Mcrrick, William C. Ludwlg, Charles Mac-
alister, and S. Morris Wain, trustees, appointed
at a meeting of citizens of Philadelphia, praying
that the bill to establish certain, ocean post routes
between the United States and Europe, and to reg-
ulate the transportation of the mails thereon, and
to reduce the expenses thereof, now before Con-
gress, may become a law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Oiiice and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial of citizens
of Jefferson county, Virginia, praying the loca-
tion of a national foundcry at Shepherdstown, in
that county; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered,, Tliat the petition of James 'I1. V. Thompson, oil
the filed of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordrr&ty That the memorial of Captain John H. Mont-
gomciy, on tho files of the Senate, bo lefeired to the Com-
mittee on Claim?.
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following: bills from the House of Repre-
sentali ves were severally road twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 2) donating public lands to the sev-
eral States which may provide colleges forthc ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 62) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859—to the Committee
on Finance.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the pre-
emption laws of the United States to tho reserved
sections of land "within the grants to railroads in
Arkansas, and for other purposes.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVEftSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Bernard M.
Byrne, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(8, No. 282) for the relief of Bernard M. Byrne.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr.SlMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of James Mae-
caboy, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 283).for the lelief of James Maccaboy.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordcied to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of C. Edward Habicht,
administrator of J. W. P. Levis, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 284) for the
relief of C. Edward Habicht, administrator of J.
W. P. Lewis. The bill was read, and passed to
a sccond reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
WAGON ROADS.
Air. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, rriiatthe Committee on Mthtaiy Affairs be in-
stiucted to'ujqimc into the expediency of constiuetuig a
wagon road fiom Fott Smith, m Arkansas, to Albuquerque,
in New Mexico; and Irom Fulton, in Aikansa-, to £1 Paso,
iu New Mtneo; and repoit by bill or otherwise.
INDIANA MEETING OF -FRIENDS.
Mr. IYERSON. If there be no farther morn-
ing business, I move that'we take up the special
order, being the Private Calendar.
The motion*was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 46) to grant the right of
preemption in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly
Meeting of the Society of Friends.
Mr. MASON. This is a proposition, as I un-
derstand, to grant a portion of the public lands to
a religious society for the purposes of that society,
which are, as far as I can understand the bill from
the reading of it, prescribed in the act, undertak-
ing, on the part of Congress, to regulate matters
with which, in my humble judgment, we have
nothing to do. I did not distinctly hear the bill,
for I was interrupted at the moment, but I under-
stand that it was to give them a preemption right.
That policy has been instituted by the Govern-
ment, and is a very wise policy for the purpose of
securing the actual settlement of the lands by the
citizens of the United States, not for the purpose
of making donations to charitable institutions. I
move that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Virginia to-
day, as on a former occasion, has stated what
he understood to be the bill, and without giving
any opportunity for correction, has concluded his
speech by some motion, intending to put an end
to the whole affair. Now, the Senator has alto-
gether misapprehended the bill. He cntiiely mis-
understands the case which is before the Senate.
I do not think it is possible for any Senator to ex-
amine the question without being in favor of the
passage of the bill.
Nearly halfacentury ago, Mr. President, when
the Shawnee tribe oflndians were wild, livingm
the northwestern portion of the State of Ohio,
tins Society of Friends, through three of its or-
ganizations nominally—I believe, the Indiana
Meeting, the Ohio Meeting, and the Baltimore
Meeting—undertook the pioneer mission to the
Indians m that portion of the country. They es-
tablished their school—for it was only a school
for Indian children—at Wapakousta, m the State
of Ohio. The whole care of the mission belongs
to the Indiana Meeting, which is the paity named
in the bill. The Government of the United States
bought the lands of the Shawnees, extinguished
the Indian title in Ohio, and removed them to
Kansas Territory, and they gave them the lands
on which they were finally settled. They were
not lands of the United States any longer. The
fact is, 1 believe, they had a patent from the Uni-
ted States, issued by President Tyler.
In 1854, about the time the Territory of Kan-
sas was organized, a treaty was concluded with
the Shawnees, in which they reserved to them-
selves two hundred thousand acres of land, stip-
ulating that certain proportions of that reserved
tract should inure to the benefit of the missions
established among them. Here is the section. J
should have contented myself with stating the
substance of it, but for the fact that there seems
to have been such a disposition to put the bill olF
without learning anything about it. Here is the
second article of the treaty, or rather an extract
from it:
uOf the land^ lyins* east of the parallel line aforesaid,
there shall fim be set apart to the Missionary Society of tho
Metbodis-t Episcopal Church South, to include the impiove-
monts of tho Indian Manual Labor School, throe *eetioiw of
land; to the Friend*' Shawnee Laboi School, including
the impiovemenfs there, three bundled and twenty acica
oi'land ; and to the Amenean I>apti?t Mispionaiy Union, to
include the nnptovements wheie the superintendent of their
school now le.sidc?, one bundled and sixty acies of hind ;
aNo. five acres or' land to the Shawnee Methodist Chinch,
nio!iidin<r tho meeting-house and ^rave-yard ; and two acres
of land to the Shawnee Baptist Chinch, including the mcct-
ui£-hou>e and grave-yard."
This was a stipulation inserted by the Indians
themselves, m order to secure the continuance of
the mission schools organized by these religious
societies. It is in no sense a donation for any re-
ligious society as such. It is simply to protect
the schools established for the civilization of the
Indians: and I do not know that it is any demerit
in the school that its teachers bclongto either one
or another religious denomination. Although
these were established as missionary schools by
religious societies, they are schools; and as I say,
I do not think the schools are any the worse be-
cause they are under the control of religious so-
cieties.
The Indians stipulated that these two hundred
thousand acres oflandshouldbe reserved to them;
that they would take out of them these ^grants
here named, and any other grants that might be
necessary to give a certain quantity for all the
Shawnee people, so much to the heads of families
and those who are not, and that the residue of
the tractshould be reserved five years, and during
those five years, any of the Shawnee people
scattered and settled outside of the reservation,
who might come in, should be entitled to have
head rights or family rights, and the balance of
the tract, after that, should be sold by the Gov-
ernment, and the money paid over to the Shaw-
nees,.
Now, sir, it is discovered that the Shawnee La-
bor School, established by the Society of Friends,
is not so favorably situated in the location of the
lands set apart to it by the treaty as the Method-
ist society, which has three entire sections, there
being but one half section set apart for the So-
ciety of Friends, and the Indians themselves in
council have designated a tract of land to be added
to that for the purpose of furnishing woodland to
enable the school itself to be kept up. The In-
dians m council appropriated it out of their own
land. An application was made to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to confirm the location.
It was their land, it was their school; they were
satisfied with it. The Commissioner*of Indian
Affairs said he must refer it to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and he commended it
to his attention. This very bill was drawn by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs last in office.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office re-
ported that lie could not confirm this location un-
der the acts of Congress then in force, as it did
not come technically within the preemption laws,
and he advised the parties to apply to Congress
An extract of his letter is contained in the report
of the committee, commending it to Congress.
Now, instead of looking into the case, Senators
have risen three or four times—and not one Sena-
tor, but three or four of them—to set up a real
ghost, a stalking horse in the Senate, that we are
going to grant out the public land, in immense
quantities to religious societies, and that it is set-
ting a new precedent. Why, sir, the first prece-
dent I know almost in the history of this Govern-
ment of a grant of public land, is a grant to the
United Brethren, commonly called the Moravians,
to induce them to civilize the Indians. It was a
grant to a religious missionary society foi the ex-
press purpose of establishing schools among the
Indians. I believe it is one of the first grants in
the history of the Government; but that is not this
case. I only state that to show Senators that it
sets no precedent at all. This land belongs to the
Shawnees; they reserved it in their treaty with
us. They owned the whole tract, and had a pat-
ent for the whole tract, and they agreed to sur-
render it up to us at a certain valuation, all ex-
oepiingthese two hundred thousand acres of land.
They piopose out of that land, which is theirs,
and ihe proceeds of which arc to go to them, if
there is any suiplus, to enlarge tho temporary
giant to ibis school, so as tenable it to be made
more effirs&cious. As I said, they are willing to do
it; the Indian Office is willing to do it; the Land
Office is willing to do it; and the Committee on
Public Lands has twice reported in favor of it.
The bill passed the Senate at the last Congress,
and failed in the House for lock of time; and now
when it comes up at tins session, as often as the
bill comes up, some Scnatot rises and says if he
understands it, it means thus and so, and theie-
upon he want.s it laid on the table without wait-
ing for any explanation. It seems to me that the
proposition is trifled with, and I say so with all
respect. It is a fair proposition. It proposes
nothing dishonest.
At my suggestion, in committee, there was a
section added to the bill to guard against any pos-
sibility of abuse, providing that they should never
sell the land without the conscntoi Congress, so
as to prevent the least speculation. I have no
doubt that if it is found necessary, for increasing
the usefulness of the school, that the land shall be
sold, Congress will grant the right to sell it; but,
for the express purpose of preventing any specu-
lation, I inserted that clause.
Now, sir, what does the bill propose ? I come
lastly to that. It proposes that they shall have
the title to this tract of land, which is given to
