1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2773
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garnett,
and Washburn of Maine, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes GO, noes 62.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, as a substi-
tute for the Senate amendment,
Mr. GARNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Taylor of New York, were appointed,
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes not counted.
So the amendment to theamendment was agreed
to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Pkc. 10. And be itfurtkei enacted, That the eleventh sec-
tion of the act of Congress tipptoved September 4,1^41, on ti-
tled "An act to appropriate the ptocced* of the public lands
and to ^rant preemption rights," be so amended that appeals
from the di-tuci ollicei.ni oa-eof eonievi between deferent
settlors for t'.ie light <>1 pieemptmn. shall heieafrer be deci-
ded In the Commissioner ol the Geneial Land Office, whose i
decision shall be tinal, unle.-s appeal therehom shall be !
taken to the Sccieury of the Intenor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in this
amendment. /
The amendment was concurred in. | ✓
Fiftieth amendment: jf
Sue. 11. be it further enacted. That the proper ac-
counting officers of the TieaMiry be directed to ascertain,
among the expenditure? oi the Slate o( Maine in defend-
ing the lerntory heunot'oie in di-puu: with Gie<it llritam,
tin' amounts paid in boriowum money for tho>e expendi-
tures beyond the rate of m\ pes centum per annum, wlietbei
in the foim of discount, oi othenvi-e. mallows in which
the principal oi'^uch e\pendituie , and interest up<>n t'acm
at tin-1atf ( fsi\ per ceninm. have heietoSore been i eiuud"d
bv said State to the United Static ; and that the Seetvlaiy
be dnected to p\y the amount so ascertained out oi any
xnoncy-m the Troa=my not otherwise appropriated to any
propei !y atithoiized officer of said State. In making the
aset'uainmeiu herein directed, the accountingolhcei- ^haH
compute the pnricipal and mteiestof ilie diffnence between
the ea-di i eeosved bv Maine in negotiating stock-and notes,
and the nominal amount of sueh stocks and norland the
interest accrued tlieieon. and m ca?es where .Maine wa^
ot)!if>cd. in iwotiatins foi moneys, to iiicitM^e the rate of
interest on previous "loan*, the amount of sueh mciease
shall be computed and allowed, but not so as to reckon in-
terest upon i uteres.
Mr. .T. GLANCY JONES. The fiftieth amend-
ment falls under the same class as the forty-eighth
amendment; and the Committee of Ways and
Means has recommended an amendment similar
to 'that which has just been adopted to the forty-
eighth—a proviso that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall report the facts and law to Congress at
its next session. This amendment applies to the
Aroostook war on the northern boundary. But
the principle of our opposition is this: that this
is not the proper mode of legislation for such a
question; and the Committee of Ways and Means
not being able at this late hour to get at a full
statement of facts, recommend an amendment le-
quiring the Secretary of the Treasury to rcpoi t all
the facts of the case at the opening of the next
session, when we can act advisedly on the sub-
let.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state, m
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
1 think this amendment comes in_ appropriately
here. There is an existing law tor it. to wit, a ^
treaty of the United Siates; and there is no place i << TliattSic prop
so fitting and appropriate for it as 111 an appropn- i; and ibey are tieir
ation bill. In the next, place, this amendment has
lio resemblance whatever to the amendment on
which we have been just acting. It provides spe-
cifically for the State of Maine, and for no other
State, and piovides for paying a sum certain, or
which can be ascertained and made certain in ten
nvnutes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Can the gentle-
man tell me the amount due under that law?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 have not
computed it, but my information is that it will ji-une hythc United States. 2d. That
he in the neighborhood of forty thousand dollars, i: paid on any turn on winch said State
Mr T GLANCY JONES. Would my friend !i either pay or lee interest as aforesaid.
iV-i I . «  . .!_< 1 i.J , "]\T   /I ennivi f r\ mfl that
what has been agreed to be refunded under a treaty-
stipulation.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Then, by the
express rules of the House, no appropriation to
carry out a treaty stipulation can be put in any
other bill. It must be put in a bill by itself.
Mr. WASHBCJRN, of Maine. There is no
law or rule to prevent an amendment of this kind,
which is to give a construction to an act of Con-
gress made necessary by the treaty of Washing-
ton, by which Maine was to receive the amount
agreed to be refunded to her under that treaty.
The facts are these: Maine issued her six per
cent, bonds, and was obliged to sell them 111 the
market for five per cent. The treaty provided
that she should be refunded the expense of de-
fending her territory, and a part of this expense
was this difference of one per cent. That is the
whole case. The treaty provided that she should
be reimbursed and paid every dollar that she had
expended out of her treasury. Her six per cent,
bonds she was obliged to sell at five per cent , and
she now simply asks that the diilerence be made
up to her. A similar case occurred in Virginia
where she advanced $300,000 at seven per cent.,
for which she only recei\ed six per cent. The
committee of the Senate was unanimous; the Sen-
ate was unanimous, or nearly so; and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs in this House was
unanimous, and the Committee of Claims was
unanimous in recommending an appropriation for
this purpose; and I do submit, Mr. Chairman,
that there is no necessity or occasion whatever for
sending to the other end of the avenue to obtain
information. We have all the information that
we require. The language of the treaty is plain
and explicit that the expenses shall be^refunded
to the State. Now, inasmiu h as she paid one per
cent, on a certain amount of bonds more than «he
received, and paid it in good faith, she asks that
she be reimbursed that loss. I desire to have read
by the Chnlt a report made 111 the Senate by Mr.
' Polk, of Missouri.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to add
: the following to the amendment:
i And flic amount po found due to the State of Maine«hall
i be ciedirrd to said Stale on tin* amount due bv that Statu
, to the United States on tne smplus revenue deposited with
i the Suite of Maine.
'■ The amendment of the Senate concedes the
; fact that this Government has paid Main? all the
; principal and six per cent, interest on the amount
: she advanced ill defending thatdisputed territory
i between the State of Maine and the British Prov-
' inces; and this amendment is to pay for all the
: losses of Maine in shaving her bonds, no matter
i at what discount, or at whaf interest she paid or
' promised to pay. I do not think it is nght to pay
j her the excess of exchange and discount which
! she paid for the money which she raised for that
! purpose.
: Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gem^e-
; man is wronginstatmgthatshcshaved herbonds;
j she did not;"and this amendment only provides
' for paying to Maine the difference between the
' five pei ctjnt. which she actually leceivetl, antWhe
six per cent, which paid on her bond5*. 1 his
1 amendment is to reimburse Inn* that difference,
1 and the interest on the amount; that is to say,
•just to make her whole, as you have agreed to
do. Now, wiil you do it?
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. ^ Here is the act
passed on the 3d of March, 1851:
ei accounting officer- of the Trea-uiy be,
■b*. .uiiliOM/.tMl ciwl dnected to liquidate
„.,.i •ii'tt io the cldiii'i of the State of Maine acamsttho Uni-
ted Slates loi nuero-t upon money borrowed and actually
e.xpended In herioi The protection ot the norrhea-iem i.on-
ticr of >aid State during the years 1^59. 1S40, and 1M1 .
and the sum so found to he due to sa>d State shall lie paid
out of any money in the Trea>ury not oihei\vi>e appiopn-
ated
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That m ascertaining
tin3 amount of intc-est. a? afore-aul, due lo the State ot
Mune. the following rules shall sjovern : l^t. Tnat interest
eduill not be computed on any Mini which Maine has not
expended fot_ the use and benefit of the United Slates, as
evidenced by the amount refunded ot- repaid to the State ot
• - • - ' "" • no mteiest shall be
nf Maine did not
from Maine be willing to give the General Gov
ernment crcdit for the nvriount of its deposits 111 j
Maine under the act of ]83G? ■
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did I understand ,
the gentleman to that this amendment was ;
to carry out the provisions of a treaty? ;
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is to refund '
Now, it does seem to me that this law covered
the entire case.
[Her'-1 the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to know whether I
can now submit an amendment to theamendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at the present time.
Mr MORRILL. Then I merely give notice
that I desire to submit an amendment at the proper
Lime, that the State of Maine shall receive in cur-
rent com of the United States the sum so provided
for, unless the States of Maryland and South Car-
olina shall first refund the sums paid to those
States.
Air.'STANTON. I have a single remark to
make in opposition to theamendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee; and it is this: I voted
with the gentleman'from Tennessee to apply his
principle of making ail offset to all the States.
The committee voted that down. I cannot go
with him now, to discriminate and to apply to
one State what the House refused to apply to all.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment; and it was not agiced to.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to add a proviso,
that the sum appropriated shall notexceed $10,000.
Now, in addition to the law read by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, which shows the settlement
in regard to that matter, I desire to call attention
to the act of 3d March, 1843, which contains,
among other things, these two sections:
" Six. 4. -lind tie it further enacted, That tlie sum of
,«300,000 be. and the same is hereby, appropnated out of any
inonev in the Tiea^urv not otherwise appropriated, to be
paid in equal moieties to the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts. in eotiloimity with the provisions of the fifth article
of the <aid treaty  
" Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty ot the pioper officers of the Tieasuiy to audit and pay
the aeeount3 ot the States of-Maine and Massachusetts for
a!i clauih for expenses incurred by them m protecting tile
heretotore disputed territory on the northeastern frontier of
tlie United Slater, and making a survey thereof, as pro-
vided hv the fifth aitiele of said treaty ; and the sum of not
exceeding $10.79-) ,95 for Massachusetts, and §206,934 79
for Maine, i^ heiebv appropnated, om of any money not
otheivviae appiopnated, m satisfaction of said accounts."
Now, sir, it appears that, shortly after this con-f
j troversy was adjusted, Congress passed an act to,
I fulfill the obligation as to the $300,000 for each of
j those States; and further provided that a certain
sum should be paid to Massachusetts for protect-
ing herself in that war, and that a certain other
much larger sum should be paid to Maine for the
purpose of covering her expenditures in thateon-
! nection. Subsequently, on tlie 3d of March, 1851,
! another act was passed on this subject, for the
i purpose of adjusting the question in connection
with the interest due in this case. That act was
; passed by Congress, and became a law. The
' matter was settled under that act, as between the
States of Maine and Massachusetts and the Uni-
! ted States. Now, it does seem to me that, after
| the passage of those acts, and the settlements
i under them, after an interval of eight years, it
; ou^ht to be regarded as a concluded, settled,and
| closed transaction. If this thing is to go on, there
{ is no telling where it is to end; and there is no
! sort of propriety in Congress undertaking to ad-
just any matter in controversy between the Fed-
eral Government and a State; because it is ap-
parent that you will legislate year after year to
reopen the transactions and readjust them, and
continue to make appropriations, until no settle-
, inent made by the United States can be regarded
as a final settlement with a State.
Now, it seems to me singular that when this
act of 1S.)1 was passed, all matters for which the
United Slates were liable m connection with the
' defense of this northeastern boundary should not
have been embraced in that settlement, that any
! items should have been omitted or passed by, and
1 should have remained unadjusted for a period of
I seven years thereafter without action of Congress
' at the instance of the State of Maine or any of the
; parties interested. I think that we ought to re-
gard these things as at an end some time; and that
when we have paid the principal in 1843 and ad-
1 justed the interest in 1851, and when an interval
of seven years has elapsed from tnat time to the
piesent and no claim has been made on us, we
[ ought at least to look info the matter a little more
; carefully than we are doing. It is nothing more
i than a ciaim against the Government at best. It
: is one which, if presented here, ought to bo re-
ferred to a committee, and there considered; or
1 which, perhaps, might, with more propriety, be
i referred to that tribunal which we have organized
here for the adjustment of questions of this sort,
: which has judicial powers, the means of taking
; testimony, and a fair opportunity of arriving at a
j correct conclusion. _
j Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I desire to address a
i few remarks to the committee in reply to the gen-
j tie man from Virginia, of the "Ways and Means.
