mi
T E CONGRESSWMAL G^QBE.
February 11,
."^y\ Bassett, late a master in the Navy, praying
?9 be allowed the difference between the pay of
master and that of lieutenant for the time he acted
as a lieutenant; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DUIltlEE presented the petition of Edson
Sherwood and others, of Green Bay, Wisconsin, j
graying for the confirmation of title to certain lands \
claimed by the Domestic and Foreign Missionary |
Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr, DIXON presented the petition of Harris
& Morgan, late "contractors for carrying the mail
from New Orleans to Indianola, praying that the
Postmaster General may be required by law to
gettle their accounts upon principle s of justice and
equity; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Po.st Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution of
Legislature ©f Michigan, in favor of appro-
priations for the improvement of the harbors of
|few Buffalo, St. Joseph, Kalamazoo, Black
fcafce, Grand River, Muskegon, White River,
Pere Marquette, Saginaw Bay, Monroe, Thunder
Bay,Marquette,Ontonagon,Mackinac,and Che-
boygan; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, in favor of an appropriation for
the repair of the St. Mary's Falls ship canal; wh ich
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Morrow county, Ohio, praying that the .public
lands may be reserved for the use of actual bettlers
only; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. '
Mr. JONES presented two memorials of citi-
zens of Sioux City, Iowa, praying that a grant of
land be made to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the Missouri river to the western
boundary of Nebraska, in the. direction of the
South Pass in the Rocky Mountains, with a
branch in the direction of Oicyon and Washing-
ton Territories; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the memorial of Sa-
rah A. Sarle and Elizabeth Finneger, heirs-at-law
of Thomas Arnold, an o/licer m the revolution-
ary war, praying to be allowed half pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
TROaPS FOR UTAH.
Mr. SEWARD. I present a communication
from Captain William P. Puff, a citizen of the
State of New York, residing at Albany, in which
he states to the Senate that he desires to contribute
his aid to the extent of his abilities in sustaining
the authority of the United States in the Territory
of Utah; and lie submits a plan in which his ser-
vices can be engaged, and solicits the action of
Congress upon it.. He requests me to have 1 us
petition read; but as the rules of the Senate do not
allow that, I will state very bneily what this plan
is. It is to raise a regiment of a thousand men in
ten companies, to be armed with the Minnie rifle,
himself to be the colonel of the regiment, and the
field officers and staff to be appointed by himself;
the officers of the line to be elected by the respect-
ive companies; the pay to be the pay of officers
and soldiers of the Aimy of the United States;
the term of service to be the duration of the diffi-
culties which it is expected to assist in subduing;
the compensation extra to be thiee hundred and
twenty acies of land to each officer and soldier at
the close of the service, on condition that he be-
comes an actual resident of the Territory. The
proposition, therefoie, is similar to the one adopt-
ed in the conquest of California. I will barely state,
in presenting this communication, that it is made
in good faith, and that the poison who makes it
is a man of respectability and character, of mili-
tary skill and acquirements, and a patriotic citi-
zen. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Elthidue Law ton, on the
filos of the Senate;, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BICrGS, it was
Ordered^ That ihe memorial ot John U. Jlmton, on lli-"
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee oa the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of James Maccnboy, on the
file? of the Senate, be leretrod lOthe Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordcrc I. That the petition of John J. DeWolfe, on the
files of thti Senate, be leibited to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the petition and accompanying papeis of the
cictk1?, watchmen, and others hi the Washington navy-yaid.
hi relation to their compensation, presented during the last
Congiess.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Eliza Evans be
withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That John bnaw have leave to withdraw his
petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, Thai William B. Draper have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, Thar the petition of Emanuel P. Stedman, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to tiie Committee on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered. That the memonal of Itezekiah Millei. on the
files of the Senate, be referied to the Committee on Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No.
133) to extend an act approved the 3d day of Feb-
ruary, 1853* entitled An act to continue half pay
to certain widows and orphans;" which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY NEXT.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Oidcrcd% That when the Senate adjourn to day, it be to
Monday next.
ARMY ABSENTEES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ilaolrcd, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
u'ij nested to mtoim the Senate what officers of the Aimy, if
any, belonging to the seveial tegiment-s in service in the tield
oi at i emote or fiontiei -nations, arc now absent fiom duty,
and the cause of such absence in each ease.
BLUNT'S PATENT.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval Affairs he m-
stmeteil to inquiie into the expediency of adoptinc, in the
Navy ot the United States, Blunt's patent lor detaching
boats from their davits in a heavy sea-way.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from-the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Jane Stone-
ham, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
TURKISH VICE ADMIRAL.
Mr, MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate instructing them to inquire whether it
was in the contemplation of the Government of
Turkey to send an officer of high rank in the
Tuikish navy to the United States, wuh a view
to build a ship-of-the-hne of three decks for the
use of that navy, and in such event to inquire
whether it would become the executive depart-
ment of the Government to give him a proper re-
ception, have instructed me to make a report,
accompanied by ajoint resolution. Theoccasion,
as [ am informed at the Department of State, is
one that, if acted on at all, is imminent, because
the arrival of that officer m the United States is
expected every day. The resolution is very brief,
and I ask the present consideration of it that the
end may be attained. 1 think no debate will
ausc upon it.
The joint resolution was read a first time. It
is as follows:
Joint resolution for the reception of Vice •Admiral Mehmed
Packet, of the Turkish navy, and to facilitate the objects
of his mission in superintending the construction of aves-
<,c!-of-war in the tinted States.
It having been made known to Congress that it has been
the plea-nrc ot the Government of Tuikey to diryet that
Vice Admiral Mehmed Pasha of the Turkish navy should
proceed to the United States for the purpose of sapeun-
tendmg the conjunction of a ship-of-vvai of large eia^s. at
one of the ship yards of this country, and that it would be
agreeable to the Sultan thathis officei should have the ben-
efit of the skill and experience of tho naval service of the
United States, the better to effect the object of Ins mission:
Therefore,
' Resolved hij the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That thp Presi-
dent be requested to cause Vice Admiral Mehmed Pasha,
of the Tuikish navy, to be received on his amval rn the
I United States in a manner suitable to hts rank, and that
I every facility conducive to the objects of his mission, ni
every part of the Unifd States, he may be desirous to visit,
be extended to him and his suite.
Mr. MASON. The report which accompanies
the resolution states that the committee sent the
resolution to the Department of State, and re-
ceived in reply a copy of a letter from the Minis-
ter of the United States at Constantinople, stating
the fact that the Sultan had determined to senu
one of the highest officers of his navy to the Uni-
ted States, to contract for and superintend the
building of a ship-of-the-line of the largest class,
for the use of his navy; and that the order had
been given by the Sultan against a good deal of
European influence that had been attempted to be
exercised againstit. Theactof the Sultan showed
a persevering effort on his part to avail himself of
the skdl and science of our naval constructors by
building a ship at one of our ports. The Minis-
ter further represented that a letter had been writ-
tcn-to him by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Turkey, requesting that letters would be furnished
to the vice admiral to the authorities of this coun-
try of a character which would enable him the
better to effect the object of his mission.
We know, on a former occasion, when an officer
of inferior rank of the Turkish navy was sent
here by the Turkish Government, more for the
purpose of acquiring general information of the
condition of our country and us resources, that,
in conformity with wlxxt was understood to be the
usage of eastern nations, it was thought proper,
and Congress sanctioned it, that he should be re-
ceived in a manner appropriate to the occasion,
and to the usage of eastern countries, and an appro-
priation of #10,000 to defray his expenses while
in this country. We have reason to beheve thai
the reception of that officeroperatcd very favorably
upon the Turkish Government and Turkish peo-
ple, the character of whom is well known to our
countrymen, m inducing them to cultivate more
intimate relations with this country. It has been
thought, and is so expressed in the report of the
committee, that a civility of this kind will bear
very abundantfruits, by opening new intercourse
and new relations between our people and the re-
mote people belonging to that eastern country.
The resolution simply requests the President 10
extend these civilities to the naval officer when
he me y arrive. It will in vol v e, I daie say, the ex-
penditure of money, but to no very great extent.
I was informed thai of the $10,000 appropriated
in 1850 only four thousand or five thousand were
expended, and the rest was returned to the Treas-
ury. I gave it as my opinion to the Secretary of
State, that in order to have the resolution passed,
wo should not make an appropriation of money in
it; but for myself I entertained no doubt that what-
ever expense might be incurred, within reason-
able hni -ts, would be hereafter met by Congress.
Mr. BIGGS. It is with much diffidence, Mr.
President, that I interpose my objection to this res-
olution; butitstrikes me that it is one of that class
which are intended merely to exhaust a largo
amount of money without any coircspondmg ad-
vantage.* I cannot see the propriety of the reso-
lution, unless it be to commit Congress in advance
to the appropriation of public money to pay the
expenses of this distinguished naval officer who
is to comc,from Turkey. It occurs to me that is
the only effect of the resolution. As a matter of
policy it may be appropriate, but I doubt the pro-
priety of it; and 1 doubt it the more at the present
time, considering the state of our Treasury. There
is nothing at all said in the resolution about the
amount to be appropriated, but the Senator from
Virginia tells us that on some former occasion
$10,000 was appropriated to pay the expenses of
some minister or officer from Turkey. I may be
acting under a misapprehension as to the propri-
ety of this resolution, but it seems to me that the
effect of it ia to vote substantially a large appro-
priation from the Treasury at a time when we
ought not to make such an appropriation at all
