1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
be printed, and its further consideration postponed
until twelve o'clock on Wednesday next.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to the mem-
bers of the House that the evidence in the case
upon which my friend from Tennessee has just
made a report, is printed, and is in the document
room.
PURCHASE OF WILKINS'S POINT.
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am authorized to state, on behalf of the
select committee to investigate matters connected
with the purchase of Wilfcins's Point by the Gov-
ernmpnt, that they met this morning, and were
unable to agree upon a majority report; that there
will be four different statements from members of
that committee. I was directed by the committee
to offer a resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to my col-
league upon the committee that he had better de-
fer the matter until to-morrow morning, for man-
ifest reasons.
Mr. HASKIN. My object is only to facilitate
the printing: of the reports.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection. My
colleague knows the reason why I made the sug-
gestion.
Mr. HOPKINS. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the committee this difficulty; there is still,
as he is aware, a collateral inquiry pending before
that committee. Under the pariiamentaiy law, if
the report is presented now, the committee is dis-
solved, and we should be arrested in the progress
of that inquiry. I interpose no objections to the
presentation of the repoit now, if the committee
can be continued.
Mr. HASKIN I have no objection to making
this a partial report, so far as to facilitate the print-
ing of the report, as the session is drawing near
to a close.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, then,
that the report is a report in part only.
Mr. HASKIN. Only in part.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to that.
The gentleman from Virginia has stated the fact
that we hav.e yet witnesses to examine, and I de-
sire that we should have an opportunity to do that
by authority of the House, if that authority can
be granted to the committee, I have no objection
to the course'proposed by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. HASKIN. The committee directed me
to submit this resolution as a report, in part.
The evidence has been closed, but there is a col-
lateral issue which comes up to-morrow.
The resolution was lead, as follows:
Rewired. That the testimony tak'*n before the special
committee apppomtcii to invo-figate tlx? facts and encum-
stanoes connected with the puiciia^e and pale of property
at WilkinsV Point, New V'oik, in 1857, for foiuticauon pur-
poses, Willi aecompunwns documents, and the seveial im-
ports of the mcinbets of the committee, bo printed, and
the consideration of the subject postponed Uil the JOth
day of Jane. 1&3S, at twelve o'clock, in.
Mr. RUSSELL. I would inquire what is the
propriety of making a partial report now? Why
not wait till to-morrow?
Mr. HASKIN. The reports are all ready now
for printing. The object is to get the testimony
and the reports printed before the adjournment,
so that members may have them before them next
Thursday, when the consideration is to be con-
tinued. I call the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to in-
quire whether any report is submitted?
Mr. HASKIN. That is the only report.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman add to hh
resolution:
And that the committee have leave to prosecute and com-
plete the mquny now before them.
Mr. HASKIN. I consent to that amendment,
and I call the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from New York to say thdttbe committee
agreed to the resolution fixing the time of hearing
the case ?
Mr. HASKIN. A majority of the committee
have done so.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not so understand it.
Thursday is the day of adjournment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Was this com-
mittee authorized to report at any time?
The SPEAKER.. Does the Chair understand
tlis gentleman from Missouri objecting?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I object, if it
is not a privileged question.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Has™.) Was the
committee authorized to report at any time?
Mr. HASKIN. That I do not know without
referring to the resolution; but 1 move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from New York presented that reso-
lution, and the Chair had it read. Is it not now
too late for any one to object to the reception of
the report?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will recollect that the gentleman from
New York stated he rose to a privileged question;
which left the Chair under the impression, as he
supposes it did the House, that the committee
had a right to report at any time. The Chair
thinks it operated as a surprise to the House.
Mr. COLFAX, if there be no alarm felt at the
receptfon of the repoits, the best way is to let
them come in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There will be no
'■ objection to the reports being presented in proper
j: time. I move that the House do now adjourn,
j: The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past eight o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
j journed.
I ^       •
j IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 8, 1s58.
1; The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
! CREDENTIALS. |i
II - Mr. MASON presented the credentials of the
' Hon. R. M. T. Huxter, elected a Senator of the ■!
United States by the Legislature of Virginia for ;■
six years, commencing on the 4th day of March, j'
; 1859; which were read, and ordered to be placed 1
! on the files. i
\ Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the credentials :
|i of the Hon. Clement C. Clay, ji., elected a Sena- j
j. tor of the United States by the Legislature of Ala- j
bdum for six years, commencing on the 4th day !
of March, 1859; which were read, and ordered to i
j! be placed on the files. |
l| EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. |
li The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- j
j ate a message from the President of the United 1
!i States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of t
; State, together with the documents by which it I
i is accompanied, as embracing all the information j
/ which it is practicable oi expedient to commum- j
!i cate in reply to the resolution of the Senate of >
the 31st ultimo, on the subject of guano; which j:
was ordered to lie on the (able. !■
j The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the j<
;! Senate a report of the Postmaster General, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate requesting \
jj information in relation to the Post Oiiice at San ,
jl Francisco, California, j
ii Mr. BRODERICK. I move that it lie on the j
1! table for the present. I desire to look into it. I
! may, after I have done so, perhaps move to j
, j print it, |
: The communication was ordered to lie on the '■
j; table. A subsequent motion by Mr. Yvlke to !,
print it was referred to the Committee on Print- ;
||ing. j
ij PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. !'
j: Mr. .TONES presented the petition of Thomas
M. Folk, praying for an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen- !
sions. |
I1 Mr.GrWIN presented the memorial of Francis ;
Huttman, praying remuneration for losses ?.us- 1
tamed in consequence of illegal proceedings of the .
collector of the customs at "Son Francisco, Cali-
forma; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. !
Mr. POLK presented the petition of Thomas i
Allen and others, praying that certain land offices i
in Missouri may be closed, under authority of law, :
and consolidated at St. Louis: which was referred i
to the Committee on Public Lands. \
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. i
Mr. IVER.SON, from the Committee on Claims, j
to whom were referred the papers relating to the \
ciaim of J. M. Pommares, submitted a report, ]
accompanied by a bill (8. No.44'2) for the relief j
cif Ms PdmmartSi Tlfc bill was r'eatl* and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John P. Figh and
John H. Gmdrat, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the petition and papers in the case of
John P. Figh and John H. Gmdrat be referred to the Court
of Claims.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Peter N. Paillet, re-
ported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent,and agreed to:
Resolved. That the petition and accompanying papers in
the case of Peter N. Paiflet. proving indemnity for losses
su-tamed during the wai with Mexico, he, and the same are
herebv, refeitcd tojhe Court of Claims for examination of
tiie chataetei and amount of looses sustained by said peti-
tioner whether of cood*, ware<, merchandise, or money, as
alleged in said pennon, and to leport to Congress the evi-
dence in the case, with the opinion of the court upon the
legality or equity of said claim*
He also, from the same committee, to whom
Was referred the bill (H. R. C. C. No. 84) for
the relief of Ferdinand Coxe, rejDorted it without
amendment. '
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 369) to amend an act entitled "An act making
approptiadons for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department," approved July
30, 1854, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of H. R. Schoolcraft,
reported a bill (S. No. 643) for the relief of Henry
R. Schoolcraft; which was read, and passed to a
second readme:.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
440) for the relief of James Tilion, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred several petitions of citizens of Mis-
souri on the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 444)
to consolidate at St. Louis, Missouii, such land
districts as may be discontinued in that State;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 333) to establish an
additional land district m the State of Minnesota,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 631)
granting an invalid pension to John Holland, of
Arkansas, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 14) to confirm the title m a certain tract
of land m the State of Missouri to the heirs and
legal representatives of Thomas Maddm, de-
ceased, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 29) to refer
the case of Joseph Valliere, deceased, to the Court
of Claims, asked to be discharged from its farther
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a resolution of the Legislature of
California, t dative to land titles in that State; the
petition of John Phelps; and the petition of Wil-
liam Sawyer: asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution relative to the engraving and publishing of
a map of the explorations of Lieutenant Warren
in Nebraska Territory, reported in favor of print*
nig five thousand copies of the map; and the re-
port was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, with estimates of the cost of
continuing the publication of the charts of the
North Pacific ocean and Behiing's Straits expedi-
tion, reported against the printing, for the reason
that the charts arc not yet complete.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S.No.39) directing the printing
of certain reports therein mentioned, report it
back without amendment, and adversely. The
Superintendent of Public Printing has made a
careful examination; and he reports that die pru-
