1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17M-
the great danger that I consider involved in the
exercise of such a discretion as this ? Why, sir,
it is the tendency to subvert the Constitution in
one of its most important provisions. May 1 not
appeal to honorable Senators from the South, who
are so tenacious about the proper construction of
the Constitution, whorefuse to appropriate money
for rivers and harbors, or internal improvements
of any description, and who talk of the abuses
of the Government in expending the millions ap-
propriated for such unconstitutional objects? I
have always said that the danger of abuses and
excessive expenditures in this Government has
arisen, and will always arise, in the exercise of
powers clearly conceded—such as the war power.
It is almost unlimited; and it appears, by the prac-
tice we are getting into, that it is impossible to fix
any limit to this discretion that is exercised, in
cases not like this, (for this is rather an extraor-
dinary occasion,) but I think we otight to express
our opinions decidedly against it. The great leak
in the Treasury, I repeat again, is caused by the
exercise of unlimited powers by the Executive
Government not sufficiently controlled by Con-
gress; and m many cases it seems impossible to
control them.
What are to be the consequences of allowing
this to pass without—I will not say censure—but
without disapproval, or without any expression
of opinion in regard to it? A President, we know,
at one day in our history, and at no very late day,
involved the country in a foreign war without con-
sulting Congress, placed the country in such a
position that her dignity and honor seemed to
demand of Congress that they should recognize
* a declaration of wai^made by the order of the
President himself, in fact, though not in name.
He did not make war expressly, but he did it by
the movement of troops, just us m this case, in
one respect, though tiny. was on a larger scale.
So Mr. Buchanan, or any other President who
chooses to exercise power, can, at any time, in-
volve us in a foreign war by the use of the Army
and'Navy, under circumstances not contemplated
by the Constitution. The Mexican war was a
successful one; it terminated gloriously for our
arms; and it did not seem to be meet and fit that
Congress should make it a point to condemn or
censure m terms, either by resolution or in any
other mode, the act of that President in bring-
ing on the Mexican war. I will not call that an
abuse of the discretion, but I cult this an abuse of
the discretion which seems to be conceded to the
President over the Army and Navy of the United
States. The law did not authorize him to do it —
neither the act of 1795, nor of 1807, nor any other
law, because the object sought to be attained, as
I understand, is to execute the laws of the United
States in Utah Territory. The act of 1807 au-
thorized the President to use the regular Army m
suppressing an obstruction to the execution of
the laws of the United States m any Territory in
cases similar to those where the act of 1795 au-
thorized bim to employ the militia. But the pro-
vision is express, that all the prerequisites pre-
scribed by the law of 1795 mustfi^st be complied
with.
One of the requisites of the act of 1795 was,
that the President should be called on by the Le-
gislature, or, if the Legislature could not be con-
vened, by the Governor. No such preliminary
steps, no such prerequisites were complied with
in this case; and therefore it appears to have oc-
curred to the President himself that he could not,
'according to law, order this expedition; and he
puts it on the footing of a poise comitatus, sub-
stituted in the place of the regular posst of the
county, or community, or Territory, m which the
laws are obstructed. IJe assumes that the poweis
given to the marshal are not sufficient to prevent
obstructions to the execution of the law. 1 under-
stand that is the extent of the authority claimed,
so far as I am able to infer from anything stated
by the President himself. Everybody will sue at
once, that when the Governor was going through
a wild country, through hostile tribes of Indians,
or if he was going into a Territory where there
was danger that he would meet with obstruction,
a military escort would not be considered a vio-
lation of the discretion of the President m exer-
cising the duty of seeing that the jaws are faith-
fully executed. It would be proper m such a case
to furnish an escort to his own officer to enable
him to arrive safely at his destination, and be in-
stalled in power on the removal of one Governor
who might have it in his power to incite opposi-
tion to the induction of the new officer into his
seat. If information existed to show that such
resistance was probable, the sending of a military
escort would not be considered any abuse of dis-
cretion; on the contrary, it would-be proper.
But for any other purpose he has no power to
move what wo may call a great a^my in this coun-
try. The force originally contemplated for the
Utah expedition was three thousand; it was then
reduced to twenty-five hundred.and that was sup-
posed to be sufficient. Finally the movement was
made with fifteen hundred rank and lile of the
Army besides attendants—I suppose a thousand
others engaged in the transportation of baggage
and subsistence. That cannot fairly be considered
as furnishing a meie military escort, or a posse. If
it is not making war, it is moving the Army in
large numbers, and at the expense of a war estab-
lishment. Such a movement looks like an exer-
cise of the war-making power, and not a mere
execution of the laws in compliance with the con-
stitutional duty of the President. That is theli&ht
in which it presents itself to my view. Not only
that, but he contemplates stationing an army of
-live thousand six hundred men, besides the attend-
ants that would naturally belong to an army of
that size, and maintaining it for a year in Utah,
and for three or four years longer for anything
that you or I know. Why, sir, if those people
choose to takeiefuge in the gorges of the mount-
ains, and to evade coming in competition with the
regular forces of the United States, when is this
contest to end ? It appeals already that what has
been expended, together with what is contem-
plated for the supplies of next year, amounts to
six or seven million dollars. How of much that
is an excess over the regular exponditmes of the
Army 1 do not know. 1 have not looked into UnU
subject; but we see m this bill the extraordinary
amount of the expenditure, the largest portion of
which is extra. Look into the estimates and see
the extravagant cost of transportation and of sup-
plies furnished for the support of the army now
in Utah. We do not know that the estimates are
not small for them. It is in fact, if not making
war, a violation of his duty by the exercise of his
discretion, placing the country in a condition
where war expendstuies aie necessarily thiown
upon it; and 1 think some expression of opinion
on this practice is due from Congress to prevent
the exercise of such a discretion as this, suppos-
ing that he had a rioht under the law to exercise
any discretion in relation to it.
What is the abuse, after fill, it may be asked ?
Need I repeat again that, about the fust mouth
of the summer of the last year, this expedition
was organized; but it did not actually set out from
our frontier posts until nearly the last of Septem-
ber ? There was not a man of any cxpei lence or
sagacity, acquainted with the character of that re-
gion, and the difficulties, the dangers, the contin-
gencies attending the march <.f such a force, who
could have supposed that the army then starting j
would ieaoh Utah during the year, unless it was ,
an unusual season, and there was an absence of |
the ordinary n^or-s of winter15 Besides, although j
the expedition may have been thought of by the j
President befote the pressure in the monetary !
condition of the country was commenced, it was J
persisted in, notwithstanding lie must have fore-
seen that the Treasury would soon be exhausted
if it was persevered in, and the troops were not on
their march until the very season of frost com-
menced—as soon a* they reached the mountains,
at all events.
Under all these difficulties the expedition was
persevered in, and pressed forward, it may be
asked, what is he to dor is he not bound to
see that the laws aie faithfully executed ? Yes,
sir, he is; and there is an ordinal y mode pointed
out: ttielaws are to be cxecuied by civil process,
if it is in the power of the courts, through the
marshal of the Territory, to aerve it. It not,call
out a posse. If the difficulty is too great for that,
and the laws cannot still be executed, then, in a
certain form, the Legislature of the Territory, or
Governor of the Territory, may call on the Pres-
ident to furnish militia, or the legular Army, by
the act of 1807, in order to execute the laws,where
the obstruction is found to be too great for the
civil power. None of these circumstances existed
in this case. What laws of the United States
have been -violated, so far as we kno.w, -i° TJtah,,
up to thisdayj1 Where hag the.Government suf-
fered? In what respect? What' concern have
we to have regular judges therej-mttiogand hold-
ing courts to do justice, to prosei:ve''order^topun-r
ish crimes, and preserve the peace of the cooptfy
by the regular administration of-,justice ?t
have instituted courts among a-people who-.settle,
everything by a religious fanatical organization,-
who"" apply to no courts. They do not desire
them. Who are there that have lostarty rights,
that have not been duly protected, in consequence'
of the absence of those judges?
We have had no land system in operation there.
We provided for a surveyo^general; we proposed
to survey the land, and establish a land office in
that Territory; but it has never been done. Plow
much do we suffer by that? What is the injury
to the United States? I have heard it said that it
is not becoming the dignity of a great Govern-
mentlike this to let these people disregard the pro-
visions for their protection, or an administration
of justice, which they care nothing about—1 mean
as to trial of causes between individuals. Our
dignity or honor is not concerned in this respect
at all. The people in Utah are an anomalous
people in this country. Their condition is new.
What is the true policy of this Government? To
let them alone. By sending this army forward,
you probably have perpetuated their absurd re-
ligious and social organization for ten, perhaps
twenty years, longer than it would otherwise en*
dure. They have lived by persecution from the
first. There is not an intelligent man among them
who will not say that the persecutions with which
they have met m their former career have been a
great source of their rapid multiplication. Iam
acquainted with a very modest and intelligent
young man among them—I have not seen him
lor some time—as honest as any man, but on the
verge of derangement, though still intelligent.
Theie is a thin, paper-like wall between sanity
and insanity in him, so that while you converse
with lum you cannot but have a certain sort of
respect for his intellect and the flashings of his
genius, which ho exhibits even in animated con-
versation, jnuch more in his public addresses. He
admitted to me that they were indebted for their
laige increase to the persecutions they had en 
dured, making martyrs of men, ccmenting and
confirming their devotion to their absurd faith, he
not admitting it to bo absurd. You have, by this
false movement, probably perpetuated the social
system of that people witlun our boundaries for
ten years at least. If you had let them alone, they
would have dissolved in a few years by their own
dissensions. The young man of whom I have
spoken did not like the system of polygamy; it
was hardly mooted when I conversed with him,
He wou'd not tolerate such a thing for a moment,
and there arc a large portion of them who do not
adhere to the idea that it is a proper system.
Then, sir, you may ask, why ought the Pres*
ident to have appealed to Congress? That is the
next point which I will make. It may be asked,
whnt-would we have to advise? It was his duty
to appeal to Congress; to lay before Congressthe
difficulties that existed in Utah, and to ask their
opinion and their action. Pie ought to have con-
suited the national Legislature as to what it was
prudent to do. These irregularities existed for
two years before, though not perhaps to so great
an extent; but to some extent. There was the
same failure in the administration of law there,
and there were no causes arising for adjudication
by our judges. We could better have paid their
salaries than pay for this expensive expedition.
We should have advised him probably to let them
alone. We might have advised that it would be
inexpedient, under the circumstances, to perse-
cute these people, or to do anything that they
rmuht consider to be persecution, and to establish
non-intercourse with them, if you please; and to
inhibit (if we thought proper to consider them
in a state of rebellion against the United States
authorities) the immigration of additional Mor-
mons to strengthen them while in that Territory.
WV, might have thought proper to institute nego-
tiations to buy them off and send them out of our
territory, by furnishing them the means to_ buy
a new country, where they would be within no
other jurisdiction than their own; for instance,
on some island in the Pacific, Wfc might come
to an understanding by which our own emigrant
