1858.
THE €0N0E£SSIONAL GLOBE.
661,
The policy m.ay be a proper one, but I doubt very j
mac!) indeed the propriety of our adopting as a :
standing policy, that whenever a foreign Govern- f
mcnt sends a distinguished officer hete wu should ;
take him through the country and pay his ex- ;
peases I do not think itisa correct policy; and '
therefore I cannot give my consent without more j
light than I have now before me. i
Tnc VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator ob- j
jects, the resolution cannot be further considered
to-day. 1
Mr. BIGGS.* I do not object to its considera- j
tion, but 1 shall vote against the resolution. j
Mr. CLAY. I object. i
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. t Then the resolu-
tion cannot be read a second time to-day.
Mr. MASON". I move that the report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DRED SCOTT DECISION.
Mr. EVANS. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred a r solution providing for
payment to Mr. Wendell, for printing the Dred
Scott decision, have directed me to present a sub-
stitute for the resolution referred to them,accom-
panied by aspecial report, setting out the circum-
stances under which the opinions of the judges
were printed. I ask for (he present consideration
of the proposition. The committee propose to
strike out all after the word 41 resolved," in the
original resolution, and insert:
Thai there he p.tid, out of ihc contingent lurid of the Sen-
ate, to Cornelius Wendell, the sum of $6,1.>0, as a compen-
sation for publishing uvent) thousand copies ot the opinions 1
of the judges of the Supieme C  uit, in the case of Dred
Scott rs. John F. A. fcUnillonl ; the said sum to be in fall lor
copyright and all othei chaige> incident to the said publiea- \
tion. ]
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to the '■
consideration of this resolution. 1 shall only ask !
for the yeas and nays on it; and, m giving my I
vote against the resolution, I wish it to be under- j
stood that I do it principally, or altogether, on the ;
ground of my disappiobauon of the merits of the j
judicial opinion which was printed. i
Mr. HALE. I am not certain that I shall vote j
against this resolution. I understand the circum- j
stances under which the printing was done are |
such as involve the honor of the Senators who or- j
dered it, under the expectation that it would be i
paid for by the Senate, or else they are personally i
bound to pay it. 1 think the mode of ordering 1
the printing was exceptionable; but, considering
the manner in which it was done, I do not feel
disposed to object to it. But I do protest against
any inference to be drawn from this vote thai we
indorse the sentiments of those opinions; and I
think it somewhat objectionable to print in this
way a paper which is not regularly a Senate doc-
ument; but I shall make no objection. I am not
cei tain that I shall not vote for the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the question be taken on
this report by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, the Chair will put the ques-
tion on the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were oidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the original resolution, and the amendment,
reported from the committee.
The Secretary read them accordingly.
Mr. EVANS. As the yeas and nays are to be
taken, I desire that the report may be read; that
will explain the circumstances.
Mr. WILSON. I have no desire to have the
report read myself. I think I understand the whole
matter. I have no apprehensions or fears that
niy opinions in reference to the Dred Scott decis-
ion will be misrepresented by any vote I may
choose now to give. I rise simply to say that I
entirely disapprove of the manner in which the
printing was originally ordered J think it was
all wrong; and 1 shall be constrained, therefore,
to vote against paying for printing ordered in the
manner in which this was ordered, though I do
not mean to say that anybody in the Senate in-
tended to do anything improper.
Mr. SEWARD. I intended to call for the yeas
and nays on the final p^ssase of the resolution,
and not on the amendment of the committee. If
it may be so understood, let the anTendment pass.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I desire to hear there-
port read, as suggested by the Senator from South
Carolina. He says that will explain the trans-
action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York desires to withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, and have them taken on the final
passage of the resolution. By unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, it may be considered as with-
d rawn.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses ot tin- Senate, to whom was relerred a resolution in
the following words:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
is hereby, dnecred to pay to Cornelius Wendell, out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, the sum of fifteen cents per
one hundred pages lor twenty thousand copies, of the opin-
ions of thejudges of the Supreme Court of the United States
in tiie case of Died Scott vs. John F. A. Sandford,"
Have considered the &ame, and submit the following
report:
On the I lth of March, 18.37, the following resolution was
submitted by Mr. Benjamin:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate obtain, for
the Use of the Senate, fiom tne reporter of the decisions of
the Supieme Couit, twenty thou-and copies of the opinions
of the judges of ihe fc?upteme Coutl in the case of Oied
Scott is John F. A. Sandf'oid, the same to he furnished as
an extract from the forthcoming volume of the reports of
the decision ot that coin i during the December term, 1&56,
and that the sauit? lie paid lor out of the contingent fund of
the Senate, at a rate not exceeding liftcn cents pei one
hundred piisrc-s, provided the same -hall be delivered stitched
with papui coveis, in pamphlet foun."
Thi-* lesolutioii wa-> leleired the next day (March 12) to
the Committee to Audit and Contiol the Contingent Ex-
panses (if the Senate. On the same, or the next day, the com-
mittee met to consider this- and -jome ottier n atiei  wim-h
hud been ref'eried to them. On confutation it was thought a
didctcnt mode o! obtaining the same tesuli. \v;h pielerable,
and it was agiecd to submit, a  a. substitute lor the said tes-
olution, tlie following:
'• Resolved, That theie he printed, by the Printer of the
Senate, lor the use ol the Senate, twenty thousand copics
of the opinions of the judges* of the Supteme Court in the
case of Dred Scott rs. John F. A Sandiord, the same to be
^titched with paper eoveis m pamphlet lojin: Piovided,
That the copy-iight of the repoitei can be purchased for
,$1,500; the expense incurred in the execution of the above
resolution to be paid out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate."
This expense, according to an estimate furnished by the
Supetintendeutof Public Printing, would amount to $4,420,
exclusive ot the copy-rightand the cleiks'charges for copy-
ing.
A repott was accordingly prepared to cany out this de-
cision of the committee, hut the Senate, having resolved to
adjourn on the 14th, at one o'clock, no oppoitumty was
oihued to present it with any e;\puct.mon u could be'acted
on. On tin: day of the adjournment—but whether before
oi after, is not leeollected with certainty—there was a meet-
ing of certain members of the Senate who belong to the Dem- ;
ociatic party, at which theie was an understanding that the
lepoit of the case above .stated, should be printed; and, if
the Senate lefused to order the payment, it should he paid
for In those who sanctioned it. The statement of what was
done by the said meeting, is made by the chairman of this
committee, who was present at the meeting, and assented
to the agteement. How, or by whose direction, the work
has been done, is unknown to the committee ; but the woik
has been done, and lias either been, or is, ready for dis-
tribution among all the members of the Senate. A majouiy
of the committee have agreed to recommend to the Senate
the payment of a icasonable compensation to the Printer for
punting the said report; but in doni2 so. they are not dis-
posed to go beyond the estimates furnished by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing. These, with the addition for
the copy-right, and a small sum paid by the Printer to the
clerk of the Supienie Court for copying, amount to $6,lo0,
and is about a thousand less than would be paid under the
resolution referred to the committee.
in making this recommendation, your committee are in-
fluenced by these considerations:
1. If the repoit agreed on by the committee at the close
of the extra session in March la-sthad been made and acted
on, no doubt is entertained that the Senate would have con-
curred.
2. There had been diseased in that case great constitu-
tional questions. The argument was full and elaborate on
both sides, and it was important that these opinions should
be published in «ome authentic form, so that the people of
all political parties might have the means of deciding for
themselves.
Mr. D00LITTLE. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to detain the Senate by any remarks
on this occasion; but I desire to submit an amend-
ment, not that I object to the expenditure of the
money under the circumstances detailed in the
report, but that I do not desire to give my assent,
as a member of this body, to the"publication of
the opinions of the judges of the Supreme Court
in this case, under any circumstances where it
may be supposed that this body assumes to in- i
dorse certatn doctrines which are there laid down j
by a majority of the judges. I desire to offer an |
amendment, which, with the leave of the Senate*
I will rerd:
Jind resoled, That in ordering the same to be printed,
tin* body do not intend, m any manner, to sanction the opin-
ions CApiessod by several of the judges, that Congress tran-
scended iis constitutional powers in parsing the eighth sec-
tion of the act for the adiimsinn of the State of Missouri,
commonly called the Missoun compromise, nor. in any
manner, to sanction the opinion that the Constitution ot the
United States, of its own mice, carries the law of blavery
into any State or Territory of the United States.
As I have said, Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose now to discuss the questions wmch are in-
volved in th is amendmen t; but on some fa ture occa-
sion it will be my purpose to consider them, and
to show, as I shall endeavor to do, that the doc-
trine advanced that the Constitution of the United
States, of its own force, carries slavery into any
Territory or any State, is the most momentous
and revolutionary doctrine that has ever been pro-
mulgated before the American people—a doctrine
which concerns not merely the Territories of the
United Stp.tes, but, if it be acquiesced in, carries
the law of slavery intoevery State of this Union,
The Constitution of the United States is the par-
amount law of every State; and if that recognizes
slaves as property, as hoises are property, no
State constitution or State law can abolish it, or
prohibit its introduction. It is a question winch
uses above all other questions and overrides them
all, and is to become the living issue for the ntiXl
ten years before the American people. For my-
self, sir, for one, I cannot consent in any manner
whatever to sanction this doctrine, or the publi-
cation of what, by the President of the United
Slates, is assumed to be a judicial opinion, which
lays down such a doctrine, by a resolution of this
body, passed under such circumstances that the
people of the United States shall have any reason
to suppose that the Senate of the United States
sanctions and approves the doctrine that the Con-
stitution of the United States, of itself, carries
slavery anywhere.
I shall not detain the Senate now. I simply
offer this amendment*, and upon that amendment
I desire to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. SL1DELL. I presume there is no dispo-
sition on the part of any one in the Senate to be
involved in a debate on this question now; and I
would suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin that
his resolution, perhaps, might not be objection-
able, if he said it was intended " neither to im-
pugn nor to sanction "—neither one nor the other.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not believe, when I vote
to print a document, that I vote to sanction all the
sentiments contained in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
allow the Chair to determine whether the yeas
and nays shall be taken on the question?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 was about to say that,
when I voted to print a document, I did not vote
to sanction all the sentiments contained in it; and
I am unwilling to set the precedent on this occasion
for criticising or declaring that we do not enter-
tain the opinionscontained m any such document,
it will make it necessary hereafter, if we once
begin with this custom, whenever a document is
ordered to be printed, if it contains objectionable
matter in the opinion of any Senator, that he
should offer some such resolution in order to pro-
tect himself from the conclusion this precedent
would afford of agreeing in sentiment with it I
think we ought not to begin the practice. I do
not think any member is bound to the opinions
contained in the Dred Scott case because he votes
to print it. That is a mere question of propriety,
which depends on the fact whether we ought to
circulate the document or not; or which may de-
pend on the other fact of how much it is to cost,
and whether it is worth the expense that would
be occasioned if the order for printing should be
made. "We have heretofore been governed by
such considerations only in printing documents;
and I think they are the only considerations which
ought to govern us hereafter. I hope the Senate
will establish no such precedent as this. I shall
vote against the amendment. 1 should voteagainst
it if it was an amendment declaring that we did
agree with the opinions in the Dred Scott decis-
ion. I think tins is an improper place for such a
declaration.
Mr. CLAY. In order to cutoff debate on this
question, I move to lay the amendment on the
table.
