THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
posed number of copies of Major Delafield's re-
port, with the illustrations, which are of a very-
costly character, can be printed and bound for
$75,000; but the illustrations may be reduced in
size, and printed in black, so as to reduce the ex-
pense to $55,000.' The report of Major Morde-
oai is also accompanied by illustrations, but to a
much less extent; and the proposed number of
that document can be bound for about $22,000.
If these works be printed, an express appropri-
ation will have to oe made for the purpose, be-
cause the expense has not been estimated for in
any existing appropriation. The Committee on
Printing do not think it is essential or proper that
these works should be now printed; and therefore
I make an adverse report on the resolution; but
I do not ask to have it acted on flow, as the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] is not in his
seat.
Mr. MASON,from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion £H. R. No. 22) for the relief of Michael Pap-
preniza, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John II. Wheeler,
submitted a report, accompanicd by a bill (S. No.
446) for the relief of John H, Wheeler. 1 The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief
of William Rich, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ferdinand Coxe, sub-
mitted a reportaccompanied by abill (S. No. 445)
for the relief of Ferdinand Coxe. The bill was
lead, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE,from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Daniel B. Ilibbard, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 447) for the
lehuf of Daniel B. Hibbard. The bill was read,
and passed to second reading1, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
448) to repeal(t An act entitled 1 An act to expedite
telegraphic communication for the uses of the "Gov-
ernment, in its foreign intercourse/" approved
March 3, 1857; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. *
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen", its Clerk, announced that the
] louse had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
 Uc (No. 31) authorizing1 the Secretary of War to
expend the appropriation made Juiy 8, upon
such channel of the St. Mary's river as he may
select.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (No. 55) to regulate fees and costs to be
allowed marshals, district attorneys, clciks of
courts, jurors, and witnesses, in the Slate of Cal-
ifornia; and
A bill (No. 583) providing for keeping and dis-
tributing public documents.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had notified the House
of Representatives that he had approved and
signed, on the 29th of May, the following acts
and joint resolution:
An act for extending the land laws east of the
Cascade mountains, in Oregon and Washington
Territories;
An act for the relief of Nancy Serena; and
A joint resolution making appropriations to pay
the expenses of the several investigating commit-
tees of the House of Representatives.
On the 2d instant: An act making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 18>9.
On the 3d of June, the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act declaring the title to land warrants in
certain cases;
An act for the relief of D. O. Dickinson;
An act for the relief of S.W. and A. A.Turner;
An act to continue the pension heretofore paid
to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of Captain Fowler
Hamilton; and
A joint resolution authorizing the arrangement
and disposal of public buildings in the city of
Philadelphia.
On the 5th of June, the following acts and l'eso-
lutions:
An act to authorize the President of the United
States, in conjunction with the Slate of Texas,
to run and mark the boundary line between the
Territories of the United States and the State of
Texas;
A joint resolution authorizing Commander M.
F. Maury to accept agold medal awarded to him
by the Emperor of Austria;
An act making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859; .
An act for the relief of Micajah Brooks;
An act for the relief of Lewis W. Broadwell;
An act for the relief of Richard 13. Alexander;
An act for the relief of Simeon Steadman;
A joint resolution for the relief of General Syl-
vester Churchill;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth McBrier, only
surviving child of Colonel Archibald Loughrey,
deceased;
An act for the relief of Susannah Redman, wid-
ow of Lloyd Redman;
An act for the relief of George W Biscoe;
An act for the relief of Benjamin Wakefield;
An act for the relief of Oliver P. Hovcy;
An act for the relief of Robert W. Cushman,
formerly an acting purser in the United States
Navy;
An act for the relief of Job Stafford, of the State
of New York;
An act for the relief of Isaac Body and Samuel
Fleming;
An act for the relief of Josiah Webb;
An act making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of clerks employed in the offices of the re-
gisters of the land offices at Oregon City and
Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon;
An act for the relief of Captain Stanton Sholes;
and
An act for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee
and Isaac W. Eastham, of Louisville, Kentucky.
On the 7th of June, the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act for the relief of William Heine, artist
in the Japan expedition;
An act orai,dog a pension to Brevet Major John
Jones, of Tennessee;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jean Bnptiste Devidrino;
An act for liic relief of Alonzo and Elbndge G.
Colby;
A joint resolution for the relief of Henry Orn-
dorf;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John McDonough, deceased, late of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Shove Chase, of New
York;
An act for the relief of David McClure, admin-
istrator of Joseph McClure, deceased;
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Tarvin, deceased;
An act for the relief of James Rumph;
An act for the relief of Stuckey & Rogers;
An act for the relief of John Dearmit; and
An act for the relief of Lieutenant Loomis L.
Langdon.
MICHAEL HANSON.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the p-Jtiftort an<J pnpern in tlx? of
, Michael Hanson be witiuhawn fjoin the Cotut of Claims,
| «uul be letcircd to the Committee oil Pensions.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which 1 submitted on Saturday last, provid-
ing for the extension of the session. The cir-
] cumstances surrounding what I regard as a very
j modest proposition and a very proper one in it-
I self, seem to be misunderstood m certain quar-
! ters; and 1 feel required to make a remark or two
! m explanation of my motives at the time I offered
' it, and as a justification of myself and others.
. The YICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
first allow the Chair to put the question on taking
up the resolution ?
Mr. BIGLER. I prefer to mak^ the few re-
marks I have to make oft the question of taking
up the resolution itself. In offering this resolu-
tion,! was governed solely by considerations con-
nected with the transaction of the public business.
I took occasion to inquire into the condition of
the business before Congress, and to look at the
position assumed by the President of the United
States in his annual message. He there sug-
gested to Congress the importance of allowing
him at least two days to consider the important
bills which always pass near the close of the ses-
sion, reviewing the practice which had hereto-
fore prevailed, and deprecating its consequences.
Taking it for granted that the President of the
United States intended to adhere to that position,
as I am safe in saying* he does intend to adhere
to it, I saw that it was utterly impossible to trans-
act even the public business within the time fixed
for the adjournment, which is the day after to-
morrow. I see it stated in some of the papers
that the President of the United States had noth-
ing to do with the proposition which I submitted
here. That is very true; and no one can doubt
that the President of the United States is anxious
that Congress should adjourn so soon as the pub-
lic business shall have been transacted; but I
presume no member supposes that an adjourn-
ment prior to that time would be agreeable to the
President. I find that there are one hundred and
seventy-three bills which we have passed through
this body that are pending in the House of Rep-
resentatives, some of them important public bills.
One of them is for the admission of a new State
into the Union. We have here eighty-eight bills
passed by the House of Representatives, which
we have not considered. Amongst these is the
Army appropriation bill, the Post Office appro-
priation bill, the ocean mail scrvice appropriation
bill, and two Indian appropriation bills. In ad-
dition to these, we have the bill presented by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, a very important measure, a measure which,
under other circumstances, would occupy weeks
of time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to a question of
order. It seems to me out of order, on a motion
to take up a subject, to go into a general discus-
sion of it. We have lost more time this session,
since I have been here, in discussing mere ques-
tions as to the order of business, than in discuss-
ing the merits of the subjects before the Senate.
I hope we shall take a vote, and cither take up
the resolution or not; and if it be taken up, we
can then, if necessary, discuss it on its merits.
Mr. BIGLER. If that be the experience of the
Senate, f am astonished that the Senator fiora
Wisconsin should raise the question of order, for
I should have disposed of this subject in about
the length of time he has occupied m raising his
question of order, and it is really no question of
order at all. It is the commonest thing to give
reasons why a measure should be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in answer to the question of order raised
by the Senator from Wisconsin, that he is not
able to decide that the Senator from Pennsylvania
is not speaking to the pending question.
Mr. BIGLER. I am giving reasons why the
Senate should take up the joint resolution, and
pass it. I am of opinion—1 think Senators gen-
erally ore—that the public business can be disposed
of by Monday next. For my own part I prefer
the 21st, and I submitted the resolution fixing
that day, because it was in accordance with my
judgment, and my sense of what duty to the
'country required. I do not care now to enter
into any discussion of the exciting public ques-
tion which occupied the attention of this body
during all of yesterday; but this much I will s&y,
that if the aggressions which have been inflicted
on our flag, the indignities which have been of-
fered, shall he recognized and sanctioned by the
British Government, then there will be occasion
for a continuance of this session of Congress. I
presume, however, indeed I believe, that a very
few days will bring us an entire disclaimer on the
part of the British Government. But suppose it
should be otherwise: then who would be willing
to adjourn Congress? who would be willing to
flee these Ilalls, and leave the honor of the country
in the condition in which it would be involved?
