1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T7T
The idea which I had upon my mind was, that
Congress might very properly remain in session
until we heard from our Minister at the court of
St. James; but I am satisfied that the sense of
the Senate, in regard to the time of adjournment,
's against me; and in accordance with what I be-
lieve to be the wish of the majority here, I mod-
ify my resolution so as to fix the 14th.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, which, as mod-
ified, reads as follows :
Resolved> (the IIon-?e of Representatives concurring,)
That the msolution directing the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the Ilou^e of Representatives to declare
their respective Houses adjourned sine die on Thursday, the
lOih of June, at twelve o'clock, m., be, and the same ia
hereby, rescinded; and that the PreMdcntof the Senate and
the Spanker of the !Jou<e of "Rppipsentatives declaim then-
respective Hou-es adjourned sine die on Monday; the 14th
of June, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays on
the resolution; and they were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. In regard to the statement
made by the Senator from Pennsylvania as to the
Calendar, I will say there is nothing in it. The
Calendar is never sot through with, and has never
been from the beginning of the Government, and
never will be; but the longer you sit here the more
there will be on it. As to the discharge of the
public business, as I have said here before, I have
never known a session when, within a week of
the adjournment, we were so nearly through with
the necessary business of the country. As for
intelligence from across the water, I do not wish
to hear anything from there ut all. If I wanted
any more information on which to legislate for
the country, there might be some reason for it;
but I do not want any. I do not expect to get
anything from Mr. Dallas on this subject that
will, in the slightest degree, affect my public con-
duct. I trust we have something else to do than
to sit in our seats waiting to hear from the cir-
cumlocution office over in London.
Mr. IIAMLIN.* 1 wish to say a word in re-
gard to bills ot a private character. I think I may
say, from fifteen years' expeiience, that I have
never known the Private Calendar to have been
as well disposed of as it is to-day, at any session
since I have been a member of Congress. Be-
tween now and Monday we shall have time to
dispose of the public business and a number of
days to devote to the Private Calendar. If we
adjourn on thatday, we shall have concluded more
business, we shall have done it more promptly,
we shall have diminished our Calendar more, than
at any session of Congress I have ever known.
Mr. HAYNE. I came here in miseiable health,
and I am yet exceedingly delicate; but I sincerely
believe it is our duty to remain here until Mon-
day. I do not think wc can adjourn before that
time with anything like dignity and propriety to
ourselves. If there be a man in the Senate, from
length of service, and from his peculiar position,
who knows better than any other when we ought
to adjourn, that gentleman will tell you on the
14th of the month. I shall vote for the resolu-
tion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 43, nays 16; as follows:
VRAP-—3Ie^«r«.. Allen. Uayrud, Bell. Benjamin, Bicler,
Pught, Biown, Chandler, Clay, Clubman, Collamer, Cnt-
ternlen, Douglas, Duikee, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatnck,
Foot. Green. Gwsn, Ilanilm, Hammond. Ha\ue, IJou-tou,
Hunter, fverson, John-ou of Tennessee, King, Malloty,
Mason, Polk. Reul, Iti'.v, S.-bastnn, Seward, Simmons,
fchdeil, Thomson ol New Jersey, Tiumbull, Wade, \V lison,
VVi.dit. and Yulee—43.
TV \.YS — Mt'sbi?. Bioderick, Cameion, Clark, Dixon.
Doohttle, Foster; Hale, Harlan. Johnson of Arkansas, June*,
Kennedy, Peaice, Pugii, Stuart, Thompson ot Kentucky,
and Toombs—16.
So the resolution was agreed to.
RETURN OF A BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution requesting the Sen-
ate to return to the House the bill (S. No. 198)
for the relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long.
The request was complied with on the part of the
Senate by an order directing the Secretary to re-
turn the bill to the House of Representatives.
CORRECTION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives be requested
to return to the Senate the bill (R, R. No, 2fi7) for the relief
ofTimothy O'Koelfee, for the purpose ofeoirecnng an error.
SETTLERS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 ask the consent of the
Senate that the bill (33. R. No. 246) may be taken
up and passed. It will not lead to debate. It has
passed the House, been unanimously reported by
our Committee on Public Lands, and no debate
will grow out of it. It concerns a class of indi-
viduals.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
| the bill (II. R. No. 24G) for the relief of certain
i settlers on the public lands in the State of Wis-
consin.
It proposes to confirm to the State of Wiscon-
sin so much of the even-numbered sections of
land selected by that State in the month of June,
1849, to satisfy the quantity of land due the State
under the act of Congress of August 8, 1846,
granting land in aid of the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, as have been sold, or
j contracted to be sold, by the State or its assigns,
I under the laws thereof; and the title of the pur-.
! chasers is declared to be valid as though the se-
j lections had been made in conformity with law,
j with a proviso that this is not to be construed to
! increase the quantity of land to which the State
! is entitled under the grant, and that a schedule,
! duly certified by the owner, of the lands sold and
j contracted for to be sold, prior to the passage of
i this bill shall be filed m the General Land Office
j within six months from its passage.
| The bill further provides that every person
| being the head of a family, widow, or single man
! over the age of twenty-one yeais, who, on the
! 11th of June, 1840, was, or since that time has
i become, an actual settler and housekeeper, and
! has made other impro\ements on any tract cm-
( braced in the even numbered section selection,
which the State of Wisconsin or its assigns has
not sold or contracted to sell, is entitled to the
same right of preemption, upon the same terms
and conditions as arc prescribed by the act of
September 4, ]841.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANTHONY \V. BAYARD,
i Mr. CAMERON. I ask the consent of the
j Senate to take up a bill for the relief of an old sol-
: dun' in my State. It is the bill (S. No. 371) for
i the, relief of Anthony W. BayarJ.
! The bill was read a second time, and consid-
; ered as in Committee of the Whole.
j It directs the payment to Anthony W. Bayard
I of $1,136, in lieu of arrcars*of pension, at the rate
j now allowed him by law, from the time of his
1 being originally placed on the pension roll to the
I 1st day of January 1832, when the present rate
| was allowed.
! Bayard's name was placed on the pension roll
i at eight dollars a month, in 1844. In 1852, Con-
! gress increased the pension to twenty dollars a
! month. It is evident to the committee that he
! would have been entitled to a full pension fiom
! the date of his wounds m 1812 if he had applied
! for it; and by his neglect to make the application
i then, he failed to receive mure than three thousand
j dollars. It is not proposed to give him this, but to
' pay him the difference between eight and twenty
i dollars a month from 1S44 to 18.">2.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
i reading, read the third time, and passed.
j MARY A. M. JONES.
| Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I call up the
i bill which was under discussion yesterday when
, the hour of one o'clock arrived.
j The Senate resumed the consideration of the
I bill (H. R. No. 42) granting a pension to Mary
! A. M. Jones.
I Mr. IVERSON. I move to reconsider the vote
which was taken yesterday on the amendment to
this bill, by which the pension proposed to be
allowed to "Mrs. Gaines was fixed at fifty dollars
a month. 1 voted m the affirmative on that prop-
osition, and I move now to reconsider that vote.
I beg leave, by way of explanation, to say that I
am opposed to this system of pensions; and the
bill itself cannot leceive my sanction; but I think
it just that the friends of Mrs. Gaines should have
j an opportunity of having her pension fixed at
i something like a relative proportion to the rank
j her husband held. General Worth was a major
general by brevet, but was only a colonel in the
line, and was drawing the pay proper of a colonel
at the time of his death; his widow was pensioned
at the rate of fifty dollars a month; so General
Jones, for whose widow the bill provides, was a-
brevet brigadier general, but only a colonel in the
line. General Gaines was a brigadier general in
full, and he was a major general by brevet, and
he was drawing the pay of a major general at the
time of his death, because he was in command of
a military division. According to the same rela-
tive proportion, it, would seem to me just that
Mrs. Gaines should be entitled to one half the
proper pay of her husband at the time of his death
—either brigadier's pay, or major general's pay.
I am willing to reconsider that scction, and vote
to give her that pay; and then I shall be con-
strained, according to my conscientious convic-
tions of duty, to vote against the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment which it is proposed to re-
consider.
The Secretary read the following:
"Per. 2. ~1nd be it further enaclcd, That the name of
Myra Claik Gaines, widow of Major General Edmund P.
Games, United States Army, he placedon the pension roll;
and that ehe he paid at a rate not exceeding fifty dollars per
month, to commence on the 6th day of June, 1849, and to
continue during her natural life."
| Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the motion to recon-
sider will not prevail, for the reasons given by my
colleague. I endeavored to show yesterday that
this system of pensions was a gratuity from the
beginning of the Government, or since the system
was adopted; and that, when the laws have given
half the pay pioper of the officer, they have al-
lowed no case to go beyond the half pay of a lieu-
tenant colonel. That has been the long-estab-
lished rule, even for the most brilliant services,
and for losing one's life in action. Well, what
reason is there that this lady should bean excep-
tion? What reason can any Senator suggest?
You adopt a rule by which the families of hun-
dreds and hundreds of officers, in the Army of
the United States, who have actually fallen in bat-
tle, have received a pension. General Gaines was
but a brigadier general m the Army. I think Gen-
eral Woith was a brigadier general. I am not
certain as to that fact, but my impression was,
that he was a brigadier general by brevet. Gen-
eral Gaines was a major general by brevet, and
very much by courtesy, too; because, in along
peace he was not engaged, and he was too old for
active service during the Mexican war. It was
not his fault, but it was the fact. You propose
to overturn the general rule, which is not strictly
a pension—I am now referring to cases where an
officer falls in battle—for it is part of his contract,
when he goes into the Army, that if he does fall
in battle there shallbe half pay given to his widow,
but m no case shall it exceed the half pay of a
lieutenant colonel.
Somebody has handed to me a report made in
the otliei House—I think the bill has passed, pos-
sibly—to accompany House bill No. 474, for the
relief of Mary Kitby Smith. Her husband, E.
Kirby Smith, was a captain in the Army. He
was lieutenant in the last war. I happened to
know him personally in the service many years
ago. He distinguished himself as a subaltern on
the Canada fiontier. Promotion came very slow,
and he was still a lieutenant, but just before the
breaking out of the Mexican war he became a
captain. At the battle of Mohno del Roy, on
account of his superior officers being wounded,
and not being able to go to the field, he was actu-
ally commanding as lieutenant colonel in the Army
of the United States, and was mortally wounded,
upon a charge to recovcr that battle, which was
nearly lost. Ilis widow got only the half poy
of his rank of captain, though he was actually
performing the duties of a lieutenant colonel, and
probably lost his life on account of it, for he was
mounted and commanding a battalion when but
a captain in the line. Why should not this case
be brought in as an amendment? I presume the
widows°of officers killed in tattle, on the pension
roll stand on the same foundation. For what pur-
pose, now, will the Senate overturn it? Where
is the justice, where is the equity of it ? Are you
going to depart from this great and fundamental
rule, that pensions shall not cxceed this sum, no
