1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
all that remains to Congress, simply to register
the decrees which are necessary to carry on the
foreign and domestic wars, and to carry out the
contracts the Executive has made to furnish sup-
plies and transportation to the Army and Navy ?
If it were not too serious a subject, would it not
excite a smile to think that the whole Army of
the United States has become a mere posse comi-
tate to be sent all over the United States? Why,
sir, what an abuse of terms ! A posse comitatus—
the power of a county well understood and de-
fined by all who are accustomed to legal proceed-
ings—the civil power of the country which may
be summoned by a sheriff in the execution of a
process, but not a man of whom can be taken be-
yond the line of his bailiwick.
One word in relation to this controversy with
the Mormons. In my humble opinion, the best
mode of disposing of that controversy'is to con-
quer them by civilization; is to conquer them by
opening organized immigration into the Territo-
ries which surround them, and when you.can
place around them a population whose institu-
tions and whose notions of social life and Chris-
tianity are such that they can sustain a republican
form of government there, in opposition to the
Mormons. You now send out your judges and
Governors to administer laws among them. But,
sir, how can you sustain a systemjof jurispru-
dence there when all the people are Mormons ?
How can you administer the laws when all your
jurors are Mormons? There is the difficulty.
I shall not detain the Senate. I could have
hoped that the Government of the United States,
instead of incurring this vast amount of expend-
iture, might have induced them to leave the ter-
ritories of the United States. I would rather have
purchased for them an island in the Pacific ocean,
in the neighborhood of those countries where
their peculiar institutions meet with more favor,
where polygamy is a common institution, and
induced them to go there, and at the same time
have opened the Territory of Utah to emigration,
by defending the emigrant route to the Territory,
building good wagon roads, inducing people to go
there, and donating lands liberally to those who
would settle there. But, Mr. President, I have
already occupied more time than I intended. I
shall vote heartily for the amendments proposed
by the honorable Senator from Maine; and, I re-
peat, unless those amendments are substantially
adopted, I shall feel constrained to vote against
this bill.
Mr. STUART. I wish to submit a few words
on this amendment, because the vote that I shall
give upon the bill will be governed entirely by
the result of the vote on this proposition, or some
similar one. As I understand it, the bill, as it
stands, contains an appropriation for the subsist-
ence of the Army, which runs to the close of the
fiscal year 1860; that is, two years from the 1st
of July next.
Mr. HUNTER. Twenty months from the 1st
day of July next.
Mr. STUART. From the 30th of June, 1858,
to the 30th of June, 1860, is certainly two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me a moment. The bill, as it stands, does not
appropriate for any particular time at all. These
estimates make no part of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I understand that distinction;
but I say there is embraced in this bill now, an ,
appropriation which has been estimated for by 1
the War Department, which "estimate is for the
subsistence of the Army to the 30th day of June,
I860, that is, two years from the 30th day of June
next.
Mr. HUNTER. Here it is: " this estimate is
necessary to purchase, in advance, for twenty
months'subsistence for the troops composing the
army for Utah." The items are given: "one
year's supply, three hundred and sixty-five days;
eight months' supply,"&e.
Mr. STUART. I have looked at this question.
This estimate is certainly not very clear; but
when you turn to the note, the note to the whole
is this.
"This estimate is necessary to purchase, in advance, for
twentv months' subsistence tor tile troops composing the
army for Utah, that quantity being required to go forward
with the troops. It is not an additional estimate, as stoies
am to supply that portion ot'the Army during the fiscal year
endin" June 30. 1859, and for part of the fiscal year ending
June 30, ie60."
Mr. HUNTER. Part of it—eight months of it.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, a part of it; but the
appropriation runs through that year. There can.
be no two opinions about that. If you make an
appropriation for the expenses of the first part of
the year, is the Senator prepared to say that you
cannot use that during the whole fiscal year ?
Mr. HUNTER. Oh, no. This appropriation
does not differ from any other. The Senator is
speaking of the estimates. If it were not for the
estimate, he could not say this differed from any-
thing else. The estimate is not for two years, but
for twenty months. This can be used like all
other appropriations. There is no difference be-
tween them.
Mr. STUART. There can be no difference of
opinion as to the facts in this case. What the
War Department talks about here, is a twenty
months' purchase; it asks for money to enable
the Department to purchase twenty months in ad-
vance. That is quite another thing. But I say
that here is money appropriated in this bill, and
if it be appropriated, it is in the power of the De-
partment, under this law, to use itfrom this time
to the 30th of June, I860. There can be no dis-
pute about that. It is true the officer says it is to
enable him to purchase twenty months in advance,
but he tells you that the estimates are for the
years 1859 and 1860.
Mr. HUNTER. Cannot they use all the ap-
propriations in this bill for two years from the
fiscal year? Does this differ from any of the
others ?
Mr. STUART. I will tell the Senator the dif-
ference. The difference rests in this: that while
we have a general law which does not carry these
appropriations to the surplus fund until the end
of two years, we have a constitutional provision
against appropriating money d irectly for the Army
for more than two years. We cannot make an
appropriation to-day, under the Constitution, to
support the Army, to be applied longer than two
years from the day the law passes. We are ex-
pressly prohibited by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It is no answer to that to say that
after the end of this fiscal year it will be two years
before disappropriation goes to the surplus fund,
if not expended. That does not answer the con-
stitutional objection. The constitutional objec-
tion that I make to this bill is, that in this bill to
be voted upon to-day, there is an appropriation
directly, which extends beyond two years from
the date of passing the bill, and so far as the Sen-
ate are concerned, the bill is passed when they
vote on it; and I say that is not in the power of
the Senate, under the Constitution.
Now, what is the argument for this? I do not
think the reason any better than the principle. If
anybody will take the estimate and the note that
is appended to it, and undertake to give it a sen-
sible explanation, he will undertake a gigantic
task; but the argument is this, that the transport-
ation to Utah can be made more advantageously
between the 1st of May and the 1st of August
than it can afterwards, and hence the Department
asks us to appropriate money for more than two
years m advance. As 1 said the other day, the
1st of May has not arrived yet, and this bill, in
all human probability, will pass before the 1st of
May, and therefore the transportation of this
year can be taken advantage of. Now, before the
next 1st of May we shall pass the general Army
appropriation bill. We shall pass it at this ses-
sion to commence on the 1st day of July, 1858,
and to end the 1st day of July, 1859. That gives
you all the advantage of the season commencing
in May, 1859. If you want to make transporta-
tion for the army in Utah in May, 1859, you pass
the bill for that purpose before this Congress ad-
journs. , Then goto the 1st of May, 1860; the
next session of Congress meets and adjourns two
months before that.
I call the attention of Senators to this proposi-
tion; and as I said, the reason of the Department
is no better than the principle. There is no reason
in it. It is a mere specious pretense, that they
want to avail themselves of the cheapest season
for transportation. I say again, that you may
wait until the next session of Congress and then
make your appropriation for transportation in
1860, and if made at any time during the session,
it will be two months in advance of the com-
mencement of the transporting season. Then is
there any necessity for this? Certainly none at
all. We are told by the chairman of the com-
mittee that if we appropriate this $1,220,000 now,
we shall nothave to appropriate'it. in "the general
appropriation bill that may be-in here next week;
but my answer is, that in that general^ppropriftr
tion you have the clear constitutional auihority,
because the effect of that bill does not commence
until the 1st of July next, and your appropHa-
tions, even if you make them for two years, are
then within your constitutional authority, but in
this bill they are not. ■ . -
Now, Mr. President,why shallnot thisAmend-
ment, offered by the honorable Senator from
Maine, prevail? It is not pretended that'this
money is wanted now; it is not pretended that the.
Department needs anything more than to avail
itself of the necessary subsistence for this army-
for the next ensuing year, and alt that is left in
the bill, if the provisions of the amendment of the
Senator from Maine prevail. He has amended it
as originally offered by adding $1,000,000, so that
every necessary dollar remains provided for in
this bill, if the amendment prevails. If it does
not prevail, then there stands in this bill an ap-
propriation of money to_ support the Army for
more than two years from the passage of the bill,
and in my opinion that is plainly unconstitutional.
Therefore, I say, that unless the amendment pre-
vails, I cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Michigan
manifestly misunderstands the appropriation, 'It
is an appropriation like every other appropriation
for the present fiscal year. It stands on the same
footing with every other. The scheme is not to
make an appropriation for two years ahead for
this more than for any other object, but it is to
enable them to buy provisions for twenty months
ahead. They might buy them all and send them'
forward this summer. The Senator does not mean
to say that the troops shall not eat army bread if
it is made out of flour more than two years old.
The meaning of it is that they are to buy supplies,
and they will probably all be bought within the
next fiscal year, and sent forward in advance. As
I understand it, this amendment of the Senator
from Maine does not touch this particular matter;
it is the quartermaster's department to which his
amendment applies. •
Mr. STUART. It is possible that I do not
understand it; but from anything that has been
said by the honorable Senator from Virginia,'it
seems to me that my argument stands. What
evidence have we of the necessity of any appro-
pi iation at all? It is the estimate of the Depart-
ment. Well, if the Department sends any estimate
here, and says there is $1,220,000 of this money
wanted, not for this year's expenditures, but for
the subsistence of the Army in 1859 and I860, I
ask, where is your authority under the Constitu-
tion, to make an appropriation to-day to support
an armv dunns; the fiscal year of 1860 ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would ask the Senator
from Michigan where he gets the constitutional
power to found cannon, and buy balls, and pro-
vide supplies of powder, in time of peace, to be
laid up for times of necessity hereafter? We make
an appropriation from year to year for those ob-
jects. The proposition of the Senator from Vir-
ginia now is, that this is an appropriation to pur-
chase certain supplies. The supplies may not
be used for five years; they may be used in one
year or two years; but the purchase is now to be
made, the appropriation is now to be made use
of, and if it is considered desirable to have in store
a reservation of bread and biscuit, as much as
cannon balls or anything else, nothing prevents us
buying them this year under the Constitution, I
respectfully suggest to the Senator.
Mi-. STUART. That depends entirely upon
the exigency pf the case. It may be a necessity,
and it may be an evasion. In the case the Sen-
ator puts, there is no appropriation of money not
to be used this year; but I submit that it would
be worse than an evasion for the Senate to say
that there shall now be purchased and sent to Utah
the subsistence necessary for the army in Utah
for the next two years. You have no evidence
that the difficulties will last six months; and shall
you now purchase and throw into Utah, at an
enormous expense of transportation, two years'
subsistence for the army there ? Not at all. I
should beopposcd to that on any ground of econ-
omy that could be named, what, sir; assume
that there are to be ten or twenty thousand sol-
diers maintained in Utah during the next two
