2T78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
matter what may be the grade of the officer? Is
it right to alter it ? Shall wc depart from the prac-
tice of our fathers? Are the services of General
Gaines deserving of it? He died in a ripe old age,
probably eighty years of age, after having been
maintained by his country for years. 1 know it
is very easy for Senators to bring in the eagle,
_&nd the stars and stripes, and pass eulogies on
anybody; but the fact is that many of these men
have been maintained forty years by their coun-
try, in the long peace between the war of 1812
and the war with Mexico, with occasional and not
very brilliant services in our Indian campaigns.
We have had no Indian campaigns of consequence
since General Jackson's southern campaign in
1837 and 1818.
Now, to give Mrs. Gaines any pension at all
is against law. To give her any pension at all is
against principle. To give her any pension at all,
is against well-settled principles, from the Revo-
lution until now, with the exception of the last
five years, when there has been careless and reck-
less legislation. This is a total departure from
principle. But I suppose revolutionary services
are nothing, dyii g in battle is nothing, when put
in the opposite scale to a fascinating lady who
makes personal solicitations to old Senators. I
believe that is just about the case. The older
they are the worse they are. I am told that at-
tachment to the ladies, when it gets in the head,
is worse than anywhere else. [Laughter.] That
is all the reason of it. It ought not to be done.
It is against principle, it is against right; and 1
hope, therefore, the measure will not puss.
Mr. HOUSTON. This appears to be one of
the perversities of the Senator from Georgia.
With his characteristic ability and fine under-
standing he occasionally gets into a kink, and I
think this is an occasion on which it has hap-
pened. I regret exceedingly to make any re-
marks on this subject; but I really think he has
tried to treat it with a degree of unfairness and
levity that does not pertain to it. This measure
is not against law; but it is intended to remedy a
defect which now exists in the law. If it were
in strict accordance with law, it would not be
necessary. It is for the purpose of remedying
defects that now exist in the law, by according
an act of justice to the applicant here.
I regret that the gentleman has misapprehended
the position of General Gaines; and he appears,
also, to have taken a very cursory view of his
claims to public confidence, public regard, and to
national obligation. General Gaines won his rank.
He won two brevets in Canada, in the face of an
enemy; and for the brevet of major general, I
think he suffered a siege at Erie of forty days,
beleagured by a superior force, on which occasion
he received a wound thatirifhcted disability upon
him during his life. Yet such were his ardor and
zeal and his soldierly devotion to his country,
that he never permitted it, beyond the immediate
suffering and injury received, to detain him from
service a single hour. He marched to the Canada
frontier as a colonel. He there gained both his
brevets. No officer stood more high in the Army,
either for chivalry, capacity, or fidelity to the in-
terests of his country. Exemplary in all his re-
lations of life; as to temperance, moderation, con-
stancy, and fidelity, he was unrivaled. He was
in every respect a soldier and a gentleman. Pa-
triotism was his predominant feeling. In the cam-
paign in Florida, he resumed his duties again as
a major general, after having been on duty at va-
rious stations in time of peace; and during that
war he experienced gieater piivations and diffi-
culties than any other general in the field; and I
would say nothing against the gallant gentlemen
who were connected with that war. He there
received another wound. He continued in ser-
vice, discharging always the duties of a major
general. He was entitled to the pay of a major
general. His widow is now entitled to the half
pay of a major general, because he never per-
formed services inferior to them. When General
Macomb was appointed Commander-in-Chief of
the Army of the United States, General Gaines
commanded the division of the South. He had
tiie unlimited confidence of General Jackson. He
regarded him as one of the fairest and bravest
soldiers of the Army, and a most accomplished
gentleman. He assigned to him at one time the
command immediately bordering on Texas, at the
time of her revolution} and there he acquitted
himself as became an officer, in maintaining peace |
and in vindicating the honor of the flag of the i
United States. He maintained a neutrality under I
exciting circumstances, most commendable to
him.
Well, sir, his widow now comes forward as a
claimant. Fifty dollars a month has been ac-
corded to others; and, taking the relative rank of
the officers whose widows have thus been pro-
vided for, and General Gaines, her allowance
should be nearly one hundred dollars per month.
The scale regulating pensions in the Army gradu-
ates them according to the pay the officers receive.
The gentleman from Georgia chooses to refer to
a captain who was accidentally called into service
on a contingency, and for the single occasion
acted as lieutenant colonel. That was the privi-
lege he had on account of being the senior cap-
tain, and the field officers being withdrawn from
their situations. That contingency he availed
himself of. lie had the gloiy of his position.
He had no real rank beyond that of captain; and
the regulations of the Army of the United States
did not entitle those claiming, in virtue of his
.death, to any superior advantage over other cap-
tains.
I sincerely hope that justice will be meted out
according to the relative circumstances and posi-
tions of the different individuals in whose behalf
we arc acting; and it is commendable and honor-
able in the Senate to do it. Sir, if you recompense
gallantry by generosity, you will have gallant
men. How are you to get. an army if a man has
no stimulus to enter the ranks of his country, and
to defend its standard ? and if he can say to him-
self, "if I fall in defending the liberties of the
country, my family, who are dependent on the pit-
tance 1 draw from the Government, will be left
beggars in the world, friendless, and pointed at as
the miserable remnants of a reputation of a father,
who commended himself to the confidence of his
country by the sacrifice of his life." Sir, you
will never in that wav commend gallantry to hon-
orable minds like Gaines, who was distinguished
for his generosity, his truth, his nobleness, his
chivalry, and what crowned all, was his match-
less generosity. Sir, if he had the power to dis-
pense benefits, feeling as he did, he never could
be appealed to by a soldier in vain. Nay, sir; if
a soldier's dog had come to his marquee hungry,
and he had asked, " Whose dog js that?""and
they had said it was a soldier's dog, he would
have replied, " Feed him."
Mr. HAYNK. I must rise to say that I con-
sider this an exception to the general rule, upon
the, principle that equity is right to correct law.
It is upon that principle, which all the lawyers
here understand a great deal better than I do, that
I think Mrs. Gaines Should be treated with liber-
ality; and I shall vote for her pension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
reconsider the vote by which the allowance to
Mrs. Gaines was limited to fifty dollars? That
is the question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 1G, as follows:
YEAS—Miosis. Allen, IJel), Jttiglrr, Bright, Brndeitck,
Brown, Cameion, Chandler, Ciatk, Clingntiin. Oi menden,
Dixon, Doohttle, DoimlrU, Fiteh, Foot, Fo-ter. Gieen, ;
Hay ne, Houston, Iveir-on, J one". Kennedy, Polk, Reid,
b.h-tmn, Seward, Simmon*, fcHuatt, Tiunibuil, Wade, ami
WiKon—ii)
NA VS—Messis. Benjamin, Clay, Durkee, Fitzpatrick,
Ilnle, Ifamlin, Harlan, Huiium. of Tcnni'sscp,
Km*;, Mafeon, Pcaiec, I'ugli, Slide!!, Toombs, and Wright
—16.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The question now is on the
amendment to strike out the half pay, and insert
fifty dollars per month. We have reconsidered
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last vote has
reconsidered the whole amendment of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward.] The next step
is the amendment to strike out the half pay.
Mr. STUART. If it is necessary, I move to
reconsider that.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now,
is on striking out of the amendment the words,
" half pay proper per month, to which the said
' Gaines was entitled at his death," and insert
" not exceeding fifty dollars per month."
Mr. HALE. I have labored very zealously,
both in this Congress and the iast> to obtain a pen-
sion for Mrs. Jones, and I am very desirous of
voting for it.  I am willing also to vote for the
pension of Mrs. Gaines; but I understand, on in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions, that never, from the institution of this Gov-
ernmentto this moment,has theGovernmentgone
higher than fifty dollars a month, to the widow of
an officer of the Army; and, however much I re-
gret it, if this amendment be adopted, I shall be
compelled to vote against the whole bill.
Mr. JONES. I would thank the Senator to
give my whole testimony, if he gives any. I said
there never was such a.meritorious case presented
to the Senate before, in my opinion.
Mr. HALE. I did not pretend to give your
opinions, but your facts.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think,atallevents, the atten-
tion of the country ought to be brought to that sin-
gle fact. The honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Pensions says this is the most meritorious
case that has ever been presented. Is that true?
Is it more meritorious than those officers who
shed their blood and lost their lives on the battle-
fields of the Revolution ? Is it more meritorious
thaifthose patriots who shed their blood and lost
their lives on your battle-fields in the last war
with England ? 1s it more meritorious than those
who left their bones bleaching on a foreign soil in
the Mexican war? Can any man say so? General
Gaines was maintained by his country for forty
years—literally maintained by his country for
forty years; he did his duty, I admit, in earlier
life in the last war, but he was not distinguished
after that time for anything, I undertake to say,
notwithstanding the allegation of the Senator from
Texas; and I appeal to history. He was a worthy
man, but as for having undergone sufferings or
done distinguished services, you may in vain
point any where else than the speeches of the Sen-
ator from Texas, and the general declarations of
Senators to find it. It is not in the history of your
country; it cannot be found there. Was it more
meritorious than the case of*Colonel E. Kirby
Smith, who fell retrieving a lost battle, who ral-
lied your retreating troops, and spent his life's
blood in wrenching victory from defeat? Is it
true that the case of this man who had his three,
four, or five thousand dollars for forty years, and
died in his bed, not in the public service nor by
exposure, is more meritorious than those illus-
trious patriots who lost their lives standing breast
to breast with the enemies of their country? It
is not tiue, sir. It is favoritism, and nothing else.
There are a thousand cases blazoning the records
of your country, that do not need aeugolist in the
Senate, of men who have written their history by
their swords upon every pag;e of their country's
annals, who have not received these rewards; but
a senatorial eulogy that he would feed a dog if it
was a soldier's dog, that is the merit which the
Senator from Texas 
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President 
Mr. TOOMBS. I yield.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 thought the gentleman had
finished. I do not wish to interfere with him. I
am very sorry that he has thought it necessary to
forget that portion of history which was consid-
ered very exciting at the time, I recollect, and
involved the security of our frontier. General
Gaines was for years engaged arduously in defend-
ing Florida, subject to the influences of climate
and to Indian warfare. He was there wounded a
second time. He shed his blood', as I have stated,
and was disabled m the war in Canada. He re-
sumed his duties, and continued them up to the
day of his death, always subject to^the insalubri-
ous climate of the South, never having a northern
station, and never having a furlough that I heard
of. Pie was the very officer who would have been
selected for command in the Mexican war had it
not been for some difficulties that arose in the con-
struction of orders and military regulations, and
he was withdrawn. His pride of character was
such that he demanded an investigation of his con-
duct. I can assure the gentleman that he was
never off duty. He died at his post in the insa-
lubrious climate of New Oi leans. It was cholera
that carried him off. Had he selected a pleasant
northern situation, one in the mteiior, not sub-
ject to all the malign influences of a sea-board, he
might have been living to-day. He was not su-
perannuated, for he had always performed his
duty promptly. He stood erect; he had no debil-
ity abtfut him Hfe had been a strldrerj inured ft*
