1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2779
martial difficulties and dangers. He met every
emergency thatawaited him in life, and acquitted
himself to the satisfaction of his country and the
admiration of his country men; and the devotion
of his soldiers would only perish with themselves.
Sir, I am proud in this Senate to say that 1 served
as an enlisted soldier under Gaines, who was un-
rivaled in all the attributes of soldiership of honor
and of truth.
Mr. TOOMBS. I yielded to the Senat6r, and
he has made a speech, but he has not replied to
me. 1 would have given General Gaines's mem-
ory the charity of my silence on the Florida cam-
paign, if it had not been thrust on me by the Sen-
ator from Texas. I know nothing distinguished
or illustrious performed by Geheial Games m
that scrvice, and 1 had the best opportunity of
knowing what was done there. I saw nothing in
his being cooped up on the Withlacoochie, with
eight hundred or a thousand men, and relieved 
Mr. HAYNE. Allow me, sir, to say 
Mr. TOOMBS. I beg your pardon, sir. I am
willing my friend should speak after me.
Mr HAYNE. I do not wi-li to speak. I
merely desne to state this fact, that if General
Gaines performed nothing during that campaign,
those who followed after him did just ax little.
It was a most intricate campaign. General Scott,
that distinguished soldier, had an army of ten
thousand men afterwards. It was an abortive
campaign— nothing was done.
Mr. TOOMBS. That would be a very good
speech against, a pension being given to any of
them, but I do not see that it helps out the case
of General Games at all. If he did nothing, and
other people did nothing, we ought, therefoie, to
pension nobody. 1 do not see that you can set
off nothing against nothing. If nobody else was
distinguished, I will reward nobody. Therefore,
I think the argument of my friend from South
Carolina is a good one ogyunst the pension, and
not for it. I say there was nothing; distinguished
m that campaign. It was a humiliating expedi-
tion to the country—an unsuccessful one, emi-
nently—and so felt by the entire Republic.
I say this is senatorial eulogy; it is not history;
and I am unwilling to stand as one of the Senators
in this body, and hear it said that General Gaines
is the most distmgushed of all the great military
characters who have adorned our military history.
It is not the truth—that is what I say about it.
There are tens, there are hundreds, there are thou-
sands, of brave and patriotic men who have filled
bloody graves. There are thousands and tens of
thousands of poor men, not generals, who left their
bones upon the plains of Mexico, whose flesh was
eaten up by vultures,and whose widows get sixty
dollars a year for five years. We heard none of
these speeches for them. That was the law oi the
land. That was their pay. Weareintroducingthis
puncipie that was repelled by the country even
when they gave gratuities or pensions in ad vance.
It is that we shall not pay a man according to his
rank, but accoidmg to eminent services. You carry
out the same idea of building up your privileged
class. The laws will not give the pay because he
happens to be an officer of the Army of high rank,
a majorgeneral; but they have declared our policy
has been, when the grant was not pension, but a
compensation fixed in advance, when a brave man
entered the service of the country, to tell him,
" go and do your duty; meet danger wherever it
comes; and if you fail in battle, we will pension
your widow for five years at the half pay of your
rank, provided you fall before you reach the rank
of lieutenant colonel, or at that point, but no
more."
Then this exception is sought to be made in
favor of a man, who, I say, was for forty years
maintained by his country It is in vain to tell
me, it is m vain to tell an American freeman and
people out of doors that you are lewaidmg Gen-
eral Gaines for great services. He did Ins duty.
At the sortie of "Fort Erie he did it. He did his
duty, so far as I know, everywhere. I have no
reproaches to cast on him; but I say he is not
more distinguished than thousands and tens of
thousands, and not as much distinguished as
other thousands who fell in battle: therefore, when
you put him on the same basis witn the best man
that ever fought and bled and died for his country,
you have done enough. When you do more you
violate principle; you violate justice; you violate
ewn the memories of she illustrious dead*
Mr. HAYNE. I willjustsay—and I thinkSen-
ators will understand that I am perfectly correct-
that my distinguished friend fiom Georgia, evi-
dently, if he did not point the finger of scot n, did
poms the finger of disapprobation exclusively at
General Gaines;and I rose to state the fact thateven
our distinguished General Scott, with an army
much stronger than that of General Gaines, did
nothing that the country could approve of in Flor-
ida, because there were difficulties in Florida
which were almost insurmountable from the na-
ture of the country itself.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, to strike
out the words " half the pay proper per month
to which the said Games was entitled at his
death,"and to insertif not exceeding fifty dollars
per month."
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say that this pension,
even as it stands, commencing in 1849 at $600 a
year, will give a bonus of over five thousand dol-
lais to start upon, besides what is received for all
the rest.
Air. DAVIS. I merely wish to say 
Mr. SEWARD The honorable Senator from
Mississippi will allow me to suggest to him that
we had better take the question. We have bin
a very few minutes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Bcnjrimin, ftnslit, Brodeiick, Clay,
Duiker, Font, Fostu, Hale, Itanilm, Uattan, Hnntei,
Johnson of Tenno^re, Kinu, Mallotv, jMu-ou, Poaroe,
Pu-ih, fcMidell, Thompson oi Kentucky, Toomb-, and
VVrjiriU—21
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, IV!!, Brown, Cameron, Chan dW
Olaik, Clunimun. Cnnend<-n, Davi-, Dixon. Doolitile
IJuujrla--, Gieen, flayne, Houston, lvei-on, Junes, Ken
nedv, Polk. Ueid, Sewmd, Sumnonb, Stuart,
Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilt-on—'27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question tecurred on the original
amendment offeied by Air. Seward as an addi-
tional section.
Mr. PTJGH. I hope the Senate will not put
this amendment on the bill. The whole object of
it is to make Airs. Jones's case carry the case of
Mrs. Gaines through the House of Represent-
atives. 1 hope the friends of Mrs. Gaines's bill
will put it through in its regular order, and not
stay a bill which has passed the other House and
is meritorious by itself, and ought to pass here. I
think it is unfair; I think it is unkind; I think it
is ungenerous. I have no objection to a pension
to Airs. Gaines, but I think it is wrong to defeat
this bill for Mrs. Jones, by putting another prop
osition on it. It has never been done before. It
has been but once attempted since I have been in
the Senate, and it was then rebuked by a large
majority. I hope the Senate will not concur in
the amendment, and I ask the Senator from New
Yoik to have the goodness to withdraw it. I Will
vote for a bill to give Mrs. Gaines a pension by
itself, but 1 consider this amendment a defeat of
the original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill from the House
has already been amended, and it has to go back.
Mr. PUGlrl. That amendment, I can satisfy
the Senator from Georgia, really increases the
pension, and probably he will be willing to with-
draw it.
Mr. HUNTER. Has not the hour arrived for
the .special order'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
it up when the hour arrives.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the question is put,
I desire to know what amount this is we are giv-
ing away out of the Treasury 5 1 wont to under-
stand what it is. These indefinite terms about
" half pay proper," are unintelligible to the Sen-
ate generally. I find gentlemen all around me dis-
agreeing us to their meaning. Let us say what is
meant, in the bill.
Air. DA.VIS. Ninety dollars a month.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday, the
Army appropuation bill.
FOREIGN AGGRESSIONS.
Air. MASON. I think the debate of yesterday
shows that whatever bill may be up, making ap-
propriations* it will carry debate with it an otfoer
bills that are before the Senate with reference to
our foreign relations. I move, therefore, to post-
pone the Army bill and all previous orders, with
a view to take up the bill (S. No. 402) conferring
power on the President relative to our relations
with Mexico.
Mr. HUNTER, I hope that will not be done.
I think we ought to get through with the Army
bill, and perhaps another appropriation bill, to-
day. 1 do not apprehend there will be much de-
bate on it.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only remind the Sen-
ate that 1 think it is due to the House of Repre-
sentatives, in good faith, that we should devote
omselves to the appropriation bills. We can
take up other subjects afterwards. It is known
that the President icquires certain time for the
consideration of these bills, and this makes it
eminently proper that we should take them up
first.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator state what i
bill it is, that we may understand how to vote?
Mr. MASON. It is the bill (S. No. 402) on the
subject of our relations with Alexico and Central
America. It is the bill referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, by the Senator from
Illinois, and reported with a substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. We all know the bill. I hope
the Senator from New York will not ask to have
it read.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly not; I onl£ wanted
to know what it was.
Air HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Air. A3ASON. I wish to say a word in reply
to my colleague before the vote is taken. I am
not aware that theie is anything more due to the
House of Represeniatives than the relations of
comity that exist between the two branches of
the Legislature; but there is a great deal due to
the counit v, and due to the property and persons
of our citizens interested in the passage of this
bill. I shall not discuss it, or detain the Senate;
but I have thought it to be my duty to bring it to
(he notice of the Senate, as a bill which, in my
judgment, claims precedence over the appropria-
tion bills, especially at this stage of the session.
Air. FESSENDEN. For the very reason that
something is due to the country, I think we ought
to take up the appropriation bills, and not have
any more of what I cannot help calling mere hum-
bug in the Senate on these other bills.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 40; as follows:
YEA?2—Mr^er*. Allen. BoH. Ilf-ninniin, Chairman, Crit-
fU'rien. DouiiUs, Gieen Ilayne, iloiHion, Malloiy, Mason,
Polk, R"id, tfhdell, and Thom-on of New Jei^ev—13.
NAY-' - H.u.ml, Hurler, Bnghr. liroderick,
Diown, Caim>!on, Chandler, Ciaik. Clay. Coiiamer, Davis,
Dixon, Doolitile. Durkee, FesM-nden, Fitzpuriek, Foot,
Foster, Iialo, Hamlm, Hammond, Italian, Hunter, Iver-
?on. Joim-oii of Aikau=a«, Johnson of Tenne&see, Ken-
nedy, Pearee, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmon-*, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, Wtight, and Yulue—40.
So the motion of Air. Mason was not agreed to
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Alle.v, its Ci^rk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled hills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
An act to increase the pension of Henry E.
Reed, a citizen of Kentucky, and for other pur-
poses;
An act granting an invalid pension to Conrad
Schroeder;
A joint resoluiion authorizing the Secretary of
War to expend the appropuation made July 8,
1856*, upon such channel ot the St. Mary's river
as he may select;
An act for the relief of Michael A. Davenport,
of Illinois;
An act for the relief of certain settlers upon the
public kinds in the State of Wisconsin;
An act granting an invalid pension to Alexan-
der S. Rcan, of Pennsylvania; -
An act for the relief of YVyatt Griffith;
An act for the relief of Elijah Close, of Ten-
nessee;
An act granting an invalid pension to James.
Fugate, of Missouri: and
An act for the relief of Stephen Fellows*
