1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ersofthe Executive are limited and defined; that
he possesses all the powers conferred upon him
by the Constitution of the country, and the laws
of the land in subordination to that Constitution.
It is very easy for gentlemen to rise here and say
that it is the duty of the President to see that the
Jaws are faithfully executed, and that he has the
right to use the Army as he pleases; but he has
no such right, unless it is conferred upon him by
the law. The Senator from Louisiana tells us
that he has the right to send the Army as an es-
' cort to civil officers. If he has that right, the law
gives it. He refers to no such statute.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why, Mr. President, I
will ask of the Senator from Illinois who is to post
the Army—who is to order it from point to point?
Does Congress do it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Congress makesprovision
how the Army shall be used, and the President of
the United Stales is the Commander-in-Chief to
carry out the directions of Congress. He cannot
use the Army in his discretion because he is the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army. Did I not
refer to the statute yesterday, and show that as
long ago as 1793 the Congress ofthe United States,
by a specific act, gave the President power even to
garrison a fort? When they authorized the build-
ing of a fortat Charleston and at New York, they
thought it necessary to confer, by specific grant,
power upon the President to put a garrison there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him one question ? and if he answers that
in the negative, I shall give up all argument with
him. I ask him again if he contends that the
President of the United States has not power to
post the Army in the absence of any special di-
rection by Congress, or if Congress is to order the
march of the Army from post to post?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not contend, sir, that
the President may not change the Army by vir-
tue of his power as'Commander-in-Chief, so that
he does it within the law. If the law raises a regi-
ment of mounted men to protect the frontiers of
Texas, the President may move those troops as
he pleases upon the frontiers of Texas, so as to
protect them; but I deny that the President can
take that regiment raised by the authority of Con-
gress to protect the frontiers of Texas and station
them in a fort at New York.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will permit
me to say that is not the point. Pie has jumped
from the Army to one regiment that Congress has
raised specially for Texas. I ask him, in regard
to the general Army of the country, if the Presi-
dent has not the right to post any portion of it
that he thinks proper in Salt Lake City, if he
chooses 3
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. I think he
has not the right to post the Army in Salt Lake
City. It would be a great abuse of power to do
that without the direction of Congress, because
Congress has directed how the Army shall be
used. It has authorized the President,under cer-
tain circumstances, to use a certain portion of the
Army to protect the Indians in their reservations,
to protect the frontier against Indian incursions;
and I say that the President must use it in that
way; and if he were to withdraw the whole Army
from that service, and station it at Salt Lake City,
or any other point, it would be a violation of his
duty, and it would be without authority of law.
But the Senator from Louisiana begs the ques-
tion. What is it? The question is, whether the
President of the United States has authority to use
the Army as a posse comitates to accompany a civil
officer to one of the Territories? That is a spe-
cific matter; but no such power is given in any
act of Congress. He may use the Army within
the limits of the law. If a fort is constructed on
the northwestern frontier, or in Texas, or in Salt
Lake City, and the President is directed to gar-
rison the torts, or if he is directed to use the Army
in protecting the western settlers against the bor-
der Indians, he may use it in that way; but what
I mean to say is, that his authority in the use of
the Army is as much limited as it is in other re-
spects.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator one
other question, then. I will suppose that the Pres-
ident is informed that a descent is about to be
made—an attack on San Francisco by some for-
eign nation. Has the President power to order
the troops to concentrate at San Fiancisco ? and if
so, where does he get his power ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have already stated that
the President can use the Army within the limits
of the law, and the Senator puts a case directly
provided for—the case of invasion. The act of
1795, in the very case, the gentleman puts, au-
thorizes the President of the United States, on the
application of the Legislature of California, or, if
the Legislature cannot be convened, on the appli-
cation of the Governor of California, to order the
Army there to protect San Francisco; and the
very fact that Congress has provided by an act,
that the President may use the Army in this way,
shows that without this special act he had no
such authority. But for this act of Congress I
would answergentlemen, no; the President has no
authority to order the Army to San Francisco to
protect it against invasion, except under this act
of Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the gentle-
man, then, to say this distinctly—I only want
his proposition to be fairly before the Seriate
and the country—that, if the President of the
United States has intelligence of an intended at-
tack upon us anywhere, he cannot order the
troops there to be ready to repel the attack, if the
Legislature or Governor who happens to have
authority over the point that he knows to be
threatened does not send and ask him to do it;
and if we had news to-morrow that there was a
squadron on the way to attack California, the
President must remain with his arms folded, ac-
cording to the gentleman's interpretation of his
constitutional power, and could not send a soldier
there until the Legislature or Governor of that
State sends and asks him to do it. If that is the
gentleman's interpretation of the law and the Con-
stitution, of course he has a perfect right to en-
tertain it. I merely say I cannot agree with
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean to say he cannot
enter the State of California and make use of the
Army there, unless in obedience to the law, and
in the mode that the law has pointed out. If it
were not so, there would be no use for the law.
If the President can protect a State against inva-
sion without complying with this act of Congress,
will the Senator state for what purpose this act
was passed ? Why was this act of Congress en-
acted, declaring that in case a State was invaded,
the President might, on application of the exec-
utive authority or the Legislature, use the Army
to protect it against invasion, if he had that power
without the law ? I take it, that the President of
the United States has no authority to march the
Army into any State or Territory in this Union,
and commence a war. That he has some power
over the Army of the United States, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, and has power which Congress
cannot take from him, as Commander-in-Chief, to
control and direct the Army within the law, I do
not deny. But here is a use of the Army that is
not provided for by any act of Congress; and in-
asmuch as the powers of the President are lim-
ited, as he can exercise no authority except by
virtue of the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try, I ask for the authority of the President to
send an army as an escort to a civil officer—I use
the gentleman's language. If he has that author-
ity, he has it by virtue of the Constitution or law.
If he can show neither Constitution nor law, he
has not got it. It will not do to say that he has
it under his general power to see that the laws are
faithfully executed. T imagine that the Senator
from Louisiana will'hardly contend that that con- ;
fers a specific power. He will hardly insist that ^
under the general grant of authority to see that j
the laws are faithfully executed, the President has ;
any specific powers granted him which he can ex- j
ercise except m the mode pointed out by lav/. It
is very much like the clause of the Constitution of
the United Stales which states that it was framed ■
to promote the general welfare. Does any one
contend that that"confers any specific power upon j
the Government created by the Constitution.' That j
is not the object of it; and here it is the duty of
the President to see that the laws are faithrully ^
executed in the mode and mariner that Congress ■
prescribes.
The Senator from Wisconsin has lefeired me
to the act of 1795, specifically conferring upon the ,
President the power in the very case which the 1
Senator from Louisiana puts. I will read it for
the Senator's information, if he will listen to me,
to show him that it is by virtue of a specific act '
of Congress th$t the Presiderit ean act in the very
case he puts: , _ . : •
"That, whenever the United States shall be invaded'or
be in imminent danger of invasion, from any foreiga nation
or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful for the President of fjie.
United States to cull forth such number of the militiatjf tb£ *■
State or States most convenient to the place Of dangey".-r-
Mr. BENJAMIN. Militia? : J
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, militia; and I will
satisfy the gentleman about that in a moment—
« call forth such number of the militia of the Stat# or-Siates
vmost convenient to the place of danger or scene of action
as he may judge necessary to repel such invasion, and to
issue his orders for that purpose to such officer or officers
of the militia as he shall think proper,"
Here is the identical power given to the Presi-
dent to call forth the militia, by this act of 1795,
and by the act passed in 1807, which is familiar
to the Senator, as it has been quoted here m this
very debate half a dozen times, authority is con-
ferred upon the President of the United States to
use the Army and Navy in all cases where he had"
been previously authorized to mal.ee use of the
militia; so that he may, in such a case as the Sen-
ator puts, summon the Army to San Francisco.
It seems that he may do it before a call is made
on him by the Legislature, which I supposed be-
fore to be necessary; but he does it in pursuance
of this; act of Congress. Congress believed it ne-
cessary to confer this powerj or else they.never
would have conferred it. There is a total absence
of any power to summon the Army under the ab-
surd idea that it is a posse comitates, as an escort
to civil officers.
What a perversion of terms, what a misnomer,
to compare this to the power which a civil officer
may call to his assistance in a county to enable
him to execute a writ 1 He may call the body of
the county around him to assist him in the exe-
cution of the process of a court. He may sum-
mon the neighborhood, the vicinity. To say that
that power confers upon the President of the Uni-
ted States authority to summon an army more
than three thousand miles distant, from Florida
to Utah, as a. posse comitatus, for any purpose un-
der heaven, is absurd. The Governor has no
business with a posse comitatu9. For no purpose
that can be imagined has he authority to use one;
and yet that is called a posse comitatus. It is under
that pretense that the army was sent along with
Governor Cumming; and under a mere pretense
it was kept in Kansas for a year or more at very
great expense; and if you will look into the items
of this appropriation bill, I have no doubt you
will find that a large portion of this deficiency has
its origin in the unauthorized use of the army in
Kansas during the last year.
As I am on my feet, I wish to say one word in
reply to what was said by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. He said this bill made no appropriation
that he was aware of for paying a deficiency oc-
casioned by contracts made without authority of
law; and the Senator from Louisiana came to his
relief, and referred to a law of 1818, which he
thinks authorized the Secretary of War, under
certain circumstances, to make contracts without
advertisement. I will not now comment upon that
statute. It is somewhat equivocal in its character;
and it is doubtful, to "say the least, whether the
construction put upon it by the Senator from Lou-
isiana be correct; but, if it be, here is another sec-
tion in this bill, under the miscellaneous head:
" For surveying the public lands and private land claims
in California, including office expenses incident to the sur-
vey of claim*, and to be disbutoed at the rates proscribed by
law for tbe different kind-? of work, being the amount of
smvcwng liabilities mcuned by the surveyor geneial during
the fiscal year ending 30Ui June, 1837, over and above that
authotUcd undei tbe appropuation of $50,000 for that pe-
uod. £•H0,000.},
Is there any law for that?
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to explain 5
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. When I spoke, that item es-
caped me. That contract was not authorized by
the Department; it was made by the officer in Cal-
ifornia, and much of it originated in a mistake.
The work was piece-work. It turned out to be
more than was required; and he supposed there
was a larger sum at the disposal of the Depart-
ment than there was for that purpose, and he
over-estimated. It i«? trim there was no authority
for that; but then the authority was exceeded
through mistake by the officer; ana, notwith-
standing that, as I understand it, the President
