18,53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the brevets which had been attached to the Army
dunng the previous year, showing that the class
of the previous year did not equal the casualties
of the year. But have we not power to reduce
the Arm v,and have the young gentlemen educated
in the Military Academy such politics! puissance
that the Senate dare not brave them ? The officers
of the Army, the class in the community that have
no vole, thrown out on the frontier so far that if i
they were to speak their voice would not be heard,
how are they to control the action of the Senate?
It is a ie flection on the Senate, more degrading to
it as a body than the depreciatory terms which
the Senator applied to the Army. I believe we
can, and 1 believe we will, when we find the in-
terest of the country justifies it, cut down this or
any other part of ourgovernmental establishment; {
and I only \v ish that the same scrutiny could be !
applied to other portions of the expenditures of
the Government of the United States.
In this connection I believe I did not allude to
one point, which I will not at this lime press, for I
have already consumed too much time. The fact
that no small part of the expenditures incurred
in connection with our Indian troubles results
from theadministration of the Indians beingunder
one Department, and the military affairs under
another. The Interior Departmentand the Army
are thus brought into conflict on the frontier. The
Government pays both the contestants. The
Government, through the Interior Department,
sends arms and ammunition to the vmy Indian
tribe whom the next month the War Department
may send troops 1 o subdue. Thus discontent and
distrust arise between the two branches of the
public, service. The Interior Department sends
presents to the Indians, and those Indians receive
the presents after they have committed a foiay on
* a settlement, and been chased for hundreds of
miles by the troops; and thus they find their Great
Father sending them these tokens of peace and
good will, notwithstanding their misdeeds. It re-
sults from the organization, and it will continue
until the control of the Indians is transferred back
to the War Department. Then you bring the whole
in connection; then a change from the peaceful to
the hostile relation does not change the Depart-
ment with which the Indians bear their connection.
Then they will understand, after they have been
subdued by force, that theyaie treating with the
same power that subdued tliem, and their very
narrow com pre hens,on will then see ihat the Gov-
ernment of the United States is one, whereas now
it presents its* if to their view as divided.
A few remarks now upon the general subject
will, I believe, enable me to relieve the Senate.
In various phraseology, it has been charged that
the Army everywhere is the enemy of liberty, the j
instrument of despotism. One Senator even ar-|
raigned the Executiveas wishing to use the Army j
to subvert the liberty of the eountiy. An old
man, who has attained the highest station his
country could confer, and that the highest station
in the world, rising to it through the beneficial
character of our institutions, which has enabled
an obscure boy to become the Chief Magistrate of
a great people, must now turn, according to this
idea of the Senator fiom New Hampshire, and
make war with the Army upon the liberty of the
country to which he owes whatever he is—identi-
fied with which has been the whole course of Ins
public life; associated with which is his every
achievement; and the destruction of which would
only save him from oblivion by preserving him
for ignominy. Whatobjectcould he have? His
highest ambition, the highest ambition which
earth offers, having been attained, he must now
seek to crush the very steps by which he has as-
cended ! Can it be so?
But, sir, suppose a Chief Magistrate to be so
wicked and so silly as this, how could he use the
Aimy for such purpose? Refugees, to some ex- ;
tent, from other countries, who have come here to !
enjoy liberty, weary of the despotism of the land \
in which they were born, and natives of the Uni- j
ted States, cradled by mothers who would, them- i
selves, have met a despot if he had come to the >
threshold of their houses, and with their own |
feminine arms have repulsed tyranny from the !
land of their birth—commanded by men who have ;
been selected in their boyhood from the various !
conditions of the people and sections of our coun- (
try, educated in the service of the Government, :
accustomed to look up to it as not only a temple
beneath which they found shelter, but to uphold
which, in all its beauty and its strength, was the
great end and aim of all their earthly ambition-
trained to love, to respect, and to follow a flag
emblematic of that Union which makes us a con-
federation of sovereignties, following from year
to year, upon a poor pittance which barely sus-
tains life, a profession to which they have been
educated and to which they are attached, looking
through it only to promotion and that reputation
which is to be gained by the peril of their life, if
an opportunity should offer, m the cause of their
country—educated gentlemen, drawn from every
section of the Union, from every condition of life,
are suddenly, because they bear commissions and j
have sworn to sustain the Constitution and to serve
their country againstall enemies whatsover, to be
converted into the mere instrument which a tyrant
may use for the oveithrow of the country's lib-
erties. . And yet further, sir, theses men, such as
they are, segregated into little bodies of forty or
fifty, or two hundred at a place, thousands of
miles apart—he who was born in the South sta-
tioned in the North, and he who was born in the
North stationed in the South, or he who was born
in the South stationed in the land of his birth, and
enjoying communion with the people who gave
to him his first impressions, and so of him of the
North—how are these men, in these huledetached
handfuls, all over our wide-spread country, to
combine against the liberties of the Union ?
In this connection, sir, I wish to read a single
remark of Mr. Calhoun, for this is not a new sub-
ject. ' read from a letter of his, addressed to the
House of Representatives, December 14, 1818, to
be found at page 779 of the State Papers, Military
Affairs, volume 1:
{i I have not overlooker! the mn\im thru a largo landing
army h danjrcrotiN to the liberty ot ihe country, am! that our |
ultimate lelianee lor defeiw; oujrht to he in the nnhiia. Its j
mo t zoalou< advocate mu^t. however, acknowledge thru a .
standing aimy, to a limited extent, i- neei-s ;u\ ; and no
good rea-on can he aligned why any tdiould exi^t but which
will equally piove thai 'he present i- not too huye. To con-
sider the pterin Army a< dan^erou^ to oui liberty partakes,
it is conceived, mote oTtimidity than wi-dom."
He then goes on to speak of the condition and
character of the Army. We are told, however,
and told truly, that republics have been over-
thrown by military organizations; but when did
such a Republic as ours exist? Is Rome to be
compared to this country? Rome is cited as an
example to point the future destinies of the United
States. Hers was an empire. When she had
the name of a republic she was yet but a eon sol- j
idated empire, with dependent provinces won by j
conquest, and governed by pro-consuls. Is this i
to be assimilated to our great family of States,
each governing itself, each independent of all ;
others, but all connected together for the common j
welfare, the common glory, and the general good?.
Then we are cited to cases in Europe, where j
despotism is maintained by standing armies; but
suppose the despot had an American army to rely
upon, would they be faithless to their first im-
pressions, faithless to the free blood which runs
in their veins and which descends from the bold
barons ofRunnymede? or would he not find
when he came to review the line of his army, on
every brow set the seal of inborn equality and in-
dependence, and would not some private in those
ranks thunder in the ear of the despot, like Pat-
rick Henry, the warning of the fate of Cawar and
of the fate of Charles?
Is it to be inferred that a man who is a freeman
at his birth, who has all the spirit of republicanism
in his heart, is to lose it by entering the military
profession ? Is it true, as the Senator from Texas
has told us, that service in the Army stultifies
young men? It cannot be. He is a bright ex-
ample of the reverse himself. It was his proud
fortune to rise from the ranks by his own merit
to a commissioned officer, to serve in the Army,
and there to acquire many of those qualities, en-
dowments, and graces, which have adorned this
Chamber. He stands in himself a brilliant ex-
ample of how little the Army stultifies, and how
much it mayexaltthe youth contained in its ranks.
We have other great examples. Did Washing-
ton become the fit instrument of a despotism? was
he stultified because he entered the service of the
United States in his youth? That great mind
which comprehended the whole condition of the
colonies; that heart which beat sympathetically
for every portion of his common country, feeling
equally for Massachusetts and South Carolina,
for New York and Virginia; that great arm which
smoothed the thorny path of revolution, and led
the people from rational liberty up to independ-
ence, and laid the foundation of that prosperity
and greatness which have made us a people, not
only an example for the whole world, but a pro-
tection to liberal principles wherever liberty as-
serts a right—was he stultified by service in the
Army? Jackson too, the indomitable Jackson,
who when a hoy and a captive spurned the insult
of a despot and received a wound, the scar of
which he carried to his grave—was he by service
in the Army when yet a minor, by brilliant ex-
ploits in middle age, rendered the fit instrument
of despotism? If it be said these were men drawn
from the pursuits of civil life and only occasionally
employed, what, then, shall be said of the great,
the good, heroic Taylor5 for a hero he Was, not
in the mere vulgar sense of animal courage, but by
the higher and nobler attributes of generosity and
clemency. His was an eye that looked unquail-
ing in the hour of danger, when the messengers
of death were flying around him; an eye which
softened at the appeal of the vanquished; but
when he stood in the ward-room over his wounded
comrade it was involuntarily moistened vfrith the
tearof compassion. He was a hero,a moral hero.
His heart was his country's, and Jus life had been
his country's o'wn through all its stages. Was
he the fit -instrument of a despot to be usee! for (he
overthrow of the liberties of the United States?
Shall I prove my proposition by going on and
multiplying examples; or is it not apparent that
whatever may be true of the history of Rome,
whatever may be true o< the condition of Europe,
the United States stands out its own founderand
its own example ? No other people like our own
ever founded a State. No other people like our
own have over thus elevated a State to such great-
ness in so small a space of time. If there be evi-
dence of decay, that decay is not to be found in
the spirit of your lit'le Army, but is to be hunted
for in the impurities of your politicians. It there-
fore does not become the politician to point to our
little and gallant and devoted Army, as the incipi-
ent danger which is to overthrow the liberties of
this country.
If I have succeeded, Mr. President, in impress-
ing upon Senators the principal truths I have en-
deavored to advance,! have succeeded in showing
that the plan of increase which we propose is the
most economical and efficient within our reach.
If their judgment, however, shall decide other-
wise, I then have performed my duty I have
argued this question earnestly because I am thor-
oughly convinced of the advantages of the bill
which is before us. If I am in error it is fortu-
nate for me that the majority of the Senate will
correct it. If I am right, the future will sustain
my opinion, even though it be overruled now. I
am, therefore, content with whatever fortune may
befall the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, after the very
eloquent and interesting speech of the Senator
from Mississippi, I feel that I mustof necessity,
in defending what 1 believe to be correct policy,
appear much to disadvantage. I have been im-
pressed with the eloquence and propriety of his
remarks so far as they are general in their ap-
plication, but to this particular case I do not con-
ceive them applicable; but this may be owing to
defective judgment or want of taste on my part.
In the outset, however, I will ask of the honor-
able Senator to state in what instancy I have used
words derogatory to the Army? Certainly ft was
not my intention to disparage that respectable
class of gentlemen in the least; but he spoke of
the hard terms I used in relation to the Army.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not the Senator's speech
before me, but 1 noted itas he wenton. He spoke
of the absence of respectability in the Army. He
spoke of it as the result of there being no means
of promotion. He spoke of the incompetency of
officers. He spoke of their des gn to increase the
Army for their own advantage. He spoke of their
standing in the way of their betters and seniors.
I do not know, if the Senator wishes me to repeat
the particular sentences, how 1 could do it other-
wise than by getting the Globe. I suppose he
recollects the ideas he advanced.
Mr. HOUSTON. Perhaps some terms escaped
me that were improper for this body, as well as
reflecting on the character of gentlemen, which I
