mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The'following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles and re-
ferred as indicated below:
An act (H. R. No. 55) to regulate fees and costs
to be allowed marshals, district attorneys, clerks
of courts, jurors, and witnesses, in the State of
California—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No'. 583) providing for keeping
and distributing public documents—to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Hay, deceased; and
An act to confirm the sale of the reservation
held by the Christian Indians, and to provide a
permanent home for said Indians.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 243)
makingappropHations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend and colleague on
the Finance Committee, the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mi. Peakce,] has charge nf this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. STUART. It is not necessary to read the
bill at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Secretary will not read the bill at
length, but will proceed to read the amendments
of the Finance Committee. The Chair hears no
objection to this course.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, was to strike out the following clause on
page 7:
For the alteration of old arms so a4* to make them brecoh-
loading guns, in accordance with the recommendation of
the Secretary of War, $100,000.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move to amend that clause be-
fore the question is taken on striking it nil out,
by striking out the words, "breech-loading guns
in accordance with the rccommcndauon of the
Secretary of War," and inserting in lieu thereof,
" conform to the present models, and for the pur-
chase of approved breech-loading arms," so as to
make the clause road:
For the altetation of old nnn«? so as to make them confoim
to tltt* present models, and /or the piucha&e of appioved
foieueii-loading arms, $100,000.
Mr. SLIDELL. i should like to have some
information on this subject. This clause of the
appropriation bill was adopted by the House of
Representatives, after full consideration, and I
think it is in conformity with a recommendation
of the Secretary of War. Its purpose is to alter
a certain number of arms that are now compara-
tively unserviceable and useless, not being of the
approved mode! and pattern, at very trifling ex-
pense, so as to make them the most efficient arms
m the world. I chiefly rose to correct a false im-
pression that seems to have been very industri-
ously circulated in the Senate—I do not know for
what reason or motive, though I might, perhaps,
conjecture—that this appropriation is intended to
inure to the benefit of a single individual. If thoie
were anything in this clause that looked in that
direction, I certainly should not be its* advocate.
It is very true that the attention, probably, of the
Military Committee in the other House, and cer-
tainly gentlemen jn the Senate, has been more pe-
culiarly called to the examination of a gun which
has been invented by a constituent of mine. I
have never voted, and probably never shall vote,
in the Senate, for any appropriation, however
small, that is intended to give the stamp of ap-
probation to the invention of any individual or
to give him privileges which are not enjoyed by
the rest of the community. This appropriation
is in a general form, to enable the Secretary of
War to convert a certain portion of arms now on
hand, from the 'ordinary rifle and musket into the
breech-loading arm. It is said that this conver-
sion can be effected at a charge of about two dol-
lars and ahalf per arm, thus making a musket or
rifle, now capable of discharging but a single shot,
a revolving, breech-loading arm, that discharges
five or six shots.
I do not profess to be at all familiar with arms;
I have a rude, general notion on the subject,
and I confess my entire ignorance generally of
mechanical inventions. I may reproach myself
on that subject, perhaps, but I have a guide in
these matters which to me, heretofore, has been
an1 unerring one—that the usefulness of an inven-
tion is generally in proportion to its simplicity.
Any man who looks at these breech-loading guns
understands them at once. They appear not to
be at all complicated, not likely to get out of order;
and if they are not obnoxious to some charge on
the part of experienced professional gentlemen
who say they are not serviceable in the field, it is
evident that the offensive capacity of each soldier
will be increased in the proportion of six to one,
if these arms be substituted for the ordinary arms.
I rose in the first instance to ask, at any rate,
for some explanation of the motives which in-
duced the Committee on Finance to strike out
this clause of the bill, which has been adopted, I
presume, after full consideration, by the House
of Representatives. It is due to ourselves to give
some reason for striking out the appropriation
made by the House.
Mr. PEARCE. It appeared to the Committee
on Finance that this was a large sum to appro-
priate for the purpose. They were informed, in
relation to the arm alluded to by the Senator from
Louisiana, that the alteration of old muskets into
that form of gun could be made at an expense of
about two dollars and a half. Whether the Sec-
retary of War would apply this sum to the change
of the old muskets into the new arm alluded to by
the Senator or not, the committee had no means
of knowing. They were assured, out of doors,
that he had come to no conclusion on the subject;
but supposing that it was his purpose to apply
this appropriation to that object, it was sufficient
to alter forty thousand muskets, and the commit-
tee were not disposed to appropriate so much for
that purpose, because it seemed to them that it
was something of an experiment, and that there
should be some surer test than that of ordinaly
individual inspection by the members of a com-
mittee, or eveu by persons familiar with military
weapons; and in this they were supported by a
letter from the colonel of ordnance, from which I
beg to read a very few sentences. Speaking of
breech-loading guns, and after having expressed
the preference given by the board of officers at
West Point last summer, after some prelimin-
ary trials of Curnside's brcech-loading arm, the
colonel of ordnance goes on to say:
II I think it due to the moms of the different inventions
which have been presented, to compare the bieoeh-loadmg
aims, that the opportunity should be given of settling the
question oftjupeiioiiivjoi otheiwi-e, as a nulitai) weapon,
by actual um3 m the h<imU> ol troops—the only sure and re-
liable test."
The committee thought so, too; the committee
thought the only sure and reliable test of a newly-
inventedgun must befoundin itsuse in actual ser-
vice. They supposed, therefore, that if an appro-
priation were made at ail, it should be a small one—
enough to purchase a thousand stand of arms, to
equip a regiment with, and let it be tried by them in
actual service. But, on considering the whole mat-
ter, though they determined on this account to
move to strike out the appropriation, they thought
it would be as well to let the Military Committee
have an opportunity of examining the subject; and
the papers were therefore sent to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, who has pre-
paredthe amend men the has submitted. 1 am very
much d isposed to defer to his judgment; but I have
no authority to withdraw the amendment of the
Committee on Finance. I feel disposed to give my
individual vote, for his proposition. I would sug-
gest to him, however, that it would perhaps be
better to apportion more specifically the sum his
amendment proposes to appropriate between the
objects he has mentioned in it. I do not think he
has discriminated the amount to be applied to al-
tering the old guns into breech-loading weapons
from the amount to be apportioned to purchasing
new guns. I think he haslnft the appropriation
in gross, leaving it to the discretion of the Secre-
tary to apply such part of it as he pleases to the
one purpose, and the residue to the other. I was
in hopes that the Military Committee would des-
ignate what portion of the$100,000should be ap-
plied to each of these objects.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment proposed by me
does not indicate a purpose to alter any of the
arms of the United States into breech-loading
arms. My own opinion is, that the musket or the
rifle would be injured by being altered into a
breech-loading arm for any purpose for which it
is used either by the militia or the Army: and that
the only value of a breech-loading arm belongs to
its use by cavalry; that, in other words, the value
of breech-loading, so far as applied to military
purposes, is confined to those cases where the man
has not freedom of action to load the piece at the
muzzle. The infantry-man who has space enough,
and is in proper position to load his piece at the
muzzle, I think is better served with a muzzle-
loading piece than a breech-loadmg piece. When
breech-loading was first introduced, the great de-
fect in arms was the difficulty of putting down a
ball so as to obtain all the force of the powder to
propel it. It was necessary it should be rammed
home with great force. Then breech-loading had
its value in rapidity of fire, or in putting the ball
in as if intended to have rapid firing at any rate,
so that it should be tight in passing out. All that
has been superseded by.the introduction of the
expanding ball, which is put in loose in the muz-
zle, rammed home without delay, expanded by
the powder the moment it is ignited, and passes
out of the piece tight. There is, therefore, no ad-
vantage to the foot-man in loading a piece at the
breech. There are many disadvantages. It ne-
cessarily complicates the machinery of the piece.
It is liable to get out of order. It usually requires
special ammunition; and just in proportion as you
multiply the varieties of ammunition you increase
the disability of the troops. The special ammu-
nition designed for a particular piece may be ex-
hausted in a battle, and until they can reach the
supply for that special arm, it is impossible for
them to get any ammunition which will answer
their purpose. If, however, the ammunition be
all of one kind, you can go to the first caisson you
reach.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to ask him, for information, whether
theie are not breech-loading guns that are pre-
pared so as to use the common ammunition?
Mr. DAVIS. There are some methods
breech-loading which enable you to load at the
muzzle equally as at the breech,and which enab'e
you to use the ordinary ammunition firing with
the cap, if the special ammunition be exhausted,
and to some of them they attach the primer, so
as to make them sclf-priming. All special arms,
however, are subject to objection. The parts can-
not be interchanged with other arms, and if they
get out of order, they must be thrown away. The
objection which I was stating applies rather to
the peculiar method of breech-loading which was
presented by the remarks of the Senator from
Louisiana. The amendment I have proposed is
to enable the Secretary to alter the old flint-lock
muskets so as to make them conform to the pres-
ent models, to make them percussion muskets;
self-priming or not, as he may judge best; rifled or
not, as he ma^ judge best. The Senator from Ma-
ryland will therefore perceive that it is impossible
for me to divide the sum, because it will depend
on the method the Secretary may adopt. One
method will cost fifty cents, another will cost
$1 50. I believe that is about the range in the
methods employed for converting the flint-lock
into the percussion musket, self-priming.
Then the next provision is to enable the Secre-
tary to purchase breech-loading arms of approved
models, in order that he may have a small num-
ber of every new improvement that he may put
in the hands of troops, subject it to actual test,
and discover its value. It would be very unwise
for the Government, for the small number it ought
to take of any new arm, to build machinery, and
incur the vast expenses which necessarily must
be incurred to make a new pattern of arms in its
armory, to delay the manufacture of arms accord-
ing to the approved model, and at last perhaps to
find that the arms, if manufactured, were worth-
less, or, if the old arm had been altered, we not
only lost the money we expended in the altera-
tion, but ruined the arm on which the alterations
were made. I object to any alteration, upon any
new plan of breech-loading, of those arms which
we have, and which we know to be good. Lot
new plans be tested upon new manufactures, and
tested upon a small scale until we discover their
reliability.
Mr. BENJAMIN, Of course, Mr. President,
