1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2781
on a subjcct of this kind, I would not pretend to
put my judgment and my experience against those
of the honorable Senator who has just addressed
the Senate; but there is one portion of his re-
marks that really does not recommend itself to my
mind. It is that portion which relates to the
purchase of breech-loading arms, instead of per-
muting the Secretary of War to change some of
the old arms into breech-loading arms, as he de-
sires to do. I understand, for instance, that these
breech-loading arms, when purchased, cost from
thirty to forty dollars apiece, and we can make a
change of some of the old arms at an expense of
two or three dollars a weapon, the weapon now
being worth but three or four dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. We have none such.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the report.
Mr. SLIDELL. Willi the pei mission of my
colleague and the Senator from Mississippi, I will
ask the Secretary to read a letter from the head
of the War Department and two other documents
in order that the Senate may understand the mat-
ter.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War f)ki* viiTMt.Nr, Washington, May 27, 1838.
Sm: The meloM'd lepoit Uoiri tiiu oidnance buicau
pliows the number of altered mins now on hand, five hun-
dred and rifty-ei^nt thousand five bundled ami thuty-two
niu-ket^. sixty-two thousand two bundled and thirty'eight
ritles, the estimated v.Uue of which,  i auction or by other
means which the Department could not adopt foi tlieir sale,
would be about two dollars and fifty cents each.
Thete is a necessity for celling thet-e aims, when tinware
lesrarded as no longer -suited tor the seiviee,'because of the
«'\j)<!nse whiHi their vtomge and erne imposes on the De-
partment. The alteiarion of them to breech-loading arm<,
by t-oiiie of the most appioved methods, would make them,
in my judgment. «juiu equal to the muzzle-loading guns
which we now manufacture at the national atniones;" the
be t ot which ati' woith from tlmteen to H\teen dollais a
jneee. Tlie cost of tin- aim ation would piobablv bo covei ed
l>v a *uiri lanaipy iiom two and n half to four dollar, This
would oorii-tnute a verv .ireat saving to the United Slates,
as tlie above figure** will show.
The inclosed statement of Major Bell, of the ordnonee
conn, w ill show the advantages to he denved tiom the al-
leiation of the aims according to Mor-e's patent; and this
statement f recommend to you as woithy or attention, from
tin; de-ei vedly hmh character winch the writer po-.aes.s-es
for attainments and practical knowledge in Jus pioftssion,
Theie ate some oilier methods of b'pcch-loadmg which
may be fairiv rewarded as compi uti<* with these for simpli-
city and efficiency, and which e.xpenence might-show
would answer quite a? well tor the altered aims.
I pie-ume that the foie<zomg statements the in-
(oimatiun which you n^k for,
S have the honor to be, very respccKuilv, vour obedient
servant, JOliIV 15. J-'LUYD,
Secretin/ of War.
Hon. J. M. Sa NBiruF,, Home of Hepresentaiii r$.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is in accordance with
what I understood to be the fac's of the case.
Mr. SL1DELL. Will my colleague permit the
other letters to he read >
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am very willing-.
The Secretary read, as follows:
OunwNCE Ofmcf, Washington, May 27, 1858.
Sir: i have the honor to acknowledge theVcfeience to
tin-, office of a letter liom Hon. j. .M. ^andidgk, of the
House of Representatives, and to report that we have on
hand, besides the aims of the model of five huruhed
and fifty-eight thousand five hundred and tinny-two peicu*-
moii rmrdceis—ilto-.fi alteied to peicusj&ron and flint lock—
•and t \ - two thousand two hundred arid timty-ei^ht ulles
of similar dcscnption^.
Very few of the aim5! have been in service. They ori-
ginally cost (tiid wre valued at about thirteen dollars each,
it -.old at auction they would not probably realize P-2 5').
Not knowing what alteiation is proposed to he made, I
cannot state the piobabie cost of the alteration. The prac-
tical defect of the musket is its difieimat in caliber from the
new arm. and its ammunition bem<; inconveniently heavy.
Such a delect r-annot be obviated In bieeclnng. 1 do not
think thai any aliciairon maile on the^e uims would super-
sede the piopiiety of makm« new one?.
The amount of money expended m the manufacture and
pmcha.-e o! rmt-.keis and rifles during the lact five yeais,
lias been sjl .5ul.CK>0 77.
Hon. Mi. Sandidgc's letter is returned herewith.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant. I
II. K. CltALG, Colonel of Oidnavxe. !
Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of IVar. j
Memoranda for Hon. Henry Wilso x, member of the Mili- \
taut Committee of the Senat<\ concerning the application !
oj Moiie's brecch I jading principle to the muz zlc-lnarfinz, 1
arms of the Untied Siute^; that is to sai^to the rijle-
mu-ihet', I'dV'ff 69-100 inch; to the mu<.Ut, smooth hoi e,
caliber G9-1O0 im h ; and to the > ijley caliber, .">4-100 inch, j
The Secretary of War, esteeming .Mois-e'i breech loading i
pt incrplo the best, dneeted its application at this arsenal to !
one ot each of tlie above-mentioned old arms, whereof we |
have huge numbers now on hand in the State and United j
States at-enals, Thr.s application was to be made with the !
least povMlile change or expense in tire arms ; the object of i
tlto Si.cietuiy m the e.\pemnont hemg both efficiency, cid j
ecoiiomv —efficiency m pioduc  n  a more perfect aim than <
h<<t! vet been made, and economy in avoiding tlie contem- '
plated sales of these old arms, necessarily at a great saeu- 1
j free. Tlie result of the experiment is s,hown in the form of
; the arm-3 which I had the honor to exhibit to you in the
; committee, on Saturday morning last, by direction of the
j Secretary of War.
j ' 1. *ddvuntagei>.—The change in these arms is very ^mall
} — only in a part of the lock and in the lower part of the
: barrel, everything else remaining the same. The estimated
| cost of tins change, when effected by machinery, being
I from two dollars and fifty cents to three dollars and fifty
' eent>* per arm.
I 2. The strength of the barrels and other parts after the
i change is found most ample—one of the altered arms liav-
( ing sustained one thousand three hundred and fifty lounds
, of service charge without injury.
I 3. Facility of fire.—Jts advantages over the muzzle-
] loader, in its brcech-loading facilities, wjth it« battel always
j; level and directed to the front, whether on horse, swnding-
or advancing, sitting, lying or kneeling, <£ives it both greater
celerity as well as greater accuracy of the on these ac-
counts. |
4. Accuracy of fire.—But its superior accuracy over the '
muzzle loader is more particularly due to the lact that the !
construction of the cartridge, and of its chamber in the bar- :
lei, is such that when the gun is charged the axes of the ball !
. i and bore are m cessai liy in the same vertical plane of pro- I
j! jection at the moment ol fne, whereby they fulfill the most :
Ij important requisite for accuracy of lire. j
5. Foice of I he charge.—The force of the charge i* neces- i
ij sarily greatei than that of the corresponding muzzle-loader j
jl of the >ame caliber and charge of powder, because the cap i
j: being fiied in the center ot the charge, without vent or vent- j
i1 d!>chaijic,the whole effect, therefor e,o{ the cap and of the !
| j charffe of powder goes to move the bail; whereas in the ;
j j tnuzzic loader the elFect of tire vent di.-chaiye is lost to the
morion of the hall. Accordingly, the penetianouv of (his
j; gun, at thnty yaid-^, are fiom one to one ami a halt inch
j: boards gieater than tho.>eof the nruzzle-loadcr. And its
i; range also, with the same "levation, propot tiorially greater,
ji (3. Ceituintu of fire.—As the cap'i- lit eel m contact with
the powder, (fie certainty of tire ij greater than that of any
] other breech or muz/.le loading aim fund without the
1 ehaige. In consequence, this arm never misses fire with a
[' good cap.
!| 7. Cicanlinas o/Jrrc.—This arm is remarkable foi cl°an-
I nc'S of bore niter many fire-.; t'ni^ bcin'j bec.ui-c a m-w
j; eiiamber with every new" chaise i< inserted at every hie, the i'
i old one bviin^ then wrthiawn. Whereas, m the' muz/.le- i:
lOiidei, tile chamber being ahvaj •= the -nrne, l^- aceumulating i1
1 j lilth at every the, which, at every fire, the hail came- for- i |
i' waid m the hoie. Tins gives much le-saccuiae> of fire to n
i the muzzle-Ioadei. ij
j' y. iSajehj fiom explosion.—It has been chained asam^t ■'
, this ai m that the cap being m contact wnh the powder there \\
ji is dangei of explosions from thi? cartridge m magazines and |j
j'' Jrtboratone'N. Cut there is no sticli u'an<rer. as the projecting '|
I charge has no existence as a caitirdire. except in the ear- ii
tridse box of tlie soldier, m ho foim-^tl with unprisina laeil- ;j
I! ity by tneieiy pounng tlie powder into the iton eh«iuih< r, and j
j, inserting the ball and cap. the wad and char.iber bein-jj a!- '
,i wav« (eadv, and then fur fiifii* it mto fiie cartiui^c hov llav- '
II ing the bal's ana tin* fla-dc of powdei, thw niav rre done at 1
1 any tune, even m the held m pi i-.i nee of the eucm\. At tlie !■
I e onidge in tlie c.utudg"-ljo\ n* t- on wood, the peteu-MOn
!' i ouiil not. therefore, take efh et tli'Me, ifn could he made in >i
I the e:\iTiklge-box, whicli it could not bo m conseijuciice of 'j
i' the Miuctuie of the box. !|
9 iiavim; —It is claimed for ihis arm that all the lahoi in ;i
magazines-and laboiatories wlncli is now devoted to the .j
!, manufacture and pre^ei vation of muzzle- loader jiapei rait- !s
j: ridses, is saved, a^s it needs only powder and hall. It is also
|' claimed for it that the trains for transpoi tatron of amtmuu-
i| Hon for small arms will be areatlv reducod, l)CMde> -avmg
S | much mati'nal of paper, tw ine. and lumber, miiN, &c.
II 10 Tiie i?arti idge of'tin^ aim bein<r water-proof. greailv
j| supertoi to the paper cartridge ot the nni/zle-Joadei. The
;i latti'i.ma cartrid«o-bo\, might tpoil m a few da\-«' lainv
weathei, while that of this aim would not be arlectcd lor
years.
li Whicli is respectfully submitted,
| WILLIAM TI nr.LL,
h Major Old nance.
j! Washington Arsenal, May 26,18o8.
ji Mr. PEAXICE, I had not seen that paper at ■]
the time \ was addressing the Senate. It seems i(
!( to i)o a piece cutiVom a newspaper containing the ;
jj letter of the Sncrctary and the report of Major
^ Bell. If I had seen it, I should have had this tlif-
jj ficulty: I -should have found IVlajor Bell it-com- ;j
'j mending- this arm very specifically, and pvinx j
ji the reasons in detail foi ins preferences', and then i
i1 I should have found a report from the eommis- >
: sion which met at West Point last year, statins; :
j as follows—tire first part of the opinion of the ,
' hoard assigns their preference to the £UD of A.
i E. Burnside as best suited for military service; 1
and then they go on to say: "
! "I" expressing thr^ opinion, the board do not we-h to be j
i understood as dKpain«in^ the merits of the other urins tried, !
for they consider thai" some ot them po-sct-s iiiUl.1i merit,
j and evince much mgemiuy in their coi.^truetioii. In f-ub- '!
, rnitting tins opinion, the hoard fee! it theirdutv to state ihat '■
; they have seen notion" :n the^e tnah to lead iheni to think ; \
j that a hreech-lo ulnar .um ha-. \ et been invented which is -1
suited to replace the mu/'/lp-lnadnureun for foot tioopss. On 'j
! the contrary, they have teen much to mipies> them w nh an i1
, opinion unfavorable to the u&u of a bietch-loadingaim ior |
, general mihtdiy puiposes.'1 ,,
! This is Bignetl by Colonel Eel!, first dragoons, ji
| president of the board, Major Ilill, of the pay- |j
[ master's department, Captain Benton, of the oid- j
j nance, Captain Heath, of the tenth infantry, and jj
! Lieutenant Gibbon, of the fourth artillery, dated ''
August 12, 1857, the period of tlieir making the
observations and experiments. Really, the Com-
mittee on Finance know so little on these military
subjects, that it seems to be a difficult thing for
them to recommend with any authority to the Sen-
ate, whether they shall adopt this or that peculiar
arm. They meant,by this amendment of theirs, to
signify, that, in their opinion, the sum appropri-
ated was too large to be applied to the purpose of
changing forty thousand old guns into any one
particular arm. They thought, as they were ad-
vised by the military board and by the colonei of
ordnance, that if we are to purchase or change
any of these guns at all, we should have only a
limited number so changed that they might be
tried in actual service. It was supposed one or
two thousand would be sufficient for that purpose.
If, when tried in actual service, their utility and
value shall be demonstrated, we may then want
to have more altered into that form; but at present,
the committee do not think it proper to recom-
mend the expenditure of so largo a sum for that
purpose. If I undeistand aright the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi, the same sum is
proposed to be appropriated for the double pur-
pose of purchasing breech-loading guns and alter-
ing the old muskets so as to make them conform
to the present model; but I understand that that
would not include alterations into breech-loading
guns. I really do not feel competent to decide on
such a question. If Senators who understand the
subject will enlighten the Senate, the body will,
peihaps, be enabled to decide for itself under-
standing^.
Mr. BENJ A-MIN. We have got back, then,
to the point from which I started, which is this:
that the Secretary of War states, on the report of
competent officers, that he is desirous of an ap-
propriation to enable him to change certain old
arms, worth not more than two and a half or three
dollars upicce, into breech-loading arms of differ-
ent inventors, not all of one inventor, at a cost of
two and a half or three dollars apiece, and to make
a trial of those arms in actual service, to see
whether they will answer the demands of the
Army,and that recommendation, thus specifically
made by the Secir-tary of War, and communicated
to the Finance Committee, is passed by the House,
comes to the committee, and from the committee,
by some means, gets into the Senate, with the
whole object of the appropriation stricken entirely
out of the bill, and something else provided for
which the Secretary never asked for.
Mr. PEARCE. There is nothing else provided
for in the bill. I ask the Senator's pardon.
Mr. BEOTAMliV. The amendment reported
provides a distinct thing entirely.
Mr. PEARCE. The amendment as reported
is to strike out the whole appropriation. The
.Senator 5S mistaken. The amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi is a different matter.
Mr. BEXTAMliN". I understand that; but I
understood from the SenatortromMaryiand, who
represents the Finance Committee, that that com-
mittee refened the matter to the Military Com-
mittee. The Finance Committee first strikes out
the entire appropriation asked for by the Secre-
tary of War for a particular purpose, refers the
subject to the Military Committee, and the Mili-
tary Committee take the appropriation and apply
it to a distinct purpose of their own. That is the
point I wish 1 he Senate 
Mr. DAVIS, i will correct the Senator from
Louisiana, as that seems to be a point of his argu-
ment. The Socretaiy of War docs ask for money
enough to buy a thousand breech-loading arms,
winch, we understand, will cost from thirty-five to
forty thousand dollais, and part of this $100,000
is to go in that way, according to his application.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not understand that
the Secretary of War has asked for any pari of
this $100,GCO here appropriated in the House bill,
to purchase the breach-loading arms. If he has,
I am very much ni'&takcn.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, I wtJl state the very simple
fact that he asks money to buy breech-loading
guns. Whether it is in this $100,000, or out of
the Treasury, I do not know.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is very easy for the Pen
ator from Mississippi to^give a sneering reply to
what was certainly a very respectful inquiry.
Mr. DAVIS. I considered it as an attempt to
misrepresent a very plain remark.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken,
