1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it—in that contingency, might by some people be
construed into a vote for the supplies contem-
plated by the amendment, I wish to say that I
shall vote for it, and if it is adopted, I shall vote
against the bill. As there is no probability that
it will be adopted, my vote, without this explana-
tion, might stand as an expression of willingness
on our part to vote the supplies contemplated by
the amendment. I prefer the amendment to the
original bill, but I shall vote against it, whether
it is amended or not.
I was not in when my friend from Iowa com-
menced his remarks; but before the vote is taken
on this bill, I shall endeavor to bring the sense
of the Senate to their judgment of tne necessity
of other officers observing the law, even if we let
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy off, because it appears by this deficiency
bill that there was appropriated, for the surveys
of land in California, $50,000; and we are called
upon to appropriate §220,000 besides, being, as
the bill, says, " the amount of surveying liabili-
ties incurred by the surveyor general during the
fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1857, over and
above that authorized under the appropriation of
$50,000, up to that period."
It seems to be conceded, that by the operation
of the act of the 1st of May, 1820, and by the ex-
igencies of the service in the War and Navy De-
partments, those Secretaries have a right to con-
tract without law and without appropriation. I
shall take the sense of the Senate about the ap-
plication of that doctrine to the surveyor general
of aland district, to see whether, under an appro-
priation of $50,000, he has a right to incur "liabil-
ities" (for that is the very term used in the bill) to
the amount of $220,000 beyond the $50,000 ap-
propriated; but as that is not before the Senate
now, I shall not occupy time on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say something
in relation to this matter of the California sur-
veyor. The gentlemen who sit behind me are
mistaken entirely in relation to the facts. I.will
state them as I understand them in a very few
words. Congress had been for several years pre-
viously making large appropriations for surveys
in California. The surveyor general sent his es-
timate for this service, to which gentlemen have
alluded. Congress determined to reduce the
quantity of survey made each year in California,
and appropriated only §50,000 for that year; but
California is far off; the appropriations are not
made till June; the surveyor general imprudently
(as he himself admits) employed his sub-survey-
ors to go on with the surveying in the State with-
out telling them to stop their surveys at a certain
number of miles. They surveyed greatly more
' than the appropriation would permit; greatly
more than he supposed they would. He admits
his error. He says it was done unintentionally.
The Administration, knowing the fact, discharged
him from his office; but, satisfied that it was un-
intentional, after giving that mark of disapproba-
tion, tendered him another office with a view of
showing a disapprpbation of his conduc? in un-
dertaking to make these contracts without previ-!
ous appropriations, but at the same time declin- 1
ing to fix upon him the stigma of any reprobation
for what was simply imprudent. j
Now, sir, what does the bill propose to do? The
Administration do not propose to pay any money
out of the Treasury to anybody; do not propose
particularly to pay this gentleman any money.
The Administration propose nothing but this; the
deputy surveyors have done their work; then-
bills amount to this much; they do not bind the
Government; nobody pretends that they do; the
officer had no authority to make the contracts;
and the question is now, as the work has been
done for the Government, will Congress pay or
not? It is left to our discretion; We are not!
bound to pay. There is equity and justice in the
claim of these subalterns in my judgment, and I
will vote for it. Senators arou'na are not bound
to vote for it. There is no pledge of Government
faith for it. If they do not consider the appeal to
equity sufficient for it, they will not vote for it.
The Administration do not pretend that it binds
the Government. It is no act of theirs; but a
subordinate officer at a distance has exceeded his
authority. They tell us so; but at the same time
they say " this work has been done for the Gov-
, ernment, and we think these sub-surveyors ought
to be paid for it; the Government got the benefit
of it, and we will pay if yon please." Surely gen-
tlemen cannot attack the Administration on such
grounds as that; or if that be the bestground they
can find it is a fortunate Administration.
Mr. HARLAN. I would reply to the Senator
from Louisiana, that I merely'desire him to reg-
ulate his conduct in relation to this appropriation
as he proposes to do, and did do, I think, in re-
lation to the appropriation asked by the Clerk of
the House of Representatives. He told us then
that he was willing to examine the claim of the
Clerk as a private claim, and put the witnesses on
oath before a commiitee of the Senate,; and, if he
ascertained that he had paid out money, and be-
came satisfied that he was entitled to relief as a
private claimant, then he would Vote for all the
money necessary to discharge that liability, as I
understood him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire that this surveyor
general and his deputies, having been employed
without authority of law, shall be placed in pre-
cisely the same category; that they shall come
before Congress as parties without legal claim for
money, and present their equity; and, after we shall
have become satisfied ourselves that the work was
done, and that they have an equity to the money,
let us do to them as we do to other private claim-
ants, but not justify this violation of law by in-
cluding this amount of money m the general ap-
propriation bill to cover deficiencies which are
presupposed to have been authorized by law.
This is all I ask of the Senator from Louisiana,
and all I ask of the Senate; and I may as well
state now, as at any future time, that, if I shall
hereafter become satisfied that this work has been
done, and well done, and at fair prices, I. in com-
mon, 1 doubt not, with a majority of the members
of the Senate, if not all of them, will vote the
money necessary to pay it; but I am not willing
to justify this general policy of the Government
in making contracts without the authority of the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. GWIN. The charge that has been made
against the surveyor general of California, of hav-
ing violated the law in making these contracts, I
think is not justified by the facts. As the Sena-
tor from Louisiana has stated, the policy of the
Government was to make large appropriations—
$300,000 a year—for surveying the public lands
in California. There were one hundred and twenty
millions'acres of land in that State, and all of it
was public land, with the exception of five or six
million acres which were covered by private
claims. As there were hundreds of thousands of
persons in the State who had no land, it was de-
sirable to bring the land into the market as early
as possible in order to locate emigrants who had
no homes to live upon, and who, owing to the un-
settled state of private land claims, could not get
land to which there was a perfect title. Hence
the surveys were pressed forward with great ra-
pidity. The Senator from Iowa states that these
contracts were made at an extravagant price—
twenty-five dollais a mile. He is entirely mis-
taken. The law limits the price t© fifteen or six-
teen dollars a mile. He did not go beyond the law.
The policy of the Government in surveying
large quantities of land having been established,
and the deputy surveyors having contracts looking
to this amount that was annually appropriated,
$300,000, the surveyor general confined them, as
he supposed, within his estimate, but they were
not made by the mile, because they had to be made
fr.om township to township. It was in an unex-
plored country. Their contracts were made to
certain natural boundaries. Thesuiveyor general
had the making of a contract to such a river, and
it was estimated to be such a distance, and subse-
quently, when the surveys were made, it was as-
certained to be a greater distance. Hence the con-
tracts could not be limited, owing to the want of
knowledge of the geography of the country. It
was in that great unexplored region called the Col-
orado basin, that an immense number of these sur-
veys were made, and it was utterly impossible for
the surveyor general, in making contracts, to as-
certain the exact distance.
It was never intended, directly or indirectly, by
the surveyor general or deputy surveyors, to ex-
ceed the appropriations made by law; and when
the estimates for$I59,000 were made, it was sup-
posed, from the want of geographical knowledge
which was absolutely necessary and indispens-
able to a correct estimate, Jhat the amount which
would be expended that year7, with what was on
ha,nd, would hot exceed §150,000. When' the
appropriation was brought down tb* $50;000'by
Congress, the bill was passed in August,"and"tlfe
surveyors were then in the field, hirndreds&fmHesr
from the surveyor' general's office, witfi ho fflttfl
communication, m a wild country, withoutcimi-:
munication for weeks and months, and theVork
was nearly all done before- the surveyor general
could apprise them of the fact that the appropria-
tion had been diminished; and when he made the"
estimate, he was entirely ignorant of the number
of miles the distances would be. He had to make
his contracts to run from township lines to town-
ship lines, and including whole regions of coun-
try, in order that they might be sectionized. It
was not until the deputy surveyors cams in that
it was ascertained the amount of their contracts
exceeded what was estimated at first, and what
was intended. He never intended to exceed the
appropriations a dollar.
The Senator from Iowa asks for the deficiency
of this year. There is not a deficiency of a dol-
lar, not a cent, and nobody pretends that there is,
for the present year. He intimates that there were
deficiencies of former years, and because Congress
had made liberal appropriations to meet those de-
ficiencies, this surveyor general went on in viola-
tion of law, and contracted for an amount larger
than was appropriated. There never has been a
deficiency of a dollar besides that now before us.
A large amount of this .deficiency was created in
another way. There was a certain percentage
retained off the contracts of the surveyors—I Be-
lieve twelve and a half or fifteen per cent. In
order to press the survey of private land claims
in California, a large number of which were dis-
missed in 1856, this percentage that was retained
from the old contractors was used, supposing that
the appropriations of Congress would be sufficient
to cover the reserved amountdue to contractorsfor
surveying the public lands. It was used in sur-
veying private lands. Itamounted to nearly forty
thousand dollars. That was money due to the con-
tractors, used when it was not supposed, by the
deputy surveyors or the surveyor general, that
i there was any deficiency; and the reduction of the
appropriation was not known for months after it
was made, and nearly six months of the fiscal
year had expired before they ever heard at all of
what the amount of the appropriation was.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the work done,
there has been, since the service commenced—and
it is only a few years—upwards of twenty-three
million acres of public lands surveyed, section-
ized, now ready to be brought into market; and
there is now advertised, and will be during this
year, for sale in that State, thirteen million acres
of land; and when these sales take place, millions
of dollars will be paid into the Treasury on ac-
count of these very surveys. There is no pre-
tense on the part of anybody, that these deputy
surveyors have not faithfully performed their du-
ties. It is well known that the surveyors do not
stop on the 1st of July; but theirs are continuous
contracts from year to year. Whether the sur-
veyor general had authority to make such con-
tracts, m anticipation, or in expectation of appro-
priations to be made by Congress, is a question
to be defiided by the Senate. There was no
intention to do wrong. The letter read by the
Senator from Iowa shows that it was entirely
unintentional on his part; and the reason given
is, that he could not ascertain the distances be-
tween the various points it was desirable to sur-
vey in order to bring lands into market.
There is no pretext that the surveyor general
intended to violate the law. It is very natural
that such a mistake should arise in an unexplored
country, where the officer had to suppose the
distance between certain points. These surveys
were, -to some extent, in a part of the State
where very few had traveled. The public policy
was to bring large bodies of land into market in
Qalifornia, where there was such an immense
quantity of public land, and so little in the hands
of private individuals. All these things being
considered, it was thought in California that not
the slightest blame attached to anybodyin con-'
nectjon with this matter. The reduction of the
! appropriation was unlooked for and unexpected.
| California is very distant from here, and it Was'
l some time before the reduction in the'appropria-
