1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
tion was known. The surveyor general is one of
the most correct and honorable men ever known
in the country—a man whose name is historical;
and he deserves no censure on account of his
having, from the great distance he was from the
seat of Government, necessarily been ignorant for
a long time of what the legislation of Congress
was. It was upwards of three months after the
fiscal year commenced before he knew what the
action of Congress was. There was no man m
that State who supposed he violated the law, or
attached blame to him.
- Besides, the work has been done. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office so reports,
and he recommends payment of this amount be-
cause it has been well done. The public lands
have been surveyed. There was no intention to
create a deficiency. There is no deficiency for the
present fiscal year; for the very moment it was
ascertained that there was likely to be a shortness
of appropriation, instructions were given, and
they have rigidly confined all contracts to the ap-
propriations. The Senator says the contracts are
running. The instructions were to confine all
contracts to the amount appropriated; and it has
been done.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from California
alsoevades the very pointatissue: thatis, whether
an officer of this Government has the right to go
on without authority of Congress and make con-
tracts. He states that these contracts were made
before the people in California had heard what
amount of money had been appropriated; that is
to say, in advance of the knowledge of the appro-
priation of a single dollar, they made these con-
tracts. That makes the case just $50,000 worse
than it was before. I had supposed they had
known of the appropriation of $50,000, and had
exceeded that appropriation $220,000; but it ap-
pears from the explanation of the Senator from
California, that, without any knowledge on that
subject whatever, they made contracts amounting
to $270,000, which makes the case more glaring
than I had supposed it to be.
Mr. GW1N. The contracts reach from year
to year. The same deputy surveyors have had
contracts running four or five years; they never
ceased working. There was always an estimate
of how much they would expend within each fiscal
year; and the deficiency that originated in the fis-
cal year ending 30th of June, 1857,originatedfrom
a mistake in that unsettled country in making the
estimates of what the distance would be from
point to point. It turned out to be more than was
supposed; but the contracts ran on from year to
year. In every instance, except this year, the ex-
penditure was limited to the exact amount appro-
priated by Congress. It is an expensive process
to fit out a surveying expedition. It costs many
thousands of dollars. They could not limit their
contracts to the exact amount appropriated. It
was also estimated how much would be needed
within each fiscal year; and they progressed with
their work after the 1st of July as they had be-
fore, never doubting—nor did the surveyor gen-
eral doubt—that the appropriation of Congress
would cover all the work that was required to be
done.
Mr. HARLAN. This only makes the case
more glaringly wrong; but 1 had stated this fea-
ture of the case in quoting the language of the
surveyor general. He says that his contracts
are generally without limit. The Senator from
California now says they were not limited in time;
and the surveyor general says they were not lim-
ited in amount; and we are now informed they run
from year to year, and Congress is called upon to
make this appropriation, and thus sanction that
policy, and pay the bill. I am inclined to think
the Senator from California cannot inform the]
Senate what these contracts are now. In the re- i
port of the surveyor general for the present year, :
which is before me, it is stated that they were
made without limit; and we are now informed
that they run from year to year, being without
limit cither as to amount or as to time. I
This is a very plain case to a man who is some- i
what conversant with the practical operation of i
our surveys. When deputies contract with the
Government to survey lands, they agree to sur- |
vey a certain number of townships, or sections, '
or to run certain base or correction lines. "The :
error originated, doubtless, as the Senator says, j
in a desire on the part of the officers to hasten j
the surveys; but what I object to is, that it has
been done without authority of law. And what
I demand of the Senate is, to know whether this
violation of law, so fiercely condemned yester-
day, when the item in this same appropriation bill
awaiding money to the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives was under discussion, shall be ap-
proved. It was said, I think by the Senator from
Louisiana, why did not the Clerk wait until he
knew the money could be drawn from the Treas-
ury, before he paid out money to his subordi-
nates; why did he not draw on the Treasury of the
United States for the amount, and after he had
received the money disburse it, and not presume
that Congress would, in violation of law, award
the money to him which he had illegally expend-
ed? I repeat the same argument to-day: why did
not the surveyor general of California wait until
the money had been appropriated, and until he
knew it was at his disposal?
This is the course pursued by the surveyors
general in the districts with which I am acquaint-
ed. You appropriate $I00,000with which to pros-
ecute surveys of lands in Iowa, or Minnesota, or
Wisconsin, and the surveyor general of that dis-
trict will limit his contracts specifically within the
amount of appropriation, and if a deputy applies
for a contract under him after the amount of money
has been reached which has been appropriated by
Congress, he is denied, and properly denied, work.
So itoughtto have been, and ought to be now,in
California, and so, as I humbly conceive, it ought
to be in supplying provisions for the Army of the
United States. When the officer of the Govern-
ment on whom this duty devolves has contracted
for supplies to the amount of the appropriations,
he has fulfilled his whole duty. When informed
of this fact, if, in his opinion, the safety or effi-
ciency of the Army requires an additional expend-
iture of money, it is his duty to inform Congress
of the public necessity lequiiing additional appro-
priations of money; and if refused by Congress,
to restrict the operations of the Army within the
necessary limits. Should the public interests suf-
fer, the responsibility would then be with the rep-
resentatives of the people and of the States. The
President would be discharged from blame.
I had supposed that this was the theory of our
Government, tliatCongress held the purse strings,
aifd that although the Executive did hold the
sword, Congress could control the Executive, and
thus control the Army and Navy by the amount
of money appropriated for their support. But it
would seem from the doctrine advanced here to-
day, and by the oldest and ablest Senators too, I
am sorry to say, that the Executive may go on ad
libitum, that his own view of public policy or the
public interests are to control Congress in determ-
ining the amount of money to be expended, and
not the views of Congiess to control by law the
policy of the President.
I have only referred to this California case as
perhaps a striking illustration of the character of
the contracts, for the payment of which this im-
mense amount of money is demanded. If the
President max go 0,1 without authority of Con-
gress, through his subordinates, and contract a
debt of nearly ten million dollars, I inquire if he-
may not of one hundred million dollars ? If it is
mere matter for his discretion and not the discre-
tion of Congress, I should like to know the limit
beyond winch the Executive shall not pass. I am
told by the honorable Senator from Louisiana that
we are under no obligation in law to pay this
money. Well, if not, I am not willing to pay it
until I know personally that the work has been
done, by an investigation to be had here before a
committee of this body, as he proposed in another
case, as before stated.
A nd I will go still further with the Senator, and
withhold other appropriations in this bill. Let
a committee be appointed, with power to send for
persons and papers; let a thorough examination
of the public necessity for these enormous ex- j
penditures be had before a committee of this Sen-
ate; and if justified by such necessity, assu me
the debt thus created. But I fear, sir, that a crit-
ical examination of the whole subject will show
some of these Army contracts to be as reckless
and unjustifiable as the California land-surveying
contracts; that they arc practically without limit
as to amount and as to time. I notice one in the
paper sent here by the Secretary of War—a con- j
tract for beef cattle—for three thousand five hun
dred beeves, to be delivered in Salt Lake, and ten
thousand more if the wants of the army shall re-
quire it; three thousand five hundred to be deliv-
ered now, and ten thousand more if the wants of
the army shall requii e it, at the same rates. I would
inquire of the Senate, whether Congress has au-
thorized this unlimited contract for beef? When
did Congress authorize this immense expenditure
of money? Calculating, however, as did the sur-
veyor general of California, that the same liberal
policy hitherto pursued would again be followed
out, the contracts have been made, and you are
called on now to foot the bill for three thousand five
hundred beeves, and will in time, doubtless, for
the remaining ten thousand; and that, too, with-
out authority of Congress, and, so far as I am in-
formed, without a public necessity justifying this
assumption of power on the part of the President.
None can be pleaded, as Congress has been in ses-
sion during the period in which this immense
expenditure has been made.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator says there is nothing
in the papers to indicate that the making of con-
tracts to an amount exceeding the appropriations
is not now going on. I have already told the Sen-
ate that now there is no deficiency, that there is no
contract which is permitted to exceed the appro-
priations for the present fiscal year, and that the
surveyor general has been peremptorily instruct-
ed, and was, when he was appointed, to limit all
his contracts and all his expenditures to the ap-
propriation for the year, and to create no deficien-
cies whatever. He has so limited his expenditures,
and no man can truthfully say otherwise. As to
these running contracts, they were necessary on
account of the nature of the country to be surveyed.
The distances were not known. They had to be
estimated. The contracts could not be given out
there, as in Iowa, for so many townships and
so many sections; but they were between such
and such points, as between the San Bernardino
mountain and the Colorado river, estimated to be
a certain distance; but when it was surveyed there
were more townships and more sections than were
originally supposed. It was never intended to
exceed the appropriation made by law.
KANSAS T.ECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a privileged question.
It is for the purpose of making a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Kansas bill.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator as to a fact. If I understand the case cor-
rectly, I shall object to the report. I ask theSen-
i ator if the bill on which he proposes to make his
report is in the Senate, or in the House of Rep-
resentatives. If the bill is in the House, I make
the point that the Senator cannot report without the
bill. The parliamentary law is, that the House
agreeing to the conference has possession of the
bill and the accompanying papers. That House,
in this case, is the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chjpr.) The Chair is under the impression
that although a privileged question, still, as there
is a bill before the Senate, this report cannot be
received until that bill be disposed of in some way
by a vote of the Senate.4
Mr. GREEN. I apprehend there is no objec-
tion to what I propose to do. The object is simply
to present the report, and make it the special order
for a certain time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair of
course will receive it by general consent.
Mr. STUART. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend that it is the
privilege of a conference committee to report at
any time.
Mr. GREEN. And to ask for the considera-
tion of the renort at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that while a question is pend-
ing before the'Senate, and-under actual debate,
that subject can be interrupted, except by a vote
of the Senate. The IHh rule of the Senate pre-
scribes that—
" When a question is under debate, no motion shaH be
received but 10 adjourn, to lie on the tahie, to postpone
iiidyfautel)', to pobtpoue to a day ceitcnn, to commit, or
amend."
The only motion there that is extrinsic of the
subject under debate is a motion to adjourn.
Mr, GREEN. Rather than raise any question
of order, I move to lay the subject now before us
