1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2783
are retained by the alteration to the breech-load-
ing gun. The major of ordnance, however, on
that subject informs us that the gun has been al-
tered at an expense of from two dollars and a half
to three dollars; that this altered gun has been
fired thirteen hundred and fifty times without any
materia! injury. Now, sir, I apprehend that no
musket in the service of the United States has
ever been fired thirteen hundred and fifty times,
unless it be on a test precisely like this; but, in
ordinary service, a musket may be manufactured
and be in an arsenal for five years, and never be
fired that much, although it may be used in two
or three campaigns. Sportsmen's guns are, of
course, used very often. If this be so, if the gun
has been tested at a service charge of thirteen hun-
dred and fifty times, it is a sufficient test to prove
its durability. I do not know that the report says
anything about the escape of gases, which would
render the gun somewhat inefficient; but I pre-
sume it does.
I believe the cost of the United States musket
at our armories is §13 80. We can alter that gun
and give it ail the advantages of a breech-loading
gun at an additional cost of two dollars and fifty
cents or three dollars and fifty cents; and then we
have a gun which has the advantages of a breech-
loading gun, besides all the advantages of the ori-
ginal musket. Now, the ordinary breech-loading
gun possesses great advantages m the hands of
mounted troops, and of riflemen, and of light
troops. It is short, easily carried, slung upon the
shoulders; it is light, and has a very great range;
but for infantry, as the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs has said, you want the
ordinary musket; and I agree with him it cannot
be dispensed with. But it is a wonderful im-
provement if you can communicate to the musket
all the advantages of breech-loading. In the first
place, there is a greater rapidity of firing. I do not
know what the test here has shown of that rapidity;
but certainly when you load the gun with a fixed
cartridge at the breech, holding it horizontally in
the left hand, without using a rammeratall, you
can fire it with much greater rapidity than in the
old way. I have seen one of these guns within
a few days past, and the alteration appears to be
exceedingly simple; but no man would venture
upon an opinion as to the utility of that altei aiion
without some such test as has been here pre-
scribed. We are told by the major of ordnance
that it has been fired thirteen hundred and fifty
times. I am bound to rely on that. I regard that
as a sufficient test. 1 have been usmgguns all my
life; I buy every new gun that is made. When-
ever I hear of a gun invented, I send and get it. I
try them all, and if a gun stood that number or
half that number of charges, if there was no dis-
placement, no givingway, no escape of gases on
the five hundredth charge, I should consider that
an ample test.
Improvements in fire-arms are taking place
around us every day. They are progressive. They
are more or less costly. The chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has alluded to the
improvement in the ball, and he seems to prefer
loading the musket at the muzzle. You have
conical ball with the hollow base, or what is
called by tlie French engineers, a la tige. .There is
a'little point placed on the breech of the gun, a j
cone—it has now come to that. Originally the
ball was smooth on the bottom; it lay upon the
powder, and it was enlarged by a blow of the
rammer. The ball underwent many changes It
was formed of cup shape at the bottom, and then
it was forced down to the powder, and the powder
was forced into it; but that produced greater im-
pingement of the barrel to obtain the range which
you wanted. Subsequently they placed a small
cone upon the breech of the gun at a very small
expense, and forced the ball upon that cone, and
the vis inertice which is there produced by the con-
tact between the ball and the pin, takes the powder
a little longer to ignite, but there you get greater
impingement. Here the insertion of the cartridge
at the base, 1 presume, gives you all the impinge-
ment without the disadvantage of loading with a
rammer. 1 do not pretend to put my opinion in
these matters at all against that of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, because he
has these subjects under his control—he sees all
these new guns, and I rely very greatly on his
judgment as to them all; but I do not see why,
if we can alter our muskets at this cheap rate,
preserving all the advantages of a musket, and
deriving at the same time all the advantages of
rapidity of loading at the breech, we should not
do it at this small expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, these sci-
entific discussions upon the subject of arms are
very edifying; but I suppose that if the Senate
wait to decide this question until they understand
it, and decide it with reference to the value of
these particular arms and the different kinds of
them, we shall have a somewhat lengthened dis-
cussion. Now, there were some things that the
Committee on Finance understood. They under-
stood that the Secretary of War asked for an ap-
propriation of $100,000 for the purpose of expend-
ing that amount in the alteration of old arms, and
| in the alteration of old arms according to a par-
i ticular patent, and for the benefit, so far as it
! might inure to his benefit, of a particular person,
| the United States being benefited of course. They
j understood, also, that there was a very great differ-
i ence of opinion among military officers as to the
advantagesof the several kinds of breech-loading
arms, and that it was by no means a settled ques-
tion, it was a question that was open; some
officeis prefeired one kind, some another kind;
some preferred to have arms of an entirely diffcr-
\ ent description; but the Secretary it seems rec-
! ommended that this sum (and it is the only thing
' that he did recommend m that particular) should
be appropriated for this special purpose, to pro-
cure the alteration of the old arms in one way. In
that state of facts the Finance Committee came to
the conclusion, as I understood, as one member
of the committee, that it being a disputed point,
it being doubtful, it being by no means settled one
way or the othei, it was advisdblc not to make
the appropriation, and they therefore proposed to
stnke out the appropriation which had been in-
serted for that purpose. They did not undertake
to make any specification, to apply the money in
a different way, for two reasons: in the first place,
because they had no practical acquaintance with
the subject which would enable them to do so, and
in the next place, because the Secretary of War
had asked for an appropriation for a specific pur-
s pose and for no other. He did not tequire what
I is now proposed by the Commi-tee on Military
! Affairs He made no lecommendation such as is
j now made,as I understand, by the Military Com-
I mittee.
! Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Maine will
permit me, I will only say that the Committee on
Finance furnished the Committee on Military Af-
fairs with the information of the desire of the Sec-
retary of War to purchase a thousand breech-
loading arms of a particular pattern, which he
named in a letter, winch was sent fiom the Com-
mittee on Finance to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Most unquestionably he
wished to do what is provided for by this appro-
priation of $100,000—nothing further.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state to the Senate that
since the Finance Committee had the subject un-
der consideration, a letter was sent by the Secre-
tary of War to the chairman of the committee,
which was handed to me yesteiday;andfiom that
letter I have lead a request of the Secietary for
an appropriation of $45,000 for purchasing breech-
loading guns; but that was subsequent to the
meeting of the Finance Committee, and therefore
! the Senator from Maine did not know it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was unknown to
me. I was not aware of the fact.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the basss on which the
Military Committee have acted in pioposing the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I understand the
Committeeou -Military Affairs propose an appro-
priation of $100,000.
Mr. DAVIS. For a double purpose. We did
not alter the amount. For myself, i do not think
the amount is necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there is one por-
tion of the amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs which was recommended
: and approved by the Secretary of War. Another
I portion of it, as 1 understand, is a suggestion of
the Committee on MilitaryAffairs alone, and does
not come fiom the Secretary.
Mr. DAVIS. Not quite that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should be very glad t©
hear the explanation.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a proposition to change
I old muskets, which, 1 think, referred to those that
| were still fiint locks; and it is a change so far, that
■ we propose to give the money to after them ac-
j cording to the present models, instead of alter-
: ing them according to some new breech-loading1
model.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Committee on
j Military Affairs, if I understand it—and I am glad
to have this explanation, it is what I desired to
get—take the original proposition of the Secretary
of War for an alteration of the old arms in a par-
ticular mode and connect it with his more recent
communication to the Finance Committee for the
purpose of breech-loading arms of approved
models. The Military Committee connect the two
I together, and make the proposition which is now
! before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. No; I do not think our conduct is
quite so defensible as that. We alter the propo-
sition to change the old arms by adopting a new
mode of changing the old arms, and coupling that
with the move recent proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they adopt the prop-
osition of the Secretary in part, and reject it in
part?
Mr. DAVIS. Well, yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now we have a full un-
derstanding on that subject. My objection goes
to the whole. I do notsee the necessity of making
the appropriation at all. Certainly, the proposi-
tion originally before us was in the nature of an
experiment. To be sure it was recommended by
some of the ordnance officers, but it was not a.
conclusive recommendation; because, as I said
befoie, the officers of the Army are by no means
united m their opinions on that point. The Cum-
in u tee on Finance, therefore, in my judgment, de-
cided well and wisely m saying that they would
not undertake to put into the hands of the Sec-
retary of War $100,001) for the purpose of appro-
priating it for one particular object alone, and that
object as yet an experiment. I agree with the
Military Committee that that must be called an
expeiiment winch has not been tried to a ccitain
extent in actual service. There is nothing in all
the papers, or in any information that has been
furnished anywhere, that i have seen, showing
the necessity, at the present time, of making the
appropwation at all. The whole thing is exper-
imental. I am for acting on some sort of princi-
ple m reference to these matters. We have been
talking here all the session about the necessity
of saving money wherever we can. Now, is there
any pressing necessity for the use of these arms?
Is there any want of arms of approved models m
the public service now 3 I have not heard of any.
If there is such a want, I am ready to make the
appropriation; but if there is nor, I am opposed
to making an appropriation of this sum, or of any
other sum, for the puipose of trying these exper-
iments at the present period; and that is the
ground of my objection to the whole thing.
As to ilie pioposition as it was originally made,
I think there can be no doubt it is nothing more
nor less than doing what Senators have expressed
themselves here as entnely opposed to, and that
is, advertising a particular kind of arm; for what-
ever may be said, and however general may be
the language jn winch the recommendation of the
Secretary of War is couched, it comes to this:
that it is a proposition to appropriate $100,000
for the purpose of altering the arms according to
a particular patent—Morse's patent. The very
papers which have ueen read at the table, show
that that is the object; and if you make the ap-
propriation m any shape, giving a'discretion to
the Secretary, the result will be that the Secretary
may, if he chooses—and we are bound to behove
he will—follow his own judgment, m opposition to
the judgment of any board of officers; for we have
1 hud the evidence before us that he has done cer-
tain things with regard to matters connected with
his Department, in direct opposition to the opin-
ions of officers of the Army, and has given a re-
buke when they undertook to intimate to him that
certain things with reference to the military prop-
el ty of the United States ought not to be done,
telling them pretty cleatly and plainly to confine
themselves to their duty m obeying orders, with-
out undertaking to advise him.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to put this sum of
$100,000, or any other sum, at the discretion of
the Secretary of War, to be used in the purchase
