1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
on the table for the purpose of allowing me to
make my report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, I make the point,
that inasmuch as the bill on which the Senator
proposes to make his report is with the House of
Representatives, and has not been returned here,
there is no subject before the Senate on which he
can make the report.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that we have a
practice of our own. It will be found that our
practice as to committees of conference does not
square exactly with that laid down in the Manual;
and, in point of fact, I believe we aie entitled to
the papers, if we choose to demand them. The
Senate asked 'the conference; and, according to
my recollection, the House asking the conference,
is entitled to the papers.
Mr. GREEN. I propose to make, a report.
The Senator from Michigan raises a point of
order, on the ground that I have not got the bill.
He does not know whether I have got it or not.
He asked me the question, and did not wait for
me to answer. Now, I intend to answer, and my
answer is this: the report will show whether I
have got the bill or not. I rise to a privileged
question, which, under parliamentary law, enti-
tles me to the floor and to be heard; and when
my report is made, if it be not in proper form, the
Senate can take the proper course upon it; and
when my report is presented it will show whether
I have the bill or not. $
But I go further than that. If, when the report
is read, it should be found that I have not the
House bill, or the Senate bill, I will give a reason
for it, which, under parliamentary law, is satis-
factory and legal. The bill cannot be in the pos-
session of both Houses at the same time. Yet
when a joint committee of conference come to an
agreement, each branch of the committee has a
right to report instanter before either House acts
upon it. You cannot divide the bill; you cannot
tear it into pieces, and take a part to the House
of Representatives, and part to the Senate. It
cannot be ubiquitous. It must be in the one or
the other; and yet both have the parliamentary
right to act; and on what do they act, when we
come to the reason of the thing? They do not
act upon the bill; they act upon the report. They
do not act upon the House amendment; they
act upon the report. Each House knows its own
proceedings. The Senate knows what bill it
proposed to pass. The House of Representatives
knows what it proposed to pass. The report of
the joint committee of conference is the subject-
matter for the action of the two Houses, but not
the bill. You cannot go back, and strike at the
bill. You cannot even go back and propose to
amend the bill. The bill is not under considera-
tion; and hence I claim the right to report to the
Senate the result of the deliberations of the joint
committee of conference. When the report is
made, if it be deficient in not having the bill, the
Senator's point of order will be time enough; but
he cannot know in advance what I have in my
hand; nor do I deem it my duty to inform him.
He ought to raise points of order upon what he
knows; not upon what he does not know.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, so far as the
Senator advises me, I am much obliged to him.
Now I do know that he has not got the bill.
Mr. GREEN. You do not.
Mr. STUART. The Senator may talk about
what he knows. I do know 
Mr. GREEN. Why did you ask me the ques-
tion, then ?
Mr. STUART. I do know that the bill is be-
fore the House of Representatives at this time.
Now, the Senator asks me, and it is a very proper
question, why I inquired of him whether he had
the bill. J did it because it was parliamentary and
respectful to him as a Senator. That is the rea-
son; and if he would treat me and the Senate upon
the same principle, he would save $ great many
of the hard words ho uses. i
Now,let us look at what is the practical effect. |
One House or the other must heive the control of ;
a bill, so that when it is finally acted upon they '
may transmit it to the Executive for his approval
or disapproval; and hence there is no action in '<
either House upon a bill unless the bill is before
it. Take this case: the Manual says that the '
House agreeing to the conference has possession '
of the bill. What follows ? The committee of
the House having possession of tlie bill makes its
report of what the committee of conference has
agreed upon. The vote of the House is taken.
If that House agrees to its report, it orders its
Clerk to send a message to the Senate, informing
the Senate that the House has agreed to the report
of the committee of conference, and they trans-
mit that information with the bill to the Senate.
Then the Senate committee reports and calls for
the action of the Senate upon the bill. If the Senate
also agrees to the report of the conference, what
is the effect? The Senator thinks the Senate does
not vote upon the bill. Technically speaking,
that is true; but they vote upon a report which
passes the bill; and being then in the possession
of the Senate, the Senate instructs its officers to
transmit that bill to the Executive, it having passed
both Houses, according to parliamentary law, al-
though the bill itself, by itself, never passed either
House. That is true; but we all understand the
parliamentary law, and here, then, is the practical
effect: when you have the bill you vote upon the
report; you receive the report and act upon it, or
postpone it to any day you please for action; but
until you have the bill h'ere, you have nothing to
act upon. Now, sir, suppose  4
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the honorable Senator that the Chair
can know nothing of what is contained in the re-
port, hoi* can the Chair be informed from anything
that takes place in the debate. The Chair takes
it for granted that the chairman of the committee
proposes to make a report; and if the Senate is
prepared to receive the report, it must be made.
If there be any objections to it afterwards, they
can be presented after tiie Senate receives the re-
port; but, in the judgment of the Chair, it is a
question for the Senate, not a point of order.
Mr. STUART. I was coming to that point.
The Senator from Missouri says that he refuses
to tell the- President and the Senate whether he
has got the bill or not, but insists on reporting as
a privileged question. Now, sir, unless he has
got the bill there is no privileged question; and I
object therefore to his right to report. He has no
right to report.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question. Does he say that our committee can-
not report because they have not the bill m their
possession ?
Mr. STUART. I do.
Mr. PUGH. There are twenty precedents, I
think, since 1 have been a member of the Senate.
I recollect one case in the last session of the last
Congress, where the Senate conferees came back,
and made a written report themselves to the Sen-
ate, and signed it; I was one of them, and they
had not the bill in their possession at all.
Mr. STUART. I suppose I can refer the Sen-
ator to a thousand, or two thousand, or ten thou-
sand cases, where a bill has been read three times
and passed on the same day. Why was it done >
Because there was no objection to it—that is the
reason. In this case I see fit to make the objec-
tion, and require that the parliamentary law shall
be complied with; and without the bill, I object
to the report, and there is no right to make it.
I was stating that the Senator cannot, by re-
fusing to say whether he has got the bill or not,
make his report as a privileged question, and thus
put it beyond the powerof the Senate to object to
it. My objection is to the reception of the report,
to the motion that he makes as a privileged mo-
tion because he has not the bill, and without it
he has not got a privileged motion. The bill is
in the House of Representatives, and may never
come away from there. Then what is the action
of the Senate for? Suppose we should spend the
remainder of the session here in discussing the
question of whether we will agree to the report or
not; we have not got the bill and cannot get it;
and if the other House never comes to a determin-
ate conclusion upon it, we never can get it; what
earthly consequence is it what is the opinion of
the Senate on this subject?
The Chair will see, then, that the point I make
is one to which there is no answer. I agree with
the Senator from Ohio (and it is stated by the
Senator from Virginia also) thatthis is often done
at the last days of a session; we receive reports
in both Houses; we read bills three times on one
day; we do anything by common consent that
will facilitate business; we do it without objec-
tion; but if the parliamentary Ia.w means anything
when it says that the House agreeing to the con-
ference retains the "papers, it-means that the first
action is by the House which'.retams the papers.
Until they have acted decidedly upon'it.'andin-
form us of the result, and send the papers tq us,
we cannot act. • . ' ' '
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senafor will
allow me to suggest to him that there, se^ms take
an obscurity in the case which he presents to the
Senate. He asks the chairman of the committee
on conference whether he has the bill; and,seems
to assume that the propriety of receiving.the re-
port depends upon the fact whether the chairman
of the committee of conference has it or not. Now,
it seems to me that one House or the other is in
possession of this bill, by parliamentary law and
m point of fact. It cannot be between the two
Houses, in the rotunda; it cannot be with the
chairman of the committee of each House. One
House has got it, and the other has not got it;
and it cannot have got out of the possession of
the right House into any person's hand, or the
hand of any chairman, so as to withdraw it from
the possession of that House. I do not know
which of these two Houses this bill belongs to at
this stage of the business. I do not know, as a
practical question, who has it—whether the Sen-
ate has it, and whether it is in the hands of the
Senate's portion of the committee of.conference,
or whether the House of Representatives has it,
and it is in the possession, constructively, of the
House, but in fact, for the use of the conference,
in the hands of the chairman. But it is in one
place or the other, to be acted upon, legislatively,
by the proper House.
Now, the honorable Senator ought tojenow, for
he is very well skilled in these points of order,
whether the Senate has got the bill or whether it
has not. If the chairman has it, he has it not at
all for this purpose, unless he has it as a trustee
or agent of the Senate, and to return it again to
the Senate. So in regard to the other House. It
is very clear that we must have the bill before re-
ceiving the report, because the Senate is presumed
not to know what the report is. If the report of
the committee should be that the Senate.should re-
cede from its position, then the bill will be passed,
as I understand,asitcamefrom theHouse;andit
will be the identical bill which the House passed,
and it is a vote on the bill.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from New
York will allow me a moment, I think I will sat-
isfy him and the Senate that what I said is true.
I said I did know that the Senator making this mo-
tion had not the bill. I alluded to what I know
as a parliamentary fact, that the whole Senate
knows; and let me tell you why. The parlia-
mentary law says that the House agreeing to
the conference has the possession of the papers
when the conference breaks up. That I know as
matter of law; that you know, Mr. President, as
presiding officer of this body. That is the law
which governs conferences; and the presump-
tion is that this conference committee has acted
agreeably to the law. Now, until the Clerk of
the House of Representatives announces to you in
the ordinary parliamentary mode that he returns
that bill to the Senate, you know as the presid-
ing officer of this body, I knowj as a Senator of
the body, and all the Senate know, that it is not
here, and that the Senator from Missouri has not
got it.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Michigan
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BIGGS. Suppose, as in this case, an
amendment, sent to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives to a bill originating in this body, is dis-
agreed to by the Senate. Suppose a committee
of conference is raised by the two Houses, and
the committee agree to recommend that the Sen-
ate recede from its amendment. Then the only
thing to be acted upon is, whether the Senate will
agree to recede. Then, I ask, whether, or not, the
Senate committee, under those circumstances,
could report, and have that action of the Senate by
which the hill would be passed, without haying
any notice from the House of Representatives ?
It may be, in this case, for aught I know, that
that may be the report. In a case of that kind,
there would be no action to be had upon the bill,
except the action of the Senate receding from their
amendment, and then the bill would foe passed.
