THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
Of arms of any description at the present time. If
^here'was a pressing'necessity for it, 1 would do
•fa'hattta necessity required; but so long as there
is'no- necessity for it, I am opposed even to the
amendment suggested by the chairman of the
porcuni-ttee on Military Affairs, and certainly to
tihe amount that is there stated—putting the large
fivm "of $100*000 into the hands of the Secretary
^f War for the purpose of making these experi-
ments at the present time. As it is, I hope the
Amendment of the Senator from Louisiana will
be rejected, because that would bring the matter
Back, I think, to its worst shape, which is allow-
ing the Secretary of War a discretion on the sub-
ject, and power to expend what he pleases of the
Appropriation for the purchase of this particular
4rm and making these particular alterations; and
I am opposed, also, though not so much, to the
amendment that has been offered by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, for the reasons I have
stated, connected with the Treasury and con-
nected with my disinclination to allow this money
to go into the hands of the Secretary of War at
the present time for the purpose- of making these
experiments.
Mr. HUNTER. I know that time is precious,
and I hope that wc shall be able to take the vote
"on this amendment, because there are a groat
many others on which we shall have to decide,
and I trust we shall get through with this bill
some time to-day. In regard to the amendment
of the Committee on Finance, on which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana commented, I will say that,
so far as 1 was concerned, it was founded on this:
it seemed to mc that the present was no time to
expend $100,000 in the trialof experiments. The
Appropriations for the armories are large—I think
some four hundred thousand dollars. In addition
to that, there is a permanent standing appropria-
tion of §200,000 for arming the militia, (the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will correct me if I am
■wrong,) and I do not see why a portion of it might
not be devoted to the purpose of breech-loading
arms if the Secretary ofWardesires them. Under
these circumstances, and in consideration of the
condition of the Treasury, it seemed to us better
to postpone this experiment, and to strike out the
provision altogether. It will be, however, for
the Senate to determine. The subject has been
fully debated; and I hope we shall come to a vote
on this question, and proceed to the consideration
of the otner amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana to the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana is simply reducing the sum,
1 understand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My amendment is to divide
the-sum between the proposal of the Secretary of
War and the proposal of the Committee on ftlil-
itary Affairs. If that amendment be adopted, the
appropriation can afterwards be either reduced or
stricken out.
Mr. HUNTER. I am for striking it out en-
tirely, I do not care what amendments are put on
it. I am against the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana is to make
the clause read, "for the alteration of old arms
eo as to make them conform to the present mod-
els, $50,000; and for the purchase of approved
breech-loading arms, $50,000."
Mr. PEARCE. 1 shall not detain the Senate
longer than to say that I cannot give my vote for
that amendment. Fifty thousand dollars will se-
cure the alteration of twenty thousand stand of
arms at $2 50 apiece, which we are told by the
Secretary will be the cost. I think that is too
large for an experiment. I would be willing to
go perhaps as far as four thousand stand of arms,
which would cost $10,000; and I think that would
be quite enough. That would test the value of
the guns in actual service; and we are told on the
authority of some officers of the Army, supposed
to be perfectly conversant with the subject, that
no gun ought to be reiied upon as adapted for the
use of the Army in actual service until it has been
tried in actual service. To that extent I am will-
ing to go; but otherwise I must vote against the
proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. There must be some misappre-
hension. I will merely state that the amendment
in its present form will notgive the Secretary one
dollar to convert a musket into a breechdoading
arm. That is what I want, but I suppose that is
not the object of the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have the
amendment divided. I think the Senator from
Louisiana has drawn it so as not to meet his pur-
pose. N
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not hear the reading
of the amendment, and I do not know how the
Secretary may have it; but my proposition was
that the $100,000 appropriated in the House bill
should be divided, $50,000 towards the purpose
mentioned in the bill, and the other$50,000 to the
purpose mentioned in the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs—one half for the pur-
chase of breech-loaders, and the other half to make
the change in the arms which the Committee on
Military Affairs prefer to the breech-loading.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. That is just an appropri-
ation of $50,000 to the alteration on this particu-
lar patent—Morse's patent. It is not so in words,
but that is the effect of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what the Secre-
tary of War will do, because that is what he wants
to do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator chooses to
say all kinds of breech-loading weapons, I have
no objection. I do not know in what way we can
make it more general. I do not want the appro-
priation confined to any particular patentee: I
would not vote for such an appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I mean to say is
that the Secretary of War having committed him-
self on that point, and recommended one patent
specifically; if we appropriate $50,000, of course
he will use the money in that particular way and
for that particular purpose, as he ought to do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand not. I un-
derstand that having made this experiment with
Morse's patent he is perfectly satisfied that that
breech-loading arm would answer in service, and
he wants to try it; but he is notsatisfied that others
would notanswer also. Having satisfied himself
by experiment with one of these patents that this
great benefit can be done to the public service, he
asks for an appropriation sufficient not only to
try that patent, but others also which he has not
yet tried. I do not care how it is worded.
Mr. DIX.ON. Allow me to call the Senator's
attention to the recommendation of the Secre-
;i tary of War. He says, " esteeming Morse's
I breech-loading principle the best," he recom-
j mends that:
j Mr. SLIDELL. There is no doubt at all that,
| as at present informed, the Secretary of War con-
i aiders that Morse's breech-loading gun is the
}| best arm of the kind; but the passage of this clause
" in the appropriation bill does not, by any means,
restrict Mr. Floyd to the use of Mr. Morse's pat-
ent, or to the employment of Mr. Morse in any
way. Other models of arms may be presented to
him which, to his mind, may appear to secure
greater advantages than Morse's gun now pre-
sents; and I hope it is not necessary for me here
to repeat what I have already said, that I disavow
altogether everyfeeling of that sort, and I should
be just as much opposed to this appropriation, if
it were made to i-nure specifically to the benefit
of Mr. Morse, as any man in this Chamber; but
I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that this is not
a simple question of the appropriation of $50,000.
There is a large combination, a lobby inteiest,
that is employed in getting up a feeling on this
subject. They think that the men who are now
m the charge of the Department; the men at the
head of the ordnance bureau; the men upon whom
Mr. Floyd would rely, are satisfied, as at present
informed, that Mr. Morse's gun is the best, and
that Mr. Floyd will probably make use of it. It
is in order to prevent such a trial and such a test
of Mr. Morse's gun, that a great influence has
been brought to bear here in the Senate. I have
had occasion to observe it. Men have been ap-
ptoached and asked to vote against this appropri-
ation, not bccause the invention was not a good
one, but because it would interfere with certain
manufacturers and patentees. That is the real
secret of the interest that has been elicited m this
debate. There are other instruments behind.
"Mr. PEARCE. If there arc any outsido in-
fluences brought to bear on the Senate, they have
not been brought to bear on me.
Mr. SLIDELL. I certainly did not allude to
the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE. But without some explanation,
the remark might be understood as rathergeneral.
Mr. SLIDELL. Nobody, of course, would
attempt to influence the Senator from Maryland;
but ho doubt he has heard of opposition origina-
ting from conflicting inventors in the matter.
Mr. PEARCE. I have heard nothing in the
world but this: I have talkea with the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] in regard to
Burnside'sgun, which I understand doesnotcomo
in competition with this, being for a different pur-
pose; his gun, I believe, is a carbine intended for
mounted men. He has shown me that gun; I
have examined it, and he made a statement to me
in relation to the negotiations between the Sec-
retary of War and the company, of which Mr.
Buinside is one. That I have heard. In the next
place, I have seen Mr. Morse, the only inventor
whom I have seen, and he showed me his gun,
which is the only gun I have seen except that of
Burnside;and that is the only conversation I have
had on the subject with a living soul outside of
the committee except the Senator from Louisiana,
with whom I had a little talk. If any outside in-
fluence 
Mr. SLIDELL. It is scarcely necessary to
repeat that I did not allude to the Senator from
Maryland at all; bccause I happened to know all
about his connection with this matter. The Sen-
ator from Maryland will not expect me to put my
finger on the man, and say, this Senator has been
approached in that way for the purpose of defeat-
ing this opposition.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly not.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not exactly hear what the
Senator from Louisiana said; he spoke of inter-
est exhibited in this matter. I have exhibited
some interest in this matter.
Mr. SLIDELL. I must disclaim any allusion
to the Senator from Mississippi, fori have never
had any conversation with him on the subject of
this gun; but other Senators have told me that
they have been approached, and that there was a
lobby influence at work here in order to defeat the
appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an interest in preserving
the old muskets; but my amendment is equally
open to any breech-loading arms.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am very unfortunate 
Mr. DAVIS. I will not ask the Senator, of
course, for any further statement. I want none.
Mr. SLIDELL. If I have not been able to
make myself understood, I repeat, there are other
gentlemen in the Senate who, if they thought
proper, could say that they have been appealed
to by other patentees and inventors to defeat this
appropriation, if they choose to mention it them-
selves, I have no sort of objection; but I do not
see why I should be called upon to say who these
gentlemen are.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask the Senator to make
any such statement. I have no desire to exact
anything of that kind. The only interest that I
am aware of, is an interest to get appropriations;
I have never yet encountered anybody that came
here showing great zeal to prevent an appropria-
tion. The man who endeavors to prevent an ap-
propriation is very apt to be exposed to assault.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Louisiana whether he had any allu-
sion to me ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not know whether I
made any allusion to the Senator from New York,
but I certainly inferred, from what he said to me,
that he had been addressed by men having an ad-
verse interest.
Mr. SEWARD. I thought it was possible that
that was the case, and that was the reason I rose
to make an explanation. Yesterday morning the
honorable Senator from Louisiana called my at-
tention to this subject, and I answered him that I
was very willing to examine the matter of Morse's
patent, and more, that I felt it to be my duty to
do so, because I had been spoken to on the sub-
ject with an adverse view of it. I turns out, how-
ever, that I misled the honorable Senator, because
I find that I was solicited by the other party, who
addressed me in favor of this appropriation, not
against it.
Mr SLIDELL. Then the Senator from New
