074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
planation the Senator has made that there i3 that
kind of feeling on the part of officers; but it is that
mode of examination of which I think the coun-
try complains. A man may very well be qualified
to be a soldier, and yet not undergo the examina-
tion instituted at West Point.
Mr. DAVIS. No. Not the examination at
West Point. It is a very low standard of edu-<
cation that is prescribed. I do not believe the
most of our field officers could conduct such an
examination as is conducted by the professors at
West Point. This examination is on the very
lowest scale of common school, or what is termed
English education; and if a man possess that, he
is reported as competent. I will here say that one
of the objects which the late Secretary of War (for
I hate to refer to myself) had in providing for that
examination by a board of officers, was to stand
in the way of appointments by political influence,
to throw around the man of merit the shelter
which such an examination would give to him,
and make it a matter perforce with the Adminis-
tration to nominate him if he had merit.
Mr. CAMERON. I repeat, 1 am glad to hear
the explanation of the distinguished gentleman at
the head of the Committee on Military Affairs;
but that is not the impression of the country. The
understanding is, that the examiners required very
high and greatqualificationsand intellectual learn-
ing, such as men who often get a diploma in col-
lege are notable to pass; and that there is a feeling
on the part of the West Point graduates entirely
averse to every man who comes in from the ranks.
That is one cause why the Army has been un-
popular, and why the country has been unwilling
to increase its force. For myself, I have no feeling
of that kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely say, in order to
be quite understood, that, so far as I know the
feelings of officers, they would much rather see
a meritorious sergeant promoted to be a commis-
sioned officer than some political favorite put in
to hold the position. They would decidedly pre-
fer it; for, from the manner of their own appoint-
ment, and the manner in which they attained to
their commissions and hold them, they are fur-
ther removed from political influences than any
body of men I know of in the country; and they
dislike political appointments.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question before the Sen-
ate is on striking out the first section of the bill;
and having made that motion 1 deem it proper to
answer some few of the objections which have
within the last two days been urged by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, more especially so as to put
myself right in some points of fact in which he
attempted to correct me. I propose to strike out
that section because it adds thirty companies to
the standing Army of the United States in time
of peace, for the great controlling reason that no
such addition to that standing Army is necessary
for the public service. I showed, m my former
remarks, that we had now eighteen thousand men
in our Army in time of peace; and not only had its
numbers increased, but its expenses had continued
to increase for the last fifteen or twenty years, not
merely m direct ratio to the numbers of the Army,
but in geometrical progression. I endeavored, in
the next place, to show that if any troops were
necessary for the war or supposed war about to
commence in Utah, or for Indian disturbances,it
would be preferable to make that addition in the
shape of volunteers, who retire from the service
when the exigency that called them into it has
passed away. I sought to show that that was the
best and the most economical mode of defondmg
the country in any particular emergency.
,It is the best, bceauso I hold that a standing
army in time of peace is dangerous to public lib-
erty. I shall not go through the argument of that
point again. I shall leave the experience of twenty
centuries, I shall leave the traditionary judgment
of the patriots and heroes of my own country, to
answer the argument of the Senator fjom Missis-
sippi. He is driven to that very force which I
want for the distinguished subjects of his eulogy
—General Washington and General Jackson.
Neither of them was educated m the Army; neither
of them was a military officer in time of peace.
Washington responded to the call of his country
when she was engaged in war; and when the exi-
gency was over he laid down his sword and took
. up the plowshare. General Jackson was taken
from the judicial bench and placed in the ranks
when his country was at war with the most pow-
erful nation on earth; and soon after the war ended
he returned to his farm. He was not an irmy
man in time of peace, but a civilian attending to
the duties of civil life. He was a member of Con-
gress some fifteen years before he ever entered the
Army.
These are the illustrious subjects which it seems
the Senator from Mississippi has selected to show
the beauties and the want of danger of a standing
army in time of peace. That is a proposition
which I oppose. The Senator admits that there
is 110 war, nor does he base his measure even upon
expected war with Utah; but he proposes it as a
permanent addition to the military force of the
United States in time of peace. I leave the ex-
perience of the past with the suggestions I have
given, to answer that portion of his speech. Next
as to the question of expenditure 
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senator passes from
the question on which he has been speaking, he
will allow me to correct a misapprehension which
he entertains of what I said. I stated that we
were at peace with all foreign countries; but not
at peace with the Indian tribes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understood the Senator to
mean that there was no present exigency of war
with the Indians or with the Mormons.
Mr. DAVIS. I brought forward a great many
cases of Indian hostilities to show that there was
a necessity for Indian campaigns, for active oper-
ations of troops among the Indians. I do not
call it war.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then we have peace and we
have war with the Indians, as we have with other
people, and we make treaties with them. I am
not satisfied that even the proposition on which
the Senator now puts his bill,changes the position
I stated; for, looking on these disturbances with
Indians as chronic, he proposes this increase of
the Army as a permanent addition to the military
force of the United States in time of peace. He
does not look to disbanding it at any future time.
I say, therefore, it is an addition to the standing
Army, in time of peace, of some seven thousand
men,carrying it from eighteen thousand to twen-
ty-five thousand men. My motion, if it prevails,
will strike out the additional thirty companies,
and leave the force of the Army, if the bill shall
then pass without that section, at about twenty-
two thousand men.
I stated, and I yet believe the statement to be
correct, that the cost of the Army of the United
States had gone up to $1,001) per man. How did
I prove it? I got it from the ofiieial documents
that the real force of the Army is about fifteen
thousand men, of every description, from the
Major General down, including all the enlisted
men in the service of the United States. Lastyear
we appropriated more than fifteen million dollars
for that Army. That gives $1,000 per mail. I
said the expense was ^1,000, because 1 derailed to
be perfectly accurate, and within the mark. I
was welt awaie of the statement made by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] that there is
a deficiency of $6,000,000 called for this year,
which would swell the expense per man to #1,400.
1 further stated that it appeared, from a report
made by the Secretary of War ill 1842, that Mr.
Calhoun had brought down the expenses of the
Army, while he was at the head of the War De-
partment, to per man. That statement
stands.
Then, how am I answered on this point? In
his first remarks, the Senator from Mississippi
alluded to fortifications and various other matters;
but let me tell him they are not included in this
estimate. The $15,000,000 include nothing but
the expenses of the Army proper, as designated
at the Department itself. It does not include a
dollar for fortifications, or for the manufacture of
arms, or for the West Point Academy, or even
for permanent supplies; but simply the expenses
of the Army proper, what is necessary to main-
tain our present force in the field. I say this fact
maintains the statement, and it is correct in all its
parts. If you had no fortifications, if you had
made no arms, my statement would be "correct,
that, according to the official figures of the Depart-
ment, it now costs $1,000 a man to maintain your
Army.
Another objection is made by the Senator from
Mississippi, that we count in the staff. I stated
that I thought this increase of expenditure ought
to be accounted for. Now, the number of men
being fewer before the Mexican war, in 1842 or
1843, than it is to-day, the counting of the staff
then, upon the same principles, when there were
fewer men, would work to the Senator's advant-
age, and not to his disadvantage, m this calcula-
tion. If we count the staff in an Army of six
thousand men, as it was then, and count the staff
now, in an Army of fifteen thousand men, and
distribute the expenses per capita, it would be two
and a half times to his advantage in the estimate
of the ratio of increase. 1 say the expenditures
of the Army have been continually increasing.
When the Army was smaller, the proportion
which fell upon each man, on account of our large
staff, was greater than it is now, when the Army
is larger; and, therefore, the Senator's argument
on that point is entirely without foundation.
To show that I am perfectly correct in regard
to the statement "which I have made as to the ex-
penses of the Army proper, I will read the speci-
fications of items from the estimates of the Secre-
tary of War:
Jlrmy Proper.
Expenses of rccruiting, transportation of recruits, throe
months extra pay to non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and puvates on reenhstment, &c... $]]0,000 00
Pay of flic Atmy  3,591,784 00
Commutation ot officers5 subsistence  U9d.*134 50
Commutation of forage for otfieers' horses Id4,l*i8 00
Payments to dischaiged soldiers ior clothing
not drawn   50,000 00
Payments m lieu of clothing f-,r officers'
servants  39,800 00
SubMstencem kind  1,980,928 0^
Clothing of the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, and iron bedsteads tor barracks, 983,654 99
Regular supplies of the Quartermaster's De-
partment   1,745,000 00
Incidental expenses of the Quartermaster's
Department     500,000 00
Barracks, quarters, Stc  790,000 U0
Transportation of officers' baggage  130.000 00
Tran^poitauon of troops and supplies.. ..3,400,000 00
Purchases ot horses for dragoons, light ar-
tillery. mounted riflemen, cavalry, and
infantry    200,000 00
Contingencies of the Army  2.>,OUO 00
Medical and hospital department   105,000 0<>
Contingent expenses of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's Department, at department head-
quarters   500 00
Expenses of the Commanding General's
olfice    2,300 <'0
.$14,776,619 <
These are the regular expenses—$15,000,000
to maintain fifteen thousand men in the military
service of the United States. Not a dollar of this
money is for any purpose but the maintenance of
those men in the service; pot a dollar for forts;
not a dollar for the manufacture of arms; not a
dollar for any purpose but to be absorbed, eaten
up, expended m the transportation, pay, and al-
lowance of these fifteen thousand men—giving
exactly $1,0U0 per man. 1 say this is a legitimate
mode of ascertaining: the expenditure of each
man; and the figures show that my statement was
correct. I stated also that the cost of a volunteer
force and the regular force was the same. The
Senator thinks I am mistaken in that. How does
he show that i am mistaken ? The law settles
that. Of course, the Senator has every opportu-
nity of knowing the fact as to this point better
than I have, except with reference to the law,
which is open to us both. The law gives volun-
teers and regulars of the same description of
force the same pay, and the same rations when in
the service of the United States. 1 know of no
difference whatever in the laws of the United
States, whether he be a militia man, a volunteer,
or a regular soldier; if he is in the service, the
pay, rations, and allowances arc the same. There
is said to be some difference in the clothing when
they come in. I was not aware of that; but I
admit that affects the calculation slightly.
Mr. D'YVIS. The Senator, I think, has not
studied the subject minutely, as he himself seems
to admit. There is, in the first place, in the law,
as he will find, an allowance made for the use and
risk of horses where the volunteers are mounted
men.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was coming to that.
Mr. DAVIS. He will find that the clothing is
apportioned by years of service; and as volun-
teers come in for a short period, they get a larger
apportionment with the beginningof the service.
Then he will find they get fifty cents a day for
their own services.
