1658.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know all that; I have not
come to it yet.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought you said there was no
difference in the law. 1 was showing that there
was a great deal of difference.
Mr, TOOMBS. I am going to show that on the
point you state there is no difference in the law.
The Senator said yesterday the volunteer got
twenty-five cents a day for his horse, and he put
that as the expense of volunteers. If he was a
regular soldier the Government would have found
the horse, and you would have to pay two or thr<5e
hundred dollars for mounting and remounting. I
suppose the Government finds it cheaper to allow
the volunteer to provide his own horse, and pay
him twenty-five cents a day for it, than to buy a
horse for him. It is oftentimes an inconvenience j
to the volunteer to furnish his own horse. The 1
Government, when it calls for volunteers, instead j
of being at the expense of paying for the horse, '
compels the volunteer to pay for him, and allows
him twenty-five cents a day for the horse's Ifire.
Mr DAVIS. Suppose the horse is lost, what
then ?
Mr.TOOMBS. TheGovernmentpays for him;
but if a horse is lost by the regulars, it is the Gov-
ernment horse, for which the Government paid in
the first instance. What is the difference ? It is the
difference between tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, that is a matter of cal-
culation, and the Senator's experience and observ-
ation are different from mine. In that connection
he quoted a statement of the late Adjutant General
Jones, that ho could not get volunteers, except
on horseback; they all wanted to ride. That offi-
cer, I admit, was very distinguished, especially
about Washington, where he passed the later years
of his life; and I do nofbeheve much anywhere
else in his latter years. I know he frequently
made reports drawing these discriminations for
I frequently had occasion, as a member of the
other branch of Congiess, to investigate Ins state-
ments. They are not unfamiliar to me. 1 know
very well that iu the Creek war, if you will go
to the War Office, over which the Senator has i
recenily presided with so much distinction, he
will find there a record of thousands of infantry
volunteers who have served the country. Within
twenty-five years, he will find that tens of thou-
sands of volun teer infantry have responded to their
country's call. On the frontier of my own State,
I have seen in arms more than five thousand in-
fantry, footsoldieis, volunteeis, m one campaign.
I once had a charge of that sort myself, like-Fal-
staff. There is no difficulty in the Government
getting infantry volunteers. When it warns them
it calls for them and obtains them. When it wants
horsemen, whether you call them dragoons or
cavalry, it calls for them, and gets just as many
as it wants. I have never known volunteers to
be asked for, in anyemergencies on the frontiers
of the United States, without obtaining as many
as. were wanted, and at the instant they were
wanted. I believe there were thousands of volun-
teer infantry who carried your standard to Mex-
ico. The difficulty in some States, especially
among our military brethren in the West; was,
that they had to cast lots to determine who should
stay at home, greatly to their mortification. So
it was in every arm of the service, whether
mounted men or infantry.
I say the Government pays regulars and volun-
teers precisely the same when they are in ser-
vice. Wiieu mounted volunteers serve they fur-
nish their own hoises, and the Government pays
nothing for them; it simply provides for their
hire and subsistence. It finds it cheaper to do
this than to buy the horse and mount the volun-
teer. If, however, it is actually cheaper for the
Government to furnish the horse, it is a great
wrong in the Administration not to do it; but it is
supposed that this is the cheapest mode of doing
the thing, and therefore the volunteer furnishes
his own horse. I believe such has been the expe-
rience of the Government; at all events, it has
been the course pursued for many years.
The Senator has referred me to a report of Mr.
Poinsett. He once presided over the War Office
for a short time; but though a very distinguished
gentleman in many respects, I do not think he
is very high military authority. The Senator
quoted from his report this extract:
"Tina enormous disparity in the expenses of the two
forces is not owing to the extravagant allowances made to
volunteers; for, except in the article of clothing, they are
no better paid than regular troops.5'
That is the report which the gentleman read,
and it shows that except in the article of cloth-
: ing, volunteers are no better paid than regular
j troops, and therefore I can cast out all the other
j items by the authority of Mr. Poinsett, which
the Senator presents.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not read the newspapers
much, and I do not know how I am reported,
but the letter from which the Senator is reading
is a letter of General Towson, late Paymaster
General.
Mr. TOOMBS. This does not state which it
is.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know what is in the
paper; I have not read it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will read the report of what
the Senator said on this point:
"The Senator from Florida [Mr. Maxlory] this mnrn-
ing referred to the letter of Mr. Poinsett. That letter com-
municated a report of the Paymaster General, who goes
beyond the limits of the then Secietaryof War. He refers
to the disparity between the cost of the two forces as nearly
eix to one, because, he says, the hoises that are employed
are merely to carry the men fro in place to place, and really
impede the march of the column."
Mr. DAVIS. I will correct that and you will
then see the point. The Senator from Florida
[Mr. Mallouy] referred to the letter of Mr. Poin-
sett, in which he stated the disparity of cost be-
tween volunteers and regulars at four to one, and
I then introduced a letter of the Paymaster Gen-
eral which Mr. Poinsett communicated, and which
made it higher because he compared the mounted
force of volunteers which had to serve on foot with
the regular infantry, and made it six to one. Then
I went on with the remarks which the Senator just
read, and an extract from Mr. Towson's letter.
Mr. TOOMBS. I presume the statement is
correct in the fact, that except in the article of cloth-
ing, the compensation of volunteers is no greater
than that of regular troops. That is the fact I want
to arrive at. General Towson states it.
Mr. DAVIS. But he goes on with the other
causes of additional expense.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall come to them, and I
say not one of them has the least foundation, but
is entirely delusive. He says:
" 11 is caused principally by expenses for traveling to and
from the place wheie the services of the volunteers and
militia are required."
That disparity more often falls against the reg-
ular troops. For instance, when the Florida war
j commenced, you had but a few troops there, and
you had to carry your men from St. Louis, or New
j York, or somewhere else, to Florida. Where do
I you find the expenses of carrying them charged •> |
j That is charged in the Quartermaster General's j
j accounts of transportation ? No matter what the j
i cost of taking them was by railroad or ship, you .
| put it in the transportation account; but to make |
: out the estimate against the volunteer, the expense ;
| of his transportation is charged to him. That is ,
i the adroitness of the statement. Generally speak-]
i ing, the volunteer is right at the place where you 1
j' want him—next to the disturbance. Generally, '
i in our Indian wars, he is in the immediate neigh- j
J borhood, and you have not to carry him far; hut, !
i in order to make it appear that the volunteer is a .
i more expensive man than the regular, you charge |
: to his account the cost of his transportation, and j
j! you charge the cost of the regular's transportation ;
in the Quartermaster General's account. ]
j! The next item is " the hire, maintenance, and
;! indemnity for horses.". I have already explained
I that. You give the same tations to the horses of
i; the regular soldier and of the volunteer; and I do
!■ not believe that they eat any more. Then he goes
;j on with his items:
II " And to furnishing them a fall supply of clothing &3 a
, i bounty, without lesaid to length of service. The statement**
; a^o show the expense of volunteers serving on foot, and of
!! militia. The term of service of the latter never exceeds three
months, unless specially provided for.5''
All that is gratuitous. Sometimes we do not
want them more than three months in Indian wars.
In Mexico, and in the war of 1812, they served
just as long as the Government wanted them. He
continues:
"■ There is one comparison that would place the contrast
between the expenses of le^ularaml iiregular troops in a
much nrmiger light, if I had the data to enable me to state
it in figures; and that is, the comparative lo^s and destruc-
tion oi military stores and public propei tv by the two forces."
There is nothing in that. Any man at all ac-
quainted with the Army knows it is a trumped
up excuse, because the officers are responsible for
the public stores and public property, and any
loss is deducted from their pay. None of them
can get their pay accounts through the offices here
until the public property under their charge is ac-
counted for. I believe the accounts of both reg-
ulars and volunteers are settled on the same rule;
and I have had to attend to the settlement of cases
for both. The Senator then goes on to state:
t: lie presents his tabular statement in which he shows,
on the basis of the companies, that for six months the cost
of a company of United State-* diasroon^ was §13,573, and
for the mounted volunteers, #22,575. That is the ratio to
which i call the attention of the Senator from Georgia be-
fore he agaiu assumes the position that the expense is the
same."
I have shown that the expense of the one is not
$13,000, and of the other §22,000. By the Sen-
ator's own authority, Lhere is no difference be-
tween them, except in the clothing. If you carry
the regular soldier, the transportation is carried to
a different account. It is not charged to the com-
pany or regiment, but to the general transporta-
tion of the Army. Inasmuch as there is no more
pay, and no more allowances, and no more for
traveling expenses of the one than the other, I do
not think this statement can be correct. I believe
the traveling expenses of the vdlunteers are noth-
ing but pay, allowing twenty miles per day. I
think that is the usual course of settling. 1 am
quite sure it was twenty years ago. They allowed
you pay for so many days going to and return-
ing from the place of rendezvous. I believe that is
the mode now; I know it was formerly.
This whole statement is predicated on the idea
of marching one corps a long distance, and find-
ing the other on the field, carried there at the most
enormous expenditure, as is usually the case,
without the expense of that carnage being charged
at all. No such state of facts can exi.st as this
difference between the two forces. The elements
of calculation the Senator himself gives show that
it is impossible. One cannot be $13,000 and the
other $22,000, because the additional amount of
clothing is the sole item of difference which exists,
except in the case of horses; and I have shown
that the pay is in lieu of the purchase of horses.
The Senator made another statement which
strikes me as a very remarkable one, and to which
I call his attention particularly, that I may see if
I understand him:
" We have had an estimate lately sen* in to us, of ©385,000
required by the pny department alone for twenty companies
of volunteers for months. That would bo equal to ten
companies for twelve months; and taking itand comparing
it with this estimate of a regiment for a year, adding the
cost of rations, which are $77,015, it would give a total of
$102,015, instead of the £33."),000, (adding merely the cost
of rations to the piy,)orJ$.V2G *31 per man. It follows, then,
that a regiment ol volunteer- would, for one year, cost more
than a regular regiment of the same strength, $153,600 61,
or an individual volunteer during the same period, $i74 97
moie than an individual regular soldier."
Is the Senator properly reported here?
Mr. DAVIS. I think so; but I cannot recol-
lect the exact figures. I then went on to state
that those volunteers were mounted, and were
compared with regular foot troops.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; and I was going to
read that sentence to show how easy and how
ready an answer it was to the Senator's figures.
He himself candidly answered this comparison in
the next sentence. I will read it:
" It will be remembered, however, that these volunteers
are mounted."
Mounted troops get more pay and more rations
I; and the hire of the horses will cost more. The
I] Senator has not brought a comparison between
J] mounted volunteers and regular cavalry, nor be-
; twot'i) volunteer infantry and regular infantry,
, Tne disparaging comparison is made between a
, foot regiment of regulars andamounted regiment
:: of volunteers. Everybody who knows anything
" of the Army, knows that to maintain a regiment
;j of cavalry in the field costs a great deal more
i! money than to maintain one of infantry.
Mr! DAVIS. And is it not stated why it is pre-
if'sented in that form > ,
! Mr. TOOMBS. My attention has not been
|i drawn to that. I wish (o prove that it does not
show a comparison on the point wlii'-h we were
I1 arguing. I do not think theie is anything more
|, than that on that point.
i! Mr. DAVIS. There was something more said.
M Mr. TOOMBS. Then it is not reported. The
ll Senator has fairly stated it as it is, but I want to
