THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 9, 1858.
New Series....No. 175.
York will permit me to throw the whole respons-
ibility of this matter on him. If he did not un-
derstand what I said to him, I hare nothing more
to say.
Mr. SEWARD. I find the application made
to me was on the Senator's side of the question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DIXON. I have an amendment to pro-
pose, which, if the Senator from Louisiana will
accept it, I think will relieve the subject of the
whole of this difficulty. It is, to insert after the
word " arms," " upon a plan to be selected and
approved by a board of ordnance officers."
Mr. SIMMONS. I do riot know anything
about the plan of this alteration, and did not sup-
pose I was to be brought in collision at ail with
the committee in any way. I wanted to get an
appropriation for the purchase of cavalry breech-
loaders, and i suggested it to the Military Com-
mittee; and I believe they will report an appro-
priation for the purchase of such arms for the
cavalry service. I did notsuppose, however, that
would interfere in the least with the clause in the
bill from the House of Representatives. I sug-
gest to the Senator from Louisiana that it would
be better to divide the amendment, so that we shall
not be entirely cut out.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think I shall be disposed to
consent to that, if it were not that it might sub-
ject me to the charge of bargain and corruption.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no bargain to make
about it; but here is an indefinite appropriation
of $100,000, and I did not know whether we might
not get out of it a sufficient amount to purchase
these arms with.
Mr. SLIDELL. If it is to be done in open
day, I have no sort of objection to the bargain.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Iaccepttheamendment of
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, as now mod-
ified, is:
For the alteration of old arms, on a plan to bp selected and
approved by a board of ordnance otficeis,so a* to make them
breech-loading guns, $50,000 ; and lor the alteration of old
arms s-o as to make them conform to the piescnt models?,
and for the purchase of approved breech-loading arms,
$50,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Have the yeas and nays been orderedon thisprop-
osition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Do Senators insist on the yeas
and nays?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not if the amendment will
be agreed to without a division.
Mr. HUNTER. I am against the whole thing.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well; let us take the
vote.
Mr. DAVIS. There is one objection to this
proposition. It compels the board to report for
breech-loading arms. My opinion is, that you
cannot assemble a board of ordnance officers who
will say that a.-ms intended for foot troops should
be breech-loading.
Mr. CLARK. I merely rise to say that I shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Lou-
isiana; but if the discussion in the Senate has !
satisfied me of anything, it has convinced me that (
when i have done that 1 ought also to vote for the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, to
strike out the whole appropriation, which I intend
to do.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Benjamin's amendment, resulted—yeas 3i,
nays 16; as follows:
YFAS— Me?sis. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright.
Brown,Chandler,('lark.Clmgman.CoUamer, Dixon. Doug- '
las.Durkee, Pitch. Fitzpatn'ck, Fo^tei,Green, Hale, Harlan, j
flavne, Houston, Johneou of Tennessee, Jones Kennedy, j
Mallory, Polk, Reid, Sewatd, Simmons, Shdell, Stuait, j
Thomson of New Jersev, Toombs, and Wilson—34. j
NAYS—BioderK k, Cameron, Clay, Davis, Doo- '
little, Fe^senden, Haintan. Hammond. Huntei, Iverson, Ma-
son, Pearce, Pugh, Wade, Wughl, and Vulee—16.
So the amendment of Mr. Benjamin was agreed
to.
175
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out the clause.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the clause; but as there will be no use in
offering it, if the clause be stricken out, I shall
wait until the vote is taken, and if it be not strick-
en out, I shall offer my amendment.
Mr. PUGH. lask that the words to be stricken
out be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
" For the alteration of old arms, upon a plan to be selected
and approved by a boaid of ordnance officers, so as to make
them breech-loading guns, $50,000; and for the alteration
of old arms so as m<ike them conform to the present mod-
els, and for the purchase of approved breech-loading aims,
$50,000."
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows:
YTiAS—Me^sis, Brodenck, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Claik, Di\on. Doolitlle, Durkee, Fe-^enden, Foster. Gieen,
Hale, Hamlin, Hammond. Hayne, Hunter. Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Peaice, Polk, Pugh, Iieid, Stuart, Wade,
WiiijlH, and Yulee—26
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Chngman, Collamer, Davis," Dotuilas Fitch, Fitzpatnek,
Harlan, Houston, I verson, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Sew-
ard, Simmons Shdell, Thomson of New Jersey, Tuoinbs,
and Wils.011—-23.
So the motion to strike out was agreed- to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are some members
of the Senate who inform me that they voted to
strike out the appropriation on account of its mag-
nitude; that they are satisfied some experiment of
this kind ought to be made in relation to breech-
loading arms; and that if the appropriation as pro-
posed by the House of Representatives were sim-
ply reduced to $20,000, they would be willing to
vote for it. I make that motion now.
Mr. HUNTER. It cannotbe made. The clause
has been stricken out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That appropriation, as
amended, has been stricken out. Now, I wish to
offer a new clause entirely, though partly in the
words of the original bill. Any member has a
right to offer a new clause if based on an estimate
from a Department. That is expressly declared
by the rule.
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest to the Senator from
Louisiana, that he allow the Committee on Fi-
nance to proceed with their amendments. When
they are through he can offer his as an independ-
ent motion, supported by the estimate of the Sec-
retary of War.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to defer, if
Senators prefer that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
amendment of the Committee on Finance is to
strike out:
"Foi arsenals, including $100,000 for arsenal m Califor-
nia, $296,979."
And in lieu thereof insert:
For the Alleghany arsenal, .">35.100.
For Fon Monroe arsenal. $•11,900.
For Kennebec arsenal, §11,600.
For St. Louis arsenal, $31,0H0.
For Washington arsenal, $0,379.
For Wateivuet ar.-en.il, $30,000.
For repaid and preservation of the public building5?,
fences drams, culverts, &c., at all the smaller arsenals,
$20,000.
Foi continuing the constiuctionof the arsenal m Califor-
nia. $10(1,000.
Por euntiiieencies of ai^enal-, §10,000.
Mr. PEARCE. Before we proceed with the
consideration of these items, I suggest that, by
a clerical error, one of the appropriations, that
for the arsenal in North Carolina, was omitted. I
send that up so thnt it may be inserted without a
formal motion. I will state that the object of
striking out this clause m the bill was to make
the appropriations for the different arsenals spe-
cific. In the bill, as it came to the committee fiotn
the House of Representatives, the appropriation
was for the gross sum of $296,000 for ali the ar-
senals. We have only separated that sum into
the particulars applicable to each arsenal. The
omitted item, to which I have alluded, is:
For additional timber and carriage stoie-house, at the
North Carolina arsenal, $"2.5,000
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 understood that it was
j.
senal hi C
V
the intention of the committee to omit the appro-
priation for the arsenal in North Carolina.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
Maine is mistaken. I did not so understand. I
thought we were making the appropriations spe-
cific. We had some discussion about this arse-
nal, but when we found that estimate of the col-
onel of ordnance, we agreed to put it in. That
was my understanding,
Mr, FESSENDEN. My understanding was
j| that we specifically agreed to draw up this amend-
ment for the purpose of omitting that particular
sum. The appropriation, as originally made, was
for a gross sum for arsenals, generally, and it was
suggested to strike out all the appropriation. The
motion included the arsenal in Noith Carolina.
But for that movement, the bill would not have
shown what particular provisions it was intended
to make; and therefore, as I understood, it was
suggested to draw up the provision, and to insert
all but the $25,000 for the arsenal in North Caro-
lina. If, however, it was decided otherwise by
the committee, of course I yield.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senator from Maine
is mistaken. There was some objection made to
this item in committee, and there was an inclina-
tion to strike it out, but it was determined not to
strike it out for the present, but to acquit e addi-
tional information. That additional information
was sought for by the chairman of the committee
and myself, and the result was that it was not
stricken out. We obtained other information,
and reported the matter to the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have nothing further to
say. I did not understand it at the time as the
other members of the committee did.
Mr. PEARCE. It had been told to the com-
mittee that this was notan eligible place; that there
was a scarcity of timber and difficulty of access;
but the committee ascertained, on inquiry, that
there were certain improvements going on in the
neighborhood of Fayetteville, where the arsenal
is situated, which would give a navigation from
the arsenal, forty miles, to the site of certain coal
mines, where there is also an abundance of fine
specimensofiron. They found that although the
wood, in the immediate neighborhood of Fayette-
ville was pine, there was abundance of fine oak
very near it, and boats running all the year to
Fayetteville, and they ascertained that it was con-
sidered a very desirable location, and ccrtainly
will be when these improvements are completed,
which, I understand, will be by the 1st of July
next, so that we did not call the committee together
again to consider whether it should be stn-cken
out.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the appropriation for the
Ivenneljoc, these words:
Two thousand doilats of which may be used in bringing
gas upon tiie arsenal ground?, and wuh leave to extend
ga^-pipea through the giounda by the gas company.
I will state, in a very few words, the reasons
which induce me to offer the amendment. The
arsenal grounds are situated in the city of Au-
gusta; they are outside of the settled portion of
the city, and the gas which would be needed in
these works would not justify the company in
laying down their gas-pipes for that purpose.
♦Still the officers at the arsenal, and all who are
there, desire to have the public buildings lighted
with gas. I propose no additional appropria-
tion. I simply piopose to take $2,000 of the ap-
propriation made for this arsenal,fortius purpose.
I hope it will meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr, PEARCE. There is no point of order
which can be raised against the Senator's amend-
ment; it is not objectionable on that ground, but
then it is not estimated for, and the whole sum
which we propose to appropriate is asked for spe-
cific purposes. We are asked to give $LO,000 for
repairs of the river wall, and $1,600 for keeping
in order the sewers, &c. This object is additional,
and therefore if wc divert part of the appropria-
tion to it, an additional appropriation will be re-
quired for these other purposes; and besides.* it
will lead to applications for gas at ail the arsenals
