2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
where gas can be introduced. There is already
an appropriation' of #10,000 for contingencies at
arsenals, and if the War Department think proper
they can divert $2,000 of that sum to this pur-
pose.
Mr. HA.MLIN". I was aware that there were
two specific objects for which the sum proposed to
be-appropriated was estimated, and that $10,000
was to repair the wall along the shore of the river,
but I think not half that sum will be used this
year for that purpose. I have a letter from Cap-
tain Gorgas who is now in South Carolina, who
passed through this city the other day, calling
my attention particularly to this matter. He has
left that arsenal, and has been ordered to the ar-
senal in South Carolina. I think from the state-
ment which he made, I have no doubt that this
money can be appropriated for these two pur-
poses, and still have some of it left. I hope the
Senate will see fit to let $2 000 of the sum be ap-
plied to this purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. What do you want with gas
in an arsenal? You do not use it at night.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does not every arsenal have
its superintendent who has a house on the arse-
nal grounds? Are there not barracks and troops
thete r Is it not cheaper to light ail these buildings
with gas than in any other way?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is to increase the consump-
tion of gas, for the benefit of tEie gas people. I
should think they ought to find their own lights.
Mr. CAMERON". 1 live about a mile and a
half from a town where there are gas works, and
I offered the company §2,000 if they would bring
tiie gas to my house, but they would not do it.
It is a cheaper light, and better than any other.
I should be glad 10 give §2,000 now to have the
pipes carried to my house.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend from
Maryland wtil not make any serious opposition
to this amendment. This arsenal is not m my
section of the State; but I am perfectly familiar
with the locality. The city is mainly on the east
side of the river. The pip«'S have not been ear-
ned to the west side of the river; but a portion of
the people who Hve there, and particularly the
persons connected with the arsenal, desire that
the pipes should be extended across the i ivcr so
as to furnish the arsenal and other buildings in
that vicinity with gas. The object of this prop-
osition simply is, that the arsenal which is to be
accommodated, and which desires to be accom-
modated, should pay some reasonable proportion
of the expense necessary for that purpose. I be-
lieve it to be nioie necessary, in fact more condu-
cive to comfort and to cheapness, and everything
that is required ordinarily in such establishments,
than any appropriation of money to the ppocific
put poses asked for at the present time to the ex-
tent of this amount. It is a small sum, and 1
have no doubt its expenditure will be beneficial
i concur in opinion with all the officers who have
been at the head of this establishment, that the
good of the service requires it, and I believe it
meets the approbation of those \yho have exam-
ined the matter.
Mr. PUGII. I should like to understand the
last part of the proposition. I am afraid that is
the essential part of the amendment—for the ben-
efit of some gas company.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state that the arsenal
grounds are outside the city; they embrace, I
should think, according to my best judgment,
fifty acres ofgrounds. There are, therefore, no in-
habitants that can come near to it. The gas-pipes
must come immediately to it. Adjacent to it, and
lying directly below on the river, is the State asy-
lum for the insane. The State cannot get gas to
the asylum unless the Government will give leave
to Jay the gas pipes undei £iound across the ar-
senal lands; that is what, the latter part of the
amendmentprovides for The State is willing io
pay its proportion to hghtup its public buikbngs;
but if it lias to go all the way around the public
arsenal, the distance will be more than a mile,
while it will not be more than fifty rods across it.
I had an interview with the chaiimun of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and he said there was
no earthly objection to it, as it was simply to put
a gas pipe underground, which the Slate or the
gas company will do for the putpose of lighting
the insane asylum with gas.
Mr. HUNTER. This proposition is to make
a distinct appropriation for the purpose of intro-
ducing gas into the arsenal. It is to divert a por-
tion of the appropriation which is for specific ob-
jects that necessarily require money, to gas, and
of course next year you will have to increase the
estimate to that extent, so that it amounts in fact
to an additional appropriation of that sum. But
that is not all. I well recollect the struggle to get
gas at West Point, which was an exception. It
was a long time before the House of Represent-
atives would agree to that. The amendment was
passed annually here, and rejected there until it
was finally adopted two or three years ago. Now
if we light up with gas this arsenal, we shall next
have applications to light them all up with gas. I
am opposed, for the two reasons I have men-
tioned, to making this diversion of the appropria-
tion. As to giving leave to go through the grounds,
I have no objection to that, and if the Senator
from Maine will confine his amendment to that I
shall not oppose it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection of the Sen-
ator from Virginia really is not one that ought to
weigh with the Senate. It is unquestionably tiue
that if gas were introduced into all the arsenals,
it would be a saving of money, it would be very
mncli cheaper, and very much safer, than the
present mode of lighting them. Everybody knows
that gas is an exceedingly safe light, whereas the
use of other lights, in many particulars, is unsafe
m the hands of many persons. 1 undertake to
say, from my own experience and observation,
that if it could be dofie at a reasonable expense,
and this certainly is very reasonable, it would be
a saving to furnish all our arsenals with s;as, and
it would be an improvement which would he val-
uable to the country, and it would be effected at
a uifhng cost.
Mr. HUNTER. That may be so in large estab-
lishments; but not m small ones.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; this is a large
one.
Mr. DAVIS. One remark of the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin1] renders it proper that I
should state that when the proposition was sub-
mitted to me by him, I thought there could be no
objection to a, and I thought it desirable to the
aisenul that gas should be introduced, and that
taking it over the arsenal grounds to the asylum
was so much morednect and economical that, if
done conjointly, it would be for the advantage of
both; but since that tune I have referred the mat-
ter to the Department, and the report is adverse.
Objection is made to the plan proposed, of intro-
ducing gas.
Tiie amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee, by insetting at the end
of it:
Foi U'P'iirm<* tiie arsenal and two eisluecn-pounrl gun
carnage-, at ritomngton, Conncoueut, $7.">0.
I am authorized by the Committee on Military
Affairs to offer this, and I have stated the circum-
stances to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and it has. I believe, his assent
also. The amount is very small. I know it to
be necessary. 1 will not take up any further
time. |
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Finance Committee, as
amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Finance Committee
was, at the end of the bill to insert:
Foi payment of the voluntecis operating m Floiida dur-
ing the 5 ear lb,77, >;i6o,000.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state that there is a letter
fiom the Secretary of War recommending this
appropriation, which is necessary for the payment
of a regiment of volunteeis and ton independent
companies called into the service, m Florida, by
General Harney.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know very little about
this amendment, but I know we have had a great
portion of our army stationed in Florida for many
years. Here is a proposition to pay $385,000 to
volunteers employed there. I do not see any ap-
propriation in this bill for the volunteeis that de-
fended Oregon and Washington Territories. I do
not know why tins distinction should be drawn.
If we ore to pay volunteers who have defended
the setllemcnfsagainst Indian incursions,it seems
to mp all ought to be brought into the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to state that these
volunteers were called into service, and com-
manded by United States officers, under the in-
structions of the War Department. Such was not
the case in other instances.
Mr. YULEE. I will state to the Senator from
Illinois the circumstances which rendered neces-
sary this call on the part of the Government.
These troops were regularly called for by requi-
sition upon the Governor of the State 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Florida allow me to ask him if#there is any law
authorizing the calling out of these volunteers?
Were they called out in virtue of any authority
given by any act of Congress ?
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will wait he will
hear the explanation. The President made a re-
quisition for these troops upon the Governor of
the State, under the authority of law. There is
a law existing which authorizes it. The occasion
for it was this: the condition of affairs m the West
required the removal of all the regular troops to
that quarter, and the United States officer com-
manding in Florida was left with only two or three
companies, and these troops were called for by
the Government, to supply the place of regular
troops, and they have conducted the war to a suc-
cessful issue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be glad to see
the act of Congress which authorizes the calling
out of troops by the President. I am not aware
that the President of the United States has author-
ity to muster any number of volunteers, under
any circumstances which he thinks proper, into
the acrvice of the United States, and call on us to
pay them. This Florida matter has been a very
expensive one for the Government. So long as
a Billy Bowlegs was left there, a large part of our
regular Army had to be stationed there for many
years at an expense of many millions; and now
here is a call for volunteers in addition, and the
Senator from Florida gives as a reason why these
volunteers were necessary that the regular Army
was withdrawn to the West—yes, sir, withdrawn
and stationed m Kansas. This is another ex-
pense growing out of the illegal and improper use
of the Army. It is because the regular Army was
drawn off under the name of a poise mmitatns to ac-
company a Governor without authority of law,
that the necessity existed forcalling out these vol-
unteers, according to the admission of the Senator
from Florida. On a former occasion I under-
took to show, and think I did show, that the
Army of the United States had been employed for
illegitimate purposes; and now you see one of the
consequences is an appropriation of nearly four
hundred thousand dollars to pay volunteers who
have been called out in Florida. Sir, if Congress
foots these hills as often as they are made, they
will always be made. There will be no end to
the expenses of the Government, nor to the usur-
pations of authority on the part of the executive
officeis so long as Congress willingly sanctions
them and foots the bill.
Mr. HAYNE. I am sure that Senators will
think the observations in relation to Kansas which
the honorable Senator fiom Illinois has thought
proper to introduce entirely out of place. They
have nothing to do with the question before us.
I have lived on a frontier country myself, and I
speak from experience, and I would ask the hon-
orable gentleman himself, supposing he lived on
the frontier, could he not conceive that an attack
by Indians might be threatened on himself and
family, and would he wait to make a requisition
upon the General Government to have troops
broughtforth for their protection ? I should think
not. I will not say one other word; for I am
determined, for my own part, never to utter any-
thing that will cause more than two minutes'
speaking- under existing circumstances, at the
close of the session.
Mr. YULEE. I have sent for the act which
authorizes the President to call for the militia. It
is the act of 1795 which authorizes the President
to make requisitions upon the States for militia
to suppress insurrection and rebellion, and repel
invasion. It is under that authority that the call
is always made when troops are required for the
: public service by the President, without any ex-
| press legislation for emergencies. I have been
| handed the act, and I will send it to the Secretary
| to read. It will be found that there is full au-
! thorny under it. It was for the President to
