1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
acceded to the bill, and the bill is passed. When '
they concur in the report of the committee in that
case, there is an end of the bill, and it becomes a
law. But according to the Senator from Mich-
igan, in a case of that kind the Senate committee
could not make any report at all, the Senate could
not act upon it at all, although the action of the
Senate alone would be required to pass the bill.
It seems to me, therefore, with all due respect
to the opinion and experience of the Senator from
Michigan in regard to parliamentary law, and
with all respect to him, tins preliminary question
is certainly an absurd one; and upon the main
point it seems to me clear that the parliamentary
law does not preclude that part of the committee
which the Senate have appointed from reporting
at any time, and does not preclude the Senate
from taking action on their report.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. Before the vote is taken on
the adjournment, I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to amend my motion so as to say that
the -report shall not be received at this time. I
wish to have my motion in proper form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, resulted—yeas 23, nays
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodcrick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clurk, Crittenden, Dixon, Duohttlt*, Dou^Um, Durkee, res-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Seward,
Simmons. Stuart. Ttumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigg**, Biglcr,
Bright, Brown, Clay, ftvans, Fitch, Fitzputrick, Green,
Gvvm, Hammond, Houston, llunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Tennessee. Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pngh,
Sebastian,, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wnght, and Yuloe—tiQ.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POLK. We have the motion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan distinctly before us now, and
I think wc all understand it, and probably all are
ready to vote on it. I hope, therefore, the Sen-
ate will take a vote on that question immediately.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest a question of
order. I understand that the Senator from Mis-
souri offered to make rf leport, and the Chair de-
cided that he would receive the report. The Sen-
ator from .Michigan moves that the report be not
received. My point of order is that it is an at-
tempt by a vote of the Senate to contravene a
direct ruling of the Chair without taking an ap-
peal from it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair docs
not so understand it.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri took the lloor, and offered a report
which the Chair was prepared to receive, as far
as the action of the Chair was concerned; but the
Chair could not receive the report against the will
of the Senate. The question now is on the mo-
tion of the Senator fiom Michigan, that the report
be not received.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
now receive the report.
Mr. GREEN". Before I make the report, it may i
be proper to state that the bill and amendment j
have been in the possession of both branches of |
the committee of conference—that on the part of ;
the House, and that on the part of the Senate. |
They were left in the office of the Secretary of the j
Senate. I drew them out and carried them before J
the committee of conference, and we all had the j
use of them, and access to them. I sent a request I
to have the bill sent to me here, in case I should j
make any statement in regard to its number, title, j
or any reference to it, to have the facts before me. |
it was brought in, but not surreptitiously; and
when the Senator from California insinuated so, :
lie may have had that information—I know not i
what his information was—butit is not the truth. |
Now I propose to make my report. {
Mr. BRODERIC&. Will the Senator allow i
me a moment ? I
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. j
Air. BRODERICK. It is proper, in relation \
to the i.sssno botwten the Senator from Missouri j
and myself, to state that the honorable Mr. Har- !
ni", of Illinois, informed me that the bill had been
surreptitiously taken from the desk of the Clerk
of the House. 1 made the statement here, and I
am ready to hold myself responsible for the dec-
laration made to me by the honorable gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. GREEN". No doubt the Senator is will-
ing to be held responsible, but that responsibility
would exist without being made.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have, sir 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will refrain from any personal remarks. The
Senator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I propose to make my report.
I only made this reference because I thought it
was due to the Senator from California and due
to the parties concerned.
The committee of conference appointed to con-
sider the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendment to the Senate bill, numbered 1G1,
entitled " A bill for the admission of the State of
Kansas," report that they have had the subject
under consideration, and have given it that care-
ful, patient, and mature deliberation, which they
conceive its importance demands; and have agreed
upon an amend rnent, in the nature of a substitute
for fhe House amendment of the Senate bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the gentleman
will send the report to the Clerk's desk to be read.
I believe that is the orderly way. We cannot
hear him.
Mr. GREEN. After I have made my report,
the Senator can call.for its reading by the Clerk;
but I claim the right to make my report. The
committee earnestly recommend the adoption of
this amendment to the two Houses of Congress.
The bill which the Senate committee of conference
report has been agreed to by the two committees
in joint conference, f shall not read the proposed
bill, but send it to the Clcak to be read, prefacing
it with the remark that it may not come up to the
full expectation of anybody. Respect for each
other and conciliation should be the rule m cases
of disagreement between equals. The Senate and
House of Representatives are equals. Both rep-
resent the States; one represents the people of the
States, and the other the States in their organized
capacity. It is proper that a just regard for the
rights and duties of each should be accordcd.
Therefore the Senate would not assume the right
to dictate to the House of Representatives, nor
acknowledge the right of that House to dictate
to the Senate. The committee met in a spirit of
conciliation. They tried various propositions:
whether the best has been done thatcould be done
lemains for the country to judge. We believe it
to be the best under the circumstances. We be-
lieve that it snciifiees no principle, that it harmo-
nizes well with what the country expects and de-
mands, and, without crossing the path or thwart-
ing the purpose of either side, it opens a door for
the admission of peace to spread over the entire
Union, giving joy to those who have heretofore
been afflicted with troubles in anticipation of mis-
fortune. I ask the Clerk to read the amended
bill reported by the committee of conference, and
when it is reati I shall move that it be printed.
The Clerk read the report; which is published
in the proceedings of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Missouri whether he expects to
have this subject considered to-night?
Mr. GREfiN. By no means I wish to pro-
pose the printing of the bill, so thatal 1 can see it.
Mr. SE WARD. With that explanation, I will
barely state—what perhaps it is incumbent on me
to say in the briefest form, and in the most gen-
eral way—the considerations which determined
the minority of the committee of conference to dis-
sent from the report which has been made.
The minority of the committee, (Mr. Howard,
of the House of Representatives, and myself,) as
it is well known, have, throughout the debates,
been of opinion that Kansas ought not, under
any circumstances, to be subjected to the neces-
sity of voting again upon the Lecompton consti-
tution, they being satisfied that the people of
Kansas had already considered and rejected that
constitution solemnly and decisively. The mi-
nority dissented from this report, therefore, be-
cause it proposes to submit to them that consti-
tution to be voted upon again, which they have
already rejected, instead of providing for their
admission into the Union under some other con-
stitution to be adopted by themselves.
Again, they dissented for this further reason,
that if the question was to be submitted to them
whether they would accept or reject the Lecomp-
ton constitution, itought to be submitted in a fair,
just, and equal manner; whereas the bill which is
reported by the committee of conference proposes
to submit to them only one side. It holds out to
them an inducement, " if you will accept the
Lecompton constitution, come immediately into
the Union, and you shall have the benefits of the
lands which are described in the proposition now
proposed to be made by Congress. If you will
not come in under that constitution you shall not
come in at all, until you shall have arrived at a
stage at which you will have a population suffi-
cient, according to the ratio of representation in
the House of Representatives, to demand one
Representative. Then, and not before, you may
form a constitution and come to Congress and
apply to be admitted.'1 But this bill offers no con-
sideration of public lands, if they shall come in
with a different constitution at that time, or at
any other time.
There was one further objection. While the
bill, in effect, gives to the people the alternative
of coming in under the Lecompton constitution,
it seemed to the minority of the committee to
be evasive in the form of the submission of that
question. It does not submit to the people of
Kansas the direct question whether they will ac-
cept the Lecompton constitution, or the question
in another form, which might possibly be distin-
guished as direct, namely: whether they would
come into the Union under the Lecompton con-
stitution; but it submits a proposition in which
the Lecompton constitutionis notat all mentioned,
and which relates merely to the disposition of the
public lands, the benefits which the new State will
derive from the public lands to be reserved for
them, and then declares that, upon the acceptance
of this proposition, the State shall be in the Union, '
and, by necessary effect, that it shall be so in the
Union under the Lecompton constitution. But if
they shall vote not to accept the proposition of
Congress about the public lands, then it shall be
deemed and taken, not only that they reject that
proposition, but it shall be further deemed and
taken, that they are unwilling to come in under
the Lecompton constitution. That is, you sub-
mit to the people one question, and their answer
to that question shall be deemed and taken to an-
swer another one, not submitted to them at all.
This is submitting but one side. In other
words, it seemed to me—and 1 suppose to my
associate from the House of Representatives—
that it was like the submission in the case of the
Fiench Empeioi; when the thiid Napoleon sub-
mitted to the people of France whether they would
elect him to be Emperor, they were allowed to
vote for him or against him, but they were not
aHowed to vote for anybody else. . The people of
Kansas may accept or reject the Lecompton con-
stitution; but if they reject this one, they shall
have no other. We could not believe that the
disposition of the subject, thus recommended by
the committee of conference, would be acceptable
to the people of Kansas; we do not believe it will
tend to produce that happy result which the hon-
orable chairman has anticipated.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the report be
printed; and I will take this occasion to remark
that the report is but some half dozen lines in it-
self; but the bill is a part of the report.
Mr. HUNTER. The motion to print the re-
port will include the substitute.
Mr. GREEN. Of course. I intended merely
to rcrnaik that the Senator from New York mis-
apprehends the purportand the object of the com-
mittee. While his argument would have a tend-
ency to raise a double prejudice, on the one side
North, and on the other side South: and while a
good deal of dexterity seems to have been dis-
played—no doubt honestly entertained by him —
yet I think neither South nor North will be misled
by his argument; they will look at the bill; they
will see in it a fairness which commends itself to
the entire Union. I desire also to move to make
this report the special order for some time that
will meet the approbation of the Senate. [" To-
morrow."] I will say to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. STUART. 1 cannot consent to that. The
Senate decided that they would receive this re-
pot t, and I do not object to its being printed.
The motion to print was agreed fo.
