1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FT63
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion to make this report the
special older for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. STUART. My understanding was, that
it was only proposed to make the report, and t,o
order it to be printed. The Senator from Missouri
distinctly announced that as his object. He said
he did not expect to act upon it. [" To-day."]
It is action upon it to assign a day for its consid-
eration; and, if that day is in advance of the re-
ception of the message announcing the action of
the House, it is in opposition to my objection. I
am not willing that it should be acted upon' until
the bill is acted upon in the House, and sent here.
Mr. SL1DELL. Let us have the vote.
Mr. STUART. I am not ready to vote. 1
am making an objection to the consideration of
this measure until it is before us, and it cannot be
before us until it is sent here from the House of
Representatives. As I have already said, I have
no desire to be captious. I was willing,thesenseof
the Senate being so, that the report of the commit-
tee should be printed; that the Senatorfrom Mis- j
souri should make his statement; that the Senator !
from New York should make his; but I am not will- I
ing that the action of the Senate shall be had upon ■
this question when the question itself is not be- j
fore us, and may never receive the final action of j
the House of Representatives, so that the bill may j
never come here. It is conceded by the Senator I
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] that the bill is in j
the House of Representatives; it may never come j
here; and if it does not come here, why are we
voting upon a substitute for it? With these views
of the question, and every purpose having been
attained, I move that the Senate adjourn; and on
that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Clerk
proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BELL, when his name was called, rose
• and said: Mr. President, I find that the Senator
from Maryland 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator that the call of the roll cannot
be arrested, a Senator having answered.
'Mr. BELL. I understand that perfectly well;
but I believe it has been usual to yield to members
when they desire to make a statement assigning ;
a reason for not voting and not arguing the ques- j
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is ex- !
press that the Senator must answer to his name, j
and he is not at liberfy to assign any reason. j
Mr. BELL. I will appeal to the Senate from
the decision of the Chair. I wan led to state that
I had made ail arrangement with the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] who was imperatively
called away, to pair off with him upon this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If (here be 110
objection, the Chair will hear the Senator.
Mr. BELL. I appeal to the Senate to allow me
to state my position. ["Go on!"] I have no
choice here at all. I want merely to slate that,
perhaps, I ought not to vote on this question of
adjournment; and therefore I will not. _ I had some
hesitation about it. Upon any question in rela-
tion to the main proposition, at couise I would
not vote.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
23, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biodcriek, Cameron, Chandlci^Clail;.
Coliarm-r, Crittenden, Uoohttle, Donslas, Duilfe,
den. Foot. Fo-ter, Hale. Hamlin, ilarlan, Kennedy. King,
Seward, Simmons, Stuatl, Tiumbuli, Wade, and Wil&ou
-23.
N VYS—l«r>«rs. Allen. Bnyaid, Benjamin, Bif's, Bl?ler,
Bnijlit. Brown, Clay, Evan?, Fitch, Piupatiick, Gioen,
Gwm,'Hammond, Houston, Hunter, lver.-on, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, Mailoiy, Mason, Polk, Pinih, Sebastian,
Shdeit. Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs. Wiigiit, and \ 11-
Iec-20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the question
now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On making
this
report a special order for to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that will not be
insisted on. The order for printing has been
made, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order for
printing has been made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well,gentlemen must
perceive that fixing to-morrow at one o'clock is
rendering the printing a mere nugatory order.
The report is of some length, and if the matter is
to be deliberated upon, or accurately understood,
it is impossible that we shall be prepared, if there
were no other objection, by to-morrow at one
o'clock. I ask it not for the purpose of delay;
nobody will suppose that I make any such ob-
structive opposition to any measure merely for
delay; but it seems to me that time is necessary
for the consideration of the subject, and I do hope
that gentlemen will not insist upon fixing it at so
early an hour as one o'clock to-morrow. I under-
stand furthermore that the bill is not here. Fixing
this subject for consideration to-morrow is acting
upon the bill. I am no great adept, I am not very
skillful on questions of order. I defer to the Chair
to dcctde, in the first place, whether it is in order
for us to make such a motion, the bill being in the
other House, and our action being necessarily
subsequent to, and dependent upon, the action of
that House.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to propose to the Sen-
ator that we say Monday. [" Very well."]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Provided the bill is here.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That would be time
enough so far as regards that. This other ques-
tion, however, must remain, whether we can act
on it. I do not care whether the question of order
is decided now, but that question must come up.
I do not want delay, and the time proposed would
be satisfactory enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri modifies his motion.
Mr. GREEN. If it is more acceptable to the
Senator, I modify it thus.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the report
be made the Older of the day for Monday at one
o'clock ?
The-motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
• Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that, before we ad-
journ, we take up the deficiency bill, so as to
make it the special order for to-morrow, though I
believe it will be. ["Oh, yes."]
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 23, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. L. D. Finckei..
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make two or three cor-
rections in the report of my remarks as published
in the Globe of yesterday. I am made to say " we
have no such bills before us this session for any
of the States, and therefore we have no use for
these maps." I meant to say that we have no
bills before us asking grants of lands for any
States which have heretofore received grants.
I am made to say, in relation to these maps,
that—
" losolution does not entirely conform to the view
I ciiteitam ; but as ir is, I am with it."
I did not say that I was satisfied; but that I
must submit.
In another portion of my remarks I am made
to say as follows:
" I do not believe I shall give you a Kansas speech, al-
though I have been exceedingly anxious during the session
to make one. I feai that, in all probability, 1 might get into
too deep water, as I do not understand the exact turn that
politics may take at home.''
I did not say " at home:" I said " here." I
never consult the condition of politics at home to
govern my action here. I do what I believe to be
ncrht, without reference to the sentiment at home.
I meant to say that I should wait until I saw the
drift politics should take in this House. I hope
that to-day we shall see a demonstration here,
such as will give satisfaction to many of us, if not
to the entire country.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Houge to report two appro-
priation bills, in order that they may be printed
for the use of the House and of the committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the House
to take notice that it is the gentleman from New
York who objects to the progress of the public
appropriation bills.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that t&e House re-
solve jtself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. * ,  
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE FIRE BIlit,• *;
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Before tlie vote is
taken upon that motion, I offer thefollowing ros-
olution:
Resolved, That all debate on House bill No. 204, m Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar shall
terminate in two hours after the consideration of the sai#e
shall be resumed in committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no cause for adopts
ing the resolution. This is objection day, and no
debate is in order in committee.
Mr. SAVAGE. I make the point of order that
yesterday, to-day, and to-morrow, having been
devoted by resolution of the House to the consid-
eration of the pension bill in committee asaspccial
order, the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole oii the state of the Union must take prece-
dence of the motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole House oil the Private Calendar. I submit
that all rules having been suspended for the pur-
pose of making the bill to which I have alludpd a
special order, my motion must take precedence of
all others.
The SPEAKER. If the special order to which
the gentleman refers had been made in th.e House
as well as in the committee, the point of order
would have been well taken by the gentleman from
Tennessee. The fact of its having been made a
special order in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, however, does not affect the
operation of the rules in the House. Inasmuch,
therefore, as the bill was not made the special
order in the House, the Chair thinks the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to go into
Committee of the Whole House takes prece-
dence.
Mr. MASON. Upon what principle does the
Chair decide that the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts takes precedence of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee ?
The SPEAKER. Because to-day is Friday,
and a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House on this day, under the rules of the House,
must take precedence of a motion to go into tlia
Committee of the W hole tin the state of theUnion.
The resolution of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane] to close debate, however,
must tnlee precedence of both.
Mr. CLEMENS. I should like to know what
bill it is upon which the gentleman proposes to
close debate ?
The SPEAKER. The New York fire bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this not objection day,
upon which no debate can be allowed in com-
mittee >
The SPEAKER. This is objection day.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 'I move the pre-
vious question upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether, if the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York be adopted, when we go
into committee to-day, if objection be made to
taking up the fire bill, the two hours will not be
consumed, and all debate upon that bill therefore
be cut off?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having been seconded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the effect of the passage
of that resolution be as it has been suggested by
the gentleman from Tennessee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that-if the resolution be adopted no further debate
is in order in committee to-day, inasmuch as this
is objection day.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If there be doubt
about the resolution, I withdraw it.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
withdrawn.
The question recurred on Mr Chaffee's mo-
tion to go into aCommitteeof the Whole House
Mr. SAVAGE called for tellers. .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. RossEixana
Waldros were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes one hundred and one, noes not counted.
Mr. SAVAGE. It is evident that thw motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House is
