678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ing five thousand men, to be used only in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, there to maintain the authority
and laws of the country.
I believe the Army is large enough, and that
we have troops enough now on the Missouri river
to forward next May or June to Utah for this
purpose. I do not believe the President will call
for volunteers; Ido not believe he need call for
volunteers, because I think the Army is large
enough; bat if it should so happen that the exi-
gencies of the public service should demand vol-
unteers, then, I think,-it is our duty to give him
volunteers for that purpose. I am willing to vote
them, but I am not willing, in the present condi-
tion of the country, to vote for a measure like
this, when we are to meet the year 1859 with
twenty-five or thirty million dollars of debt, (for
I take it, that on the 1st of January, 1859, we
shall find that we have at least twenty-five or
thirty million of revenue less than enough to pay
the current expenses of the Government,) with-
out an absolute necessity for an increase of the
standing military force of the country. I think
we ought to authorize the raising of volunteers,
and put the responsibility where it belongs, on
the President of the United States, to call them
out, if necessary; and if not necessary, I feel
very confident, in the present condition of the
finances of the country, he will not do it. Is it
in order to move this amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this
time. The question is on the proviso offered by
the Senator from Ohio as an amendment to the
proviso offered by the Senator from North Car-
olina.
Mr. BIGGS. I will modify my amendment,
and I think the Senator from Ohio probably will
accept the modification I propose. As modified,
it is:
Provided, That after two years from the passage of this
act, or sooner if the exigencies of the public service will
permit, the military establishment, shall be reduced ro as not
to exceed the number of companies, Pither in officers or pri-
vates, as now authoniced by existing lawb.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my amendment, and
agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from Nortli
Carolina, as modified, as a proviso to the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. STUART. The Senator should make it
the duty of the President to make this reduc-
tion
Mr. KING. Provide means of executing the
law.
Mr. STUART. Exactly.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask Senators
on the other side, who propose to sustain this
amendment, if it does not amount to this, if it be
adopted, and you reduce the military establish-
ment at the end of two years, that it necessarily
involves the discharge of officers in commission
now in the service of the country?
Several Senators.* Ceitainly.
Mr. WILSON. I believe that this is an im-
practicable thing. You will then have to discharge
officers nowm commission, because you will have
appointed new officers under this act, and we shall
not accomplish the object in the end.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not see how the Senator can
imagine that to be impracticable. Certainly, Con-
gress can pass a law to reduce the Army, and
when it passes a law to reduce the Army, it can
discharge the men in commission. If those now
appointed shall, at the end of two years, prove
themselves to be more valuable to the Govern-
ment than those who were in the service before,
it would be nothing but fair that the old ones
should be dismissed.
Mr. CAMERON. I have voted for this bill
thus far, with the impression that the increase was
to be temporary. Nothing could induce me to
add to the permanent standing Army of the coun-
try. I will offer an additional amendment, and,
unless I can get something like it, I shall Vote
against this bill.
Mr. HALE. While the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is preparing his amendment, I wish to
say a word. I ask gentlemen what they mean
by talking about emergencies, when the Admin-
istration, and the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, tell us there is no pressing emer-
gency ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 did not tell you so.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator did not say there
was no pressing emergency, then I have misun-
derstood htm entirely. I understood the Senator
from Mississippi to say that he did not look for-
ward to the time when this increase could be aban-
doned, and that he wanted it for a permanentin-
crease; that there was nothing in the particular
circumstances of to-day requiring it, but that the
interests of the country forever, so far as he could
see, demanded a permanent increase.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has two or three
times so represented me, and I have two or three
times stated what I did say and did mean. If
he really is in error as to what I did mean, I will
state it again. I did not say there was no emer-
gency. I rather urged that there was a necessity,
but I said 1 did not see when that necessity would
cease.
Mr. HALE. Then it is a mere difference of
words. I repeat what I said before, that there is
no pressing temporary emergency; the Senator
thinks it is a continual want, and he does not look
forward to any time when the want will be less
than it now is. Then what is the use of talking
about an emergency thntis to expire in two years?
What is the use of telling the Government they
have an emergency, when they tell you they have
not ? Why say there is a necessity for two years'
service, when the necessity, if it exists at all, we
are told will exist forever, so far as gentlemen can
see ? I will tell you just what the two years' pro-
vision means. It is doubtful whether Congress
will vote this increase of the Army; it is seen that
it is doubtful; and to make it a little more palat-
able, they say let us have it for two years. We
give it to them, and when the two years roll around
they will say it is so necessary, and the experi-
ence of these two years has shown it to be so ne-
cessary, that they want it for two years longer,
or for six years, or forever. So far as I am con-
cerned, I would as lief voto for the increase to the
end of time as for two years, because if you give
it for two years it will go on to the end of time,
and therewillbe said to be a greater necessity two
years hence than there is now.
1 desire to deal with this measure fairly. The
Government tells us that they want it for a per-
manent increase, and if you give it, it will be per-
manent; and we do not deceive ourselves or any-
body else by putting upon this bill this amend-
ment, and pretending that we are going togetiid
of it in two years. "We never shall get rid of it
so long as the Government is able to pay, or has
credit to borrow money. If you put this on for
two years or two months, it will go on eternally
until there is adilfercntpohcy in the Government,
and I do not expect that in two years; but I do in
about three. I move that tne Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 10, noes 22.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment having been again modified by the mover,
it will be read as-modified:
The Secretary read it as follows:
Provided, That aitei two years from tin* pas-aiie of this
act, or f-oonci, if the exigency of the public spi vice will per-
mit, it shall be the duty of the President to reduce the mil-
itary establishment so as not to exceed the mimberof com-
panies, either in ollieeto or privates, as now authorized by
existing Jaws*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the committee
to withdraw the rest of the bRl ?
Mr. DAVIS. The second section
Mr. HALE. That must be*done by a vote of
the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I move to strike out the second
section.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICR. It is not now in
order. The question is on striking out the second
section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. STUART. I move to strike out the fourth
section, which changes the order of promotion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment olfered and pending to the third sec-
tion of the bill, which would be strictly in order
before acting on the subsequent sections.
Mr. STUART. I suppose there will be no
objection to taking the question on this motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will,
if there be no objection, put the question on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan, to strike
out the fourth section.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to state to the Senate the
object the committee had in preparing the fourth
section; and I thought the committee wen- unani-
mous, though from the remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I may have been mistaken
in that. The object was to secure promotion by
regiments, instead of arms of the service, believ-
ing it to be more equitable. If a regiment goes out
to meet the enemy, or is exposed to perilous cam-
paigns, or is exposed to the peril of climate, va-
cancies will occur, and it was thought that those
who shared the hazard that created the vacan-
cies, were best entitled to the promotions. Then
again, it will sometimes occur that two lieutenant
colonels of about the same date, being in differ-
ent regiments of the same arm, may have had all
that rivalry that belongs to their posiiion,and
a vacancy occurring at the head of a regiment,
the lieutenant colonel senior, perhaps by.one day,
comes to the head of that regiment over his old
rival. Again it inevitably follows, that a man
promoted into a regiment he has not previously
seen, as a major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel,
ignorant of the officers and men, will be less effi-
cient than a man who had been serving in the
regiment, and knew both the officers and men. It
is well known that the ,fate of the gallant Law-
rence, at the beginning of the war of 1812, was
due to his want of acquaintance with the men of
his ships.
Then there is another point, and the only one
which I shall notice. A regiment m the field,
going frequently into battle, may lose its colonel
and lieutenant colonel, and be commanded by
its senior major; he may go through battle after
battle as the commander of that regiment; and
yet, when he returns from the campaign it is to
meet officers who, perhaps, have been enjoying
their ease at home, and who come into the regi-
ment as colonel and lieutenant colonel, and slip
him down to the position of major.
I think the equity is on the side of the provis-
ion. Jt is a reform, and therefore, it must bear
upon somebody. No reform can ever be insti-
tuted that will not violate the just expectations of
somebody. If the reform is proper, if equity is on
the side of the provision, the sooner it is adopted
the better. It so happens that we now have four
new regiments in the Army; two of them are
infantry, liable to cross promotion; but no cross
promotion has yet occurred; and I think it is
better if the provision is to be adopted at all that
it should be adopted before such cross promotion
has arisen than after it shall have occurred, and
claims have been perfected in the hands of other
officers.
Mr. WILSON. I assented, as the chairman of
the committee lias said, to this section of the bill.
Without alluding improperly to anything that
happened in the committee, I may say that the
chairman of the committee stated the case, and
stated it clearly, as he has nowdone. Ithinkitisa
sound general principle. 1 assented that it should
be reported. 1 carried into that committee-room
some general principles in regard to the Army,
but very little experience in detail, and I have paid
great deference to the suggestions of the chairman,
who, perhaps, more than any man in the Senate
or in Congiess, is familiar with all the details con-
nected with the Army.
But, sir, after assenting to this section of the
bill, 1 was told by officers of the Army, that al-
though sound as a general principle, and that if
we were to organize an army now it ought to be
carried into effect, it would practically operate
badiyin the Army if introduced at this time; that
it would do great injustice; that some officers ap-
pointed m the new icgiments two or three years
ago, would, under it, outrank m the field officers
who have gone through public service of ten or
fifteen years' standing, and that it would be unjust.
In addition to this, wishing to learn the precise
facts m the case, I made inquiry of the General-
in-Chief of the Army. He said that as a general
principle it was a sound one; that if we were about
to establish a new army it ought to be adopted;
but that if adopted now, it would lead to a great
deal of trouble, and cause injustice in the Army.
I am satisfied that if it be adopted now, although
I assented to the report of it in good faith, we shall
have about the same trouble in the Army that we
have had in the Navy in consequence of the re-
