17@4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
pressed by those who wish to defeat the old sol-
diers' pension bill, which is the special order for
this <jlay in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and I want a record of those
who vote to go into a Committee of the Whole
House, and therefore demand the yeas and nays.
On a count, only twenty-eight voted for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SAVAGE. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Warren
and Buffinton were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered, the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes thirty-five; more than one fifth
of those present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 128, nays G4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Barks-
dale, Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bo-
cock. Brajton, Biyan, Buffinton, Builhisanie, Case, Chaf-
fee, Siemens, Chnsman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Connns,
Corning, Covode, Cox, Oragm, Burton Ciaige, Crawford,
Bamrell, Davidson, Davi-> of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dick,
Dodd, Dowdell, Duifee, Edie, Edmundoon, Farnswoith,
Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Oilman, Gooch, Goode, Good-
win, Granger, Gieenwood, Git'^g. Groe&heek, Giow, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas 1/ Hams, Ilatch, Houston,
IJuyler, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone>, Owen
Jones, Keilogs, Kelsey, Ki'uoro, Knapp, Landy, Leach,
Leitei, Letcher. Lovely. McU'ieen, Mile*, Millsun, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Isaac N. r lo;u<, Fiueman II. Motive, Olivei ;
A. Morse, Motr, Muriav, Niehoh, Olin, Pilmer. I'aikei,
Pendleton. Point, IN yton, riielp^Phiil.p^, Pike, Quitman,
Reagan, Rieaud, ltitehie, lloyee, Kufiin, Ru- ell, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Seward, llcmy M. Shaw, John Sbeuuan,
Judson W. JSheiirut:!, Sickle, WiN'rtin Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Tnppan, George Taj lor, Mde^ Taylor, 'J'hayei,
Thompson, Tompkins, Tiippe, Wade, YValhridRP, Walton,
ElUhu B. Wa=hburne, Israel Wa-hbmn, White, Whiteley,
Wmslow, Wood, and Wostendykc—1:28.
NAYrt—Messis. Amh-r-on, Atkins, Avcrv, Blair, Bon-
batn, Bowie, Bianch, Burnett, Bnrn^, Buiion^ii^, Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Horace F OJaik, John B. Clark, Clawson,
Clay, Claik B. Cochran", Cockenll, Colfax, James Ciuhe,
Curtis, Dean, Elliott, Fenton, Foley, Garfiell, Lawieiu-;;
W. Hall, J. Morrr-on Ilanirf, Haskin, Hawkins, Hill,
Hutches, Jackson, Keitt, Kelly, Lawrence. Leidv, Maeln\,
McKibbm, Uumplncy Ma^hall, Ma^on, Mavnaid, Miller,
Edwaid Joy Morris," Nibluck, Pofth*, Purvianee, llcudy,
lleilly, Kobbins, tf.iva:<o, Samuel A. Smith, Stevenson,
James A. Stewait, Talbot, Undei wood, Wahlion, Wan en,
Watkuis, Wihon. Woodson, Augustus R. Wuglit, John V.
Wright, and Zoilicolier—0-1.
So the motion was agreed to. The House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole ilouse on
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The. CHAIRMAN (Mr. Groiv m the chair")
stated, that this being' objection day, the Calen-
dar would ho called, commencing; with the first
case upon it; and that bills to which objection
should be made would be passed over.
CYRUS H. M'CORMICIC.
An advcise report (C. C. No. 11) upon the
petition of Cyrus ]I. MeCormick.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
V.'ILUAM JN'EILr,.
An adverse report (O. C. No. 30) upon the
petition of Willi;!'.!! JNei!! and others.
Mr. KLOKENCE objected.
CII MILES J. INGERSOLL.
A bill (II. R. No. 197) for the relief of Charles
J. Ingersoil.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
BARCLAY AND LIVINGSTON".
A bill (H. It. No. 204) to refund to Barclay and
Livingston and others duties on certain goods de-
stroyed by fne in the city of New York on the
19th day of July, 1S45.
Mr. LAWRENCE objected.
IIDNRY LEEF AND JOHN Bi'lCEE.
A bill (II. R. No. 20C) to indemnify Henry
Leef and John Jlelvee for illegal seizure of a cer-
tain bark.
Mr. MiLLSON oVjocted.
WILLIAM SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 209) tor the relief of the rep-
resentatives of William Smith, deceased, late of
Louisiana.
Mr. LETCHER. I objected to this bill when
the Calendar was under consideration before, on
the ground that I did not think the patent was
going to the right person. I see, by an examina-
Uoh of the papers since, that all the parties inter-
ested agree that it should go as provided by this
bill, and I shall make no further objection.
The bill provides that the claim of William
Smith to six hundred and forty acres ofland, now
occupied by William B. Allen, in the parish of
Livingston, in the State of Louisiana, and being
the same he resided on at the time of his death,
and settled originally by Stephen Terry, and rep-
resented on the map of surveys as section thirty-
nine, in township number six south, of range
number three east; and section number sixty, m
township number six south, of range number two
east, shall be confirmed to William Smith,and to
his heirs and representatives; and that a patent
shall be issued therefor as in other cases; provided
that this act shall only operate as a relinquishment
forever, on the part of the United States, to the
land, and shall not interfere with adverse valid
rights of others, if such exist.
From the report it appears that by the act of 3d
March, 1819, " for adjusting the claims to land
and establishing land offices in the districts east
of the Island of New Orleans," every person, or
his or horlega! representative, embraced in the list
of actual settlers, where the land claimed or set-
tled on had been actually inhabited or cultivated
J on or befoie the 15th day of April, 1813, should
j be entitled to a donation grant of six hundred and
J forty acres ofland. Allen claims six hundred and
I forty acres under the provisions of this act; and
| to sustain his claim submits the following lead-
ing facts, sworn to by several credible witnesses:
one gentleman states that his acquaintance with
the land claimed commenced m 180S; another, in
1813; and that they were told that it was settled
by Stephen Terry,"in 1803, and believed, from the
appearance of everything about it, that the im-
provemi'iits might have commenced at that time;
that William Smith, in 1808 and 1813, and for
some time after the latter peuod, occupied and cul-
tivated it; and that it was the same place now
claimed and occupied by William B. Allen, and
! known on the surveys as section twenty-nine of
j township six south, of range three east, and sec-
l tion sixty of township six south, of range two
j east, and is represented on the maps of the land
i office as "claimed by Stephen Terry," but " no
! confirmation found."
' Hon. Thomas Green Davidson states that he
has actual knowledge of the place since 182G, and
j legal knowledge as to his other statements. He
I says that he was on the place first in 1826; had
i lived near it since that time, and is satisfied, from
! all appearances, that it had been cultivated for
! twenty years or more when he first knew it; and
that it'was known as the Smith or Terry place, and
! has been inhabited and cultivated up to this time;
i and that to his knowledge, taxes were assessed
and paid on it for the heirs of Smith until about
| 1842, when John Holloway purchased it at a pub-
! lie sale; since which time, taxes have been paid
\ on it by Holloway and those holding under him;
i that it was notorious that the commissioners ap-
1 pointed under act of Congress, to report upon
private land claims in Louisiana, had received
notice and proof of Smith, under Terry, and all
the country considered the claim had been con-
finned, ami that one of the witnesses, who died
last year, declared to him that he was present
I when Smith gave his notice and made his proof.
' Mr. Davidson further states, that he was for
fi\ e years register of the Greensburg land district,
appoint'-d in 1829, and that the notice and proofs
; of settlement for the neighborhood, where is lo-
! rated the land in question, were all burned by the
fire which destroyed much of the land office and
its records; and that the parties whose land claim
papers were thus destroyed were required in 1819
' to file anew for confirmation; but that Smith died
in 1819, and that his children (being minors) were
; cairied to Geoigia by their friends, and no one
I attended to their interest in the matter. That his
legal knowledge extends to the settlement of the
' place by Stephen Terry ill 1803, who was the
: cousin o"f William Smith, and were both from the
i State of Georgia', and that TVrry sold the place
: to Sniith and moved to Mississippi in 1805. That
William Smith lived on the place until 1819; when
he and his wife both died; no debts were left, and
the place was cultivated and the taxes paid on it
by a Mr. Fleming until 1839, when Fleming died;
and that in 1842 the place was sold for the taxes
due on it, as the property of William Smith, de-
ceased, and was bought by Julin Holloway; and
that the taxes have been paid on it ever since by
Holloway and those holding under him; and that
under the laws of Louisiana such possession, aa
between individuals, would perfect the title in the
present occupant, William 15. Allen.
On motion of Mr. SANDIDGE, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
PIERRE BROUSSARD.
A bill (H.R. No. 211) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Pierre Brous-
sard, deceased.
The bill provides that the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Pierre Broussard, deceased, late of
Louisiana, shall be confirmed in their title to a
certain tract ofland situated on the Bayou Teche,
in the parish of St. Martin, in Louisiana, and
known on the recognized public surveys as sec-
tion thirty-six, in township eight south, of range
five east, containing about one hundred and sev-
enty acres; provided that this confirmation shall
only operate as a relinquishment of title on the
part of the United States, and shall not affect any
adverse rights, if any such there be.
From the report it appears that the Chevalier
Declouet had a large tract of land, situated on iho
Bayou Teche, in Louisiana, in his possession as
owner, some time before the cession of the terri-
tory to the United States; that portions of this
large tract of land were sold to different individ-
uals by the Chevalier before the change ofgovern-
ment, and among others to Pierre Broussard, in
1706; that at the time of the change of government
a portion of the lands embraced in the original
tract of Declouet still remained in the possession
of members of his family,and that the whole tract
was possessed and inhabited by Pierre Broussard
and his family, or by the Declouet family, and
formed an unbroken fronton the Bayou Teche;
that the owners of the different portions presented
their titles to the boards of commissioners estab-
lished for the settlement of land titles in Louisi-
ana, and that they were confirmed in their claims
respectively, but that the surveying department of
the Government has surveyed the different titles
confirmed in such a manner as to represent a por-
tion of the land purchased by Pierre Broussard
from the Chevalier Declouet on the 10th of May,
1796, as public land. The act of sale from De-
clouet to Pierre Broussard, is filed with the papers;
and it is shown, by the affidavits of witnesses,
that the land on the Teche designated as section
thirty-six, in township eight south, range five east,
and containing about one hundred and seventy
acres, and now reptesented as public land, was
established and cultivated by Pierie Broussard
under his purchase, at least fifty-eight years ago,
and that it has been continually occupied and cul-
tivated by him or his descendants, or those hold-
ing under him, to the present time.
On motion of Mr. SANDIDGE, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
HEIRS or WILLIAM CONWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (Ii.
R. No. 100) to revive an act entitled " An act for
the relief of the heirs, or their legal representa-
tives, of William Conway, deceased."
The hill and preamble were read, as follows:
Whereas the heirs of William Coruwj .deeeisert, or their
legal lepiescntauvos, have rever bc.'n uoie to avail them-
selves ut the piovt-lun-- m thins fivoi contained in an net
entitled •'An act loi the rehef or' the hens 01 then iegil
lepteferuatives, oi'Wilti.im C<" ;v.\;y, deceased," patily be-
cause o( some eiroi or ltii-t.-k; n« to the location of* the
poition of the land-* applied i<u under tho act, and pattly
hecan-e of the existence ot' a legal eositioversy between the
pauies in mtemst imdei the piuvisions of said act: Tlieic--
loie—
Be it cna'ted, $e , That th  "aid «vt, entitled "'An Fief foi
the relief of the heir^, or iejra! lepies-eiitative?, oi \\ illiani
Comv.ty, deceased,-'' approved Jn!y VJ, be, and tho
i>aine i.s heieby, jevtvedand confirmed in force lor one year
lion! tii? passage of this acf, and no longer.
Tho report, which was read, states that on the
2d July, 1838, Congrrss passed ail act authoriz-
ing the representatives of said Conway to loeate,
wuhin twelve months from the passage of the act,
on any unappropriated public land in the State of
Louisiana subject to public entry, one thousand
and seventy acres m a body, in contiguous tracts,
according to the legal subdivisions of the publiG
surveys; and also two thousand seven hundred
and eighty-nine acres, under the same limitations,
in consideration of the release, within twelve
