1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2789
Mr. BENJAMIN. Both muskets and rifles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must say that I have not
much faith in changing the old musket or rifle
into a breech-loading arm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to offer
as a proviso to the appropriation just adopted:
Prov\<!ed< That any portion of said bum, not exceeding
five thousand dollars, may be expended, under the direction
of the Secretary of War, m appljuiii to the old or new ai nib
the recent impiovemetu ot'Oaptam J. N. Ward, in the mode
of uppljing Maynard's primer.
I beg leave to make to the Senate a very short
explanation in relation to tins matter. This sub-
ject was brought to the attention of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, the improvement of Cap-
tain Ward was subjected to the inspection of the
committee, and I think met the dccided approval
of every member. Thi& is an improvement in
the application of Maynard's primer, which Con-
gress have heretoforeadopted,urid forwhichthey
gave a very large premium to Dr. Maynard. The
improvement consists in a hammer which con-
tains within it a coil of Maynard's primer, so ar-
ranged that upon the cocking of the gun, one link
of Maynard's primer projects itself so as to come
down upon the cap and explode. Thatis the sim-
ple explanation of it. This improvement has been
subjected to a board of officers appointed by the
Secretary of War consisting;of Colonel J. E. john-
son, first cavalry; Major W. H. Bell, of the ord-
nance department; Brevet Colonel Charles A.
May, second dragoons;Major N.C. McRae, thud
infantry; and Captain J. E. Whitall, fifth infantry.
They assembled in the month of February, in
the present year, and examined various arms sub-
mitted by Captain Ward, and amongst others
this improvement jn the mode of applying May-
nard's primer. The board say:
'•The hoard examined an arrangement foi attaching tape
primers to small aim?, called Ward's magazine hammer.
To test itf working, lurty *.hota weie fired. The boaid aie
of opinion that Wind's magazine hammer is a great improve-
ment on anv other method known for the application of
tape primers for the firing of small arms; and theiefoie
recommend th.it it be applied to alt the bmall army except
1 evolve!«;. ro he manufactured, and to all the old small aims
except levolvers."
That is the unanimous recommendation of the
board of officers who were appointed for the pur-
pose of making this examination. The improve-
ment is also very highly recommended by various
officers oft he Army who have examined and tested
it; amongst otheis, by General Churchill, Colo-
nel Mansfield, Inspector General of the Army,
Assistsnt Adjutant General Thomas, Major Bell,
of the oidnance corps, and Major Backus, of the
third infantry. Major Bell says:
" It i-s. ni mv opinion, by far the greatest invention for
firing cliaiges of powder ever known."
It has also the recommendation of some fifteen
or twenty of the highest officers known loathe
militia service of the State ot New iotk. I he
advantage of this arm is, in the first place, that it
can be cheaply made, as compared with any other
self-priming arrangement, and can be adjusted to
percussion guns by any blacksmith, without ic-
quiring any alteration of the aims except the m-
seiuon of a screw pin in the lock-plate. Thus,
the hammers can be made in the United States
armories and sent to Texas, New Mexico, Ore-
gon, &c., to be there adjusted, and will save the
cost of double transportation required ^for the al-
teration of these arms by other methods. In the
next place, from its construction, this magazine
hammer feeds out the continuous primer with
greater precision and certainty than does any
other method. Its parts are all strong; and as
neither water nor stnoke can get into it, it will
not sufTer fiom corrosion. That is an advantage
which perhaps no otherimprovement has. Next,
the flame of the cap and the vent discharge are
reflected down from the magazine, instead of into
it, as in the case of all magazines located below
the cone. It was to determine that point that the
late examining boaid of officers had forty shots,
will, ball carUidge, lit ed. They were satisfied on
all other points simply from an inspection of the
hammer in dotal'. From observing that alter
forty shots no smoke even was lound in the
passage to the magazine, the board pionounoed
thiMiiR'.lves entuely .satisfied, and some of them
remaiked that forty shots were as good as a thou-
sand to establish the certainty, accuracy, ana
safety offeedmgoutantifiring tiiepnmer. Lastly,
this hammer is just as good for percussion caps
as for primers, and a soldier can be supplied with
a few of the former to use in case the latter fail.
It requires no fixed ammunition or fancy cart-
ridges, such as a sportsman may carry about his
shooting wagon. Our soldiers are accustomed to
cartridges and caps; and, in my opinion, no gun
will answer for our service which docs not have
a cone for caps or primers. Caps and powder and
ball can be found anywhere, but fixed ammuni-
tion of i. peculiar kind cannot; and when out of
cartridges, though you have powder, ball, and
caps in your hand, your gun is worth no more
than a crowbar to you.
There is an additional invention by Captain
Ward of a cone seat, which prevents fire from
going forward and striking the fingers or hand of
the party who holds the musket, which is always
a great disadvantage, and this is an effectual pre-
ventive of that difficulty.
The cost of this application cannot be more
than one dollar and a half or two dollars to each
musket; and, in a conversation which I had on
the subject with the Secretary of War, who ex-
amined it very critically, he said that, with the
application of this hammer to our old muskets,
they would be equal to any guns known to the
world. A board of officers have recommended it;
it has the recommendation of a large number of
i other officers who have examined it; the Com-
! mittee on Military Affairs are satisfied that it is a
i very valuable improvement; and I tiust that at
! least a poition of this appropriation will be ap-
| plied in this way. The amendment docs not direct
j the Secretary of War to apply the money m this
1 way; it authorizes him to do so, leaving it discre-
! tionary with him to use $5,00(3 in applying this
I improvement to the old arms, or to any new arms
; he may think proper to have manufactured at the
I armories. This is one of the most valuable mi-
i provements that has ever been invented, and I
| trust there will be no objection to the application
! of the small sum proposed to test the matter. The
! amount will probably be enough to supply two
! regiments with this hammer, so that, in the course
i of a very short time, its utility would be fairly
: tested, and it might then he applied to all the
j arms of the United States, if that should be con-
j sidered advisable.
I Mr. MALLOIIY. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia, who proposes this amendment,
1 to what extent Maynard's primer has been intro-
i duccd into the Army in actual service. This is
> a proposition to apply Maynard's primer with
| more facility. This invention is a magazine ham-
j mcr in which to place the primer. The Senator
can doubtless toll me to what extent the primer
i itself has bpen introduced into actual service.
! Mr. IVERSON. 1 am not able to say. The
! chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
| perhaps can do it belter.
Mr. DAVIS. The primers, as originally made,
I were defective,and did notsucoeod. Jlee< ntly, at
i l^ast within the la:st two years, we have cot a ce-
, ment to prevent the cans bein^ dampened, femes
1 that tine-, they have gone out, to s-ome extent.
Mr. MALLOIIY. " I have no doubt, that any
, fulniinator, covcred with gum shellac, as these
; primers are. made in Washington, oi any climate
: similar to Washington, would prove very auvant-
! ageous; but 1 think when you transfer thrse pri-
■ mers to a moist climate, a damp atmosphere, they
j arc perfectly useless—Maynard's, or any other.
j 1 think we now supply our soldiers with thepci-
i cussion caps.
j Mr. DAVIS. We supply boih, and therefore
: all modifications requite that the cone should be
! retained so that the cap may be used. I would,
' however, state what 1 am sure will be agreeable
i to the chairman of the Committee on Naval A f-
■ fairs, that we think we have found a cement that
: is insoluble either in vapor or valer.
j Mr. MALLOIIY. If that is tin: ease, the pri-
! mer is a very valuable discovery, if it can be pro-
: tec ted from dampness, and h" equally good under
, all states of tempeta'uie.
Mr. IVERSON. The hammer of CV-.tam
Ward securec th« primer noni ail moistui.' of
1 evuy kind whatever.
Mr. MALLOKY. ] heve se«.n tho hammer,
and am familiar with n. I w£
rrimc. how-
ver, to the character of the primer uself. My
|1 own experience of May nam's primer m a soutii-
l.era latitude, is thatis useless, if, howevur, a
cement to cover the fulminate has been discov-
ered so as to protect it from dampness, it is a val-
uable discovery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs, to insert be-
| tween lines one hundred and seventy-one and one
hundred and seventy-two:
To enable the Secretary of War to examine and report
upon euiuihie .<itcs> lor an armory and fouiuiery in the west
and on the Pacific coast, $10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for an
armory on the Pacific coast?
Mr DAVIS. There is no estimate, nor is there
any work projected. This is simply for an ex-
amination to ascertain the site. It is recommended
by the Department.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment to
I insert between lines one hundred and seventy-four
i and one hundred and seventy-five:
j To enable the Secietary of War to compensate F. W.
j Lander, for services performed and expends nieuired by
| him m making: a leconnotssance for a railroad from Piigct
] Sound, via South Pass, to the i\Ii->>i-*sippi liver, in 1854,
; fr-iwoO, or as much thereof as the paid Secretary may con-
sider leafconable and pioper, in full consideration iort>aid
services and expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim—
back pay in 1854? I ask the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that the amendment is in
I order.
Mr. HUNTER. Such amendments were ruled
; out last week all the time,
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. Without some inform-
ation upon the subject, I do not see how we can
j vote for any such claim. 1 do not know who Mr.
j .Lander is; I do not know by whom he was em-
| ployed.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give such explanation as
' I can to the Senate. Congress, some years ago,
\ so far adopted a reconnoissance made by Mr.
Lander of a route for a railroad from the Colum-
| bia river into the valley of the Platte as to direct
that his report and map should be made and pub-
lished. He made his report to Congress, with a
map which has been published; and the only ques-
! tion is, whether Congress, by adopting his work,
| have not made themselves liable to pay him for
it. I present the amendment," without myself
pretending to be a judge of the question of order
that has been raised. I merely thought, that, as
Congress had adopted the work, and it was rec-
ommended that he should be paid, and this is the
! ■ sum we learn from the Department thatis consid-
ered a fair compensation, the amendment would
be proper.
Mr. HUNTER. It is evidently a privateclaim;
and if the Chair insists on his decision, I shall
have to take an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
aware that the lule has been construed more
rigulV this session than last session; but the
Chan considers: it not to be a private claim, being
m pursuance of a law heretofore passed.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not in pursuance of any
law
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair
misunderstood the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. Perhaps I have not made my-
. self plain; and in my effort to avoid unnecessary
speaking, I have said too little. Mr. Lander
was a civil engineer employed in the expedition
to survey the best route for a railroad near the
forty-ninth parallel of latitude, being a part of the
organization of Governor Stevens. Atter he got
into Washington Territory, he left the party with
' which he went out, and returned,as an individual
entei prise, up the Columbia river, and across into
the valley of the Platte, and made out a report.
He had no outfit; he had noaidirom the Govern-
ment at all in this survey; but when he arrived
li,>ip, by influences winch I understand, but can-
not attempt to desenbe, his report was called for
bv te.f lipase of Representatives, and it was au-
tlioi.^ed that ho should make a repoi t and map.
Hi submitted lus repoit to the War Office, and
it w-s sen; in, with Ins map of his route, and Con-
fess o'dered it to he printed, thus adopting his
work. His claim to compensation is that he made
a survev, which Congress adopted, and gave to
the public.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand ene other fact,
