638
THE. COKGRESSIQNAL ©LOBE.
February 11,
your safety-guard, I h-ave never,in a single instance, eeen |
H fail ui rts opeiauons at the given melting pomt—whether
caused by deficiency of water or increase oi pressure. 1
would t'urther add it as my humble opinion, that your ap-
paratus, for efficiency and security, (if let alone and not
tampered Avith,) cannot be surpassed in preventing those
dreadful calamities eaused by the explosion of steam-boil-
ers. Thi* is not a hasty opinion, but one winch has been
long and maturely considered and formed.
f am, with sentiments of respect and esteem, your obe-
Hient servant, WILLIAM M. ELLIS.
C. Evxifs, Esq.
fifth proof.
Report of Engineer in Chief of the United States Navy to
Commodore Morris, Chief of Bureau, <$"c.
Engineer Corps, United States Navy,
February 6, 1845.
Sir: The letter ofMr. C.Evans, of the 4th mutant, to the
Secretary of the Navy, which has been referred to me tor
an opinion, has been received.
In 1842 I witnessed several operations of Mr. Evans's
eafety-guard, and have since made myself fully acquainted
with its construction. I am of the opinion that it is woithv
of application to the boilAs of all steam engine*, and that,
to the boilers of stationary engines, and to uiumj of vc^els
navigating rivers, the application of it, or one of equal meat,
should be rendered imperative by legislative enactment.
£ am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,
* J F C. H. HARWELL.
Tq Commodore Moukis, Chief of Bureau, «$•/;.
seventh proof.
Opinion ofProfessor Henry, of Princeton College of New
Jersey.
I have made a number of experiments with your appa-
ratus, the icsults of which are peifcctly satisfactory. To
determine if the discharge of the steam always takes place
at the same pressure, the composition of the fusible metal
remaining the same, I attached to the appai at us a mano-
meter gauge,and found that in each case the discharge took
place at a pressure of about thirty three pounds per square
inch. The indications of the gauge did not vaiy from tins
more than a pound on either side hi any of the experiments,
although the quantify of water in the boiler was not pre-
cisely the same in all cases. I have also made some experi-
ments on surcharged steam ; for this puq-o^e the vvatei vvas
suffered to get low in tin* boiler, and then the fm> was re-
moved from the bottom to the sides, so a> to heat the metal
above the water line, and thus >urchaigc the steam. Under
the&e circumstances the fu-iblu metul gave way at a pres-
sure of about Ki\reen pounds.
These lesults appeal «o satisfaetorv, that I do not hesi-
tate to Mate that I consider the plan or umii  the Iumwc
metal inclosed in a tubo, exposed to the sfumfand >our
arrangement for leheving the gaiety-valve at the approach
of danger, as the best contiivanee which has been piopo^-d
to the public us a means of preventing the disa^tious explo-
sion® from steam.
With my best wishes for your success m introducing your
invention into geneinl use, I remain ic^peou'ully \ours,
&c.} JOSEPH IJBNliY.
To C. Evans, Esq.
Now, sir, it will be seen, tlmt, under the pro-
visions of the present law, the pressure to be ap-
plied to the iron of which boilers are made, is one
hundred and sixty-five pounds to the square inch.
I will do the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
biirse] the justice to say, that the fusible alloy
has not in every instance fulfilled its purpose; but
in its application with Evans's safety-guard, it
has answered the required purpose. The gentle-
man referred yesterday to one instance of an ex-
plosion, in which the safety-guard was used. 1
have no doubt that when inquiry is made, it will
be found that the pressure upon the boiler to pro-
duce the temperature at which this alloy will fuse,
was removed in that instance. 1 say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that I know of no single in-
stance in which the fusible alloy has failed of its
purpose, when it has been protected by Evans's
improved safety-guard. I am willing to admit
that when the plug is used in boilers, very often
the pressure of one hundred and sixty-five pounds
to the square inch will not sufficiently fuse the
alloy to permit the steam to escape; but it has an-
swered the purpose 111 every instance in winch it
has been protected by Evans's improved safety-
guard, and I defy contradiction of that fact. I
. think I have satisfied the House, and can satisfy
the committee, by incontestable cliermedl tests and
testimony, that tin fuses at 44:2° of Falnenheit;^
that it is not adapted either for the purpose of
preventing the explosion of boilers or the tuse of
boilers, or securing the safety of human life; and
I presume that the object of the comimttet, in in-
troducing this section into the bill, was to throw
-additional guaidsand protections around human
life.
Now, sir, I asked the gentleman from Illinois,
yesterday, who reported this bill, if he could tell
me where these tin plugs are to be placed, in what
part of the boiler or line, or where they are to be
placed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When the
gentleman gets through I will answer him.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire again to call the
attention of the House to the ninth section of the
bill, and I hope the House will listen attentively
to it. It is as follows:
'• Sec. 9. *%i:l he it further enacted, That instead of the
existing provisions ot"'law lelatins to the use of fusible at-
ioys upon high pressure boilers, there maybe substituted
fusible plugs-, or rivets, of pure tin, of such dimensions, and
inserted in such position, as shall he prescribed by the in-
spectors."
Now, I take this ground, sir, that there is no
fusible plug or rivet of pure tin that will melt at
a less pressure of steam than 4420 0f Fahrenheit,
and I maintain that there is no boiler, no iron,
that has undergone any hydrostatic test, that will
bear any such pressure; and if that be so, I want
to know how they will use fusible plugs of tin?
I maintain, therefore, that to give to the builders
and owners of steamboats the privilege of using
plugs of tin or fusible alloy, as may suit their de-
sires and purposes, is to endanger life to a greater
extent by the explosion of boilers or the collapse
of flues, than ever before existed.
Why, sir, if you were to put in a plug of tin
in the crown-plate of the boiler, or in the top flue,
with the fire immediately under it, and if, by any
accident, the water should be reduced below the
top flue, where the plug ought to be placed, the
consequence would be terrible, for two reasons.
If the metal becomes heated to 442° Fahrenheit,
necessary for the tin plug to become fused, the
pressure of steam upon the boiler, or on the doors
of the flue, or on the boat generally, would cause
a destruction of human life greater than can be
conceived. And another reason is, that if the
object is to keep the boat on her course, to pre-
vent her from going on to a lee shore, I want to
know how she is to be kept from shipwreck.
The plug out, of course the draft occasioned by
the rush of steam into the smoke-stack must
greatly increase the heat of the boiler, and must
I produce a pressure of steam productive of the most
! terrible consequences. I cannot conceive how
any of these inspectors, rtfen, I suppose, learned
in their profession, could, for a single minute,
recommend, and I cannot believe they have un-
derstandmgly recommended, the use of this tin
plug.
Now I agree with all that has been said by
gentlemen on this floor m relation to disasters and
loss of human life. I agree that there may be a
necessity for improvement in the existing steam-
boat laws. I will vote for the bill or amendment
which has been presented by the gentleman from
Illinois from the Committee on Commerce, if I
can be satisfied that the changes they propose will
accomplish the end sought to be accomplished.
But 1 would ask here, Mr. Speaker, if it is not
in order to give notice that I will move to amend
the substitute of my friend from Illinois, by strik-
ing out the ninth section? I desire to have an
opportunity of submitting that amendment, be-
cause I do not believe the Committee on Com-
merce will be able to satisfy me, from the exam-
ination 1 have been able to give to the subject, that
this fusible plug of pure tin will answer the pur-
pose for which it was intended. I think it would
be very much better to leave the existing provis-
ions of law to stand as they are, with these rivets
of fusible alloy, rather than to give the inspectors
the right to make the uncertain and dangerous ex-
periment of changing the provisions of existing
law by the substitution of tin plugs.
The SPEAKER. In response to the inter-
rogatory of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
, Chair would state that, with a motion to commit
: pending, a motion to amend could not be enter-
j mined. If the motion to commit be waived, it will
I then be in order to move to strike out the ninth
| section; but not after the previous question has
j been seconded.
! Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Clark.] having made the motion to
i commit, if he will withdraw it, I will then move
i to strike out the ninth section. I desire merely
] that the House shall have an opportunity of vot-
| ing upon this subject; but, sir, I consider it the
j most important feature in the bill, and unless I
I can be satisfied by the gentleman from Illinois,
| who will have an opportunity of answering the
I objections which have been urged against the
I bill, that the tin plug which it is proposed to give
the inspectors power to substitute, will answer
the purpose equally well, I shall be compelled to
vote against this bill. I have constituents who
are as much interested in the passage of this bill,
and m the protection of human life, as the con-
stituents of any other gentleman on this floor. I
am willing to vote for such a bill as this, but I
will not vote for it with this ninth section in it,
unless they can satisfy me that it will answer the
purpose for which it is intended. Will my friend
from New York withdraw the motion to com-
mit?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope my friend
from Pennsylvania will excuse Hie. I am very
desirous that this bill should go to the Committee
of the Whole. I have not discussed the bill at
length upon its merits. 1 desire to do so. I know
of no reason why the bill cannot be amended in
Committee of the Whole; and I think that is the
proper direction to give it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I cannot submit my
amendment at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can submit his amendment in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, if the bill goes there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in an-
swer to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
the motion to commit cuts off all further motions
to amend until that motion has* been disposed
of.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has this bill
been printed ?
The SPEAKER. The bill, substitute, and
amendments, have been all printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope it will
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. It is a very important bill; too im-
portant to be acted on in this way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there more than
one motion to commit pending?
The SPEAKER. Only one motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, if the njo-
tion to commit wore withdrawn, the amendment
could be submitted, and the motion to commit
renewed.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will with-*
draw his motion, I will submit my amendment*
and then renew his motion to commit.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest that we can-
not perfect this bill by this amendment. I hope
it will go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman is
correct. I hope the motion to commit will not be
withdrawn.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I do not with-
draw the motion. t
Mr. FLORENCE. I am not disposed to con-
cur with the gentleman as to the propriety of re*
ferring this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union I am disposed, and I
think the House is disposed, to consider it here.
That seems to be the disposition. I appreciate,
to some extent, the fears expressed by gentlemen
who are in favor of the passage of a proper bill
on this subject regulating the commerce of this
country by steam. I think there should be a bin
passed of some kind, A gentleman yesterday
cited cases of dreadful disasters upon vessels pro-
pelled by steam. I know it is a fact that since
the passage of the act of 1852, as the statistics will
show, the accidents on these vessels have been
reduced to almost nothing. Now, 1 do not wantto
do anything to impede the passage of a lav/ for the
protection of the lives of passengers; but I want
gentlemen to be fully satisfied that the change
they are making is a good change, and then lam
willing to vote for the bill.
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Speaker, if I believed
that the'motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union would prevail, I
would not trouble the House at this time with one
word in reference to this bill. To my mind, the char-
acter of some of its provisions is so monstrous that
I cannot vote for it as it stands. It appears to me
to interfere materially with our internal trade even
upon canals. It not only does that, but it creates
a horde of office-holders, an additional horde of
office-holders, whose only duty will be to receive
their salaries from the Governmentand bribes from
steamboat owners. But it is not on this ground
alone that I object to this measure; but more par-
ticularly upon the ground taken by the gentleman
