1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2-791
California if the ihoney has been expended on
this route which was appropriated last year.
Mr. GWIN. I take it for granted it has been.
I believe it is stated in the letter of the Secretary
of War, that what was appropriated, as was pro-
vided for in the law, directed the construction of
the road from Fort Defiance to the Colorado river.
Mr. WILSON". The report says that money
has been squandered rather than expended in
building the road. I do not know that it is so.
Mr. HCJNTER. I suppose it is useless to re-
sist any of these appropriations if we go on. I
wish merely to strike out the phrase in it that it
is to be paid " out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.3' 1 wonder how
much will answer that description if we put on
the amendments which are proposed?
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is to finish an appro-
priation made before. I presume it will stand as
good a chance as the rest of them.
Mr. BR0DER1CK. I understand there is a
letter from the Secretary of War in regard to this
appropriation, which I hope will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department, Washington, Nrry 22,18,38.
Fir : Tn reply to your note received this day, I bee leave
to lemaik tii.it tile road fiom Albuquerque to"the Colotado
liver. of which you speak, w, m mv judj*inem, one of v<jiy
gicat impoitanee. Jt constitute-; the ceutial line of com-
munication between the Mi^st-sippi valley and the Par-ilie
ocean, winch, for many purpo-e:-, will compare favouibly
will) an\ othei, and in ^omn particulars is Miaenoi. 11 w ill
he a meat thoro'iirhfai e for em igi at ion, pte^ennri!:, ac it do".>,
the strfujiifst road of any yet di-eoveicd across! the «u>,u
basni iii<4 between the rtieuc Madre and the >ierio Nevada,
alouy whu h tiie.ie i< no seaieity of waiei and s;ia-<.
In a milit.it \ pomt of view it i-> pi ohahly of inoi e impm t-
anec still, for !>v its const me lion. and ilia '•euiements \\ hu h
it Will super induce upon its whole h>osrfh, if will pievent
a line of defence aitei a while winch will do ule completely
the nomadic ttiVs of Indian:- w Ineii inhabit the I't.ih 'Per
nio,\ and uie legion:- itouh of this load tiom the eouutiy
lyp:<i in the tetntoi\ ol'Anzona.
It will be scnce!\ po.--.ihie. when the load f'om Ct Paso
to Foit Vuma i- eonipleted and properly yu.nded, tii.tt the
jet'ion of countiy h my between the road now spoken of and
th.it line of travel could be Mth|eet to an\ veiv .-emuis dep-
redations tiom the Indian tribe* eithn le-idnigin Hoi tliose
north of the ioad< winch \ on aie p'opo ms to >. on-lr'ict.
Fiitv thousand dolku< have been aheady expended upon
thw lute, jmheiou-dy. a5? I think, and the facts eonix cted
with the icpoit winch Mi Deal'3 made her tonne tiaas
milted tn Consrev-. •surionmhe:; tl'.is to,id, (hnnon-tia',". m
mv opinion, that a w t -e eeonoutv would \\ .ml lie a;,pio-
piiaiion of .^1G!UK)0 towatd-s the eoinnlenon oi an eiiteipM^c
to au-piciou-ly be^un.
Vciy lecpectfulh . \oiu obedient «-■ -j v en.
JOH.Y i; r:/!vn.
>r, t fo r\ I'
II on. M. A. O ri ho. IIo ;s( oj llcprc:ci.i< ie..
Mr. DOOLITTLK. I do not know that I have
any objection whatever, if this is the proper tune
to do it, fo expend money to build these military
roaus across the continent; but f have no objec-
tion to this particular appropriation. But, .sir,
while supporting this, there arc other routes
aetoss the continent of no less importance than
the one for which this appropriation is to he
made. There is a ) outp across the continent, near
the forty-ninth parallel—the route from Fort Ben
ton over into the navigable waters of the Colum-
bia—which, for the benefit of emigration and for
the development of our country, is far superior
to this route which is proposed across to Aibu-
quetque—a country which I venture to say when
tunc shall have developed both, whete the inhab-
itants within a square mile will be double what
they will eve'-be on this route, across the and
plains of the lower country—a route where ram
falls during the season of ram, whore the grass
grows up to the very ridge of the mountains and
on the very line of emigration in the n >rihern
part of this Confr deracy. If this matter 3 to be
gone into, I insist that it is but just and fair that
those routes should be considered and equally re-
garded. While I should not object to opening
this military road as is indicated by this amend-
ment, I insist that il is but just, if we now enter
upon it, and appropriate money to do it, that this
other go at toutc should also receive suppoit.
Mr. DAVlS. I wil! state, with the pel mission
of the Smaforfsom Wisconsin, that the load he
speaks of had a sm.Jl appronilation made for it,
qu'te i,iado<jiiate to the sending of a party there
with any hope of constructing it. There is an
officer employed now, however—I really do not
know with what nit ins—upon that road, hi
a plan was d-wivd for making that toad by pee-
ing troops from the west towards the east, and
fiom theUisi towards the west, changing the mode .
, of transportation at Fort Benton, the troops com-
j ing up the Missouri to give up their boats to the
j troops who come across from Oregon and Wash-
■ ington Territories, and take their wagons and go
: back on the route they had come over. It was a
mode by which a small amount might render it
. possible to make a wagon road. The route is a
i very difficult one. A party has once been over
! it. But to make a practical and easy wagon road
1 would require an amount of labor on the mere
: route which would exceed any sum, I am sure, the
' Senate would give; and, except by a military ex-
; pedition across that line, I see no prospect ofever
1 making a good road there. The officer who was
; engaged in it, I suppose, has given us the details,
i and the ^30,000, I expect, will go something like
other appropriations, in finding out where a road
■ is to be built.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will call the
' attention of the Senator from Wisconsin, also, to
i a fact which has not been noticed. It is the con-
cluding passage of a letter that I did not consider
■ as relating to the amendment, a portion of which
1 I readjust now. It is:
j "The mihtaivioad fiom Foit Beaton, on theMi-onn
j river, to Poit Walla Walla, al?o retetr'd to m the letter of
■ the eitantnan ol the Commiilee on Mihtaiv Aliairs ul the
! (Senate, i> not uticlet the dnectton of thi  buieau.''
; It is not under the direction of the War Dcpart-
, ment, allow me to say to him, and did not call for
action on the part of the Committee on Mihtaiy
Affairs; but the letter goes on to state:
" An appiopuaiion o{ 000 ha* aheady been made for
openi;::; the load-, and Lieutenant Mullen, ol th° aiulh-r.,
1, t- b< en d to the dntj, undei the immediate tiuoe-
1 turn o! the W ai Uepannieni.''
j That letter shows that efforts are going on al-
ready to construct fh.-it ro;ul. I will state to the
Senator, when the quc.Mion came up m regard to
i this or any of these roads at the last Com/res*, it
! never occurred to me, and certainly I think not to
I any gentleman on this side, or, if so, it was never
I called to my attention, thatwe should have asked
I the question, was tins i oau North or was itrSout h ?
I >ei y "u ell know that I \ oted for these roads, and
, that L strangled m suppui tins the vSer.ator fi o m
Cahfomia m efforts to get some r<v,d oneii by
which ( migrants con'.tj reach t ho Paejllo ehoro. i
, did U with enriiciitness. No such question as a
serf on, d one ever en ten d into my head, nor do I
think the question u raided on any of the propo-
sitions as to v,hether the North was receiving
, most or the South was receiving most.
J Now, sir, the committee leportthis amendment
' heie. It is for a road winch all the reports, when-
' ever they shall be examined, T am confident will
show is cute of the very best, if not absolutely
■ the very best, route for emigiation, for a meie
wogon road, tiuit the whole continent presents lo
' us. There are more resources along it for the
emigrant than are to be found, I vei ily believe,
upon any other one. You may obtain those re-
sources still earlier, as you go further South; but
; not, however, ior so gicat an extent of country,
nor to so high a degree of exeeilencc. This i
believe to bo so.
1 I trust that the question will not be considered
j by Senators on the odici sale of the Chamber as (
1 a mere matter ofs  ctionaiism. 1 know that has not ,
, ciiteied with me into the eou^idera'ion of 1 he pro- ■!
pnety, utility, or necessity, of any of those pub- -
lie roads, for a single moment. If we introduce i
that feeling here, it is plain we can divide this :
, Senate at once; and it is plain thatno measure lor ,
tlie lelief of tint section of the countiy can pc^s '
v/hatcver. This will be the result, and the only
result, of the consideration of a number of roads. 1
' We think this is but a moderate demand for ihe
necessities of die people of the LTnu< d Hwtc.v'.viio
ask to emigiate aeioss to our new possessions on
the Pacific.
ivlr. DOUGLAS. One word more upon tins ,
road, and I have done. I fcrl as uuich inteK^t as
the Senator from WiseonMn m that uoi them road .
It is a favorite road w.th nn ; and 1 will contribute
everything m my po\v. r to have that road opene d ■
A comm. ne-jnient has bee.i made; and wnen we .
get the leport from the ofin er m charge of it, I ■
have t!0 doubt the Government vjll go on with it. '
Permit uie to say to him that this iouie to AI- '
: bnquei que, in my opinion, is me best we go n road ,1
fiom the Mi's-os.-uppi liver to the Pacific ocean. ;;
■ It is the furthest northern road that can be trav- .
eled in winter. I beh"ve our own people North ^
would prefer it in the, summer to any other, ex-
cept a route going to Puget Sound, and thence to
the bay of San Francisco; but 1 trust that no ri-
valry between these two roads will be gotten up.
This route, which the amendment is intended to
complete, is as much a northern road as a south-
ern road; it is a central road, a good road, and,
in my opinion, the best road, i trust the amend-
ment will be adopted, therefore, without inter-
fering with any other route whatever.
Mi. WILSON. I hope that the Senators on
this side of the Chamber with whom I act will,
on tins as on all other questions, adopt a liberal
policy. I was on the committee that reported
the original proposition which has been submit-
ted by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Allans. I voted in that committee in favor of
the proposition. I shall vote for it here most
cheerfully. We had several proposed roads be-
fore us; some of them, I think, in Oregon and
Washington Territories, and the one referred to
by the Senator fiom Wisconsin. The committee,
after a great deal of deliberation and examination,
decided to report this amendment appiopriatmg
$o0,000. I shall vote for it. At the same time,
however, I shall have to vote against the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois. I think
we had better appropriate the ^50,000 contained
in the original amendment, and let the question
in regaid to the other roads stand until another
year. If we commence to amend the amendment
from the committee, there may be seveial other
propositions offered. Standing alone by them-
selves, they have claims-, but I think this is one
that has superior claims upon the attention of the
Senate. 1 hope that the amendment moved by
the Senator from Illinois will not be adopted, but
that we shall agtee to this small appropi lation of
■>j;},000, and make this piogiess during the pres-
ent year. That is my feeling. I think there is
nothing sectional in it. In fact, Mr President, I
know that m the Committee on Military Affairs
the idea of sectionalism did not enter into the ex-
amination of this or any otmrofthe routes.
Mr. GWIN. I horiu the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will reconsider his deteimunition to vote
against the ami ndmont to the amendment. If
these appropriations bo made, ho will find that
theie will soon be established a four-horse coach
mail, and it will be one of the greatest induce-
ments for emigrants to s« tile along the route and
use this road and make it a great hieh way. Noth-
ing can contribute so much to it All that is want-
ing to make it one of the great emigidnt routes
between the Atlantic and Pacnic is this appro-
priation. I do hope, as it is only the amount
appropnated for the El Pa^o road last year, and
fri(KMHH) less than was appropriated for the north-
ern route by Salt Lake, that there will be no oppo-
sition to the appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I should be
very glad if the Senator from Illinois would let
his proposition stand on its own merits, and not
oiler it as an amend men i to the amend ment of the
committ'-e. I think it would he inoit appropiicite.
1 i. ally hope that lie will not embarrass the ori-
ginal pioposmon with an anontiimnt.
Air. DOUGLAS. I will allow the vote to b^
token on the amendment oiT>ned by the Senator
from Mississippi first, and 1 shall then renew my
ptopoMtion, and allow it to stand upon its own
looting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. That is all I
ask
Air. BCODEPJCK. It appears to me that the
vote can as well be taken at the same time on all.
i think the la-it proposition is more important than
the fi. st. I knew notiwng of the amendment in-
troduced by the Senator ftom Illinois until y*s-
teid-iy. If I had known of it earlier, I Would
hu\ e Liken the trouble of >eeingSenators, and tt y-
mg to induce them to vote lor it. I consider tt
-very important to my State, because I Uein ve u
to be t'*e best route to California. If the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Mississippi
passes, 1 hope this will pa^selso.
Mi DOUGLAS. 1 desir.- to explain to the
Senator fiom Cab'ornta that i only withdrew it
foi a moment to allow th .• vot > to b'. token mi the
amendment of the committee, and th-m to follow
it with the offering of my propu; iu<>n.
Mr. ERODERirh. Then I have no objection.
Air. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps I was mi-appre-
hended by the honorable Senator from Arkansas.
