1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
The SPEAKER. The House will preserve
order. The Chair will try to give each member
on the floor his rights. The gentleman from In-
diana has a right to rise in his place and call any
gentleman to order, and he has a right to have
his call to order respectfully and properly con-
sidered by the Chair. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Michigan was in order
in the remarks he was then making, and there-
fore overrules the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will not be interrupting the gentle-
man from Michigan with these questions of order.
Mr. HOWARD. If I am correct in that im-
pression—and I think I am—the Administration
side of the House has been in labor on this sub-
ject. I think they have had an opportunity of
examining this proposition; while we have had
no such chance. Perhaps I am the only man upon
this side of the House who has seen it. May I
not, thsn, appeal to gentlemen upon both sides
of this House, standing here as we do willing
to take this vote without any motion for delay,
without any fiilibustering or any debate—may I
not, I say, appeal to their sense of fairness to
print this proposition and lay it on our tables, that
we may examine it at our leisure, and meet our
responsibilities to our constituents like men ?
As I have already said, I have no partiality for
Thursday as the day on which the vote shall be
takdn. Possibly, it could be done on Monday.
But I will leave the motion standing (as I accepted
the'amendment) without alteration.
I ask, Mr. Speaker, whether, at any time, it
will be my right to discuss the merits of this prop-
osition before the vote is taken? Will I have that
opportunity as a matter of right, or is it to be a
matter of courtesy ? I am not permitted now
to go into the merits of the question; but I ask
whether, under the parliamentary rule, it is my j
right to speak on the merits of the bill at any '
time ?
The SPEAKER. It is the gentleman's right
to speak at any time if he gets the floor, and the
pending proposition is a debatable one.
Mr. HOWARD. That would be my right as
a member of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
as a member of the committee, which any other
member does not possess, except as a matter of
courtesy. Usually the floor is assigned, under
the practice of the House, as the Chair under-
stands it, in controverted matters, first to the
members of the committee who have had charge
of the subject, and then to other members upon
the floor of the House. That is the usual cour-
tesy observed by the Chair, but it is not a matter
of right.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish so to arrange this
matter that the understanding of my colleagues
may be completely carried out. When I arose
for the purpose of moving tins postponement, I
undertook to say that, at some time, I desired to
speak to the merits of the matter five or ten min-
utes. My remark was misapprehended. Objec-
tion was made; and finally my colleague on the
committee made the original motion to postpone
until to-morrow. If I could have tins right or
coui tesy extended to me,l would avail myself of ,
it hereafter. I do not propose to proceed now,
as, perhaps,itwould be disagreeable tothe House.
If I may have that right or courtesy extended to
me at some other time to speak to the merits of
the bill, [ will not trespass upon the time of the.
House, whenever I do it, to exceed ten minutes.
[Cries of " Go on now!"]
Mr. HOWARD. Shall I speak now by the
unanimous consent of the House, or shall I speak
at some other time? !
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman will j
be allowed to go on now. <
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I waive all j
objection to the gentleman's speech. I
Mr. ENGLISH. I have not the slightest eb- !
jection. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich- I
igan asks the unanimous consent of the House to I
be allowed ten minutes to discuss the merits of :
the pending proposition. j
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I hope the time !
will not be limited, and that the gentleman will !
have an hour if he desires it. i
Mr. CLEMENS. Nobody objects. !
The SPEAKER. It is suggested by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that the limit of ten minutes
be withdrawn, and that the gentleman be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to say
a word upon that matter. I have no objection at
all to the proposition, if an opportunity to reply
to whatever remarks the gentleman may make be
given; but I think that the bill had better be
printed, so that all of us may see it before any com-
ment is made upon it. I think that is the fairest
way; and the gentleman (so far as I am con-
cerned) shall have an opportunity to speak at the
right time.
Mr. HOWARD. Well,then,I consentto that,
and I hone the vote will be taken.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I wish
to say a word upon the question of postponement.
I think this House will bear me witness that from
the beginning of the session I have acted upon
this question fairly.
Several Members, (on the Republican side of
the House.) Yes! yes!
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to say to my col-
league that I did not yield the door, but I will, in
order that he may proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the im-
pression that the gentleman from Michigan had
yielded the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I am perfectly willing to ask
this courtesy at some other time, and to let the
vote be taken now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to speak
upon the pending question to postpone, and not
upon the merits of the principal question. I was
remarking that the House will bear me witness
that I have acted upon this Kansas question with
entire fairness. 1 have asked no vote without due
notice, and I wish to pursue that course to the end.
My judgment was, thata postponement until to-
morrow would afford ample time for every gen-
tleman upon the floor to form lus opinion on the
merits of this bill.
In reply to what my colleague upon the commit-
tee said—that this question has just been sprung
upon the House, and that no one had had an op-
portunity to see the bill—why, sir, another bill,
the proposition proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,] the one which
this House passed, was sprung upon the House
instantaneously, and no one upon this side of the
House had seen or read it. And yet we did not
complain.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state, that not one
thing has occurred between me and either of my
colleagues on the committee that I have the least
reason in the world to complain of. The under-
standing with them was perfect, thatl should have
an opportunity to move to postpone.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly: and
my colleague recollects very well that I stated that
the report had better be printed before making any
comments. Now, then, I think this day week is
too long a time to postpone it to. I think to-mor-
row is long enough; but I am willing that this
proposition may be read and studied by every
gentleman that has to vote upon it, and that it be
postponed until Monday, at one o'clock.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw my motion, and
accept that of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stm'iikns ]
Mr. HILL. I move to amend that proposition
so as to postpone until the second AlontJay in May.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust that mo-
tion will no voted down.
Mr. HILL. I make the motion to accommo-
date others as well as myself, who will be neces-
sarily absent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This question has been
discussed lor months upon the message of the
President of the United States. Various prop-
ositions have been made; and now, at this cul-
liiinatmg period of the contest, a new programme
has been presented from the other side of the
House, which v/e have not had an opportunity of
reading or examining. I think that the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] to
postpone till the second Monday in May, is a very
judicious one; ana, without going into sn argu-
manf about the matter, I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The effect of sustaining the
previous question would be to cut off the motion
to postpone.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw the pre-
vious question, and hope the vote will be taken.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
was on the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Hill] to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject until the second Monday
in May.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews,Bennett, Billingliuist,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Booham, Brayton, Buflhiton, Bur-
lmgam^, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezia Clark, [Ioiace F. Claik,dawson, Clark B.Cocliiane,
Colfax, Comma, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Damrell,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edio, Farnsworth, Fcnton, Fostei, Giddimrs, Gilman,
Gooeli, Ouodwm, Grange!, Grow, Robert B. Hall, I-Jailan,
J. Monnon flatus, Thonius L. Harris, Ilaskin, Hill, Hoard,
Howard, KelJosg, Kelsev, Kilgore, Knapp, Lawrence,
Leach,Leiter, Lovejoy, lllimphiey Marshall, IVIontgomery,
Moigrm,Morrill, Edward Joy Mon'w, Isaac N. Morns, Fiee-
nian II. Moise, Oliver A. Mono, Moft, Mmiay, Nichols,
Olm, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvi-
ance, Quitman, Ilicaud, Ritchie, Robbing, iloberts, Itoyce,
Anion Shaw, John Shennan, JwUon W. Sheiman, Shoiter,
Spinner, Stall worth, Stanton,Tappan, Thayei, Thompson,
Tompkins, Tuppo, Undei wood, Wade, Walhndge, Wal-
dion, Waiton. Eihhu B. Wasiibuinc, I&iael Washbuin,
Wilson, and Wood—108.
NAY'S—Messrs. Adiam, AM, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Baiksdaie, Bishop. Bocock, Bowie, Boyce3 Branch, Bryan,
Burnett, Burns, Caskic, John B. Chuk, Clay, Clemens,
Climjnnn, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockcull, Coming, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,CunV, Davidson, Dewart,
Dowdell, Ldmundbon, JElhoU, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Foley, Gaitrell, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Ilall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, UuyJer. Jackson, Jenkins, Jcwctt.Geoiaje
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone^, Owen Jones, Keitt, Koliv. Lan-
dy, I.enly, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Mason, Maynasd, ^
Miles, Miller,Million, Moore, Niblnek, Pendleton,Peyton, *
Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Rnffin, Russell,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Sealing, Seward, Homy
M. Shaw, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stephens Stevenson, James A. Stew rut, Talbot,
GeoigeTaylor, Waid, Wairen, Watkms, White. Whiteley,
Winslow, Woodson, Wottenriykc, Augustus R. Wnght,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcofier—105.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. BOCOCK stated that Mr. Garnett had
paired off with Mr. Hickman upon all questions
relating to Kansas.
Mr. GILLIS stated that he had paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Stewart, or lie should have
voted in the negative.
Mr. KTTNKEL, of Maryland, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Horton until the 30th
instant. lie should otherwise have voted in the
negative.
Mr. HOWARD stated that he had been re-
quested to say that Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylva-
nia, had paired off with Mr. Gillis.
Mr. PURVIANCE stated that Mr. Ivukkel,
of Pennsylvania, had paired off with Mr. Tay-
lor, of Louisiana.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, stated that if he
had not paired off he should have voted in the
negative.
Sir. LETCHER stated that Mr. Powell had
been called home on business, and had paired off
with Mr. Marshall, of Illinois.
Mr. EARKSDALE stated that Mr. Lamar
was still confined to his room by indisposition,
and had paired off with Mr. Smith, of Illinois.
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik, stated that he had
voted in the negative because he was as ready to
vote upon this proposition now as he should be at
the time to which it was proposed to postpone the
subject; but that lie would change his vote and
vote " ay," to meet the wishes of those in whose
views in relation to tins question he sympathized.
Mr. LAWRENCE changed his vote for the
same reason.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded, the question recurred on agree-
ing to the proposition to postpone as amended.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois moved to reconsider
the vote by which Mr. Hill's amendment was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider npon the table.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (at fifteen min-
utes after two o'clock, p. m.,) moved that the
ilonse adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the yeas
and nays.
