1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
vm
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 100, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, liarks-
dale, Bishop, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett,
Burns, Caskie, John B. Ciaik, Clay, Clemens, Ohngiuan,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Coming, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Crawfoid, Curry, Davidson, Dcivait, Dow-
dell, Edinundson. Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Flor-
- ■ ~ ~ • " - ' " ■ ~~ Gioes-
\V. Jones, J. Gianey Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly.
Landy, Leidy, Letcher. Maclav, McQueen,Miles, Miller,
Millson, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Plitl-
ltps, Reagan, ileilly, Ituffin, Bussell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Sealing, Sewaid. Hcmy M. Shaw, Sickles,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stevenson, .lame-: A. Stewart, Talbot, Geoige Taylor,
Ward, Waricn, Wntkins, White, Whiteley, Winslow,
Woodson, Wortendvkc, Augustus It. Wiiglit, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, Andiews, Bennett, Bil-
Iinghurvt, Bingham, Bjan, Bliss, Bonham, BYavton, iliyan,
ButKnton, Buiiingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Ghat-
fee, Chapman, Ezra Claik, Horace 1'. Claik, C'lavvson,
Ciaik B. Cochrane, Colfax, Coniins, Covode, Cos, Cragin,
Curtis, Datnrcll,Davis of Mai viand, Davis of Indiana, Da-
vis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd,Durfee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fenton, Fostei,Guldings,
Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Mornson Harus, Thomas L. Harris, na:-k:n,
IJill, IJoatd, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsev, ICilgore, Ivnapp,
Jjawrence, Leach, Leiter. Lovcjoy, Ilumplney Marshall,
Maynaid, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris. Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Moise, Oliver A. Morse,
ISIott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, 1'ettit, Pike,
Pottei, Pottle, Purviance,Quitman, Ready, Ilicaud,Patehie,
Itobbins, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, Jolm Shciman,
Judhon W. Sherman, Shorter, Spinner, Stalhvoith, Stan-
ton, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, tln-
(["i v.'ocwL Wade, \Valbiulge; Waldion, Walton, Elliliu B.
Washbmne, Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—112.
So the House refused to adjourn.
. Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to-call tho pre-
vious question on the nending proposition?
The SPEAKER.. It will be in order when the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] is disposed of. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The House has already
postponed the consideration of the mam question
to a certain (lay.
The SPEAKER. The question will recur upon
agreeing to the proposition as amended.
"Mr. HUGHES. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion until the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois is disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. T would like to in-
quire of the Chair whether the Chair decidcs that
the motion to postpone until the second Monday
in May having been adopted by the House, the
question must still be subject to another vote?
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] was moved and
received by the Chair as an amendment to the
original motion to postpone.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I supposed that
they were distinct propositions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
it was an amendment, and the Chair so received
it. The question will rccur upon the proposition
as amended; but the pending motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois must first be disposed of.
Mr. TR1PPE. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the motion to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table. I will renew it.
Mr. 1IAR.RSS, of Illinois. I will do so.
Air. TR1PPE. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to assign,
in a few words, the reasons that induced me to
give Lhe vote that I did, and which will cause me
to adhere to that vote, unless more light shall be
shed upon the subject. I should have preferred
some earlier day than the second Monday in May,
which is the 10th, although I do think that to-
morrow at one o'clock would have been too early
an hour to decide this great question, with the
• new phase it is now made to present. 1 should
have preferred, for instance, next Monday. But,
sir, a friend from my own State, whose vote I de-
sire shall be given upon this question, announced
that he would necessarily have to be absent. He
first moved to postpone the subject until Thurs-
day week; and I should have preferred that day
to the one voted on; but I undersland that other
gentlemen from my own section .personal but not
political friends, who desire to vote upon this ques-
tion, will be absent on that day; and hence, I feel
it to be my duty to vote for the postponement
until the second Monday in May, and I shall be
compelled to adhere to that vote, unless further
facts are developed to justify the selection of an-
other day. These are the particular reasons which
influenced me in fixing on this day. I can see no
controlling reason for not postponing the consid-
eration of this report until that day. I cannot see
why any damage should result from the postpone-
ment, unless members arc afraid of themselves.
If gentlemen are satisfied with their own judg-
ments, and will follow the dictates of their own
consciences, then no damage can ensue either to
them, the measure, or to the country.
I have no idea that there will be any prolonged
debate upon the question in this House. If there
will be a majority in favor of the new bill it will
be in their power to call the previous question
upon it whenever it comes up. There may be two
or three days' debate, but it need not stand one
moment longer in the way of the other business
of the House by fixing the 10th of May, than if
you were to select any other day. One, two, or
three days' discussion from the 10 th of May will
not arrest business more than the same number
of days at any other time. It will be precisely
the same thing. I do not intend that my vote
upon this postponement shall be taken as an
indication of what my vote will be upon the. bill
itself. There are some features of the bill which
did not strike my mind very favorably as I heard
it read, and yet due consideration might either
remove them, or so weaken them as not to be
fatal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot go
into the merits of the bill.
Mr. TRIPPE. I am not going to touch the
merits. 1 say that there are some features, which,
upon the reading did not strike mo as altogether
free from objection. I would like to have had an
Opportunity to examine the bill. I have sought
pretty earnestly for the last twenty-four hours to
ascertain what the provisions ofthe bill would be,
but I was not able, nor do I now by any means
fully understand some of them. But upon its face,
as now imperfectly informed, it strikes my mind
that there is something in it that read like taking
the back track, upon the great question of going
back to Kansas and taking a new vote. It cer-
tainly does, if 1 am not greatly mistaken, in its
practical operation, make the whole question of
admission depend upon another 'decision by the
people of Kansas.
I repeal that I am opposed to a prolonged dis-
cussion u-pon this report, nor do I suppose any
one desires it. The House will not permit it, and
the country will not permit it. If it is postponed
until the 10th of May, the Senate will have acted
upon it by that time". If it is adopted then by the
House, it will be of as much value as if adopted
now, and no harm can possibly ensue. There is
a new phase presented in this bill of the whole
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
is discussing the merits of the bill.
Mr. TRIPPE. I am not going to discuss the
merits of the bill, for 1 do not know enough about
it to discuss it. I desire to make this further re-
mark: it was remarked by some gentleman, I do
not know now who, that he gave his vote on this
question from sympathy with those who agreed
with him. Well, sir, I gave my vote out of sym-
pathy with nobody, with no party, but upon my
own individual responsibility, and for the reasons
stated. I know the custom which has grown up
here, of judging ofthe opinions of men upon the
merits of a proposition by every vote they may
give upon every collateral question. I beg here
to enter my protest against being judged, as to
what my position is or may be upon the merits
of this or any question, by my vote upon any and
every collateral question that may arise—such as
this of fixing a time to decide it. And more espe-
cially do I thus protest when a measure of this
magnitude is thus suddenly presented.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The honorable
gentleman from Georgia misunderstands me if he
referred to me. I stated that I voted upon the
question of postponement to meet the views of
those with whom I sympathized upon the main
question, and I changed my vote lest I might be
understood by somebody as having changed in
my position upon this question.
Mr. TRIPPE. 1 did not intend to make a point
upon the gentleman from New York, because I
recognize the right of every man to assign his rea-
sons for the votes he may give; but' I was enter-
ing my objection against the vote of.® gentksmaa
upon every collateral question being made.a stand-
ard whereby he is to be located as to his&aal pa-
tios upon the measure. I have seen, from- woks.-'
to time, a sort of compulsory process of vhwisio^.
thrown around members upon motions to ad-
journ, to postpone, &c. They liavebeeu threat--
ened with being tabooed, with being called So ac-
count hereafter, and with the thunders of-.party.
I simply desired, Mr. Speaker, in this coiinectieju
to enter my protcstagajnst such sufveillance and
such exactions; and now, in pursuance of ray
promise, I move to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Georgia to withdraw that motion. I will
renew it.
Mr. TRIPPE. The gentleman from Kentucky
understands my position towards the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] If he consents, I'
have no objection to withdrawing it.
Mr. BURNETT. I then appeal to thegentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
from Kentucky promises to renew it, I have no
objection.
Mr. RURNETT. I will renew it. I was struck,
Mr. Speaker, with the remarks which were made
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Tiuppe,]
and I want to see whether I understand his posi-
tion. lie says he would prefer, individually, that
the vote should be taken on Monday next.
Mr. TRIPPE. I said I should prefer an earlier
day than that proposed by my colleague, [Mr.
Hill,] but that I was willing to postpone it until
that day, for the reasons assigned.
.. Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman says that he
does not vote upon the merits of the question on
the motion to postpone, and refers to the fact that
the opinions of his constituents are held in teno-
rem over him—that gentlemen are to be tabooed,
and all that sort of thing. If anything of that
kind has been done, I know not from what source
it has emanated. I take it for granted that every
gentleman here votes upon his own individual
judgment, and upon his convictions of public
duty, without reference to what the opinions of
others may be upon any subject.
Mr. TRIPPE. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him, for certainly he is laboring under
, a mistake. The remark to which the gentleman
! alludes was in connection with entering my pro-
test against a practice which I said prevailed. I
may have used the word " threatened"—I will
witlidrawit. I said that men who were the friends
of a measure were classed with its enemies if they
wei e not found voting in a particular manner upon
collateral questions of adjournment, postpone-
ment, &c. I did not refer to the fact that any
gentleman was acting under a pressure of that
kind, but to the fact that that construction would •
be given to his action.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood the gentleman
from Georgia to say that he voted for postponing
until the second Monday in May, because there
were certain gentlemen who could not be her-e to
vote if the question was taken at an earlier day.
Yet, sir, ho denounced those who desired to vote
upon this measure on the day which the gentle-
man said he would himself prefer, that is Monday
next.
Mr. TRIPPE. The gentleman certainly mis-
understaands me. I certainly did not denounce or
condemn any gentleman.
Mr. CUPJriS. I submit that this discussion
is irrelevant to the motion before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I object to its going any
further.
Mr. BURNETT. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Georgia were held to be in order when
he gave his reasons for the postponement, and I
think now that I am not out of order in comment-
ing on them.
The SPEAKER. Whenever the question lias
been raised the Chair has decided that remarks
outside the merits of the motion to postpqne were
not in order.
