684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Teet one statement of his. He yesterday told the
House that this bill failed at the last Congress for
■want of time. Now, 1 would be glad for him to
explain to the House that he, as chairman of the
Committee on Commerce in the last Congress,
postponed this bill to a day certain, for eight or
ten times, commencing in April, 1856, and from
time to time postponing it, until finally it was
postponed until the 3d of March, one day before
the final adjournment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will an-
swer the gentleman from Tennessee. I think there
Were.only two postponements of this bill in.the
last session, and they were made at the earnest
request of members—I think the gentleman from
Tennessee among them—who wantedfurthertime
to examine the bill. The day to which it was post-
poned the last time was a dies non; there was no
session on that day, and the Speaker ruled that
the bill went to the Speaker's table. I made re-
peated attempts to get it up afterwards but failed.
Mr. ZOLLICOPFER. The gentleman from
Illinois says the bill was postponed but twice.
Now, sir, I have a memorandum in my hand taken
from the record, in which the dates are given to
whieh it was postponed eight different times.
First, the bill was postponed on the 22d of April,
then on the 1st of May, then on the 5th of May,
again on the 6th of May, then on the 8th of May,
then on the 10th of June, again on the 15th of
August, and finally on the 10th of December..
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. The bill was
postponed, then, oftener than I had any recollec-
tion of. These postponements are, however, only
another argument against the postponement now
asked for.
Mr. ZOLLICOPFER. I desire to call the at
tention of the House to the fact, that some of the
material changes made by this bill are to increase
the salaries of the supervising and local inspectors,
the effect of which wilt be unnecessarily to bur-
den the commerce of the country; to increase the
salary of the supervising inspectors from $1,500
to $3,000, and to $3,000, and to establish an inspect-
orship at Galena, Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
yield the floor for the gentleman to make a long
speech.
Mr. ZOLLICOPFER. One other word, and
then the gentleman can give me the benefit of an
explanation.
Mr. Speaker, I observed, during the last Con-
fress, some evidences of an understanding—and
confess I felt that there was a combination—
between the supervising inspectors and the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Perhaps that word "com-
bination" is too strong; but I noticed that when-
ever this bill came up, these supervising inspect-
ors were here, or some of them, looking to the
interests to be subserved by it. Now, what are
those interests, as indicated by leading features
of this bill? Let me here remark, that the only
effect of the chunge proposed, as to fusible alloy,
is to give these supervising inspectors a dangerous
discretionary power. This bill does not provide
that the tin plugs shall be substituted for the fusible
alloy, but that it may be substituted. If there is
one body of men who are selling fusible alloy,
and another who are selling tin plugs, it gives to
these supervising inspectors the sole power to
determine whether they will purchase-the one or
the other for all the boats.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will answer
that question o<"my friend from Tennessee. One
of the points he makes is in regard to the super-
vising inspectors being about here during the time
the steamboat bill was under consideration last
Congress. This is true. They came here at the
request of the Committee on Commerce of this
House and the Committee on Commerce of the
Senate, in order to give us the information upon
this subject which they, from their experience and
knowledge, are so well calculated to furnish. One
of the men who came here and who gave the com-
mittee his suggestions—and very wise sugges-
tions they were—was the constituentof my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Humphrey Marshall,]
Captain Shallcross, of Louisville, a mail, who as
1 stated yesterday, had been upon the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, running a steamboat for thirty-
five years, and during all that time had never cost
an insurance company a dollar, or lost the life of
a single passenger. Such men, we thought, were j
able to give us information upon which we could I
report to the House with the full belief that It
would be satisfactory.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Allow me to say asingle
word in conclusion. I ask the House to take care
to ascertain whether the only material changes in
this bill are not, first, to give to the board of su-
pervising inspectors a dangerous power, a power
that no body of men should be intrusted with
unless, like Cossar's wife, above suspicion; next,
to increase the salaries of local -and supervising
inspectors; and next, to establish an inspector-
ship at the town of Galena, where the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce of the last Congress
resides. I ask, why is this necessary ?
We only ask, Mr. Speaker, that the House
will not pass this bill without deliberation and re-
flection, but will give us time to put proper ques-
tions to the committee, that they may be answered
before we shall pass upon a complicated and im-
portant measure like this.
Mr. CURTIS. When I asked the gentleman
from Illinois a question in reference to the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river, he only replied to
me that he knew more about the Mississippi river
than I did; but this answer did not satisfy me.
He has said a good deal about witnesses and tes-
timony. I do not care to put him upon the stand;
I only wish to obtain information, that I may vote
understandingly on this question. Now, what is
the use of compelling every ferry-boat running
across the Illinois, the Mississippi, the Missouri,
or the Arkansas rivers, to have licensed pilots
and engineers? What is the necessity for this
upon boats which only run across rivers ? I will
ask him, too, whether these licensed pilots have
not monopolized the business until they have act-
ually stopped the commerce of the great trunks of
the lower Mississippi ? In some instances they
have charged as high as one thousand dollars a
month under the license provisions of these steam-
boat bills, which it is now proposed to extend.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will answer
the gentleman from Iowa on the last point first.
If he had listened to my remarks yesterday morn-
ing, he would have seen that in the bill I have
proposed as a substitute, the very evil of which
he complains is remedied. We make it a crim-
inal offense for these pilots to combine in that
way; and when they do thus combine, under this
bill, they render themselves liable to punishment.
If the gentleman asks how this law applies to the
lower Mississippi, I will tell him that, as it is a
general law, it applies everywhere in this coun-
try, to the lower Mississippi as well as to the
upper Mississippi, to Keokuk as well as to Ga-
lena.
Mr. CURTIS. Now, as to freight-boats: Why
should they carry as many life-boats and life-pre-
servers as passenger-boats on the lower Missis-
sippi ? because, in one sense, they are all passen-
ger-boats.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No such
thing. It has nothing to do with freight-boats.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask whether freight-boats
on the lower Mississippi are not also passenger-
boats ?
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Itwasdeemed
by the committee a very important matter that
these freight-boats should be brought within the
law, in order to guard against the explosion of
boilers, and that they should be obliged to have
their boilers examined. Now, ill regard to ferry-
boats, I do not know of any class of boats where
there is more necessity for inspection. They are
crossing our rivers crowded, loaded down with
passengers. I will call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Iowa to that terrible accident on the
Delaware river which occurred only a year ago.
I allude to the burning of the ferry-boat, while
crossing from Camden to Philadelphia, by which
over fifty lives were lost. The boilers of that boat
had not been inspected. I have said all I want
to say.
The question now being on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yr.as and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Barksdale, Bishop,
Blair, Bocock, Boyce, Brayton, Bryan, Burns, Horace F.
Claik, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Ciingman, Cobb,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis,
0avis of Indiana, Davis of Miss>uss.ip[n, Dimraick, Dowdety,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Fioienee, Foley,
Gartreil, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Gioesbeek,
Lawrence W. Hall, Haskin, Hatch, Hill., Hoard, Hopkins,
Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Juwnt, Georyc YV.
Jones, Kelly, Lamar, Lawrence, Leiter, Maclay, McKib-
bin, Mc&ueen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard,
Miles. MiUer.Millson, Montgomery,Moore, Morgan, Free-
man H. Morse, Mott, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Parker,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Powell, Quit-
man, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaiul, Ratlin, Russell, Saa-
didge, Savage, Scales, Searing, Seward? Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Stephenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor,
Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Walton, Watkw®, White,
Whiteiey, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus Rr
Wright, John V. Wnght, and Zoliicoffer—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Avery, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Butfinton, Burlingame, Campbell,
Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
John Cochiatie, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Corning, Co-
vode, Cox, Cragin, Damrell, Davidson, Davi3 of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Eustis, Farnsworth, Foster, Giddmgs, Gilman, Gooch,
Goodwin, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hawkins, Hickman,
Howard, KeMogg, Keisey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kun-
kel, Landy, Leach, Lovejoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Morrill,
Edvvaid Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A. Morse,
Pettit, Potter, Purviance, Ritchie, Kobbins, Roberts. Royce,
Scott, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Jud-ou Sherman,
William Stewait, Tappan, Thayer, Underwood, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, J31lihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wilson—79.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Letcher was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion—not anything serious, but he was unable to
be in the House to-day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, when his name was
called, said: I desire to ask a question, the answer
to which will govern my vote. If the House
refuse to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, will it not after-
wards be in order to recommit it to the Commit-
tee on Commerce ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded, and the main question ordered.
If the motion to refer fails, the previous question
does not exhaust itself until the bill has been en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Will it be in order to
recommit the bill after the previous question is
exhausted ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I vote <( no."
The result of the vote having been announced,
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider it; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. STANTON. I am sorry to be under the
necessity of again troubling the House with a
question of privilege from the select committee
of which I am chairman; but we find it difficult
to make any progress, and I am instructed by
the committee to make a special report. I asi
that it be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The select committee appointed to investigate the charges
against the members and officers of last Congress, growing
out of the dfebuisement of any sum of money by Lawrence,
Stone & Co., or other persons, now report:
That on the 8th day of February, A. D. 1858, John W. Wol-
cott, of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts, was called
and sworn as a witness, and was examined by said com-
mittee, and, amongst other matters not material to the mat-
ter which the committee now desire to bring to the atten-
tion of the House, testified as follows :
" Question. Had you any funds placed m your hands, be-
longing to any of the manufacturers in Massachusetts, for
the puipo&e of influencing members of Congress upon the
passage of thp tariff act ?
" Answer. I had not.
" Question. Were you ever authorized by any of them to
make any promises of future benefits, in the event of the
passage of that act ?
" Answer. I was not.
" Question. Did you, after the close of the last session of
Congress, receive from the manufacturer, either in Boston
or elsewhere, any funds, money, negotiable securities, or
anything of that sort, to be used m that way ?
l( Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Did you, at any time during the months of
March or April, 1857, receive from Mr. Stone any negotiable
securities, or money, or credits of any kind ?
"Answer. Never. Never for any such purpose as that,
either directly or indirectly.
u Question. Did you receive at any time in the early part
of Match a considerable sum of securities for any f&irpose ?
"Answer. Never for any purpose connected with the
tan IT, either to be paid to members of Congress, for the pur-
pose of influencing their action, or to be paid to their agents.
" Question. Nor for their benefit ?
