1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. BURNETT. I will endeavor to Iceep
■within the rules of the House.
The reason stated by the gentleman from Geor-
gia for his vote to postpone, was in order that
there might be discussion of the bill. But the g&n-
-tleman well understands that under parliamentary
law and the rules of this House, if this be post-
poned, and if the House go into the Committee of
the Whole on the atate of the Union on a special
order, there will be no chancc to discuss this ques-
tion. And when this question comes up oil the
day fixed for final action, I ask him whether he is
still willing to leave this question open for discus-
sion? Will he agree to that when we know that it
has been discussed here, to the exclusion almost
of every other question, for more than four months?
One hundred and twenty speeches have been made
on the subject already. It has occupied the at-
tention of this House and the country to the ex-
clusion of every other question.
Mr. CURTIS. I demand that my question of
order shall be decided, and the decision enforced.
This discussion ought not to go on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is in
order for the gentleman from Kentucky to assign
reasons, which ho is now doing, why the motion
to postpone, Which has been earned, should be
reconsidered.
Mr. TIUPPE. The gentleman from Kentucky
has stated that I said that I desired to have a dis-
cussion of this question. I said that I thought
two or three days might be devoted to a consid-
eration of this new bill, and devoted, probably,
with profit to the House and the country. The
gentleman remarked, too, that this matter had
been under discussion for a long time. 1 will ask
him whether, until the last two or three days, he,
or any member, ever heard of the proposition to
submit this land question to the people of Kansas ?
Mr. BURNETT. The whole subject of Kan-
sas, in every phase in which it could be presented
to tile consideration of the House, has open dis-
cussed ever since the commencement of this Con-
gress. Now, gentlemen may vote from such
motive—the want of time for examination and
discussion of the question—while the great body
of those who are voting for this postponement,
vote with the express purpose of defeating any
settlement of this question, and leaving u open.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order, as he is now wandering from
the merits of the question of postponement.
Mr. BURNETT. I voted to postpone this
question until Monday. Wo are here, the Rep-
resentatives of intelligent constituencies; and I
appeal to gentlemen from the North, as well as
from the South, whether they are not prepared
to make up an intelligent judgment on this ques-
tion by Monday next at one o'clock? Do gen-
tlemen desire to feel the public pulse at home ? Is
it that they want this postponement until they
hear how their constituents are? If so, then we
had better postpone it until we can all again go
before the people, and return here with new cer-
tificates at their hands. But, if we intend to get
rid of this question; if we intend to restore peace
and quiet not only to Kansas, but to the entire
Union, then, sir 
Mr. GILMAN. Is the gentleman discussing
the question before the House?
Mr. BURNETT. I am.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is observing the
gentleman very closely, and will call him to otder
when he leaves the proper line of debate. Occa-
sionally it is difficult for the Chair to determine
whether the gentleman is exactly in or out of order.
The Chair will consider the point of oi dor raised
by the gentleman from Maine a3 a standing one.
Mr. BURNETT. This bill, I understand, is
in the process of being printed. The gentleman
from Indiana announced that it would be printed
and laid upon the desks of members before the ad-
journment. We will have it before us to-night for
examination; and I appeal to gentlemen whether,
upon this simple proposition of a submission of
an ordinance, we will not be ready to make up
our minds by Monday? Three days are given
us from now to examine and consider the propo-
sition. There is not a member who would not be
as much prepared on Monday, if he will read and
investigate the question, as he would be in twelve
mouths from this time. This is all I have to say.
It is a fair proposition for all men who desire to
act fairly on the question, and see this Kansas
question disposed of. In compliance with my
promise to the gentleman from Illinois, I renew
the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HILL, I wish to say a word in justifica-
tion of myself. Had it not been for the partic-
ular reasons I have stated, and which are personal
to myself, I would not have suggested the post-
ponement that I did.
Mr. GARTRELL. I dislike very much to in-
terrupt my colleague, or to deprive either of my
colleagues of explaining thus early to their con-
stituents their votes on this bill; but I will ask the
Chair what is the motion pending, and to state
whether that motion is debatable ? I
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is, that [
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, j
and that motion is not debatable. i
Mr. GARTRELL. If it is in order for my col- i
leagues to assign reasons for having voted as they !
have done, then I will ask the piivilegc to assign [
myreasonswhyneitherofmycolleagucs[Messrs. :
Tf.ippe and Hill] arc justifiable in their votes. !
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and de- j
bate is not in order. |
HILL. I beg the indulgence of the House |
to say one word. j
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and de- J
bate is not in order, unless by unanimous consent, j
Mr. PHILLIPS (at three o'clock, p. m.) moved
that the House adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas IG3, nays 108; as follows:
YE-\S—Mcsis. Ahl, Andoison, Atkins, Aveiy, Barks-
dale, Bt->hop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bi.uich, Burnett,
Biii tis, C.wkie, Juhn 15. Clark, (Jlav, Clemen-*, Chapman,
Cobb, Jolm Corhiane, Cockcnll, Coming. James Ctaig,
Burton Ciaige, Ciawloid, Cuny, Davidson, Oewait, Dnvv-
dell, BdmumHon, Elliott, F.mlknoi. Flor-
ence, Foley, Gam ell. (hceim nod, G'ocir, C mi^beek, Lmv-
lence \V. IJ.tll, Uairb. II,iw km •, Hill, Ilopkin-, Houston,
Ifii<.'he.->, H(i)lei. Jaek«n:j, J< nkm^, Jeweir, (rcoi^e W.
Jou<"\ J. («i:mey Jones*, Oucn Jones, ICcitt, Kelly. Landv,
Leidy, JLctchei, Maelav, M< Queen, Ma-ott, Majnaul,
Miles, Millet, AhlKon, Momc, IShblack, I'erulleion, Peyton,
PlicIp->, Phillip^, Ileadv, Ko.iijiUi, Ueiily, Iluliin. ltiH->( 11,
Hindul^e, Ravage, Scale*, Scott. S^anns:, Reward. Henry
M. Shaw, Sickle^, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stephens Steveioon,' James A. Stewatt, Talbot,
Tnppc, Waul, Wairon, Walking, White, Wlntelcy, Wins-
low, Woodson, Wot tendvke, Augu&tus R. Wright, John V.
Wught, and Zollicollet—103
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Adram, Andrews Bennett, Bil-
liiigluirst, Bingham, Blan , Bonhatn, Biaj ton, Brvan,
ftutftnton, Builitmame, Buuoua;hs, Campbell. Case, Chaf-
fee, Chapman, Ezia Ciaik, lloiaee JF. Cl.uk, dawson,
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins Oovodo, Cox, Crasm,
(!!m ft*. Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of i ndiana, Da-
vis of Massachusetts Davit; ot Iowa, Dawes Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Put fee, Eilie, Fatn<worth, Fcmon, Fostei, Guiding-*,
Oilman, Cooeh, Goode, Goodwin, Gianyoi, Giow, Unbeit
B. Hall, Uailan, J. Mom-<on IIarn>, Thomas L. Harris,
Ha^km, llomd, Jlowaul, Kdlogfr, Kel ev, Kilgoio, Knapp,
Lawienee, Beach, Loiter, Lovxiov, Hmnphtey Marshall,
Montgomci v, Motrin, Motiill, 1'dwaid Joy Moms, I>aac
N. Mom-, Ficentan II Morse.Olivet A. Mor*e,.Motf, Mur-
tay, Nichols, Clin, Palmer, Paiker. Pettit3 Pike. Potter.
Pottle, Purviancc, Quitman, Utcaud, Ritchie, Bobbins,
Roberts, Rovee. Aaron Shaw. John She!man, Judson W.
Sherman. Shorter, Spinnei, Stall worth, Stanton, Tappan,
Thayer, Thompson. Tompkins, Undei wood, Wade, Wal-
bndce, Waldmn, Walton. F.lhhu B. Wasbbume, Israel
Washburn, and Wilson—108.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the above call,
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Wood, had paired off with Mr. Tay-
lor, of New York.
The SPEAKER. The yens and nays are
demanded upon the motion to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
when the House adjtfurns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now appeal
to the House before this vote is taken 
Mr. MORGAN. I object to any debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (at three o'clock
and twenty minutes.) I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 98; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Akl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
) Barksdale, Bishop, Bocoek, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,
| Branch, Burnett, Burn", Caskie, Horace F. Ciaik, John B,
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clinjrrnan, Cobb, Jolm Cochins,
Cockerill, Corning, .Tames Cr'aisf, Bmton Ciaige, Ciawiord,
Cuiry, Davidson, Detvait, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elhoit,
EngH&h, Eustis, Florence, Foley, Gaitiell, Gteemvood,
Gregg, Groosbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Iluyler, Jackson, Jcwott, George
W. Jone?, J. Glancy Jone?, Owen Jones', Keitt. Kellv,
Leidy, Letcher, Maclav, McQueen, Mason, Maynanl,
Miles, Miller, Milton, Moore, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps Phillips, Cluitman, Ready, Reagan, Iteiliy, Ruffin,
Russell. Sandidae, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seannsr, Seward,
Henry M. Shaw, Shatter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stephen5!, fUevensorc,
Talbot, Trippe, Ward, Warren, Watkms, White, White-
ley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, JolmV, Wiight,and
Zolhcofl'er--103.
NAYd—Messrs. Abbott, Andrew5?, Bennett, BiHinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bhs>^, Brayton, Buflinton, Biirluiganic,
Campbell, Ca=-e, Chaffee, Ezra Ciaik, Clawson, Ciaik B.
Cochrane, Colfax. Comins, Covode, Cox, Crasnt, Cuiiis,
Dnimell. T)fi\]^ of Maryland, Davi^> of Indiana, Davis of
Mas^achti-aett^; Davi* ot Town, Dawe^, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Dm fee, Kflie, Pamswouh, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gil-
liian, (iooch, Gonde, Goodwin. Granger, Grow, Robert B.
flail, Hat Ian. J. Motnson Hams Thomas L. Harris--, Hns-
kin, Iloaid, Howard, Kell02«, Ivelsev, Kilgore. Knapp,
Lawiencc, Leach, Leiter, Loveioy, Humphiey Marshall,
j\Jo:i!^omciy. Jfoi^an, Mniull, Eihvaul Joy Morri?, I^-aac
N. Morris, Freeman IT. Mnr?e, Oliver A. Moixe, Mntt,
Mun ay, Nichols, Ohn, Paltuei, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Pol tor,
Pottle. Purvianeo, Rilcliic, Llobbm«, Robeits, Royce, Aaron
Shaw. John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, f-'tan-
ton, Tjjpp-ni, Thayer, Tompkins, Undenvood, Wade. Wal-
bndge, Waldion. Walton, Elhliu B. Wasbbume, Israel
Washburn, and Wilson—98.
.Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HUGHES stated that he had paired off
with Mr. BunitouGiJs; that otherwise he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Landy had
been called home in consequence of sickness in
his family, and had paired off with Mr. Ricaud.
Mr. ADRAIN stated that, as the usual time for
adjourning had neaily arrived, lie would vote m
the aflirnutive.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Thompson.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr. Tay-
lor, of New York,had paired oiT with Mr. Wood.
Mr. CLARK, of Now York, said: There is no
use of remaining here longer this evening, and I
vote "ay."
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
forty-five minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jlpril 24, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. S. D. Finckel.
The Journal of yesterday was rc-ad and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GW1Npresented fifty-four petitions signed
by live thousand four hundred and fifty-three cit-
izens of California, and a petition of citizens of
Oregon, praying for the enactment of a law to
provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers onboard of steamers navigating the ocean,
and propelled in whole, or in part, by steam;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Olfice and Post Roads.
Mr. I31GLER presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that an appropria-
tion may be made for carrying the mails between
that city and Southampton, m England, in the
Collins line of steamers; which were leferied to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of R. T.
Walton, and others, heirs-at-law of Jehu Wal-
ton, praying that the assignment of a land war-
rant issued in the name of said Jehu Walton may
be legalized; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented a presentment of the
grand jury of the United States for the northern
district of Florida, relative to increasing the pay
of the judge, jurors, witnesses, and officers of that
court, the irregularities of the mails in Florida,
and the propriety of a change in the mails between
that State and Savannah, Georgia; the granting
of lots in St. Augustine for school purposes, and
the cession to the State of the United States bar-
racks m St. Augustine for a seminary of learning;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
fie also presented a memorial of members of
the bar of the northern district of Florida, pray-
ing that the salary of the judge of that district
maybe increased; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
