1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2796
ation which the Committee on Military Affairs j|
ask, a small one, and I am prepared to vote for it. !;
Mr DOOLITTLE. if 1 had any fear of a war
with England—of which we hear some apprehen- j|
sions expressed in the Senate—I should be ex- !|
ceedmglv anxious that one fortification, at least, •!
.should receive an appropriation, to put it in a :
statu of teadmess against any such apprehended j;
war; and that is the fortification of Port Mack- ![
inaw, which commands Lake Michigan—a sea >'
upon winch floats more commerce than upon any j'
other sea of its size connected with our country, h
or any portion of our country—upon the banks i
of which are exposed the cities of Chicago, Wau- ;i
kegan, ICenosha, Racine, Milwaukee,Sheboygan, !!
Manitoowac; cities utnging from five thousand to
one hundred thousand inhabitants, perfectly ex-  
posed to the open sea, without the slightest pro- :j
tection m thewoild. Yet, Mr. Piesident, I have
so jittle uppiclu'tiMon of any war to ari.se with
Groat Hritam—the only Power which we have ,
any reason to fear, ill any controversy—that I ^
shall, under the oneum.-uances ni which we aie .
placed, and the condition of the Treasury, feel
constrained to vote altogether against tins amend- 1
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs. I ■'
shall vote for that reason; and di em it due, in ex- ;
plummy my vote, to stare this much—that! have
not the slightest apprehension of any war with
Great Biitam. If I had, [ would he m favor of ,
very lar^e appropriations—much larger than are
piopo.sed hy fiic committee.
Mr. FE^SENDKN. Allow mo to ask my
friend a question before he gets through; that is,
if he suppovi-.^, in cose we should have u war with
Great Britain, we would have time enough to build
fortifications hefme the season of hostilities, or
whether we should build fortifications in time of 1
peace 5
Mr. DOQLITTLR. I think before we get into ;
a war with Gieat l>uaiil We shah have ample
time and ample notice.
Mr. FEo-SENDEN. Or in any war? That is
a new* nh a of defending the country. 1
Mr. RLCE. 1 wihh to say but a word on this
question. I see that no appropriations have been
recommended by any committee for the fortifica-
tions in the i^ieat Notthwest. I suppose that our
time has not yet arrived. I have listened to a great
deal that lias been said m regard to the Tmusury,
and I merely wish to say that I do not can;
whether it is full or empty, that the condition of
that institution will notirovein my vofe upon a
single quesuon, excepting io> rai.^m^ tcvniuc. It'
appeal s to me tinsappi wpriation ha.s come thiough
the pioper chanmi, is properly reemmended,
and must be necessary, and for that reason I shall
vote for it. \
Mr. .SEWARD. I am quite surprised and'
grieved almost to hear my honorable fnend Irom
Wisconsin allude, under any circumstances, to
the failure of the committee to pi ovule fortifica-
4 tions for the western part of our northei n frontier.
4 The honorable Senator thinks he may nxer.se
them and excuse himself, f.>i voting for dispesis-
inir witli any fortifications there, upon the<riound
that he db< snot apprehend an immedmte war with
Great Britain. Put there is a further consider-
ation which he maycall into his mind,nnd 1 know
he will agive with me when 1 mention it, nnd that
is, if tin to should be a war w ith Great Ihitam to-
mori ow, t[i it it would be G rcat I >n tai n \\ ho would
find it nt Cessai y to bund fortifications in Upper
Canada, and not Michigan, or Wisconsin, or
Ohio, or Nijw York, that would need to haw any
foiiifications upon their shoie.s. An enemy from
Europe will fnslhaveto pass Ctuebec, and i think
tjj.it if we are }>n pai\ d with this formication well
const! acted, at me outlet of L-ike Champlain, if
lie should possess (Quebec, he will never disturb
the peo.de of Wisconsin
Mr Pieyident, 1 have only one word to say
nv>re m relation to this subject. That 1 sjy rather
because it n a subject wInch interests the State
which I remesent/so deeply. I do not regard
tins as a measure of public defense. I appiehend
Do war. This, like every orhei question, involves
one of economy in tegaid to the permanent and
eon siaur i ovular eul m austral ion of the country, to
engage, 1 think wisely, m p^eparino; fortifications
-which aie useful m ease of war with anv foreign
Po wer. We are induced to do this. We must
either vote small sums, if appropriations are to
continue to preserve these incipient works, or we
must abandon them to ruin and dilapidation alto-
gether. The same consideration, as regards the
improvement of rivers and harbors, made me vote
for those appropriations, notwithstanding any rep-
resentation made in regard to the condition of
the Treasury; and the exigency of the public ser-
vice justifies the vote I shall give for continuing
the appropriations for these works.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 supposed it was not necessary,
and, therefore, sat down without doing what \
will now perform—stating the general principle
on which the various points are connected. Only
those points which commanded commercial cities;
those points which commanded harbors, which j
would be the refuge of commerce in time of war,
and where the fortification had progressed, but j
had not been completed, were selected by the 1
committee. Fort Wood, which was estimated 1
for for repairs, I found, upon investigation, was
for the extension of the battery, it was for an i
external battery, a water battery, which would
tender Port Wood effective, if a fleet should pass
through the Narrows and come into the North
river side of the city of New Yotk. Then we j
would rely upon those guns of Fort Wood to !
render that water untenable by an enemy's fleet. |
►So at Poitland, Maine. The two old foits, ;
Preble and Scammel, command the oidmary en-
trance into Poitland haibor. Tlieie is another 1
cn'tancf called the North Channel, winch is not j
sufficiently commanded by those works. The |
work upon Hog Island Ledge was, therefore, i
commenced with a view to ^ive adequate protec-
tion to the North Island channel to Portland hai- 1
bor, and that is selected as one of the objects of
appropilation, because we believed it to beahnr-
bor that would probably be sought by an enemy's
fleet, it we should get at war with a maritime
Power. In the fust place it had a channel into
which vessels of almost any draught could enter,
it was almost entirely land-locked, and then it is
m the great Atlantic and St. Lawrence railway
connection with the British Provinces, winch
would cause it to be the poit ino^t naturally se-
I iected. It was deemul, therefore, essential to
cover the entranee,mto that harbor.
, Then at Foit Pome we have failed to get a site
on the opposite side of the bay, called the Golden
Gate entrance into the haiboi at fckm Fianciseo.
This woik con^eqnentlv had to be pressed ti> it*
greatest strength. It was found that the work at
Foit Point had not sufficient range to sea, and
| th. t it whs neceseary, instead of three tieis,ps
originally designed, to make n a four-tier woik
The appropriation asked for is to complete it to
; a four-tier work.
1 At Fort Games, which commands the entrance
1 into Mobile harbor, the work had been com-
menced; and 1 will say to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
that I thmk the injury would be vety «reat to.iil
these fortifn-a; ions if wo: k upon them is stopped.
, He is certainly awaic that the eovming of an em-
1 brasure, whatever mafenal wo may us->, is sub-
ject to decay if exposed to moisture. It is never
m'endud to resist exposure to the element^. It
is always expected that it is to he covmed hy a
roof, the arch is turned over the embrasure, the
roof is the platform of the next tier of guns, and
so it goes on until you get to the upper tier of
guns, whxh is set en barbette, and then such a
covering as to prevent water passing thi'-u^h.
To stop it midway ni const1, uction is to expose
il to circumstances win- h the engineer did not
apprehend, and which must lesult m its uhnnate
destruction.
! Then, again, the questions are very deferent
between these fortifications and custom-hoims.
; When a custom-house tad* down, it is a matter
' of very little importance: and if vou never rebuild
. it, is not important. A fortification, howevt r, the
countiy has a light to require of Congress shall
be pressed to completion, at least to such com-
pletion as will make iteiTer^ve 'or deft-n.se, at the
; earliest pos-iblc moment. The Tortugas, a v/oi k
' seit ct< d by General ja^k^on. when hecommand-
ed m Floridn, as the nidi'at y w«,i k mosr necessai y
1 of all for the command of the Guif of Mexico, has
bn«en d along thro'igh a long ic rm oi years. Now
we have one tier of gut*;,-and have turned the
arches nnd commenced preparation for the second
' tier. The money we ask will give us the second
; tier; and with two tieis of guns m Fort Jefh r^on,
. and with Key West brought up to its complete
armament with three tiers of guns, we believe we
have that defense for the Gulf of Mexico which
is required of those positions.
At Fort Pickens, (and I am glad I did not for-
get it,) we thought an appropriation was merely
required for repairs. It was deemed necessary to
command the entrance of Pensacola, and as it has
been made a naval harbor that the armament
should be increased in caliber. An increase of
the armament in caliber, required new platforms.
An appropriation was made, and they proceeded
to change the platforms when they discovered
the covering of the embrasures so imperfect that
unless they got additional appropriations, if they
laid down the platform, they would have here-
after to tear up the platform so as to mend the
covering of the embrasuies beneath, and there-
fore it was deemed advantageous to ask an appro-
priation now.
We did not deem it necessary to ask for an ap-
propriation for Fort Niagara or Fort Mackinaw,
nor Fort Brady. Fort Mackinaw, alluded to by
the Senator fiom Wisconsin, commands the en-
trance of Lake Michigan, and is important m that
connection. But at those points we should want
nothing but water battenes, which could be
thiown up hastily if guns were at hand against
any fleet we could expcct to be upon Lake Mich-
igan, and then would follow the policy that the
Senator from New York—not the Senator who is
a member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. King,] and who is somewhat more com-
bative than his colleague who hos addressed us—
suggested, in relation to the Canadian woiks on
the frontier, when he said they were but starting
points, and that we should v.o into Canada,
and that the British would not come, mto our
country. I think it very tine that wc should
ptobably be the invaders instead of the invaded
paiiy; hut yet 1 would say Mackinaw ought to
ha\e the defence suggested. Niagara ought to
have the strength proposed, as pomt^ from winch
to go out; but both these and Foit Btady, and
other works of a smaller character, can be done
m such shoit tnne that it is not necessaiy to
make the remote preparation ivquned in the great
wm ks along tin* sea-shore. All the. interior de-
h'UM"> which may be leqmred on the northwest-
ern fiontier is ot that temporary character which
can be made by the troops who hold it. The gar-
rison themselves can tlnowup the only mtrench-
ujent required m such positions. 1 think this is
true of all our inland defences, that we may expect
our iace to be the aggressive nnd not the defensive
race; but if they should be thedeiensivo race, the
garrisons that hold the points will throw up ail
the jollifications they r< quite. Net so along the
sea-coast, and that is the basis of the great dis-
tinction v. lnc.ii the committee n'tade; first as to the
locality, and secondly, as 1 heretofoie explained,
as to works selee,U d.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bri.l.)
The qu- stion is on agreeing to the amendment
repotted fiom the committer.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mi. D WIS. 1 have another amendment to
otic) , to tnseit as a new section:
f.irttni en Tb'it tl,f> eleventh --oction of
tin' .ict oi M.iii-i) .5 P'tT. caUtle,! '■ \u a- t t Mi-.ms provis-
ion tot uri dthlmonai mm.her ol ami lor
;;>e| pip ' \v 111eii d'pnv<- -ut!< la t'jc Aim> Ot
th"ii nee! i<> a lieu upon -we p,n t oi Uie p i \ ot' tlie -'>kiici«,
oi toiippt-ii at tile pavtibU* to tect.'vc 'lie -i.idicipay
Irom tiie p i. nu-f s. !>e, a:.d the ^ni:" i- hcieb) lepeulefi.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I h*ue nnother amendment to
ofAr, to insert as a new sect ton: • ^
Sre — .-lad !c unthei ce.-W Th.it tlie Rpoictaiv ot
Wai !)C, ami lie e heiebv. anthon/ed to -"il. at rise ae;u,\!
( o-r tlict-.M,!, to ?)i'! i'o-t ' Mfn.'c Ix'pnmix'iu, -U' h a jminhor
<)'" fp-e-jrm-- <'1 the i:io-t leadr-i n i Jlu'ient pretcra a- m.iv
lie i.v'ce—:e v the piotcenoti oi tin nuoi -lajcv and etu-
! ai!ant w ayon- <m the ioute liom St. Louit. find jNIeiupiu^,
tv ri-iu FI.uk-IM-O
Air. TIUNTER.. I do not understand tl'is
amtndmunt. is it to sell the Post Office Depta't-
inent 'ivms 1
Mr. DAVIS. I will state it in a moment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ; sk to have lhat amenrl-
ment ieno''tid again. I did not hear it d.stniedy.
The Secretary read it.
Air. DAVIS. 1 will state, m answer to the
inquiry of the Senator from Virginia, that tiie
Postmaster General addressed the Secretary ot'
War, presenting to lum the necessity of having
