1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
c< Answer. Nor for their benefit, either directly or indi-
lectly.
Question. Nor in satisfaction of previous arrangements
or promises?
" Amwer. Nor in satisfaction of previous arrangements
or promises.
" Question. Did you receive any securities at anytime
during the month of March fast, to the amount of $30,000,
at one time ?
"■Answer. Not for any purpose of that sort.
" Question. Did you evei tor any purpose?
" Answer. Well,that would be a matter of strictly private
business; I did not lor the purpose of influencing members
of Congress, or their agents."
Whereupon the witness asked for time to consult coun-
sel in regard to his obligation to answei the question last
propounded to him, which was granted.
That oil the 11th instant, the witness again appeared be-
fore said committee, and submitted the following as his an- •
svver to said question, and peremptorily refused to make
any other or further answer thereto.
" Question. Did you receive from the firm of Lawrence,
Stone & Co., sometime in March lust, a sum of securities
or money of the amount of j$'30}000, more or less ?
"Answer. I did not, m IVIaich last, nor at any other time,
receive from Lawrence, Stone & Co. any money or secu-
rities of any amount, for the purpose of influencing, or to be
used in influencing, directly or indirectly, the action or tfote
of any member or otiicer of the present or the last Congress
upon the tariff oi any other act or measure considered by
Congress, or before it, or contemplated to be before it; nor
did i ever pay, or promise to pay, directly or indirectly, any
money or pecuniary consideration to any officer or member
of any Congress for his vote or sei vices m the passage of,
or to influence his action in relation to, the tut iff or any
other law ; nor did J ever give any money or securities to
any person for the purpose of being paid to any officer or
member of Congress lor his vote or influence, diroctly or
indirectly, upon any act under the consideration of Con-
gress, nor have I any knowledge that any such act or thing
was done by any other peison.
" I am advised by my counsel, Mes«r«. Rcverdy Johnson
and James M. Keith, whose opinion I have obtained since
the present question was propounded to me, that the above
answer is a full answer to evet ything which such a question
may involve, falling under the jurisdiction of the House of
Representatives, touching the inquiry which the committee
are constituted, and could only be constituted, to investigate.
And, acting under the same legal advice, I most respectfully
submit that the question, in its present foim,is not ot itself
ifertmenV to the only inquiry which the Ilouse, m this in-
stance, has a legal right to institute.
" If, acting undei such a power, a committee of the Ilouse
can compel a witness to answer such a question a& tins
except by saying that he did not use at all, directly or indi-
rectly, any money, coming from any quarter, to influence
directly or indirectly the action or vote of any membei of
Congress, and that he has never paid any money to any one
for such a puipose, and has no knowledge that any money
was used for that purpose, or any other illegal pui pose, re-
garding Congress, or arty of its officers, 1 respectfully sub-
mit that it gives to the committee or the Ilouse the light to
inquire into my private business and social relations, winch,
except so far as they may tend to prove the alleged impioper
influencing of members of Congress in some official duty,
is as much bejond the jurisdiction of the House, and, of
course, of the committee, as it would he beyond their power
to investigate the private business and social relations of
any other citizen, without such a charge or implication ol
«oiruption, or attempt to con upt Congress or any or' its mem-
bers, having been made. J. W. WOLCOTT.
u Washington, D. C., February 11,1858."
Your committee having heretofore had evidence that
the firm of Lawrence, Stone & Co. had, eaily in March,
1857, paid to the said John W. Woleott the sum ot' $58,000
in two payments, one of$33,000, and the other of §-25,000,
which constituted a part of the charge of §87,000, winch
appeared from the books of Lawrence, Stone 8c Co. to have
been expended in procuring the passage of thetauffof 1857,
believe it very material and important to the elucidation of
the matter refeired to them, to know from Mi. Woleott
whether he admits the receipt of any such sum; and if so,
how it was expended; that the Hou^e and the country may
judge whether it was designed to influence the legislation
Of Congress, or not.
Your committee therefore recommend the adoption of the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the Speaker be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to issue his wan ant to the Sergcant-at-
Arms of this House, commanding him to ariest the said
John W. Woleott wheresoever he may be found, and have
his body at the bar of the Hou-se foithwith to answer as tor
a contempt in refusing to answer a proper and competent
question propounded to him by a select committee ot this
House, in pursuance of the authority conferied by the
House upon said committee.
Mr. STANTON. I have but a word or two
to say in regard to the resolution. The House
will understand from the statement which is made
in the report in regard to the testimony that has
already been taken, that so far the proof before the
committee shows that of the $87,000 charged upon
the books of Lawrence, Stone & Co., as having
been expended in procuring the passage of the
tariff of 1857, $58,000 have gone into the hands of
Mr. Woleott. That is the proof as it now exists
before the committee. Upon the inquiry being
propounded to Mr. Woleott as to whether he
received that sum, he answers that he received
neither that nor any other sum for the purpose of
influencing the action ofCongress, buthe peremp-
torily refuses to answer whether he received itfor
any purpose.
Now, sir, in the judgment of the committee,
that question as to whether the payment to Mr.
Woleott, and the disbursement by him of that
sum, was designed to influence the action of Con-
gress, is a question of opinion, about which the
committee, the House, and the country, might
differ with Mr. Woleott. We believe that it is
indispensable, in order to ascertain whether the
action ofCongress was influenced by the disburse-
ment of this sum or not, that we should know
whether any portion of the money charged upon
their books as having been disbursed for corrupt
purposes, was so used; and that we have, there-
fore, a right to know how it was disbursed. That
is the single, simple, and sole inquiry. The agent
who, as the proof shows,was charged with the dis-
bursement of a large proportion of that money,
says thatitwas not disbursed for corrupt purposes,
but he refuses to answer how it was disbursed,
whether he received it at all, and to whom he paid
it. The simple question for the House to determine
is, whether the committee have a right to demand
of this witness an answer as to the simple fact of
the receipt of that money; whether he received it
for any purpose, and if he received it, to whom,
'and for what purpose he paid it?
Now, I submit it as a legal proposition, that
any court of justice has a right to know all the
facts which may or may not tend to elucidate a
question submitted to the court and jury. The
question of the intention of the witness; the ques-
tion of the object of the appropriation of money;
the question as to whether the manner in which it
was disbursed may have influenced properly or
improperly the action of the House—these are not
questions for the witness, but they are questions
for the tribunal that is called upon to decide
whether that disbursement was an honest or a dis-
honest disbursement. I submit to the House that
if this committee cannot compel a witness to dis-
close any fact except such facts as, in his opinion
tend to show thatdisbursementoperated corruptly
upon Congress, then the committee had better be
disbanded at once. If this House is thrown upon
the judgment of the parties to these transactions,
upon their opinion as to what is criminal and what
is not; as to what is a corrupt appropriation of
money and what is an honest appropriation of it;
why then there is an end of all investigations into
corrupt practices in this House.
All that this committee ask, is that the House
shall confer upon them power to know the facts in
relation to this disbursement, that they may report
to the House for its action their judgment as to
whetherthe disbursementwas corrupt, or whether
it was honest. The witness may be right, or he
may not be right. The committee may draw an
erroneous inference, or a just inference, from the
facts as they may be exhibited before them, but
they want the facts which are within the knowl-
edge of the witness.
Mr. Speaker, I will now ask for the reading of
the act of Congress, passed at the last session, in
regard to the duty of witnesses in making answers
to the questions propounded to them, and in re-
gard to the power of Congress, and committees of
Congress, over witnesses called before them for
the purpose of testifying. It will be remembered
that, by that act, the common-law rule in relation
to a witness having the right to protect himself
from answering any interrogatory propounded to
him, because his answer might tend to criminate
him,disgrace him, or subject him to liabilities, was
changed, and that the House have a right, under
that act, to demand of the witness an answer to
any question propounded to him material to the
inquiry before them, without regard to its effect
upon the civil or criminal rights of the witness.
Upon the reading of the law, which is now in the
hands of the Clerk, I have no further remarks to
make. I submit the question upon this plain state-
ment. There is a simple and distinct issue between
the witness and the committee, as to whether he
is bound to give an unqualified and categorical
answer to the question whether he received this
money or not. That is the whole question. It
is suggested to me that I should call the previous
question. This witness has had eminent counsel
to advise him as to his rights in this matter, and
I take it for granted that he has prepared himself,
in the answer which he made to the committee,
and which is now submitted to the House, to test
the power of the House by an application to the
courts.
I do not desire to precipitate any Action upon
the House that will not be sustained by the judi-
cial tribunals, when they are called upoia to decide
the question. I ask the Clerk to read the law o€
the last session upon the question.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
"Be it enacted by Ike Senate and House o f Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That any person
summoned as a witness by the authority of either House of
Congress to give testimony, or to produce papers upon any
matter before either House,or any committee of either House
of Congress, who shaH willfully make default, or who, ap^
pearing, shall refuse fo answer any Question pertinent to the
matter ot* inquiry in consideration before the House or com-
mittee by which he shall be examined, shall, in addition to
the pamsand penalties now existing, be liable to indictment
as and for a misdemeanor, in any court of the United States
havingjurisdiction thereof, and on conviction, shall pay a
fine not exceeding one thousand dollars, and not less than
one hundred dollars, and suffer imprisonment in the com-
mon jail not less than one month, nor more thair twelve
months.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no person exam-
ined and testifying before either House of Congress, or any
committee of cither ilouse, shall be held to answer crim
inally in any court of justice, or subject to any penalty or
forfeiture, for any fact or act touching which he shall be
required to testify before either House of Congress, or any
committee of either House, as to whicb he shall have testi-
fied, whether before or after the date of this act; and that
no statement made or paper produced by any witness before
either House of Congress, or before any committee of either
House, shall be competent testimony in any criminal pro-
ceeding against such witness imany court of justice; and
no witness shall hereafter be allowed to reftise to testify to
any fact or to produce any paper touching which he shall
be examined by either House of Congress, or any committee
of either House, for the reason that his testimony touching
such fact or the production of such paper may tend to dis-
grace him, or otherwise render him infamous: Provided,
That nothing in this act shall be construed to exempt any
witness from prosecution anft punishment for peijury com-
mitted by him in testifying as aforesaid.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when a witness
shall fail to testify, as provided in the previous sections of
this act, and the facts shall be reported to the Hou-*e, it shall
be the duty of the Speaker of the House or the President of-
the Senate to certify the fact, under the seal of the House
or Senate, to the district attorney for the District of Colum-
bia, whose duty it shall be to bring the matter before the
grand jury for their action."
Mr. PHILLIPS took the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make this sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ■
Phillips,] which I think will perhaps obviate the
necessity of his addressing the House. We are
called upon, it seems to me, to tread -upon very-
delicate ground, and I do not think we ought to
act precipitately. I rise, therefore, to suggest that,
by general consent, the subject be passed by in-
formally for to-day, until the answer of the wit-
ness shall have been printed, and each member
may be able to know exactly the question pro-
pounded by the committee, and the answer given
by the witness. I make this suggestion, which
I hope will meet the approbation of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and the House, as I am sure
it will conduce to the proper action of the House.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I differ very much from the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] in
this matter. 1 think this is a question upon which
the House should take prompt action. Itistime
the House should establish some rule of action
upon this subject, by which it is to be governed.
The House should either abandon these investi-
gations, or compel the answers of reluctant wit-
nesses. The fault, in my opinion, is partly in
the committee themselves. I thifik they have been
too indulgent. But I agree with the chairman of
that committee, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] that it is time now for the House to
act, and to make a refractory and contumacious
witness disclose all he knows on the subject of
inquiry. I can imagine no case of action more
directly calling for the exercise of the authority of
the House than the present. A committee ofthis
House, clothed with the authority of the House,
authorized to send for persons and papers, author-
ized to examine witnesses upon a matter affecting
the character of members of the present or preced-
ing Congress, ask this witness a question which
can affect him in nothing. To be sure, it may be
the first of a series of questions which may bring
upon him consequences which, if his conduct has
subjected him to it, ought to be brought upon him.
But, sir, if you consider the question propounded
in itself, it is eminently proper. [ ask if there
be any memberof this House, whether lawyer or
otherwise, who will stand up here and allow a
witness to substitute his own judgment for that
of those who are to judge from his testimony?
Mr. Speaker, how is the issue presented? The
committee report here that they find the fact that
