2796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
protection along this route. He asked for men,
but in addition to other things he asked for arms to
be given to the persons carrying the mail in stages,
so that the drivers, employes, and passengers
might all be armed for the self-defense which they
will possibly require on the route. The commit-
tee thought proper to allow the Postmaster Gen-
eral to have arms, not to bring the Secretary of
War into contact with the contractors, who are
the officers of the Post Office Department, and in
allowing the Postmaster General to have arms,
put him upon the same footing as the Secretary
of the Navy, who comes to the Secretary of War
for arms, is furnished with arms for the marines
and for the Navy generally, and charged with the
capital cost, which amount goes to the appropri- j
ation for the manufacture of arms, and is paid
out of the appropriation for the Navy. In this
case it must come either out of the appropriation
for the expense of the Post Office Department or
be charged to the contractor us the Postmaster
General may please.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that when we
contract with these men to carry the mail, they
lake the risk themselves. I do not see that we are
bound to furnish them and the passengers with
arms. What is to be the limit of them? Who
are to take care of them? Who are responsible
for the arms after they are furnished? Are the
contractors responsible? Are the Post Office De-
partment responsible? Are we to have a mixed
responsibility ?
Mr. GWIN. The contractors protect the routes,
and this is a proposition to enable them to pro-
tect themselves without supporting an army along
the route.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think we have any
contract to protect the route.
Mr. DAVIS. I had better send the letter of
the Postmaster General to the Chair, and have it
read.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask, what will be the cost
of all these arms ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is merely to furnish arms.
Mr. SEWARD. What will bo the cost ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have not the least idea. The
contractors will want, I suppose, about ten or fif-
teen for each stage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator desire to have the letter read ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I wish the letter to be
read to explain the matter. Just as the Senate
please, however. Jf the Senate do not want the
information, of couise it need not be lead.
Mr. MASON. Lot it be read.
Mr. STUART. I want it read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
POST Oi••rroi/DnwuTMr NT, May HI, 1838.
Sir: The fact that the oveiland mini i>eiviee lioin the
Mississippi rivoi to San Francisco will ^oon be crnmm need,
I have alieadv veiliaily communicated to jou, in connec-
tion with a tequiM that thorough mihtaij protection should
he aJfoided to it 1'iom the outset.
fn vicwofieccnt Indian disturbances in portion1- ofTexus
and New Mcxico, the need of pioteelum has bt.comc even
more uigent than betetolorc, and «ceni*Uo call upon me to
lay bctorc >ou ica^on^ toi according those means oi' tafoty
which I have toll it to be my duly to request.
Congress, m «'*tabli-:hing the oveiland mail fni the con-
veyance ot letters, in toui-hois-e coaches, and the IMcm-
dent, m directing the semee to be commenced, evidently
looked chictlj to the gicat line ol p-ettlemeiits- wh'di a fn>t-
ekw-. coach mtvico would "icatl.v help to call into existence.
Jf the«-c tage coaches ami stage stations aie not thoioughly
protected, hut are lett exposed to the rav.uie* and pluudci-
itigs of the thieving Indians who roam over the plain*- which
the stages u ill traverse, the end had in view will prove
wholly unattainable. Emigration and settlements will tol-
iuw the trail of the oveiland mail only m the event that
settler? and tiavelers have l.uth in the ability of the Gov-
ernment to insuie them peilect safely. The eontiactors
ft have been uniformly assuied of the disposition ot the Excc-
B utive to protect the" line of travel upon which they have
been ordered, and their publication ot tins (act has had the
plea-mg effect of causing numerous lamthes to prepaie
to settle m many of the fertile valley* on the route. They
express to me no doubt of their being able to build up, at
an early dav, numerous and important settlements which
will be'ofgieat value to themselves and the Government.
If these hopes are n-aiizcd. abundant and cheap supplies
will be obtainable wiierev< r -vanted by the contractor of
the Post Office Depaitment, by the Army, by the Indian
huieau. and by uavelc,* ro and fiom Cahioinwi. Military
pioteciion firing afforded, and the people made to b,>heve
that the Indi ms would find it impo -litir to invade the hne
without piovokmg pioiupt and adequate punishment, J *ee
no cnu.se to pn--veui n- t only the making of numerous set-
tlement- u'oug the who'o line, t'iom St. Louis and Mem-
phis to San Fianci^eo, but aNo the ttavvhng of hitnihes. m
any kind of vehicles commonly Utcd. at any season of ihe
j car. The poorest man would' then be ably to eonvj. Ins
family to < alifonua m a cheap wagon, subsisting his hoises
upon'the grass growing at the side of his load, instead of
being compelled to remain at the East from inability to de-
fray the cost of emigrating by sea. It would make Califor-
nia accessible to poor men who have large families.
As an efficient auxiliary to the ordinary system of defend-
ing a long hne of communication, I respectfully request that
all stages traversing the Indian country, in the employ of
this Department, be armed by the War Department, with
the most modern and efficient fire-arms; the contractors, in
some proper way, to be made responsible for the prompt
return of the arms (or their money equivalent) upon the
demand of the War Department. With military posts,
judiciously located withm reasonable distance, numerous
emigrants traveling the same road, and growing settlements
planted along the line, armed stages would not be likely to
be attacked, even by Camanehesj or Apaches.
Confident of your hearty cooperation in the effort making
to connect the settlements in the Mississippi valley with
those of California, and to thus aid in strengthening the
bonds of our Union while performing an executive duty, J
am yours, very truly, AARON V. BROWN.
Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
Before the Secretary had concluded the reading
j of the letter,
; Mi. HUNTER said: I understand that this is
J a proposition to sell arms. I have no objection
to that. I thought it was to give them away.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. Let the reading of the letter be
finished.
The Secretary continued the reading.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to dispense with the
further reading of the letter.
Mr. STUART. I want to hear it. It is stated
they entered into contract to carry the mail, and
we contracted that we should protect the carriers.
I want to know what the Postmaster General
says.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the let-
ter.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see but what this
amendment is as 1 first stated. We are to buy
them, and I suppose give them away. We sell
from one Department to the other for the use of
these emigrants, so that my objection remains.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is far better that the
employes of the Post Office Department should
look to the head of that Department for whatever
supplies they require, and that the two Depart-
ments should exchange amounts: the one want-
ing arms, another having arms gives them up to
the one wanting arms on receiving an amount
which enables them to replace the arms surren-
dered. Such is the arrangement which constantly
exists.between the War and Navy Departments,
and I see no reason why it should not exist in
this case. As to what tjie Postmaster General
will do with them, that is a matter which Con-
; gress can control. If yon give him no money
1 which will unable him to give away the arms, he
i will necessarily soli the arms to the persons to
] whom he surrenders them, lie will have power
; of course to sell them. If he gets possession of
i them for a purpose, he cannot give them away.
Mr. MASON, it serins to me the impressions
of my colleague aie entirely correct; thai tins is a
proposition for the Government to furnish arms
gratuitously to the contractors who carry the
mails.
Mr. DAVIS. Where is that proposition to be
: found in the amendment?
| Mr. MASON. The proposition now before us
I does substantially say that.
j Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read, to see whether
| the Senator will find that in it.
! The Secretary again read it.
Mr. MASON. Certainly, unless I entirely mis-
understand what must be the effect of the amend-
ment, it is, in effect, a proposition for the Gov-
ernment to supply to those contiactois the means
of protecting the mails, it la that the Secretary
of Warshail sell to the Postmaster General, arms
for the protection of the mails. Now, where is
the mail? It is m the hands of the contractor,
who has entered into a contract without refer-
ence to arms or protection, to carry it from one
ji point to another. There is no stipulation that the
ii Government is to protect the mail in transitu. The
] contractor is to do that; and if the provision be
■! earned into effect, and the Secretary of War sells
these arms to the Postmastei General, and is paid
■ for them, it will be but a transfer fiom one De-
partment to another, and the arms will then be in
the possession of the Postmaster General, to he
■ used by these contractors. Whether the con-
tractors will account for them, or purchase them,
" is not provided for there.
' Mr. DAVIS. No; it does not intend to pro-
• ■ vide for that there.
Mr. MASON. It will be intrusted to the De-
partment for regulation, and the Department will
understand, as I should understand, if they are
authorized to furnish the contractors with these
arms, that they are just as much authorized to
furnish wagons, horses, or anything else to carry
the mails. It seems to me that will be the result.
Mr. BELL. I only wish to say one word.
There is something more important to be noticed,
I think, in that communication from the Postmas-
ter General than the mere question of the cost, or
whether we ought to supply these arms. I un-
derstand, by that letter of the Postmaster General,
that he encourages the contractors, in giving out
the contracts, to believe that the Government of
the United States would extend military protec-
tion to them. Now, sir, what may be the effect
of having such a supply of arms? I do not know;
but I remember very well when these mail routes
were established, and these large sums of money
were appropriated for their support, that I, if no-
body else* did, predicted that we were about to
expend a large amount of money supposing we
should get regular communications overland be-
tween the Atlantic States and our possessions on
the Pacific coast, which could not be realized. I
said it was impossible from the nature of the
country, and the liability of the contractors to
be interrupted continually, or frequently, at all
events, by hostile and marauding tribes of In-
dians; and that the consequence would be that
they would come here, if they should find their
contract not likely to be a very profitable one, or
that they could make more by not carrying the
mail, and by pretending that they could not carry
it on account of Indian hostilities, and in that way
the Government would be defrauded.
Now, sir, vote these supplies proposed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and we shall be
giving a sanction to the claims of these contract-
ors to be allowed indemnity not only for all ac-
tual losses, but that all the fines imposed upon
them for failure to carry the mails should be re-
mitted. My attention has been drawn to this
subject by the fact that there is a claim before the
Committee on Indian Affairs, of which I am a
member, which has been there for the last three
years, I think of one of the contractors to carry
the mail between Salt Lake City and San Fran-
! cisco or San Diego, upon the Pacific coast. He
only carried the mails for a short portion of the
time, and they claim, I think—my friend from
Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian] will correct me if I am
wrong—indemnity for one hundred and eighty-
six mules of which they were robbed. The
amount was either eighty-six or a hundred and
j! eighty-six, but I do not remember the exact num-
|i ber now. It was a most enormous claim.
Mr. HOUSTON. Seventy-five thousand dol-
I: iars.
<\ Mr. BELL. Was it so much? Upon what
ji ground was if made? They claimed, under the
ii extension of the Indian legulation laws, that it
11 was terutory belonging to the United States
i through which they undertook to carry the mails,
■ and could they be expected to carry the mail and
fulfill theireontraef when this Government afford-
jj ed them.no protection? Not only that, but they
ji claimed they ought to have indemnity for losses
|l for carrying the mail through a country assailed
j! by a public enemy.
'! Sir, these are serious considerations. Themo-
<• ment I heard the letter read I foresaw what would
; be the consequences, and I remembered perfectly
that I predicted these consequences when we were
granting these routes. He tells us there was no
j! ground of complaint; that he gave every assurance
that these contractors would be protected; and
!! that the Government had every disposition to
jj protect them as far as it had power. We have
got the power if we choose to carry it out; These
mail contractors need not carry more than half a
dozen mails during the next year, and can come
here upon plausible grounds and claim the remis-
sion of any fines, inasmuch us they have purchased
a large amount of stock,of carnages, horses, mules,
or whatever they propose to carry the mails with,
and are entitled to the cost of keeping them and
the hisses incurred by them,unless we nfiord them
the protection we encouraged them to believe they
would have
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President-
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me, I
will suggest that there is a letter from the Scare-
