1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2797
tary of War, which is very brief, that covers the
letter just road from the Postmaster General.
Mr. COLLAMER. in answer?
Mr. DAVIS. It covers the letter read.
Mr, COLLAMER. I suppose it is, probably,
in answer to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department, Washington, June 7, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy of a
communication addressed to me by the Postmaster General
in regard to arming the mail carriers who pass through the
Indian territory.
Approving of the suggestion therein contained, but having
no authority to adopt it, I respectfully, in this mode, sub-
mit it for the consideration ol your committee.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Sccietary of War.
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Chairman Committee Military Affairs^
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have a communica-
tion read to us from the Postmaster General to
the Secretary of War. The wishes of that Post-
master General to that Secretary of War, pretty
distinctly expressed, give that Secretary to un-
derstand that a certain mail service which he is
about to set up under a special law across the con-
tinent, requires for its protection military posts
established at reasonable distances, and perma-
nent garrisons at those posts—a military force to
sustain the route, and encourage the route from
post to post, and if I understand his letter aright,
he gives us to understand that that is what was
expected by the men who took the contract.
The great body of the communication relates to
this point,an importantone,and he says it should
be extended sufficient, not only to guard the mail
and the persons who accompany that mail, and
the passengers, but to guard the route in such a
manner that it should be safe for emigrants, se-
cure to their teams and to their droves,and open
the communication between us and California in
such a manner as to render it safe and convenient.
That is the great purpose of that letter. Now,
what is the proposition under that letter? There
is another small portion of it, a single sentence,
in which the Postmaster General requests the
Secretary of War, or suggests to him that he
shall furnish proper and suitable arms, of im-
proved patterns, to those who go with the mails,
under some proper securities of those mail carri-
ers, and to be accountable to his Department for
them.
Now, what is proposed to us as an answer to
this requisition of that Department? Is it to de-
tach some men to establish posts' Not at all. Is
it to furnish any soldiers, or any officers, or anv
garrisons, or any guard r Not at ail. is it to send
any escort with the mail? Not at all._ Is it a re-
sponse to any of the material requisitions there?
Nothingof the kind. Weil, what is it? Is it that
you may buy some arms of this other Depart-
ment, if you can, and I understand the honora-
ble Senator, who is chairman of the Committee
on Finance, upon the whole, as it is to sell them,
has no sort of objection to it. If he has no ob-
jection to it, he will see to it that the Post Office
Department has an appropriation of money to
make the payment.
Mr. HUNTER. That was based upon a state-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi, but on
looking at the amendment I find it is nothing
but a sale from one Department to another, but
which will give arms to every man, as I under-
stand it. That will be the effect.
Mr. COLLAMER. What difference does it
make with us if we make an appropriation out of
the Treasury to enable the Postmaster General
to buy of the Secretary of War some arms which
he can never take care of? He has no military
power. Now, it is said he is to give them to his
employes. Mr. President, are the contractors the
employes of the Department ? By that term I un-
derstand somebody under the control of the De-
partment; contractors for carrying the mail are
under no control of' the Department. They fulnU
their contract—that is all. They are not subject
to any order in the woild, except it be that the
schedule of times may be changed agreeably to
the terms of the contract. There is nothing m
any other respcct. They are not under his direc-
tion nor control, nor can he get any control over
them, or have any care of arms given to them.
In short, it looks like saying, if your son asks
bread of you, give him a stone. He has asked you
for protection in the construction of a great ana
material work across the continent; for an armed
force to sustain it, and to protect it against the
Indians and against the enemies of our own coun-
try, or those who may be in rebellion*, and what
do you offer ? Any soldiers' Not at all. Any
military supply and protection? None whatever.
Do you even furnish arms to these contractors,
and take securities in the proper Department to
which the arms belong for their return and proper
use? Not at all. You do not even do that; but
say, in lieu of all these things, u we will sell you
some arms, and you must take care of them, pro-
vided you have notgotany means to buy them."
There must be an appropriation in the bill for that
purpose. 1 think this is catching the immaterial,
unimportant part of that letter, and not respond-
ing according to the terms of it at all. I do not
undertake to say whether we are under obliga-
tion to furnish protection to that mail route or not;
but I say, this amendment now offered to us is a
very miserable attempt to do it, if we are under
any obligation to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has made up his
own case, and therefore reached his own conclu-
sions. I am not aware of any obligation on the
part of the Committee on Military Affairs to re-
ceive the application of the Postmaster General,
and favorably to entertain it. I am not aware of
any principle of action which would justify this
government in making a contract, for an immense
sum of money, to peiform a particular service,
and then sending its own troops to guard the men
who did it. Why, sir, you might as well give a
sergeant the mail bags, and send him along with
them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to be mis-
understood. I stated, in my remarks, that I did
not know whether we were under any obligation
at all to do it. This was not doing anything of
the kind.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator says he asked
for bread, and received a stone. That had no
meaning, unless he asked something he had a
right to expect and been refused.
Mr. COLLAMER. He knows what he has
asked for.
Mr. DAVIS. And I know very well that there j
is no purpose to grant what he asked; that under j
no pretense his request was to be granted. So far j
from it, a distinct proposition, instead of what he I
asked for, to put m his power the furnishing of
arms to these people, if arms they wanted, and.
not to tax the Government either with the ex-
pense of it; because if they go merely to get the
! Government arms, and might throw them away
I when they had them in their possession, we had
[ better compel them to go into the private market
I and buy them. If they want Government arms
1 because they are best to answer the purpose of
defense, then I say sell them to them at the prime
cost.
The Senator says the contractors are not em-
ployes. What of that? The contractors have a
relation to the Postmaster General; they have
none to the Secretary of War. The Postmaster
General reaches the appropriation which pays
the contractors for the service they perform, and
can reach them if they destroy public property
in their hands which has been placed there on an
obligation on their part to retuin it. The Secre-
tary of War has no such control over them, no
such access to them, no relation to them.
Why, then, should the Secretary of Warbe
called upon to furnish arms to these men ? lhe
proposition as it stands is to establish military
posts, and to send guards along. Why, sir, if
the Government are going to do that, let the Gov-
ernment carry the mail and throw the contractor
out. Let them keep the money /nstead of pay-
ing it to the contractor, if the Government is to
perform the service. If there is anybody here
who holds that the committee should have re-
ported in accordance with the application of the
Postmaster General, I know not how he can
maintain his position, unless he also contends
that the contractors should be excluded entirely
from connection with the Post Office Department,
and the military arm of service called upon to j
carry the mail for the Postmaster General. j
Mr. GWIN. It was well known, when these j
contracts were entered into, especially the first i
one, that the Army of the United States would be j
stationed along this route. j
Mr. DAVIS. Never. '
Mr GWIN. It was expected.
Mr DAVIS. It was an absurd expectation,
if they supposed the Army was ever to be dotted
along the mail route.
Mr GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will say that along that route is where the Indians
are most troublesome It is in that section of the
country that the Army ought to be, whether there
was any mail route at all or not; but the Army
has been drawn off to other service. The Utah
war has consolidated the Army at one point, in-
stead of being extended over the territory through
which these mail routes would pass. It is, there-
fore, because the Army of the United States is not
large enough, with the present concentration of
our forces upon Utah, to give that protection in
countries where the Indians are hostile and com-
mit depredations—the Camanclies, Apaches, Na-
vajoes, and those Indians where our Army is
required to keep them in subjection—that this
measure is made necessary. It is because the
Army has been necessarily withdrawn, owing to
the disturbances in Utah, that, it is proposed, in
the absence of the protection which it was ex-
pected would be given at the time through this
country, where hostile Indians were m the habit
of committing depredations, to resort to tempo-
rary expedients by which the safety of the mail
may be secured. I take that to be the proposition.
I never heard of it until it was offered here.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator from
California to state to the Senate what posts have
been abandoned on account of the expedition to
Utah on this mail route ?
Mr. GWIN. No posts have been abandoned;
but the troops have been drawn off. For instance:
from Fort Buchanan troops were drawn off; and
other posts, I am told, are m the same position.
I have not made inquiry on the subject. There
has been a concentration of troops that would
otherwise have been stationed along that section.
Mr. DAVIS. Where is Fort Buchanan ?
Mr. GWIN. In Arizona Territory.
Mr. DAVIS. This mail road does not go there.
Mr. GWIN. It goes right through it. The
object is to give these arms, as we all know.
When I went to California in 1849, I drew arms
| and paid for them. I looked upon those in the
' possession of the Secretary of \Var as the best
arm we could get. I consider it certain that no
injury can result from this proposition, butgreat
benefit.
Mr. YULEE. The Government does not fur-
nish these arms. The Government is the pur-
chaser of them.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator so
that he will see the whole subject. I do not know
what kind of arms these people will apply tor.
They may apply, for instance, for Colt's revolving
pistols; and it is a very probable thing they will
apply for other arms which the War Departments
compelled to purchase for its own use, and which
it could not afford to give away.
Mr. YULEE. That is what I presume this
proposition anticipates—a supply by the Govern-
ment of arms of the latest improvement. The
Government is the purchaser. Why may they
not be purchased directly from the parties from
whom the Government purchases > Let them go
to Sharpe, Colt, or whatever maker they please,
and purchase the arms.
Mr. GWIN. The reason is simply because
they would sell higher to them than they would
to the Government.
Mr. STUART. I recollect, when this service
was provided for, I was among those who thought
it was not very valuable, but that is not so im-
portant now. The tenth section of the act which ,
made the appropriation is m these words: t
"Jlnd he it further enarted, That the Postmaster General
be, anil lie is hereby, authorized to contract lor the convey-
ance of the entire letter mail from such point on the Mis-
sissippi river as the contractors may select, to ban rran-
cisco, m the State of California, for six years, at a cost not
exeeedm" S300.000 per annum for oeinl-inontllly. S4.iO,UUU
for weekly, or §600,000 tor semi-weekly service, to be per-
formed semi monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, at the op-
tion of the Postmaster General."
The eleventh section has an important bearing
on the proposition contained m the letter of the
Postmaster General:
" jlnd be it further enacted, That the contract shall re-
nin re the service to be performed with good tour-horse
coaches or spring wagons, suitable for the conveyance or
passengers, as well as the safety and secuuty of the mails."
