2798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The twelfth section is in these words:
" Jind be itfurther enacted, That the contractors shall
have the right of pieemption to three hundred and twenty
acres of any land not then disposed of or reserved, at each
point necesf-arvfor a station, not to be nearer than ten miles
from each other ; and provided, that no mineral lands shall
be tlrurf preempted."
Now, Mr. President, there was an appropria-
tion for making a contract, at an enormous ex-
pense, to carry all the letter mail from the Mis-
sissippi river to San Francisco; and the eleventh
section was inserted in that act to compel the con-
tractors to furnish such defense as should make
that letter mail safe. That is the important mail.
The newspaper mail is not of any consequence,
in a pecuniary point of view.
In addition to this, there is the authority to take
three hundred and twenty acres of land, by pre-
emption, at points over the entire route, not nearer
than ten miles apaft. It is an immense pay for
a service which, as I said, I thought at the time
not very valuable. I think so yet. Bat the law
having so provided this immense pay for a ser-
vice that shall be rendered secure by the con-
tractors themselves, what does the Postmaster
General tell us? He says that he has assured
these contractors in all cases thatthcUnited Suites
would protect their mails throughout the entire
route by stationing the Army from point to point,
and he calls upon the Secretary of War to do it.
What are we to expect from all this ? That these
mails will be attacked is inevitable from the very
nature of the country, and the nature of the Indian
population; and the contractors will come down
upon the Congress of the United States for dam-
ages, on the assurance of the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Now, what is the duty of Congress to-day?
Unquestionably, in my judgment, to repudiate it.
If we adopt this proposition, or any similar prop-
osition, which looks to carrying out the assurance
of (he Postmnster General, Congress is commit-
ted,and it will bo said, " Ytmdid not furnish the
protection that the Postmaster General assured us
would be given—troops throughout the hind to
protect us;" but you simply sold us arms to he
earned by our passengers, and by our drivers,
which was no protection at all." I therefore say,
that this is a contract which should compel the
contractors to take such measures as would pro-
tect the mails themselves; and that, the duty of
Congress to-da)r, if they do not mean to impli-
cate this Government to the amount of millions
of dollars, is to stand by that law, and refuse any
protection whatever. This seems to me to be the
only safety to the Government.
Mr. (J WIN. 1 have no doubt the Senator from
Michigan will do everything he can to destroy
this law, in order to make the prediction good
that he made when it was under consideration
in Congress before. lie tried to destroy it then,
and to prevent its passage. The very clause that
he reads, about keeping the mails secure, is in nil j
other laws for carrying the mails; and that is, to j
protect them against the wenther. Was it sup- >
posed, when that law passed, they were to load •
the stages with guns instead of letters? It was i
not expected at the time, because those countries j
were being settled up rapidly, and the Army was |
stationed on the route through which it passed,
and it was thought that it would be protected.
The section the Senator has read, with reference
to protecting the mail, is in all other laws for car-
rying the mail. U was intended, nt the time, for
no other pi teetion of the mails whatever than that
I have mentioned.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It strikes me that this is a
very ingenious device to save the transportation
of arms from here to California, where they are
<pvery much needed for defense. I understand
these arms are to be sold to the Post Office De-
partment, and, when a stage-load of passeiureis
start, we are to give each of them a weapon which
he retains until he gets there. Another coach-
load starts, and we srive them weapons. In this
way we can send all the arms we want to Cali-
fornia, and leave them theie and save the cost of
transportation. It strikes me it is a very inge-
nious piece of economy, and 1 tun inclined to give
it my suppou on that ground.
Mr. MALLORY. I oiler an amendment^ to
the amendment, to aud at the end of it the fol-
lowing:
Phot'tJcd, Thai it *hal! not be lawful for the Postmaster
Gpneral to permit the n«?e of said arms, or authorize their
transfer, without receiving the cost price theieof.
1 Mr. STUART. I do not intend to continue this
discussion; and [ am very sorry that the Senator
from California (in consonance to what seems to
be a really unfortunate habit of the Senator of
thinking that everybody who opposes a measure
that he is in favor of, has got something personal
in it) should have said he was very confident that
I desired to defeat this bill in. order that my pre-
dictions might turn out to be true. Why, sir, I
have no such reputation in the way of prophecy
to maintain-—-not at all. I do not think that it is
necessary. I think the country pretty generally
understood that that route was not a very val-
uable affair; but that is not the purpose. I am
willing to see it succeed; and so far from having
any objection to its success, I would like to see ji
it succeed. I would rather be shown to be wrong \ \
than proven right in regard to the original prop-
osition.
But I see nothing in this law which authorizes
the Postmaster General to make any such as-
surance to contractors. He has furnished a copy
of a letter sent to the Secretary of War, which
says he has given those assurances. They are
not in the contract; but they are his personal of-
ficial assurances, given simultaneous with the
making of the contract, and they present an equity
in the'ease of a loss. Therefore, it was that I'
stated my opinion that it was the high duty of
Congress to-day not to make any movement that
looked toauthorizingthoseassurances. Wcnever
intended it in the law. I take it we do not intend
it to-day. 1 deemed it important, and the very
reason why I desired that letter read at length,
was to see whether there was any thing embodied
in the contract itself binding the Government to
favor this construction. I think there is not, but
that it rests upon the official and personal assur-
ance of the Postmaster Genera! himself. I think
he was wrong; that he had no authority to give
it. I think the Congress of the United States
should in nowise sanction it, and therefore it is,
and for that reason only, that I am against this
proposition.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to hear the ori-
ginal amendment read, as it will be if the proposed
amendment is annexed to it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the Secietavy of War he,
and he is heiebv. aurhouzed to ^oll, at the actual co>t theie-
ol, to the 1'o-a Ouice Dcp.utment, «uch a number ot' firc-
aim>, of the inoj-t modem and ellKnent pattern, as may be
ncee-^aiy tor the piotectiori of mail -ta^es and emnjiant
wagons on the tonic hmn St. Loan and Memphis (o rUn
Fkuk'^co: Provide/!, Tint if ^hall not be lawlul foi the
Postmaster General to ponmt the ns>o of s-aid aims, or au-o
thoiizi; then tiaiislei, without receiving the cot-t price'
tltei eof.
Mr. GR.EEN. The amendment to the amend-
ment nullifies the first proposition completely,and
hence it is much better to vote down the fiist piop-
osition, when nullified, by putting on another
amendment which makes it perfectly nugatory.
' It says he shall not peimit the use or disposal of
| the arms without receiving full price,
j Mr. CLAY. I have some reasons for the vote
■ which I mean to give, and I should like to give
j them, but we have now been in session eight
| hours, wanting six minutes, and I rise for the
purpose of moving an adjournment. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. IIUNTER. I hope we shall not adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. With five other appropriation
bills to follow this one, I do not think we can get
through this week if we discuss each one as long
as this has been discussed.
Mr. HAYNE. I second the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CLAY. If we could get through soon I
would withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
Does the Senator insist on his motion?
Mr. CLAY. 1 will not insist for the present;
but I would suggest that I have been without my
dinner, and 1 am very impatient to get it.
Mr. ALLEN I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. IIUNTER. I hope we shall not adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I withdiaw the motion if we can
get ,i vote.
Alt- ALLEN. I insist on it, and I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being-
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays as follows:
YEAS — Alien, Bell, Big'er. Brodenck, Clay.
Ciingman, Davis, Green, Hayne, Houston, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, King, Pearce, Reid, Sebastian, Seward,
Trumbull, Wade, VVnght, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brijrht, Hi own, Cameron, Chan-
dlei, Collamei, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Hunter, Mallory,
Polk, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs,and Wilson—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the War
Department has on hand the best arms that this
country can afford, and we have authorized the
War Department to-day to purchase a supply of
breech-loading arms and to alter others. This
proposition is to permit the War Department to
sell at cost price such arms as the Postmaster
General may require. If we have contracted for
the mail service and undertaken to furnish these
arms or protection to the mail carriers in any
other way, then clearly the amendment I sent to
the Chair is not in order, and I shall feel bound
to withdraw it. I presumed it was understood
that no such understanding had been had by the
mnil carriers. If it has not been had and the con-
tract has not been made with reference to a sup-
ply of arms or protection, as a matter of course
we ought not to give them to them for nothing.
If such an understanding has been had I with-
draw the amendment. I offered it simply to sup-
ply a deficiency in the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment having been withdrawn,
the question recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to state that the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs has
been obliged, by the state of his health, to go
home. lie has not been able to protract his at-
tendance longer.
Mr. HUNTER. But before he left, he got
through all his amendments but one.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will permit, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
has but one amendment to offer, and that of no
consequence, after this. I have three amend-
ments to offer from that committee. They do
not amount to much, and I think we can finish
this bill in half an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have two amendments that
will require some explanation. It is very import-
ant to my State that they should bs adopted. I
will do anything to oblige gentlemen, but I assure
them it is not impertinence when I say i must in-
sist now on a motion to adjourn. [" Oh, no."]
Mr. HAYNE. I second the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 36, noes ^1.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. KING. The proposition of the Postmas-
ter General, as I understand, is to supply passen-
gers or the diivers and other parties who attend
these stages over the route with arms. I have
some doubt whether that is the best mode of pro-
tecting the mails; for if there be really danger
from the Indians, it ought to be a military force.
The Senators from Michigan and from Florida
spoke of this matter as if the mail carriers were
under obligations from their contracts to protect
themselves. Some of these contractors, at any
I rate, are constituents of mine, and I feel bound to
| interpose when a proposition of that sort is made
I in reference to the obligation resting upon thpm
[ that they shall be bound to carry out the contract
! and carry the mail across the country, and also
j supply them with the means of defense against
J the public enemy. We had this morning, in this
1 very military appropriation bill, an appropriation
; inserted of over three hundred thousand dollars
j for the protection of citizens of Florida against
I these Indian disturbances, and it was then stated
' that they were not to be expected to pay their
■ own expenses in' suppressing them; and these
contractors ought, in some way satisfactorily to
, the Postmaster General, to be supplied with at
' least safety against the publm enemy: against
Mormons or against the Indians. Thru* egree-
; merit to protect the mails and to give safe'y un-
! questionably commands from them to carry the
