1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2799
mails safely: that is, from private robberies or
any accident 
Mr. POLK. Or bad stages.
Mr. KING. From any accident of that sort, j:
but clearly they aro under no obligation on their ji
part to defend thtmselves against the violence |!
from which the Government design to protect !
them from a common enemy—so that if dangers '
be threatened by enemies, they must either be
protected by the public authorities, or arrange-
ments be made by which they shall be relieved
from the obligation to carry out their contracts.
Of what is best in that matter, the Postmaster
General is probably the best judge. * I, hearing
then that it was from him, was disposed to accede
to the proposition to furnish these people, if they
supposed they could transport these mails across
the country, and with their own people, who were
rather numerous, protect the mails with arms.
I have no idea that the object with them, as the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has indi-
cated, is to procure them in such a manner as that
the passengers shall keep them, but my impres-
sion is the amendment proposed by the chairman
of the Committee on Military A flairs requires
that they shall give security for the return of these
arms to the Post Office Department. That far we
merely furnish them with the means of defense
to carry them along;.
Mr. YULEE. It provides for a sale of them.
I prefer the mode now suggested.
Mr. KING. It provides for a sale from the
"War Department to the Post Office Department.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sit.
Mr. KING. It makes the arms the property
of the Post Officc Department, and leaves the con-
tractors to whom they are communicated under
as much responsibility for their return as they ;j
am for the bags, locks, or other property the De- 'I
partment put into their hands. If there be dan- ''
ger from the Indians to these mail transporta-
tions, this mode will protect them from it, and is
naturally the cheapest mode in which the Gov- ij
eminent can protect them. If there be a m <vs- |
sity for this mail, which the contract to carry it ^
of coui^e leaves lis no question about, they must; J
bo prou cted in some way. I felt bound to inter- ,j
pose when I heaid this talk about the obligation 1
they wore under to give protection to the mails. !|
It seems to me the obligation of a citizen is not to l'i
piotect himself from the public enemy, but the ''
Government owes it to him.
Mr. ('LAY. I wish to nut1:? this suggestion
to my fiiend, the Senator fiotn Florida: if his
oi)j"ct is nor, as has been suggestod, to defeat this
at;jf ndnient 
"M r. elALLOilY. I have withdrawn the amend- ; -
in* i:t to 'lie amendment. j'
Air. CLAY. Th'-m i will not moke the speech :
I \v \s going t<> mnl'e. };
The "PRESS DING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fiorn Missis- !
sippi.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays; ,
and they were oidered; and, being taken, resulted j
—yeas 14, nays 26; as follows: '!
YEAS—I\Ies>t*. Brojenek, Fitch, Fitzpatnck. Giocn,
Gwm, Hayno, Houston, Kin<r, 1'ulk, Rice, Sscnv.ud, ^eti-
moiii, Wade, ami Wu^it—1 4. ■'
NAYS—Mivrs. Bell, Benjamin, Hitler, ?>r:?!it, fI;o<vn,
Chandler, Clay, 0)nmmai),("oi,.inn'r, Di.voo, I)u< hrtle. i-'o-
f>euden, Foot, Fo-toi, Hamlin, Hunter. Jolm.-on ofTenne— 1
pee. Kennedy-. Mallory, Peuice, Reid, ^luait, Toomi^
Tiumbull, Wilson, and Yulee—'2(5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Air. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Bom-
mittee on Finance to offer another amendnjent, to ;
insert as a new section:
be it further enacted, Tliat flic r-taiy (TT War be.
find lie ln'i.'iiv, nnt!iwnz<-d to pay, out of tne unexpended
luil i ice or' appinptiAnon for the war debt of the State of |
Ciluonna, made by the la-t section of me actapfnoved A11-
gu-t5j euiitkd *• An act making njipiopnauon Mi the
fciijHHU t of the Aimyfoi tho je.ir ending t!i" 3!'ih of June,
1S">j *' any out-tandnv-r and unpaid bond:> and coupon* j.s-
fvtis'd bv -aid State lor said wai di-bt puoi to the pa^ase of ,
t-uid act, but beaiing date sul^cquont to the J.-raay ot Jan-
uaij, !;-51. Proud-,r', Thai no pavnient -hall in- made lx>-
jond th" unexpended amount of >«id appropnationnow ic-
HWU1U12 in the Trea>my. ]
I will briefly explain the object of the amend- ,
ment. In lc\>4, Congress assumed the war debt,
as it was called, of California, and approornited
$925,000 for defraying that war debt. The act
directed that only the debts winch were aeknowl- ;!
ed^ed by California, and which she had paid up • ;
to"the 1st of January, 1H54, should be paid out of ii
that appropriation. The construction given to
the act was, that when the State of California had
issued a bond for the amount of that debt, she was
considered as having liquidated it or paid it. The
Secretary of War was directed, however, not to
pay any of those war debts which had not been
paid by California, or liquidated by her giving
bond, prior to the 1st of January, 1854. It was
supposed that all those debts had been so liqui-
dated by California at that time. It turned out,
however, that there were a portion of those war
debts, the vouchers of which were in possession
of the parties entitled to them, for which Califor-
nia had not issued her bonds on the'lst of Janu-
ary, 1854. Some of them were issued after that
time, but prior to the passage of the act, which
was in August, 1854. There is now in the Treas-
ury, as I understand, about sixty thousand dol-
lars of the $925,000, which has not been called
for. Some of these bonds were brought into the
War Department, and their payment asked, but
it was refused, because, according to the terms of
the act, no payment could he made except where
the war debt had been liquidated prior to the 1st
of January,1854.
The only difference, then,between these bonds,
which it is proposed now t<> pay out of the un-
expended balance of this appropriation, nnd the
others, is, that in the one case the bonds weie
issued prior to January, 1854; and, in the other
case, they were issued subsequent to January,
1854. It is not perceived that there is any differ-
ence in principle between them. It is not sup-
posed there can be any po°sib!o objection to pay-
mg debts which yrx(Ptjuorl bov o, a re equally entitled i
to be paid, unless it be the apprehension that it !
may diaw after it a laige class of other bonds; to |
be paid, but which do not come within the prin-
ciple of this amendment. So far as 1 know, there
are but $3,000 of that, the payment of which has
been demanded at the Tua^utv, though the an-
propnat'on m the Treasury e.\ce< ds the amount
which has been\apphcd to this purpose by about
^GO,Oii(). I do not know that we can reasonably
expert that it will involve any expenditure other ■
then an amount equivalent to that which is now m
the Tieasury. I know of no subsequent bonds.
1 think one of the Scnateis from California was
under the impression that possibly there mi$:ht be
others that had been issued at a much later date,
but I think he has restricted that conjecture—for
i cannot call it an opinion. He can state for him-
self, however, what the fact is. I understood fiom
the luie Secietary of W ar, the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] not now in his
place, that he thought these'bonds stood on the
same footing with the others. He had the ex-
animation of tile whole subject, for the bonds were
rcquned to be referied to him, and he was to be j
satisfied of them befoie they were paid, and he i
thinks this amendment ou^ht to pass. !
Mr. GWfN. There is a much larger amount I
cf the^e bonds than is covered by the appiopria-
tion m the amendment. The Senator is right m i
legaid m t he uiu xpended balance of appi Oj >• latum i
made in If*'54; but there is a much iarjer .smount
of bonds than the uuvmntof that apniopi lation,
which i^ the dut v of the pmresentatives ot Cahfor- ,
ma to brmgfoj wmd bef uv Congress, and we have
been inst> need !>v our Legislature to do so. The ■
amount of those bonds [ do not at this moment I
recollect. The smq'e1 was i-jfet ied to fir Com- •
mittee on Claims; but they Inn e not repm ted npon
it. It is a much larger amount, thoui;!:, than this
unexpended balance of ."•pproj nation, which 1 1
shall certainly bung forwuid.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 must say, in ve^inl to this ,
proposition, that I am unwohng to go for an
amendment winch, 1 f-iv, will nlediro us to the
payment of the war debt beyond what Congress
intended at the time the appropriation passed. } '
speak from genera! recollection; but, according to
my recollection, the idea was not to pay every !
bond issued by the State of California, but to pay ;
asum in gross; and we placed a certain limitation !
as to the tune within winch those bonds were 1
piesentcd. If wc dmeu t from the conditions of
that act, I fear that there v/iil be a ^reat number ;
of those bonds wb'eh wnjcome vilhm the equity ;
of the case; and L th; refor.-, tor one, cannot vote
for an amendment wiu-h would haw thai effort. >
Air. G WIN. The Senator is entnely mistaken.
The appropriation was made on an exhioit made '
by the comptroller of the State of the exact amount !
of the bonds which it was supposed was due at
that period. The appropriation was not conjec-
tural at all, but was made upon an exhibit of the
State comptroller. The claims were subsequently
audited, and bonds issued by the authority of the
Legislature.
Mr. POLK. What was the war which pro-
duced the djsbt?
Mr. GWIN. The Indian wars of that State;
for some of which subsequent bonds were issued,
for which the State is liable in the same manner
as it is liable for those assumed by Congress.
Nor was the original proposition to take the sum
stated as a lump, as the Senator states; but it was
the actual amount of the indebtedness of the State
of California, for which she had issued bonds.
Subsequently others have been presented and al-
lowed by the State, and will be sent to Congress,
as in all other eases.
Mr. BEN J AM IN. I see no such danger as the
Senator from Virginia seems to anticipate in this
matter. A word or two, I think, will put it in
such an aspect that the Senate will feel that they
can safely vote for the amendment. It is not an
appropriation. It was ascertained that the sum
due at that time to the State of California was
$924,000. The appropriation was made for the
ehtire sum, and vouchers were to be furnished,
showing the payment. At the time the law was
passed it was anticipated that the money would be
sent to California, and there distubuted amongst
the creditors. The creditors, however, preferred
going to California, and, with their vouchers es-
tablishing then* claims, taking the bonds of the
State for the claims there established, and bring-
ing their bonds here and getting payment at
Washington. They preferred, naturally enough,
a claim against the "General Government directly,
to a claim against the State. They wished the
nionty paid U) them, instead of going into the
tieasury of the State.
When the law was parsed providing for the
payment of all the debt which had been paid by
the State or settled by the State, prior to the 1st
of January then next preceding, and amounting
to £>924,000, it was supposed that the holders of
the claims against the State with those vouchers
had all presented them and had received bonds,
and that the debt was therefore fixed. When the
settlement was made at the War Department here,
it was disfovcred that a portion of this debt of
§924,000 had been presented to the State for set-
tlement a month or two after the precise date fixed
in the hill, and tho parties holding the bonds, ex-
actly the same in every respect with the other
bonds, came to the War Department here and
asked for settlement. The War Department, look-
ing at the face of the bonds, said, " this is a pay-
ment made by the State after the 1st of January
last, and, as a matter of precaution, Congress de-
termined that that should be the date fixed for
the liquidation of the different claims against the
State." The consequence is that there remains
$60,000 of the appropriation made for that debt
now in the War Department applicable to these
very bonds, but which sum cannot be paid to the
bondholders until Congress will amend the terms
of the uppi opt lation. Now, this amendment pro-
vides for thus and no more: that the balance stand-
ing m the hands of the Secretary of War be paid
to the holders of! hose bonds, and with two checks
provided: first, that not a dollar shall be paid fi otn
any other than the appropriation as it stands*, and
S( condly, that not a bond shall he received except
bonds issued prior to the dav of the law; so that
it can cany after it no further bonds, no new
emissions by the State, and cannot carry a dollar
out of the Treasury. It will be manifestly unjust
and improper, because it did so happen that some
of those vouchers wore presented a week or two
after the other vouchers, and bccause, as a meas-
ure of piecaution, we then fixed a particular date
for the bonds, now that the matter is fully devel-
oped, when it is found that there arc other cred-
itors entitled to this balance remaining in the
Treasury, to refuse to pay them, or amend the
law which made the appropriation, so as to ena-
ble them to receive the amount due them under
the money appropriated, and another class pro-
vided for.
Mr. FESS^NDEN. I wish to osk the Sena-
tor from Louisiana to explain a difficulty which
exists in my imnd in refeicnce to this matter.
This debt, as I understand it, in the first place
