THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1858.
New Series....No. 44.
'■ Question. Nor foi their benefit'
"Jiinswer. Nor for their benefit} either directly 01 indi
yeetly.
u Question. Nor in satisfaction of pievious arrangements
or promises i
lc Jlrvswer. Nor m satisfaction of previous arrangements
or promises."
Now, in the question and answer which follow,
I say there is an admission, by implication, that
he did receive money:
" Question. Did you receive any securities at any time
during the month of March last, to the amount of $30,000,
atone time ?
"Jlnswer. Not for any purpose of that sort."
Now comes up the rights of the individual; now
comes up the question between the Congress of
the United States and the individual citizen of this
country, as to their respective rights:
" Question. Did you ever for any pus po^e ?
" JJnstber. Wei), that would be amattei of stu'etly private
business ; I did not for the purpose of influencing members
of Congress, or their agents."
Having acknowledged that he did receive this
$30,000, and having denied that it had been, in any
form or shape, either directly or indirectly, used
for the purpose of-influencing the legislation of
Congress upon the tariff, or upon any other sub-
ject before Congress—having denied that it had
any connection with the Federal Government, it
was all the answer you could require of him.
Now, sir, I do not know whether this gentleman
is a lawyer or a physician. I do not know whether
he comes within the pale of privileges. I do not
know whether he has professional pretensions or
not; but I tell you that thrrc is a law equal to the
common law—the law of honor, sir, of honesty and
justice—a law which gives every man the right
to take care of himself. If he has trespassed upon
the criminal law, he is answeiable to that. If he
has made obligations which he has not discharged,
the law will require him to discharge them. Rut
that there is any process of law by which a man
may be compelled to disclose his own private rela-
tions, I will even deny.
Mr. Speaker, when upon oath this witness
purges himself of contempt, your jurisdiction is
gone; you cannot lay your hands upon him; you
have no more power than the courts of law have.
The power which you can exercise is a legal one,
and you cannot make it more. If you compel him
to answer further than he has answered, it would
be tyranny. This committee was instituted for
the purpose of investigating fraud. So conscious
am I of my own integrity that I am slow to charge
, fraud upon others. Men are ruled by their dispo-
sitions. Some are well disposed, and some are
evil disposed. The spirit of good and the spirit
of evil rules the world. [Laughter.] I choose to
belong to the spirit of good. [Laughter ] That
very spirit of good would make me hate vice,
fraud, and crime, in every shape.
It has got to be a sort of fashion here to get up
investigating committees on every subject. We
have had investigating committees on our own
members and our own officers. The other day an
investigating committee was appointed on the late
Doorkeeper. Now one has been appointed on the
present Doorkeeper. It is aRowland for an Oliver.
{Laughter.j You have an investigating committee •
on the late Clerk, and I have not the least doubtj
that Mr. Alien may look out for an investigating j
committee upon him. [Laughter.] We have in ,
consequcnce these sort of scenes—that Side of the
House is arrayed against this, and this against
that. What is the efieet' It is anything but cred- '
itable, and ought notgentlemen to be ashamed of
themselves, when we come to look at the matter
in serious soberness? [Laughter.] .
Now, for the lack of something better to do, ,
we must have a poor, unfortunate devil brought (
here, and the alternative presented to him either j
to divulge his private business or to <*o into im- !
prisonmont. He must tell about $30,000 received :
from Lawrence, Stone So Co., when, by his an-
swer, as every lawyer must know, he has ousted |
this House from propounding any further inter-
rogatory. He has purged himself of contempt.
The jurisdiction to which he was confined was
the fraud and bribery and corruption of members
44
and of outside persons in regard to the legislation
of Congress; and when he declares, on his oath,
that no money he ever received was intended to
be applied to such a purpose, then the jurisdiction
of the Hous-e ceases. That is the principle in ref-
erence to every court at common law. It is the
principle in reference to every tribunal where jus-
tice is attempted to be enforced. You propose to
go further. The chairman of a committee puts his
opinion against the opinion of a contumacious wit-
ness. The witness does not disclaim, as I under-
stand, that he received the money; but he does
disclaim that he received it for any purpose con-
nected with the jurisdiction of the House. What
would you think of a court which, when a man
was brought before it, would not listen to Ins affi-
davit and sworn protest? Is this House to say
to this witness, "We have had a spite against
you, and we must satisfy it?'5
My friend from Ohio wishes to incarcerate this
man because he has declined to answer questions
concerning his own private business, and uncon-
nected with the jurisdiction and the purposes of
the investigation instituted by this House. It will
not do for gentlemen to say that the witness has
put his opinion against the opinion of the House;
but in such a case he has the right to do so. If
we were to compel a man, who has fairly an-
swered all questions within the jurisdiction of the
law, to divulge sacred matters of private business
and confidential relations of the strictest character,
then,indeed, we would be deserving of the scorn
and contempt and anathema of every honest and
patriotic citizen,
Mr. MOORE obtained the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman yield to
me, that I may send up an amendment to be read
for information ?
Mr. MOORE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. Hugiies's amendment was read, as follows:
Whereas, John W. Woleott, a witness duly summoned
hefoie a select committer of tin-; House, has appeared be-
fore snid committee, and tefused lo anMvei and te>lify con-
cerning math'if. ponding hefote said '•omnuitec . Theiefoie,
Tiptnlml, That the rfpcakei of the be requested
to eeitifythefacts to the propel <ji*tuct attorney of the Uni-
ted State*, accotdnig lo tlie r-iaiute m such ease piovided.
Mr. MOORE. I know that the House must
be already fatigued 
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Alabama whether he gives way for
the purpose of having that amendment offered ;
Mr. MOORE. No, sir; merely to allow it to
be read.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
not allow it to be offered as an amendment.
Mr. MOOK.E. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Seward"] asked several times why it was
that the eomnnttechad not asked the witness what
he did with the money r Again y nd again was the
witness asked whether he received the mon^y;
and no direct response was given to that question:
and it will be seen from the report that again and
again he answered it evasively. W!ipp ho was
asked whether he had received the money which
we had traced to his hands, lie answered that he
had received it for no such purpose as to influ-
ence the legislation of Congress. But the direct
question whether he received the money, traced
to his hands by other testimony, he directly and
positively refused to answer. 1 cannot believe
that there is a member on tins floor who will hesi-
tate for a moment to eorne to the conclusion that
this question was a pertinent, legal, and proper
question. It he answered in the affirmative, the
question would be followed by other questions.
-But unless tins question be answered, the com-
mittee might as well suspend any further attempt
or effort to elicit truth in this case, or to ferret out
fiaud, if fiaud there he.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. T agree en-
tirely with the gentleman from Alabama,'thatfhis
was a proper question, and that the answer of
the witness was not only an evasion but a volun-
teer statement. JJut 1 wish to inquire whether
the witness did not distinctly refuse to answer
the question 3
Mr. MOORE. Most positively he did. Ke
came in this morning with a written plea, in which
he steadily refuses to answer, denying the perti-
nency of the question, and claiming that it was
an inquiry into his private affairs.
Now, $lr. Speaker, there is not a member on
this floor, acquainted with the simplest rules of
evidence in courts of lav/, who does not know that
this furnishes no excuse. It is no excuse for a
witness wlifc refuses to answer a question to say
that ho cannot do so without betraying private
confidence, or that it relates to his social transac-
tions, as this witness says the questions pro-
pounded to him does. Even in a criminal case it
is no excuse for a witness who refuses to answer
to say that the question relates to a communica-
tion made to him in confidence.
This has been decided over and over again, and
is laid down in all the elementary works. Arad
I say, then, that-unless it is the will of the House
to clothe the committee with all legal power to
ferret out this matter and to bring to light this
fraudulent transaction, if there be a fraud, it
should repeal the resolution under which the com-
mittee. acts, and close the investigation here. I
say, for one, Mr. Speaker, that unless the House
sustains the committee in its efforts to bring to
lightthese transactions, I shall ask to be excused
from serving any longer as a member of the com-
nnUer, ft is an unpleasant position, at best. -I
will say for the rest of the committee as for my-
self, that we have endeavored diligently to bring
the matter to light, considering it due to the repu-
tation of the House, and due to the country, that
this transaction, so publicly brought to view,
should be investigated and the truth elicited.
And I ask that, if the committee be not sustained
in its efforts, I may be excused from further ser-
vice on that committee, and some other member
put in my place. I would suggest the honorable
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seward] as my
successor. But, believing that this House will
sustain the action of the committee in the course
it has thus far taken, and believing that the House
has already grown weary of the subject, I move
the previous question.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am very
anxious that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
SicKLRf.] may have-an opportunity of submitting1
his amendment to the House. Let it be submitted,
and then let us have the previous question.
Mr. MOORE. I withdraw the call for the
Then I offer the following
previous question.
Mr. SICKLES.
amendment:
Revolved, That the witness he again subponaed to appear
bcioic tin; committer, and that the mterrogatojy in ques-
tion be Again propounded to him by the committee, and if
he fhali not then answer the tame direct!} and fully, that
the s^pcakri, on the report of said committee lo that elfect,
it-mo his wan ant ior the arie-t of the witness, and that he
forthwith be luought before the Hou^e, to show cau e why
he should not be punched for contempt.
Mr. GOOCH took the floor.
Mr. MOORE. The witness has been already
j induced lor three days, and still he persists m
not answering the question. I move the previous
| question.
| 'file SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
! gentleman from Alabama as withdrawing the de-
! lYiai.d for the previous question, and recognized
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 do not desire at this momentto
discuss the propriety of the question propounded
to the witness, or the sufficiency of the answer.
It seems to me that the proceedings which we
have already had on this question fully demon-
strate to us that we are not at this moment pre-
pared to decide it. It is a question which, if we
decide at all, we are to decide as judges, and we
can only decide it with a full knowledge of all the
facts. Now, I would ask if there is any man in
the House who can say that he has fully consid
eretl the answer given by the witness, and that
he is prepared to pronounce it insufficient?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 say it.
