1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
eral, to which I have previously alluded. As I
was about to state, the additional amount of money
which the deputy surveyors probably charged,
over and above that allowed by law, increased
their pay for each mile surveyed to I think about
twenty-five dollars. I stated yesterday that I
thought the amount of money paid for the surveys
in California had reached the sum of twenty-five
dollars a mile. The Senator from California cor-
rected me, by stating that he thought fifteen dollars
was the whole amountallnwcd under the law; and
thus far I stand corrected, as I have no doubt he
knows what the provisions of the law are on that
subject. But the additional sum has been charged
as-well to settlers 011 the public lands as to private
claimants, as will appear from the papers trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office by the surveyor general. He proposes to
increase the pay for the deputies in the field and
for office woik, and says:
(l As the bc5t ami cleaiest method of presenting my views
to the logi^lanon which is required to meet the necessi-
ties of the Fiihioet, f have taken the libeity of placing them
before the Depaitmcnt 111 the form of the accompanying
* bill,5 marked * B.' "
From that proposed bill I read:
"That for making the surveys of the confirmed piivate
land claims in California, the surveyor gencial be, and he
is hereby, auih rlzed to pay  iiH) sum as iie may deem
reasonable, aecoidins to the cncuinstances connected with
oach c ise, not exceeding at the tate of twenty five doiiais
for each mile of the boundary lines of any claim, and also
for sUv-h lines as may necessarily bo lun and marked or
ineaMJicd, in order to connect the lines of such claim with
those of the adjacent public. buiveys."
In the next section he proposes to allow a dep-
uty the liberty to take testimony in relation to the
boundary lines:
" And as compensation for so doing, the sin vcvor general
shall allow linn such a sum as may be deemed reasonable,
not exceeding ton doiiais pei day, for the time neccssanly !
so employed, and not moie than fifty dollats m any one i
case." j
This is the proposition made by the surveyor j
general, as being necessary in order to secure for
the deputies the amount of compensation neces-
sary to justify them, in performing this work. He
goes on to explain:
" The present price allowed for smvoying the claims al-
luded to, i? pueh that it is almost impooMble to pioeuie com-
petent deputies to execute the woik. Hence the present
Mate of uncenatnty a-> to the lines winch are to separate the
piivate claim?, fiom the public domain will have to con-
tinue, imlf^ the additional sum^ icqui'-ite to compensate
the deputies for then time and labor, shall be paid them by
the confirmees.55
He then discards the propriety of calling on the
claimants to pay the surveyors who establish the !
boundaries to their claims, and adds: j
Tu many casus fhe piopo-sed maximum would not be j
more than a ju-u allowance for the execution of the field ;
work."
The proposed maximum is twenty-five dollars
per mile, with the additional sum of ten doliarsa
day for taking testimony. Pie says that tins max-
imum amount in many cases would not be more
than sufficient to pay for the field work, requiring
additional poyfut tin- oilice woik, thatis, making :
out in regular form the plats and field-notes, de-
lineating streams, mountains, lakes, timber, and
prairie.
Then in the ofher report which I have just read,
we learn that the same system of deputies charging
settlers additional compensation has been author-
ized or approved by the surveyor general. If they
were confined to the maximum which he suggests
as a proper compensation to be paid, twenty-five !
dollars a mile, with the additional sum of ten dol- 1
lars a day for taking testimony, it would seem,
if the law only allows them fifteen dollars a mile
now, that they have already received ten dollars
a mile for this work in addition.
Now, I undertake to say that ten dollars a mile
with the additional sum of ten dollars a day for
taking testimony is sufficient to pay for this work.
I know there originally was, and still is, a dispar-
ity between the price of work in California and
in my own State; but a large amount of the field
work done in Iowa, as well as the necessary of-
fice work to make the surveys complete, has, I
think, been done for $3 75 per mile for sectioniz-
ing, and six dollars a mile for surveying township
and meridian lines. In this case, it appears from
the papers, that these men have been paid by the
people of California for the work they have done,
at the rate, probably, of ten dollars a mile in ad-
dition to their regutarpay; that js, if they did not
in thesfe p'r'ivate charges go'beyond the maximum
amount proposed by the surveyor general to be
allowed hereafter by law.
Then, sir, the appeal of my colleague to the
sympathy of Senators to pay the poor deputies is
misplaced; and I„may as well remark here, that
he and I differ in our practical knowledge in this
respect, He has been surveyor general; I have
acted as deputy. He understands, perhaps, the
office work in the surveyor general's office; I
know how to run, measure, and mark the lines,
and make returns; and, having performed work
of this kind, I know what the character of my
contracts received from his office were*, I know
what the limits were on those contracts as to
time and amount; and, having seen the contracts
of other deputies in the field, I know what the
policy has been in relation to the work in that
part of the country. I know not what my col-
league may have done as surveyor general. I
know what his immediate successor has done as
surveyor general. I know that he did, in all the
cases of which I have had personal knowledge,
limit the work specifically as to amountand lime,
whenever the nature of the work would justify
this limitation; and I know also that he limited,
or professed at least to limit, the number of con-
tracts, as well as the quantity of contracts given
out, to the amount of money appropriated by
Congress.
Then, by agreeing to the proposition which I
make to strike out this clause, wc do not impose
any hardship on these deputies, because, accord-
ing to the showing of their own superior, they
have already probably been paid, and amply paid,
by the private claimants and the settlers on the
public lands that have hitherto been surveyed. I
regard this as a swindling operation from the be-
ginning to the end; and the Senate is now called
on by a solemn vote to justify it, and pay this
enormous amountof money for work which Con-
giess never authorized, and that, too, in the face
of the conclusive argument of the Senator from
Louisiana. According to his argument, if they
are entitled to further pay for this work, their right
is merely the right of a private claimant, who has
performed work without authority of law, and
comes to Congress on the equity of the case. Let
these men come in that way, and Congress doubt-
less will allow the claim,after they shall have been
satisfied that these parties have not hitherto been
naid, and that the work has been properly done,
and done at proper prices.
Now, sir, in connection with this matter I de-
sire to state another section of the history of the
surveys in Iowa. It is a very easy matter for a
deputy in fhe field, if winked at by his superior,
the surveyor general, to make false returns. A
large contract was given out in Iowa at one time
to a deputy surveyor, who went to the field,as it
is said, took a general survey of the county, it
being principally a prairie country, a sufficient
personal view to be able to delineate wiih tolera-
ble accuracy the position of streams and groves,
and timbei and praitie lands, and then he made
out regular plats of his woik, without ever run-
ning with his compass or measuring a single line.
According to the formulas provided by the sur-
veyor gereral, he made his return to thesurveyor
general's office; and there the fraud in that case
was detected in this way: the apparent extreme
accuracy of the work aroused the suspicions of
the chief clerk. He thought it would be impos-
sible for the surveyor in the field to make his
closings with such accuracy m the perfuimance
of his work. His work, as delineated by the pen,
was too well done; and a deputy sent to the field
discovered that a great fraud had been attempted
to be practiced on the Government of the United
States.
I have been told here, I know not with how
much truth, that this surveyor general, as has
been often the case with such officers, is not a
practical'surveyor; that he is a mere civil officer,
perhaps honest, but without that professional
knowledge which would enable him to decipher
the probable honesty of the woik which was re-
ported to have been done by these deputies. Now,
with a personal knowledge of what has been at-
tempted to be done hitherto, and probably with
success, where the superior is not himself a prac-
tical surveyor, I think it probable that a large
amount of this work, which has been returned to
the surveyor general, and by^ him to the Com-
missioned of the General Laud Office, has "never
been performed. It may be said that the sur-
veyor general had authority to send out special
deputies to examine the work, but Chat Is mere
moonshine. Any man who has executed a su***
veying contract for the General Government, as
difficult work as this purports to have been, knows
that no deputy 'ever did examine that work. He"
may have gone to each district,and seen that some
of the work was done, but he never could have
examined so as to know that it was all done, and
properly done. He may have seen that some of
the lines were run; that some of the corners were
established; that some of the monuments were put
up, and properly put up; but he never could know,
by a .personal examination short of that which
would almost enable him to perform the work, in
person, that it had been done.
Why, sir, these surveys are made, in the first
place in large sections; that is to say, in scopesof
country six miles square. The monuments are a
mile apart; and even in a prairie country, in order
to find these monuments, a man must have his
compass, he must have his chain, and his flag-
man, and his chain-man, and he must run the lines
in order to find the corners. A man cannot know
that this work has been done short of the per-
formance of an immense amount of labor that
never can be performed for three percent, on the
amount of the contract. Hence, although there
have been special deputies appointed, and prop-
erly appointed, I doubt not, we cannot know,
from the state of the papers now before Congress,
that this work has ever been done; and if it has
been done, the probabilities are, from the show-
ings here made by their superiors in office, that
they have been paid by the people of California
as much as the work is worth; and no injury can
result to these men by requiring them to submit
their claims to that kind of critical examination
proposed by the Senator from Louisiana, in rela-
tion to other claimants, who were originally
intended by the House of Representatives to be
included within this bill.
An attempt has been*nade to show a marked
distinction between this case and that to which
I have just alluded, where the Senate, I believe,
has refused to allow the claim; but there is none
in principle. The claim which the Senate refused
to allow was for money paid out, as is stated,
without authority of law; and the officer paying
out that money comes to Congress and asks tiiem,
in a general deficiency bill, to refund the money
so paid by him, under a resolution of the House
of Representatives. In this case the money has
not been paid out, but a surveyor general has
agreed to pay it. He has made a contract to pay
the money; and without having advanced it him-
self, proposes that Congress shall make the ap-
propriation necessary to cover it, although Con-
gress originally intended to limit the quantity of
this work to be performed to that which could be
secured by tho payment of $50,000.
Mr. GWIN. I should like the Senator from
Iowa to give the authority on which he states
that Colonel Hays is a mere civilian, and not a
practical surveyor.
Mr. HARLAN. I have heard it stated here.
Mr. GWIN. Then the gentleman has heard
what is a positive falsehood.
Mr. HARLAN. I stand corrected.
Mr. GWIN. He is a practical surveyor, and
was for years engaged in surveying in Texas be-
fore he went to California. When a man is absent,
and his character is to be assailed, as the late sur-
veyor general of California has been assailed by
the Senator 
Mr. HARLAN. I disclaim having assailed the
character of Colonel Hays. I said distinctly, in
the remarks I have just made, that I knew noth-
ing of his character as a man of integrity, and
hence had nothing to say as to it, one way or the
other. This is a case where an officer of the Gov-
ernment has agreed to pay out money without
law, and comes to Congress and proposes that
Congress shall appropriate the necessary sum to
meet these contracts.
Mr. GWIN. Colonel Hays is not before Con-
gress; he has not come before Congress in respect
to this matter at all. This appropriation in the
bill is based on an estimate presented by the In-
terior Department. The Senator has repeated,
again and again, that these claims have not been
examined ai the office of the Commissioner of the
GenerarLand Office. Whether thai is stected in
