690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. GOOClt. How can any member who has
only heard the answer read once or twice by the
Clerk, be prepared to pass on every part and por-
tion of it? Is it to be presumed that a majority
of the House are prepared to say that they have
fully considered the question, and are ready to
pass upon it as judges? It seems to me that we
are not in a condition to decide this question now,
and that the matter should be postponed till some
hour to-morrow, so that each member may have
an opportunity of reading and fully considering
the question and answer, and of deciding for him-
self as to the propriety of the one and the suffi-
ciency of the other.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question ? *
Mr. GOOCH. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish simply to ask if there
is a single member of this House who is not con-
vinced that that answer is a mere shuffling eva-
sion of the whole thing; and are we to postpone
a matter so simple till to-morrow, and then spend
another day in its discussion ? If the witness re-
ceived the $30,000, it is no great hardship for him
to tell what he did with it.
Mr. GOOCH. I only yielded for an interrog-
atory, not for a speech. The gentleman from
Ilinoissays it is a matter of slight consequence to
the witness. I do not consider it a matter of
slight consequence for a citizen to be arrested and
brought before the bar of the House—and that,
too, before the House has had full time to decide
whether or not the question propounded is proper,
or the answer that has been given sufficient.
I say that we, as judges, cannot decide the
question as wo should decide it, without a full
knowledge of the facts.
It seems to me there is another question in con-
nection with this matter. That question is this:
Is it a contempt of this House for a witness to re-
fuse to answer a question before a committee? It
seems to me that, neither by parliamentary law
nor by statute, is it a contempt of the House for a
witness to refuse to answer a question propounded
by a committee. It is the duty of the committee to
report the matter to the House; and it is for the
House to pass upon the propriety of the question
and the sufficiency of (he answer; and when the
House shall have decided that the witness shall
answer the question, or that the answer given is
insufficient, then it is for the committee to call the
witness again before it; and, if he again refuse
to answer, after having been informed of the de-
cision of the House, his refusal is a contempt of
the House; and he should then be brought be-
fore the bar of the House, in order that he may
there give the reason why he has not answered
the question. The committee is in session at
hours when the House is not in session; and, it
seems to me, that the only safe rule which we can
adopt is, that when a witness refuses to answer
a question before a committee, the fact shall be
reported to the House, and the House shall decide
whether or not the question is a proper one. If
the House decide that the question is n proper
one, and the witness, on being again brought he-,
fore the committee, still refuse to answer, then it
is unquestionably a contempt of the House. But,
it seems to me, there can be no contempt of the
House before that. Can there be a contempt of
a court of law, in refusing to answer a question,
before the court itself has decided that the witness
shall answer? Now, we, and not the committee,
are the parties to determine this matter; and there
can be no contempt of the House until the House
shall have decided that question for itself.
Mr. BOWIE. Do I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts to say that the refusal of a
witness to answer a question asked by a commit-
tee of the House is not a contempt of the House,
because it is only a contempt of a committee?
Does he not consider that a committee of this
House is an emanation from the House, desig-
nated for useful purposes ?
Mr. GOOCH. I will answer the question of
the gentleman from Maryland by saying that I am
informed by a gentleman near me that the House
has decided that a refusal to answer a question
asked by a committee is a contempt of the House.
If it has been so decided, of course I yield to the
decision. But if we were now to establish a prece-
dent, if we were now to settle the question whether
or not a refusal to answer questions asked by a
committee is a contempt of the House, I should
say that I hoped the House would not come to the
decision suggested, but to the opposite decision.
I believe in protecting the rights of citizens. I
would not assume that the refusal of a witness to
answer a question asked by a committee is a con-
tempt of the House; because I think that the wit-
ness should have the right of appeal from the de-
cision of the committee to the House. The witness
may well say to the committee, " I refuse to an-
swer your question; but if the House decide that
it shall be answered, then I will bow to the decis-
ion, and will be ready to answer the question."
Mr. ADRAIN. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to make a motion?
Mr. GOOCH. Yes, if it is a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ADRAIN, It is perfectly apparent that
the House is not ready to decide this question.
1 am not; the gentleman from Massachusetts is
not; and he speaks for many on this floor. There-
fore, I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion, and let us dispose of this
matter.
Mr. SEWARD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. GOOCH. I was saying that, if we were
now to establish a precedent in this matter, we
should give it such time and attention that we
shall be willing hereafter to abide by the decision
which we shall make in this case. I think that,
if the matter were fully discussed and considered,
it is more than probable that the House would
come to the conclusion that we can decide this
matter properly only by first taking up the ques-
tion propounded by the committee, and consid-
ering whether it be proper or not; and if we come
to the conclusion that the question is a proper one,
then consider the answer which the witness has
given; and if we decide that the answer is not suf-
ficient, direct the witness, through the committee,
to answer further; and, if he then refuse, bring
him before the House to answerfor his contempt.
It seems to me that we are in more danger of
sacrificing the dignity of this House by moving
hastily and inconsiderately in this matter, than we
are by taking the tune necessary for us duly to
consider the question. When we have fully con-
sidered this question, we can then so decide it as
to establish a precedent by which we shall be will-
ing to abide. As I promised the gentleman fiom
Alabama, I renew the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
The question recurred upon the following amend-
ment to the resolution of the committee:
Retired, That the witness he again <=ubp«naed to appear
beloiu the committor, and that the interrogatory m quotum
bo again piopoimded to bun hy the commutes; and u he
shall not then answer the same directly and fully, that the
Speaker, upon leport ot said committee to thai erlec-t, issue
Iiis> warrant  oi this at i est of the witness, and that he be forth-
with brought heiore the House, to bhow cause why hebhould
not be punched lor contempt.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I hope that will not pass.
Mr. STANTON. The witness has had time.
He has consulted counsel. He has uniformly
declined to answer the question.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays on the lesolufion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider, be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Then, on motion of Mr. HALL, of Ohio, the
House (at ten minutes past four o'clock) ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 12, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bv Rev. Samuel Register.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
The SPEAKER reported to the House that the
Sergeant-at-Arms made the following return, in
reference to a resolution adopted yesterday:
In obedience to the written wairant, I arrested the within
named John W. Wolcott at Ins lodgings in this city (at
Willards' Hotel) this 11th day of February, 1858
And now, February 12,1858,1 produce the within named
John W. Wolcott in person, at the bar of the House of
Representatives to answer as within ordered.
A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
Sergeant-at-Jh'ms, Ho. of Reps, (J. $.
To Hon. James L. Orr, Speaker of the House of Represent-
alives.
The warrant of the Speaker is as follows:
By authority of the House of Representatives of the United
States.
To A. J. Glossbrenner, Sergeant-at*Arm$ of the House
of Representatives:
You aie hereby commanded to arrest John W. Wolcott
wheresoever he may be found, and have his body at the bar of
the House forthwith, to answer as for a contempt m refus-
ing to answer a proper and competent question propounded
to hiurby a select committee of the House of Represent-
atives, in pursuance of the authority conferred by the House
upon said committee.
Witness my hand and the seal of the House of Repre-
r _ -jscntatives of the United States, at the city of Wash-
L ington, this 11th day gf February, 1858.
JAMES 11. OKU, Speaker,
Attest: J. C. Allen, Clerk.
Mr. STANTON. I move the adoption of the
following resolution:
R.esolved, That John W. Wolcott be now arraigned at the
bar of the House, and that the Speaker propound to him the
following interrogatories:
Question. What excuse have you for refusing to answer
the question propounded to you by the selcct committee of
this House, before whom you were summoned to appear, as
to whether you had received any sum of money hom Lavv-
lence, Stoue &. Oo. sometime in Maich, 1S57 ?
Question. Are you now ready to an&wer that, and all
proper question's which may be propounded to you by that
committee ?
And that said John W. Wolcott be required to answer the
same in wilting, and under oath.
Air. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, the practice of
the House in these cases is so well known, that
there is no occasion for further discussion. 1 call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and the resolution,
under the operation thereof, was adopted.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared before the bar
of the House and announced, that in obedience to
the order of the House, he piesented John W.
Wolcott in person. *
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Wolcott.) I have
been instructed by the House of Representatives
to propound to you certain interrogatories.
The Speaker then read the questions of the res-
olution just adopted.
The written answers of the witness were sworn
to before the Speaker,and were read, as follows:
Mi. Speaker, and gentlemen of the House of Repre«enta-
attves: I am m yom presence, in obedience to an oniei of
the Hoube of ye.-terday, to answer for a contempt allowed
to have been committed by me in declining to answer oth-
erwise than I did a ceitam question piopoimded to me hy
your committee.
Aiming the House, as T do, m all sincerity, that I did not
de.-tgn, noi suppose that f could be thoughtgtnity of, acon-
temptot the lloineoroi its committee, I respectfully request
of the Hoine to give me time uniil Monday to puige my*Hf
of the alleged contempt, and to place my conduct in this par-
tieulai fairly and fully before your honorable body. To do
thi-) I need the assistance of counsel; and the indi-po^mon
of iny senior counsel, together with a piessnig engagement
in the Supreme Couit ot the United States, he ha* as.-ured
me will lendei it impossible lor him to anbid unv pioiVs-
bmiial aid thif week.
I hop«, as a eiti7.cn of our common countiy, never before
charged with violating any law, and conscious of no in-
tended offense to the House or us auihouty. and believing
that I wit] he able to justify myself in the well cousiileic-d
judgment of this Ilous-e if the time asked i* allowed me, that
the indulgence now lespecttully asked will be granted
J. W. WOLCOTT.
Subscribed and sworn to before roe, Februaty 12, 1858.
JAMES L. ORR, Speaket.
Mr. STANTON'. I move that the witness have
until one o'clock on Monday to make hisanswer
to the interrogatories propounded, and that mean-
time he be recommitted to the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, and have the benefit of counscl in
preparing his answers.
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. It is, perhaps, an
ungracious task to interpose objection to a request
for delay, and they must certainly be very remark-
able circumstances which would authorize or im-
pel any gentleman to rise in his place to make such
an objection. But under well-considered reflection
upon'the circumstances which surround this case,
and those which have preceded the introduction
of the witness here this morning, I cannot remain
quiet without entering my protest against this de-
lay. If there were reason for it, I should be among
