2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
was a debt,of the State of California to a certain
class of creditors. Those creditors wished to be
paid at the Treasury of the United States, instead
of going into California and being paid in Cali-
fornia from her treasury. That is all very well,
provided California agreed to it. If California
did not agree, they had no right to do it; because
if she did not agree to it, California 'might well
say, " You have done it without our consent; we
did not authorize it, and we ask you to pay us."
I understand California did agree to it through
certain commissioners.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; California
agreed on special terms to that law, and of course,
agreed to nothing else; that is to say, that all the
bonds which were dated before a certain time, or
a certain period, should be paid in that way. The
appropriation was made, and when the time ex-
pired there remained a balance in the Treasury
unexhausted by the bonds which bore the given
date. Then the balance remaining in the Treas-
ury not applied, belongs to California necessa-
rily, because it is the rest of the debt. Have we
the consent of California to appropriate that bal-
ance to the payment of bonds issued after that
date ? If so, perhaps it may be done safely. I da
not say but that it may. If we do not have the
consent of California to the alteration of the law
taking a portion of that balance and applying it
to bonds after that date, though it may be equit-
able so far as the creditors are concerned, yet
California can turn around upon us and say you
had no right to pay this balance; itbelonged to us.
Mr. HAYNE. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope-my friend will per-
mit me to answer the question, and I will yield to
him after having answered the question of my
friend from Maine.
Mr. HAYNE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Maine
is right in some of his statements, but is not fully
advised as to the whole matter. The State of Cal-
ifornia did consent that the payment should be
made at the Treasury here, and for that purpose
sent commissioners charged with the examination
of claims against the Treasury here, and with full
powers to designate those claims which the Slate
of California consented to have paid. Those com-
missioners did approve of those bonds, and wanted
them paid; but the Secretary of War, looking at
the words of the law, declined paying unless Con-
gress should amend the appropriation law. The
Senator from Mississippi, the present chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, was then
the Secretary of War. He required ail amendment
to the appropriation act, because he said, " al-
though this debt is due evidently to these parties,
although here is an appropriation to pay them,
although California consents to the payment, yet
Congress has told me to require proof that the
debt was settled by the State ot' California prior
to the 1st of Januaiy before T paid it." Now, sir,
in regard to the suggestion that California may
come back and make this claim over again, I
think every Senator will see, on reflection, there
is nothing in that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
meet the difficulty I suggested. Perhaps he did
not understand my question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think, if the Senator will
let me finish, he will find that I shall meet all he
suggests.
Mr, FESSENDEN. In order to let him do so,
I wish to show the extent of the difficulty, and
then he can answer the whole. It is this: were
these commissioners authorized to give assent to
that law? Of course it must have been to that
extent. The law, as it passed, had a limitation.
What evidence is there that the commissioners
had any authority from California to assent to the
amendment of that law, extending that law?
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 think, if the Senator will
allow me, he is mistaken as to one important
point. The Senator from Maryland has before
him a short section to an appropriation bill,
which I hope he will read. It is unfortunate that
the honorable Senator from Mississippi is not
present. He explained the whole thing to-day.
He understands it perfectly, and is decidedly in
favor of the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
from Maine, that I did understand the point he
made, thoroughly, and I was going to state this;
the appropriation made was an appropriation
to pay, in behalf of California, her war debt. It
was not an appropriation to pay any'sum of
money to the State of California, for her use; and
consequently, if it be once ascertained to the satis-
faction of the Senate that this is one of the war
debts which Congress intended to pay for that
State, upon what earthly ground could the State
come here afterwards and demand of us to pay
the money toher? It never was intended for her;
itis no appropriation to her; it is an appropriation
to pay the debt that she incurred; butforthe pur-
pose of securing the United States against any
collusion between the State authorities and per-
sons who might come forward with claims after-
wards, it was essentially provided that only the
claims brought forward after that date should be
paid by the United States for the State. Now
the State has no interest at all except in seeing
her debt paid. If this money is paid to these bond-
holders, can California come forward and en-
deavor to deny the propriety of our payment,
when the payment made by us is her bond? In
what way can she ask the Senate of the United
States, or Congress, to make an appropriation
for her? The payment is not for her at all; the
payment is for her creditors; and the best voucher
to show that the payment is appropriated in the
manner in which Congress originally intended,
is the production of the bond which she issued,
and which of course estops her from denying the
validity of the debt, or the propriety of applying
the same.
Mr. HAYNE. I would propose an adjourn-
ment. Many of us have been here ten hours, and
are very much exhausted. When I look around
me I see that more than one third of the Senators
are absent. I confess I am not prepared to vote
upon this amendment now. I wish to consider
this subject. I do not comprehend it. The gen-
tlemen opposed to each other do not seem to com-
pichend it. I therefoie move thab>the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes ten, noes not counted.
Mr. GWIN. A great deal of this debate has
taken place while I was out of the Senate Cham-
ber, and 1 am not as familiar with the remarks
which have been made as other Senators now
present; but I wish to say in connection with this
subject, that this is a debt which is due from the
General Government, according to all the practice
of the Government heretofore, to the State of Cal-
ifornia. She has given her bond to the amount
specified here, and for more, and certainly Cali-
fornia will vet expect to get it paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ci.ay in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 want to say a word on this
question.
Several Senator?. Let us vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is so plain a case that, if the
Senate understood it, there could not be a doubt
about it.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report the following
amendment:
For the payment of claims favorably reported upon by the
board of Army officers appointed under tlie sixth section of
the act approved Augus.1 31, 1852, in their final report to
Congress, dated April 19, 1855, $7,87-2 52.
Mr. POLK. What does that embrace ? I should
like to hear what those claims are that are reported
on favorably.
Mr. BRODERICK. They are those which
have been reported by the board of Army officers
appointed for the purpose of examining and set-
tling the Fremont claims. I believe the whole
amount has been paid but this $7,872. My col-
league is better acquainted with this subject than
I am, and he will explain it.
Mr. GWIN. This is the remnant of the claims
under the reportof the Military Committee. The
Senator from Mississippi [Mr Davis] made the
report on the subject. It is a utrtof the Fremont
claim, on account of which ti.ere was presented
to Congress, at one time, a claim of $149,000,
which was allowed, and at various times various
allowances. The balance, not appropriated for,
is $7,000, which was reported unanimously from
the Committee on Military Affairs. These claims
have been paid for a number of years.
Mr. POLK. I ask if this is not a private claim?
Mr. BRODERICK. It has already passed the
Senate without any opposition from any quarter.
The PRESIDING OFKICER. Does theSen-
ator from Missouri raise.any question of order?
Mr. POLK. No, sir; but 1 think it is a private
claim.
Mr. GWIN. Not at all. They have been ap-
propriated for for many years in the same way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to propose an amendment
to the bill, by inserting the following as an addi-
tional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any
commissioned officer of the Army to administer the pre-
scribed oath of enlistment to reciuits: Provided, There be
no civil magistrate authorized to administer the same within
reach.
I will simply say, Mr. President, that we have
a letter from the Adjutant General, covering a let-
ter from an officer of the Army, in Utah, asking
for this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed, by the same
committee, to offer another amendment, to insert
as a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That every person not subject
to the rules and articles of war who shall procure or entice
a soldier m the service of the United States to desert; or who
shah harbor, conceal, or give employment to a deserter, or
carry him away, or aid m carrying him away, knowing him
to be such ; or who shall purchase from any soldier his arms,
equipmpnts, uniform, clothing, or any part thereof; and any
captain or commanding officer of any ship or vessel, as one
of his crew or otherwise, carrying away any such soldier,
knowing him to have deserted, or shall refuse to d^livei him
up to the orders of his commanding officer, shall, upon legal
conviction, be fined, at the discretion of any court having
cognizance of the same, in any sum not exeeeding $300,
and be imprisoned not exceeding one year.
Mr. FITCH. That is a fugitive-slave law.
Mr. PUGH. I hope that section will not be
put on the bill. This is a bill which, according
to the construction of the laws, will only extend
one year; butthe idea of putting the definition ofa
criminal offense upon an appropriation bill seems
to me carrying it beyond reason. I hope we have
not got so far that we must put all things on an
appropriation bill. I hope the amendment will
be rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I simply wish to say, in
regard to this proposition, that it is but a slight
amendment of the existing law. By the existing
law, carrying away a soldier is punishable, if car-
ried away by an officer of a ship; but any other
person who chooses to do it cannot be punished.
It is evidently an oversight in the law. There
have been trials in the army in Utah for desertion
that have failed on that technical point. The
amendment is recommended by the Department.
The fines are the same. It simply covers the
case of a deserter who has been carried away.
Theamendmentwas not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. WILSON. I submitanotheramendment,
not by the direction of the committee, to insert as
a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That all existing laws, or parts
of law*, which authorize the sale of military sites, which
are, or may become, useless for military purposes, be, and
the same are heieby, repealed.
This is a proposition to repeal all existing laws
authorizing the Secretary of War to sell any forts
or military sites. If he wishes to sell any, let
him come to Congress and ask special authority;
and then Congress can pass such a bill as applies
to the pkr&cular case.
Mr. SrTJART. I should like to hear that
amendment read a?ain.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator desires to re-
tain his amendment in that shape, the land can-
not be sold by the Department at all. The law,
as it now stands, is this: when the Secretary of
War notifies the Secretary of the Interior that he
has no longer any use for a military reservation,
it becomes part of the public domain, and subject
to the laws. This amendment would prevent it.
Mr. REN.TAMIN. This comes back to a prop-
osition I made in the Senate, I think, some three
weeks ago. I have always been dissatisfied that
the power remained in the Secretary of War to
sell these public reservations, because, although
they may not be wanted for military purposes,
they may very frequently be wanted for other
