1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
April 24,
the Land Office report or not, we know it is the
fact, or they would not have sent the estimate
here. If they had not been examined in that office,
•would they have sent here an estimate asking an
appropriation to pay them?
Mr. President, there never was a more unfair
statement made to this body than has been made
by the Senator from Iowa in regard to tills case.
He says the citizens of California have paid the
deputy surveyors for this work, and he quotes
and garbles the public documents to give plausi-
bility to that statement. It is stated by the sur-
veyor general in his report, that in regard to a
few fractional townships in Humboldt county,
a" very heavily timbered country, it being im-
possible to survey it at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per mile, allowed by law, without losing a
large amount of money, the settlers themselves
proposed to give an additional sum to the deputy
surveyor if he would survey those townships; and
why was that done ? There is a law m Califor-
nia, and it pertains to no other State, that the right
of preemption attaches to unsurveyed lands. That
law was passed m 1853. Every settler on public
agricultural lands m California has the right of
preemption, and it is a matter of groat importance
to the settlers in neighboi hoods wheie the lands
are valuable, and the timber abundant and likely
to be destioyed, that they should have the sui veys
made as soon as possible. In certain sections in
the mountain districts, and in the district of Hum-
boldt, to which the Senator refers, whetc a few
fractional townships were surveyed—a very small
portion of the surveys of California, probably
amounting to a few thousand dollars—the settlers
asked the deputy surveyor to survey the lands,
and offered to pay him an additional sum, know-
ing that lie could not, do Uip work for Ins contract
price of fifteen dollars a mile without sustaining
a heavy loss. This was for their pnvMe conve-
nience, that they might know where then* quar-
tcr-section lines lan. He had not been instructed
by the surveyor general in any way whatever on
that point. That was done in 165G, and it does not
pertain to this mailer.
Mr. HARLAN, i ask the Senator if these con-
tracts were not made before
Mr. &W1N. The quotation the Senator makes
is as to surveys that had been paid lor by foitn-r
appropriations, and aic not in this deficiency at
ail.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the Senator if the
woik here indicated was not done under this con-
tract ?
Mr. GWIN. Tt was paid for though under the
appropriations of the previous year. The Senator
doe* not show that u is in part of this deficiency*
or that thoe contracts have not been paid for by
former apnropi lations. He makey a case and says
that, the people of California have paid for this
woik. lie attempt to sustain hi-3 statement by
giviDL' an intone- of a few f:aetional townships
out of the many millions npo>i milho'w of acres
of hinds {hat Lave been surveved by deputy sur-
veyors, wh« re, as a matu r oi'pi u a!e convenience,
the selt'eis had paid an additional \mount.
I must suite in jusuiieaii'O) of niyt>e!f, that I
have n< vr examined these documents. I did not
think the claim would be le.MSted, and ihmefore
I was not.jware of Uns statementm the surveyot
general's report until the Senator read it; but!
know the Humbj'ui count! y. Itis'.J small sec-
tion of counti y, v< i y L \a dy t.mbrrt d, where the
lunW i is of re.it vaiuo, and the parties v, is lied to
know exactly wh^ro then* churns were; and it
seems fiom the statement made by the Senator,
they gave this additional compensation for that
\n\i pose.
l)ut he ?,oes on to say that this is a vast swin-
dling scheme. Sir, that statement is a vile slan-
der—a vde slander upon meritorious men, who
have peiformed service for the Government. Sir,
every paiticle of their work has been examined.
Fjsteen per cent, on the puce of their contiacts
was letanied until the woik wns examined. The
ti'-'o itor i nngs up the case of a crcnt fraud at-
tempted to Ik perpetrated upon the Government
in the State of Iowa. Why, sir, it was because
such frauds were perpetrated that laws have been
pas<« d to piotect the Government against them,
ai.d tiie Department retains a portion of the con-
trnrr pi ice of each one of these contracts. A por-
tion cf tins deficiency, amounting to nearly forty
thousand dollars, consists of the percentage le-
tained until the examining officers, who have
gone over all of this work, ascertained to their
entiresatisfaction thatitwasproperlydone. These
examining officers are meritorious men, who will
compare in character with the Senator himself in
every respect. He says the surveys were proba-
bly not made. Why, sir, these lands have been
surveyed and sectionized, and are now being
offered at public sale, and will bring millions of
dollars into the Treasury of the United States-.
In regard to the private land claims it is well
known that some of these claims are for three,
four, or five hundred acres, and some for ten to
fifty thousand acres; some of them meander along
streams, and surveying them is very expensive
work. You must have chain-carriers, you must
have markers and men to carry the flag, and it is
as expensive to fit out a company to survey one
of these private land claims as it is to survey a
township of land where you run straight lines,
and it is utterly impossible that deputy surveyors
can survey those private land claims at the price
Congress has fixed. Therefore, the claimants,
who"have been suffering for want of titles to land,
and who can get no patents until they are sur-
veyed, and who have been losing thousands and
thousands of dollars, the country being left un-
settled for want of these surveys and their patents,
have agreed to pay out of their own pockets to
have their own land surveyed rather than to de-
lay it until a law could be passed, such as has
been recommended by the surveyor general, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The Senator made along speech upon a bill that
is proposed by the surveyor general, m which it
is provided that the deputy surveyors m Califor-
nia shall have twenty-five dollars a mile for sur-
veymg private land claims. That measure is not
before the Senate. It is to come up in the future.
It is the opinion of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Otli.ce, of the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia, and of the Secretary of the Interior, that in
order to expedite the survey of private land claims
in California, a discretion should be-given to the
surveyor general to increase the present compen-
sation, and that question will be presented for the
consideiation of Congress. The Senator from
Louisiana knows that on taking my seat here at
the last Coii^r^s, I offered a biil for this very
purpose. A mmib-r of these claims have been
; finally decided by being dismissed fiom the Su-
[ promo Courtof the United States, and it is a mat-
j ter of the greatest possible importance to the people
1 of California to have them speedily surveyed, to
' separate the piivate claims from public lands in
j oider that we may know exactly what is public
i and what i.s private property, but it is impossible
I to secure tins at the present rates, and it is pro-
j posed to legislate on that, subject. 1 brought for-
1 ward a bill at the last session, but it u as not con-
sidered. Now the Department comes forward
! and recommends the passage of such a bill,
j Sir, the merits of this whole ease, it seems to
1 me, lie in a nutshell. The surveys have been
made nt legal prices, established by law. There
| is no fraud that can be truthfully charged upon
; any of these officers. I know that every one of
these deputies has suffered losses, and some of
; them probably have lost the whole amount of their
' promts, and even contracts, as their outlays were
j very great, on account of this delay. As to the
sin veyor general, Colon* 1 Hays, there is no more
| hoiust man, and no one living can impeach him
I without attachmgdishonor to the man who calum-
niates him. lie states, in the letter which has
! b"0ri iom! at the desk, that he sent an express to
the' deputies as soon as he had a knowledge of the
! diminution of the appropriation to notify those
i who could suspend tlunr woik without being ru-
ined to do so. " Thus it appears thrfe every pre-
. caution was taken, so far as he and his deputies
1 were concerned, to prevent tins deficiency.
! Air. HUNTER. I rise to ask that we may be
allowed to take the question. We have debated
, tins matter a long time. It is time we were clos-
, mg up the bill if we mean to adjourn in June.
! Unless we pass the appropriation bills, we cannot
; do so.
; Air. IVEUSON. I shall not detain the Senate
i five minutes. I merely desuc to vindicate myself
I from the charge of inconsistency which has been
! iterated and leiterated against those who voted
! for striking out the third section, and who arc
1 going to vote for this appropriation. I do not sec
any such great inconsistency as gentlemen on the
other side seem to think exists. The third sec-
tion of the bill, which was stricken out by the
majority of the Senate with my vote, provides
li That the accounting officers of the Treasury be author-
ized and directed to allow credit to the Cloik of the llou?e
of Representatives for such payments out of its contingent
fund as have been or may be made under allowances au-
thorized by the House of Representatives during the last
Congress."
If the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
acting under a resolution of the House disposing
of its contingent fund, had actually made pay-
ments in good faith under the injunction of that
resolution, and if this section was confined to the
reimbursement of money he had actually paid, he
would have presented a strong claim, and I do not
know but that I should have voted to indemnify
the Clerk for any payment he had actually made
under the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives. I should have demanded proof of the amount
of payment, and of the fact of payment; but this
third section, went much further than that. It goes
not only to indemnify the Clerk for payments ac-
tually made, but it authorizes and justifies pay-
ments to be made hereafter; payments which, in
my opinion, and in the opinionof the majority of
this body, were illegal and highly impioper and
injudicious, and which we ought to arrest if we
have it in our power to arrest them.
That is the reason which controlled my vote in
striking out the third scction; but the appropri-
ation in this bill, which is now proposed to be
stricken out by the Senator from Iowa, in relation
to the survey of public lands in California, pro-
poses simply to pay the amount of liabilities in-
curred by the surveyor general during the fiscal
year ending June 30,1857, over and above that au-
thorized by the regular appropriation of $50,000.
It proposes to appropriate $220,000, to pay the li-
abilities which the surveyor general has incurred
in the survey of the public lands.. Tt does not
propose to pay him anything he has actually paid
out; it is not pretended that he has paid out a
dollar to the deputy surveyors; but he has made
contracts with them in advance of appropriations
made by Congress. That is the simple case.
The question is not whether we will indemnify
the surveyor general, as in the case of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, but whether we
will actually appropriate money to pay for the
work which these men have done, and to pay it
to the persons who have done the work; because,
as to the liability of the surveyor general, that is
merely nominal. He cannot pay ^220,000. No-
body can suppose for a moment that he has the abil-
ity to pay $220,000, to the deputy surveyors and
their employes. His liability, therefore, though it
legally exists, is merely nominal; and if Congress
do not appropriate the money the surveyor gen-
! eial does not lose, but the deputy surveyors and
| the workmen under them. I think it is right that
j we should pay them, although the work has been
■ done in advance of appropriation, and that may
i have been wrong. I do not pretend to justify the
; surveyor general for having made these contracts
i in advance of the appropriation; but he justifies
• or excuses himself, and the fact is, that the work
: has been done; the Government has got the ben-
| efit of the work; and if it had not been done last
year it would be at some future time, and would
cost the Government quite as much hereafter as
heretofore; so that it is the difference betwixt
tweedlc-dum and tweedlc-dee, which, for my life,
I cannot see. You might as well pay now as
hereafter. The work has been done; the Govern-
ment has got the benefit of it; and it is a simple
question whether we will pay the individuals who
have actually done the woik under the authority
of the surveyor general, or refuse to pay them.
I think there is no inconsistency in our action.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire simply to return
my thanks to the Senator from Iowa for his com-
pliment to the demonstration which I made, as he
says, perfectly conclusive that the third section
ought to have been stricken out of the bill; and
at the same time to say that I would accept his
compliment as more sincere if he had voted in
accordance with thafcdemonstration; but, a3 he
voted against it 
Mr. HARLAN. I beg to correct the Senator.
The Journal will show that I voted to strike out
the section.
Air. BENJAMIN. The Journal shows that
the gentleman voted for retaining the section.
