2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
•J
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate to take the question on concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole separately or all together?
Mr. WADS. I wish the fortification amend-
ment to be excepted. I desire to have a separate
vote on that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have a separ-
ate vote on the amendment appropriating $365,000
for volunteers in Florida.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment with regard to military sites, as I desire to
propose a modification of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendments made as in Cummit-
tee of the Whole, excepting the three which have
been mentioned.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole making appropria-
tions for fortifications.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. That amendment was
agreed to in Committee of the Whole by a pretty
large majority, and I suppose it is the sense of !
the Senate that the amendment shall go on the
bill. I desire to inquire whether it would be in
order for me to move an appropriation of the
amount estimated by the Department to be neces-
sary for the repairs of Fort Mackinaw?
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that the hour is late, and I appeal to him
to let us take the sense of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to argue
the question.
Mr. HUNTER. If we commence offering
amendments to this amendment, we shall be led
into a debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the fortification amendment.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Dixon] and myself have paired oil*.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Rayard, Benjamin. Bright, Brodoiick,
ttrown, Cameron, Clay, Oliugman, Oollamer, Douglas,
Fesstimiun, Filch, Foote, Foster, Grew, Houston, Ivf-rsou,
Johnson ot' Arkansas, Kennedy, King, Mallory, Poarcc,
IRiet', Sebastian, ttew.ud, Simmon*, tfhdell, Wilson, ami
Ytilee~>>«>.
NAYS—Molars. Chandler, Crittenden, Doohitlc, Hale,
tlailan, Hunter, ./olinj-oH of Tennessee, t'olk, Stuan,
Toombs, Tuinibnll, and Wade—1:2
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, on which a separate vote was de-
manded, was:
For payment to the volunteers operating in Flomla during
ihe year 1S.Y7, $385,000.
Several Senators. Question! Question!
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know, sir, that the Sen-
ate is very impatient, and that when motions ate
made to adjourn they are voted down, and the
persons voting them down are very much in (he
nubit of crying" question,"and seem determined
to force this bill through now, after a long and
Srotracted session of some nine or ton hours.
fotwithstanding that is the case, and although 1
cannot hope, by anything I may say, to change
the result in the Senate upon this appropriation,
I am not willing that it shall pass without an ex-
posure of it. I called attention to it in Committee
of the Whole, and asked for some information as
to the authority of the President of the United
States to call out these volunteers, if he had done
so, in Florida. No authority was shown, no let-
ter from the Department, no message from the
President, no communication from him in any |
shape. Sir, if it has come to this, that the Con- j
gress of the United States will vote nearly four j
hundred thousand dollars to pay th« expenses of
volunteers, without knowing by what authority
they have been called out, I wish it to be known, j
I wish to hear some information on this subject. :
The Committee on Finance has furnished none. ;
The communications from the Presidentand from i
the War Department furnish none. 3 should like ;
to know if the Executive of tins country has a !
right, without authority of Congress, to call out j
volunteers? If so, I think we might as well ad- j
journ the Congress. It was supposed, formerly, j
that it was necessary to pass an act of Congress >
to vest the President with this power; but now,
withoutany act of Congress, withoutany inform-
ation from anybody before the Senate, this appro-
priation of almost half a million dollars is to be
passed through, and I suppose it will be passed
through.
When I called attention to this in Committee
of the Whole I did succeed in having a reference
to the law which it was said justified it. 1 have
read that law more carefully since, and it is no
justification whatever. No such case has existed };
as would authorize the President to call out vol-
unteers. The Senator from Florida refers me to
the act of 1795 as containing the authority under
which these troops were called out, though he
fails to show that the President ever called them
out. This act declares:
" That whenever the United States shall be invaded, or
be in imminent danger of mva>ion from any foreign nation
or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful foi the Presidem oi the
United rUates to call forth such number of the mil ma oi the
State or Stales most convenient to the place of danger or
scene of action as he may judge necessary to repel s>uch
invasion.7'
For two reasons, this cannot furnish the foun-
dation for calling out these volunteers: first, it ji
does not authorize the President to accept the ser- 1 j
vices of volunteers; it authorizes him to call out ji
the militia, and the militia only, and that is a j[
different thing from accepting the services of vol- ; j
untecrs; secondly, the case had not arisen. This
law provides for the case of an invasion of the
United States. The President has furnished no
evidence that the United States have been inva-
ded. A disturbance by a few Indians in the State
of Florida is not an invasion of the United States.
An invasion of a country, if it means anything,
means the entering from without and taking pos-
sesion of the country. You cannot invade a
country that you are m. The citizens of Florida
cannot invade Florida. The idea is an absurdity.
We all know that there has been no invasion of
the United States. It is not an invasion of Flor-
ida that would authorize the President to call out
troops.
- Then, where is the authority by which these
volunteers were musteted into service, if they ever
were mustered in > How many of them were
there? How long did they server This amend-
ment, I suppose, will be adopted by a large vote
m the Senate; but I appeal to Senators how many
volunteers were called out in Florida, how long
did they serve ? can one of you tell me ? is there any
information In-fore the Senate ? Then, why vole
$358,000 without any mformauon whatever?
Hut, sir, although the amount of money is of
some consc<juenee to us at this time, when we are
borrowing money to carry on the Government, yet
that is a small consideration compared with the
assumption of power on the part of the Executive
which is involved m this question. Ifadebthas
been incurred without authority of law, are we to
foot the bill, and say nothing about it1* Where
are we tending? To what is this Government
coming? Where is it to stop? If your Pres-
ident can call out at his will volunteers and raise
armies, what use ts there for Congress ? The Con-
stitution says that Congress may mise and sup-
port armies; but, if the President can do it with-
out authority of law, there is no occasion for
Congress acting on that subject. It is a mon-
strous assumption of power; and there is no jus-
tification for it shown. There is no law author-
izing it. Theie is no evidence before the Senate
that the committee have presented, none that the
War Department even ever authorized these
troops to be mustered into service—no evidence
whatever in regard to it. If the Senate is pre-
pared, under such circumstances, to vote this
money, so be it.
Mr. YULES. The Senator has repeated sev-
! eral times that there is no information before the
i committee. I believe he is a member of the com-
mittee.
Air. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
what the committee have had. I say they have
not exhibited any evidence here.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator from Maryland,
the member of the Committee on Finance who
presented this amendment, exhibited, and had
upon his table, before the Senate, a lettei fiom the
Secretary of War, giving all the information
which the Senator from Illinois desires; and if he
had taken the trouble to read it, all of his require-
ments would have been answered in respect to the
occasion, the number of troops, the time they
served, and the request for the appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the authority io call
them out? I should like to see such evidence. It
has not been before the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I will give the Senator the au-
thority for calling them out. The Senate, I know,
would prefer that there should be no extended
discussion; and 1 promise to take only two min-
utes. The act of 1795, which was referred to as
the authority, authorizes the President to call out
troops in the case of an invasion by an Indian
tribe occupying Indian country, of territory oc-
cupied by white settlers. Without going into a
philological discussion with the Senator, 1 will
give him a case which, when he answers, 1 will
answer his question as to the authority of the
President. 1 am going to give him a reply to his
objections by citing a case from his own State;
and wiien he answers it, I shall be prepared to
answer him on the case which he puts before the
Senate. In 1832, an appropriation was made in
these words:
" That for the puipose of paying the militia of the State
of Illinois"  
Mr. TRUA1BULL. "Militia," not volun-
teers.
Mr. YULEE. And these are militia. There
is precisely the error of the gentleman. I do not
know whether the amendment calls them vol-
unteers or not, but they were actually militia,
regularly called out under the State oiganizauon,
organized by the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Flor-
ida will allow me, 1 should like to have the amend-
ment read to see whether it is to pay militia.
Mr. YULE'-O. The amendment may have made
use of an improper word; but the case here was
simply an act of the Executive under the author-
ity of the law of 1795, calling, through the Sec-
retary of War, on the Governor of Flonda, by
regular requisition, for a certain number of militia
to take the place of regular troops; and if the
amendment has used the word " volunteers," it
Iids u&ed it impropei ly, and because we have been
in the general habit of calling all the State troops
volunteers as contradistinguished from legulars.
Without stopping on that pomt, however, let me
put a case to the Senator, which, when he answers,
I will answer him. A law passed in 1832, con-
tains this provision:
" That for the purpose of paying the militia of the State of
Illinois, called into ihe .-ei vice ot the United States bj com-
petent authoiity, and lor paying the expenses incuricd in
dcteiulni" the trouuei Ironi a lecent invasion by several
hand"- ot ho-ule Indians,, and including the pay ot the mili-
tia legally called for the wmi' puipose lrom the neighbonng
.State*, and 'JVrritoues, ,<5300,000,,""
What was the nature of that invasion? What
constituted that invasion ? I propose to read a
letter of the Governor of Illinois to the Secretary
of War, which will answer the Senator with an
Illinois definitiun of an invasion. The Governor
of Illinois, in a letter to the Secretary of War,
dated July 7, 1331, says:
"The Indians, with some exceptions, fiom Canada to
M(\\iei>alon  the notthein uoniier or the United States, are
to-day more hostile to die whites than at any other period
bince the lata vvat"—
that is his opinion-—
" paitieularly the band of Sac Indians, usually and truly
called the Biitish band This bund have detei mined, for
some years paM, to remain, at all hazaid-., on certain lands
which have been purchased by the United States"—
just as these Indians determined to remain on
certain lands purchased by the United States from
them in Florida—
u ami afterwards some of them sold to private individuals
by the Geneial Government. They al*o determined to drive
oif the eiti/.ens fiom this disputed territoiy. In older to
effect tin- object. they eommittpd various outrages on the
persons and pioperty of the citizens of this State, fn tins
situation ot aflans, I con idered the State to be actually
invaded, and the country m imminent danger, so much >o
that I immediately called on part of the linhtia nearest
the deputed terutoiy to be leady."
That was his construction of an invasion, and
it was an invasion by twenty-eight Indians, chiefs
and braves, all told, who determined to retain
possession of Rockville, or some little town,
which it was supposed had been purchased from
them, for another year; and that the Governor of
Illinois considered an invasion. Congress con-
sidered it an invasion, and made an appropriation
to pay tho militia for repelling that mvaston.
Well, what was the competent authority in that
case? Congress never authorized the President
