THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
few days ago a citizen of New York was brought
before this House, in contempt of its precept, who
answered under oath that he took advice of coun-
sel before the warrant of the Speaker reached him;
and that his counsel advised, and he also enter-
tained the idea, that this House had no authority
even to bring him before it; and that it was his in-
tention to have contested thatquestion before the
legal tribunals of the city of New York before you
tot him here; but that the officer of tins House
ad taken him with such hot haste from the city
of New York that he had not time to carry out
the settled purpose which he had come to under
the advice of counsel. He came here with this
sworn answer. This was the manner in, which
he undertook to purge himself of contempt; and
my friend from New York rose here and begged
the House to give him another day to tike back
and amend that answer, and purge himself more
fully of this contempt; and not a man objected to
it, as I recollect.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think the gentle-
man has entirely mistaken the circumstances un-
der which I rose on that occasion, if I understood
them rightly, and 1 believe I did. The witness
had not said, in his answer, that he made that
specific answer by advice of his counsel. He did
state, as I understood, and that was the presump-
tion upon which I proceeded, that he acted upon
the advice of his counsel; that the excuse which
he possessed was full and sufficient. His answer,
in respect to the insufficiency of the authority of
the House, as I understood and believed it to have
been, was, that his own private opinion was that
the House had no authority to force him to come
here.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the witness, and
I understood my friend from New York, to say
to the House that the witness, in whose behalf
he rose to ask for time, came here on the advice
of counsel,and said that the answer which he gave
under oath was a sufficient one.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is upon that
point I base my position—that the witness here
has made a blow to precede the threat; that having
taken the advice of counsel, whose absence he
now complains of, he comes into the House with
his red right hand, and defies its authority. It is
upon that ground, and that alone, that I have in-
terposed on objection to his request for delay.
Mr. DAWftS. I so understood the gentleman.
I understood him, a few days ago, to declare to
the House that it was but just and fair to grant
a witness, in precisely the same category, a day's
time, not only to make a farther answer, but to
take back what he had said by the advice of coun-
sel. The only difference is, that the counsel of
the witness, a few days ago, was in New York
when he gave this advice, and the counsel of this
witness—1 do not know where they live; 1 never
saw them any more than 1 ever saw this witness
before to-day.
I do not carc what this witness is charged with.
He comes here, and, under oath, says that he
cannot answer fully; that he cannot purge him-
self of this contempt unless he has the advice of
counsel, and that he cannot avail himself of that
i\dvtce to-day. I want to know on what charge in
your district court, or any criminal court in this ;
country, a man can be arraigned on the very day \
upon which he is arrested, and brought to answer j
upon an indictment, when he comes with an affi- !
davit that he cannot be heard in person, advisedly; |
that he cannot be heard by counsel without one :
day's delay? Who suffers by this delay? In i
what critical condition are we at this moment?1
Is the dignity of the Hou.se so far gone that it.
will not last a day? Arc we m such peril from
this witness, or from any source, that we cannot '
give him what we accord to the meanest criminal
upon God's footstool—a day to answer to our J
charge? What is the occasion, Mr. Speaker, of j
this hot haste? I wished for time yesterday; 1 ;
tried to find the commission under which this
committee acted; I applied to the chairman of the .
committee, and I applied to other members of the
committee,and at the Clerk's desk. I would like ,
to know myself, to-day, the force of that commis- ;
sion. I do not ask delay in behalf of the witness j
merely—I ask it for myself. I am a judge here, i
and 1 am to pass upon this question as a judge. '
I want time myself. I ask for it in my own be-.
half, as well as m behalf of the witness. The wit-!
nes3 comes here under these circumstances, and '
respectfully declares to the House, on his oath,
that there was no intention on his part to commit
a contempt; and that if he has committed a con-
tempt, he will purge himself from it if we will
allow him one day's time. And now, I ask, will
any member say that it is inconsistent with the
dignity of the House to grant this much delay ?
Mr. STANTON. If I had supposed there was
the remotest probability that this motion would
lead to any discussion, I should have moved the
previous question when I made the motion. But
it seemed to me that when a party is arraigned
here for a contempt, and stands in the light of a
criminal, and not of a witness, subject to have
such punishment visited upon him as the House
in its wisdom may see proper; when he is ar-
raigned here and interrogatories are propounded
to him for the first time, and he is required to
answer them in writing and under oath, it is a
matter of absolute necessity that he should have
some time, however short, to prepare his answers.
Now, we shall probably not sit to-morrow. I
supposed, therefore, that the request was reason-
able that he should have until one o'clock on
Monday to prepare his answers. As he sets up
some claim of constitutional right as a citizen,
and desires to test the power of the House by a
judgment of the courts, I see no reason why he
should not have the opportunity and the benefit
of counsel to do it. I therefore move the pre-
vious question, and I hope the House will sus-
tain it, and let us get rid of this business at once.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, that I may ask him a single question,
which, I believe, it is important that he should
answer, for the benefit of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to ask twenty ques-
tions, if he will withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON. This is not the prefer time
to discuss the question. Wait till the witness's
answer comes in.
Mr. RITCHIE. The previous question has
been demanded, and I object to all debute
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being upon agreeing to Mr. Stan-
ton"s motion,
Mr. HUGHES demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved to rcconsidcr the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. BOYCE,from the Committee of Elections,
made a report, on the memorial of Henry P.
Brooks, contesting the right of the Hon. H. Win-
ter Davis to his seat as a Representative from the
fourth congressional district of the State of Mary-
land, accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved* That it is inexpedient to grant the piaycr oi'tlie
meniouuhat lor the appointment ol' a eoitiinuico to take
| testimony.
Mr.- PHILLIPS presented the views of the
minority of the committee, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Resolcc<1, That the Committee of Elections have power
to pend fot persons und papeis, and to examine witnesses
and evidence in the ea><e of the contested election ot the
Hon. II. YViutci Davis, Horn the fourth congte^ional dis-
tnct of Maiyland.
Mr. "BOYOE moved that the consideration of
the reports be postponed until Monday next, and
that they ho printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is a privileged
question, and the gentleman can call it up at any
time. The motion to postpone is not necessary.
The SPEAKER. It is necessary to postpone
it, because some disposition must be made of it
now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It had better be
passed over informally.
Mr. HATCH. We had betterfix a day for the
consideration of these reports. This is a very
important question, and one in which a large por-
tion of our fellow-citizens feel a deep interest.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I understand the gentleman
from South Carolina to indicate Monday as the
day on which he will probably call up this ques-
tion; and I hope his motion will prevail.
Mr. Boyce's motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Anderson, Barksdale, Bishop, Blair,
Bliss, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Burhngame, Burnett. Bur-
loughs, Campbell, Case,Caskie,Ezra Clark, John B.Clark,
Clay, Chngman, John Cochiane, Cockcrdl, Colfax, Cox,
Craam, Burton Craig^, Crawford, Curtis, Davidson, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana. Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Towa, Dimmick, Dowaell, Edie, Edmundson, El-
liott, English, Ru^tis, Famsworth, Faulkner, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Folev, Gilhs Gooch, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrenec
W. Hall, llaskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hop-
kins, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kel-
logg, Kelly, Lamar, Lawrence, McKibbin, Mcdueen, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Montgomery,
Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N, Morris, Oliver A.
Morsu, Niblack, Nichols, Peyton, Phelps Phillips.. Powell,
I'urviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, 1'itchie. Ruffin, Rus-
sell, Savage, Searing, Aaion Shaw, Shorter, Robeit Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Thompson, Undei wood, Waid,Elhhu B. Wa-hbnrne, Israel
Washbuin, White. Whitelev, Wilson, Winslow, Wood-
son, Augustus R. Wrighr,and Zolheoffer—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Andrews, Atkins,
Avery, Bdhnshuivt, Bingham. Docock, Brayton, Budtoton,
Bums, Chalice, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Co-
mins. Coming, Covode. James Craig. Currv, Damrell, Davis
of Mississippi, Dawes Dean, Dick, L>odd,Garnets, Gartrell,
Giddings Gilman, Gilmer. Giainier, Gieemvood, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Hoard, Houston, Howaid, Huyler, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jone*, J.Glaney Jones Kojsey, Kilgotc, Knapp,
John C. Kunkol, Leach, Leitei, Lovejoy, Huinphiev Mar-
shall, Mi'lson, Morgan, Moiril!, Mott. Murray, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Reilly," llicaud, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Royeo, Sandidge, Scales, Seward, Henry
M. Shaw, JmNon W. Sheiman, Samuel A. Smith, Spin-
ner. James A. Stewart, William Stewait, Talbot, Thayer,
Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton,
Warren, Cadvvalador C. Washburn, Watkins, and Worten-
dyke—87.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HUGHES stated that Mr. Gregg had
been called home by sickness in his family.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Landy had
been compelled to leave the city in consequence
of sickness in his family.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Letcher was still too unwell to be in attendance
on the Hp use.
Mr. REILLY stated that Mr. Lcidy was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. FOSTER stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called he should have
voted in the negative.
EXECUTIVE INFLUENCE.
Mr. HOARD. I rise to what I suppose to be
a privileged question. There have been many
rumors afloat with regard to interference with the
rights and dignity of this House, and with its
duties and its legislation, by the executive de-
| partment of the Government. Those rumors have
I taken some shape in correspondence, and articles
j in newspapers, to which I desire to call the atten-
| tion of the House. I do this, sir, I hope the
| House will believe, in no factious spirit, but with
| a desire, if any such interference has taken place,
I that the House may vindicate its dignity and its
| rights. For myself, I have heard frequent ex~
! presstons of confidence on the part of one side of
the House, that certain measures would be car-
ried here by executive influence; and on the other
side, fears that measures would be so carricd,
although,if members were left to themselves, such
measures could not be carried.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York stated that he rose to a question of privi-
lege .
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
state Ins question of privilege, and let us hear what
it is. He has said nothing that indicates a ques-
tion of pn-vilegi*. I shall object to the gentleman
proceed] ng until he states his question of privilege,
unless, indeed, he has charges to make against a
member of the Cabinet; and in that case 1 will lis-
ten to him, although that would probably not be
a question of privilege. ;
Mr. HOARD. I was about stating my ques-
tion of privilege, and calling the attention of the
House to it, as I supposed, in a proper manner.
At the closc of my remarks, I shall send a reso-
lution to the Chair, which I suppose is all that is
necessary.
