1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
voked the great principle of popular sovereignty,
and said, " itshall be applied to these people, and
they shall govern themselves. They have gone
into a wilderness more than a thousand miles re-
moved from any of our settlements, where there
is no communication with them, and where it is
a matter of indifference to us on what principle
they regulate their domestic institutions." I be-
lieve it would have been better for us all if the
President had said they should regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way; for, after
all, their morals, perverted as I know them to be,
their religious ideas are their own, and are not to
be inquired into by me or anybody else here. It
- is not proposed that we shall correct their morals
in any of the respects of which we complain. If
polygamy prevails among them, do you propose
to rectify that? No, sir. Are there any heresies
in their religion? Certainly you cannot correct
them. Then, though we argue about polygamy
and the practices of these people, it is not with a
view to correct them at all, for that is not and
could not be apart of the proposition. It is used
in the argument, and it can be used nowhere else.
Since I find fault with and arraign the Presi-
dent of the United States for involving us in this
crusade against this knot of fanatics in a remote
wilderness, I perhaps ought to suggest what 1
would have done, because I have admitted that
the case is one of some difficulty. I would en-
deavor to make peace with them on the best terms
I could, knowing that a victory over them would
be won at great hazard and expense, and would
be perfectly barren when it was won. I would
consult them as to their alleged grievances; I
would ascertain what they were; and thus I would
be able to tell Congress of what they complained.
I would go a step further, though perhaps nobody
here would join me in it—I would repeal their
territorial government. Nay, sir, if I had been
consulted as a member of Congress, I would
never have agreed that they should have a terri-
torial government with the ideas prevailing there.
Knowing that they were the advocates of a the-
ocracy; knowing that they held no principle of
government common to us, and therefore that it
was impossible to govern them upon our princi-
ples, 1 would not have erected a territorial gov-
ernment there; but having committed that error,
I would retrace our steps.
1 may say here in passing, that when you erected
the Territory, you knew the habits of these peo-
ple; you knew their ways of thinking; you knew
their peculiarities, just as well as you do now. I
wonlu not have given them the benefit of a ter-
ritorial organization; but Congress having done
it, rather than quarrel with them when they are
so far removed from us that by no act of theirs
can they put m jeopardy a single right of Ameti-
can citizens, I would repeal the act establishing the
territorial government; 1 would withhold all ap-
propriations for their support; I would leave them
under the influence of t.he pnnciph a of popular
sovereignty to regulate their domesticinstitutions
m their own way, because in doing so it would
ho impossible that they could injure anybody else.
I think this would have been the wiser course.
P>y dons? this, I believe they would have gone the
way of all men who are acting on erroneous prin-
ciples founded on falsehood and error. I believe
their own extravagances, the anomalous nature
of their creed, their practices, incompatible with
the permanency of any people would have caused
them to fall to piccesif you had not by your pol- |
icy concentrated them together. They would soon !
have divided themselves and arrayed themselves
under different leaders; sell isms would have arisen, i
and their absurd ideas would have scattered them
to the tour winds of heaven, if by your opposi- j
tion you had not undertaken to concentrate them 1
and bind them together. I have no doubt that the !
movement ot the army which you are making ,
agamstthem at such expense, will not only make ;
their councils harmonious, but will doubly in-
crease the fanaticism that now reigns there, and
render it permanent, and they will have vympa- ,
ihizers also, because we know thnt tl><  blood of i
the martyr is the seed of the chiuvh. It has been
>:o in aH ages. and will be so here, and m this i
respect, it makes no difteienee whether the reh-!
gion that is persecuted is founded m truth or j
falsehood. j
We are now comnvnicing this e"tmprise at a 1
cobt of ^3,009,0'JO to ctan with. We know net ,
where it will end; but let me predict that if you
get out of it with $80,000,000 you will do well.
You might make a railroad to California for the
money it will take you to conquer this little band;
and when you have conquered them, it will be
as expensive to keep them in subjection as it is
now.
What is itfor? It is that this great nation may
say that Brigham Young and his associates have
succumbed to the overwhelming power of this
Union! Well, sir, it will not teach us anything
new. We know that he must succumb if we
bring our physical force to bear on him; but it is
a barren victory. No honoris won, the rights of
no man are redressed, because Mormonism has
not yet trenched upon the rights of anybody out-
side of their own circle; and it is not likely to do
so for generations to come. I regret and deplore,
J then, that we have entered upon this enterprise;
I I think it was exceedingly absurd that we should
| have done it; I think the Executive is to blame
| for the course he has taken. Whether he had
] constitutional law to supporthim or not, he should
1 have consulted Congress. I think that if he had
| done so before Senators would suppose thern-
' selves committed to this sort of policy, the vote
! would be very different from what it will be now.
j But is it so, sir, that the President of the Uni-
i tod States can commit Congress to any course of
' proceeding, or involve us in any war that he sees
fit? I know that it has been avowed on this floor
that he can do it. If he does it, he does it in vio-
lation of the spirit and letter of the Constitution,
and the act ought to work an impeachment of any
Magistrate, because the war-making power, by
' the Constitution, is vested in Congress, and he
that avails himself of the position which he oc-
1 cupies, as Commander-in-Chief of your armies,
to commit the nation to a war deliberately, has
violated the Constitution as flagrantly as hc could
do u in any other way. We must teach Pios-
1 id^nts this. J do not speak now as a partisan.
If the President were an angel, it would not do to
invest him with this enormous power of war and
peace. It will not do to say, upon tins door, that
1 the President may rightfully involve us in a war,
■ and when he has done it there is nothing left for
us but to back him up with all the money and all
1 the men that he may require to carry out his ne-
farious enterprises.
Sir, I deny it. I know that, by an injudicious
movement—one bordering on folly, 1 was about to
say idiocy—he did,late in the season, orderadi v*is-
■ ion of your Army into the mountains to be wintered
there, and in such force that ho knew they were
; too weak for any offensive operations, and too
! numerous to carry the olive bianch of peace.
; Why, in the name of Heaven, any man should
suppose that, in September last,, it was wisdom
to order a division of your Army into the mount-
, ains and over the deserts to be wintered, [ know
not. If the winter had not been exceedingly fa-
, vorable, undoubtedly they would have perished
;1 there, and any man might have foreseen it. Why
, was it done? Was it done to commit us to this
state of things, <£ now you shall vote all we ask,
, because if you fail to do so, you jeopardize the
. army?" Are you going to leave them to staive
■ in this wilderness? No, sir; I will not do that;
those men are not to blame for the position thoy
! occupy. They are there; and I go with Senators
; to appropriate money enough to assist them—but
, call them off. Yes, sir, 1 will not begrudge the
money to call them home and put everything in
1 statu, quo, just as it was before your President
1 marched thetroops, no niatterat what expense, so
that Congress may then fairly be consulted. Is it
for the interest, ts it for the honor of this Repub-
lic, that we should wage deliberate war on this lot
of fanatics in a wilderness?
That question then devoid of prejudice, devoid
of committals from the Executive, m lght be pro-
pounded to Congress, and I should notdoub* that
Congress would come to the conclusion tlmr it was
asking too much for the fame of oonqueiing tins
band of Mormons to incur ail the expense and
^•v.wd not only of their conquest but of holding
them m subjection for all future time; because
when wc conquer them the Army must be posted
there, and the same force would be requisite to
continue your government over them that was re-
| quired to subdue them.
For the reason,-* winch I have state.!, I hav<'
come to the conoliuion that all tuia. oxpeti.se ought
to have been avoided, that the real principles of
our Constitution ought to have been vindicated ia
this difficulty, which was well known beforehand.
There was no necessity for immediate action.
The President ought to have consulted Congress
first, before this expense was incurred. Such un-
doubtedly will be the judgment of everybody who
examines the question impartially. I know theie
may be exigencies where your Executive may be
called upon to act in a sudden emergency, and I
am not the man to complain of him nor to scru-
tinize with an eagle eye what he does, if he acts
in good faith to defend any portion of this Union
against a foe that is dangerous to it. I will not
be particular about what the Constitution and the
law requires, when such a state of facts exists;
but that is not the case here. The Mormons could
threaten nothing. It was perfectly safe to leave
them alone for years, while you deliberated what
you would do. This expedition was started a
short tune before the assembling of Congress—
the great council of the nation—the representa-
tives of the people and of the States. They ought
to have been consulted on this great, policy. Is
not an Executive censurable m the last degree,
who, withholding everything from them, commits
them to such an uncertain enterprise as this, in-
curring an enormous expense of money and the
raising of new troops, quartering them upon your
Treasury, bankrupt as it is ?
Sir, I deplore the apparent necessity which
your Executive has brought upon the nation. I
will not go the length you prbpose to go, for I
am well aware that the amendments restrictive of
these enormous sums should have been main-
tained; that these contracts which have been ille-
gally entered into, as has been shown, should
never have been entered into; that the Constitu-
tion has been stretched here even to breaking for
the purpose of extending patronage to certain
favorites in Army contracts; nay, sir, I suspect
and fear that the patronage connected with this
miserable war has been the principal inducement
why it has been so rashly undertaken.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to have the vote
if it be agreeable to Senators. I do not see that
we are shedding any new light on the subject, i
therefore propose that we now take the vote by
general consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not intend toengage in
a general discussion on the propriety of the pas-
sage of this bill, as I discover considerable solici-
tude on the part of its friends to take the vote im-
mediately. The earnestness 1 have manifested to
have this bill pruned, js justified by a considera-
tion of the amount; of money that will have to be
paid by the people whom 1 iu part represent on
this floor. I suppose, for irasons that 1 shall not
now take time to detail, that th" Slate of Iowa is,
in point of wealth and ability to pay the indirect
taxes levied by this Government, a full average
State of this Union, and consequently that one
thirty-first part of tins large sum of money must
be paid out of their pockets. The gross sum of
the appropriations in this bill as footed upby me,
is $9,704,000, which, divided bv thirty-one, the
number of States, would give $31G,258 to be paid
by the people of my State fur purposes which
have never hitherto been authorized by Congress.
Thnt people have believed heietofore that the
proper province of the President of the United
States was to apply the money appiopriated by
Congress in executing the law, as Commandei-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the nation,
lierc, however, is nearly ten million dollais vn-
tuallv appropriated by the Piesident of the United
States—appropimted by the executive depart-
ment of this Government, to which the people of
fiat State, by their representatives, have never
given their sanction.
I make this statement at this time, as the gen-
eral ren^on which will control my vote now, and
which will control my vote hereafter, when ap-
propriation bills arc pending. Not a single dollar
shall be appropriated or paid, with my consent,
which I do not believe would be approved by a
majority of the people I represent. Were they
consulted to-day whether a tax of $316,000 should
be levied on them to cany on a war against the
Mormons, unauthorized by Congress, in my opin-
ion, nine tenth's of them would record their votes
against the proposition,
The amendments wore ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
