1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
698
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it would be more
regular for the gentleman to send up his resolu-
tion and have it reported, so that the Chair may-
be able to determine whether it be a question of
privilege or not.
Mr. HOARD. I send up the resolution which
I propose.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to lnqime and investigate whether any improper
attempts have been or aie being made by any persons con-
nected with the executive department of this Government,
or hy any person acting under their advice or consent, to
influence the action of tins IJouse, or any of its members,
upon any questions or measure upon which the House has
acted, or which it has under consideration, directly or indi-
rectly, by any promise, offer, or intimation of employment,
patronage, office, or favors under the Government, or under
any department, olficer, or seivdiit thereof, t<? be conferred
or withheld in consideration of any vote given or to be given,
withheld or to be withheld, with power to send for peisons
or papers, and leave to leport at any time, by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a question of order.
I consider this resolution as nothing more nor
less than a direct insult to the House. It is no
question of privilege at all, and I therefore object
to the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not under-
stand that the resolution has been received by the
House.
Mr. WARREN. Certainly not; and I object
to its being received. I understand the gentleman
from New York to present it as a question of
privilege. Sir, it is no question of privilege.
Mr. CLAY. If a proposition has been made
to the gentleman from New York himself by the
Executive, it is a question of privilege for the
gentleman to demand an investigation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a question of order,
and I would like to have the question determined
by the Chair. I understand the gentleman from
New York as presenting that resolution os a ques-
tion of privilege. Now, sir, as I understand that
resolution, it does not go far enough to involve
any question of privilege. If there has been a
proposition, of the character alluded to in that res-
olution made to the gentleman from New York,
or if he- can point his linger to any member on
tins floor to whom such a proposition has been
made, then I admit it would be a question of priv-
ilege; at all events, it would be one that I should
be willing to vote for as such. But I am not will-
ing to sit here in my place, and see this whole
House insulted by a proposition such as the gen-
tleman has presented upon such a statement. If
the gentleman will say, on his responsibility, that
such a proposition has been made to any gentle-
man in this House, I care not whether on this
side or the other, I will go as far as any gentle-
man here in investigating the matter to the bot-
tom. But I object to entertaining any such prop-
osition as this as a question of privilege.
Mr, WALBRIDGE. I object to this debate.
The gentleman from New York is entitled to the
floor.
' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
statement of fact upon the responsibility of the
gentleman who offers the resolution. There must
always be a statement of fact upon which to base
a question of privilege. If the gentleman from
New York will allege any fact upon his respons-
ibility, then it may be a question of privilege to
inquire into. But with no statement of fact, a
mere resolution, general in its terms, like this,
involves no privilege.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. If the gen- ;
tleman from Georgia will allow me one moment:
the statement of fact which he wants is just what
the gentleman from New York was proceeding to
give when he was called upon to send up his res-
olution .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I think the
question of privilege should be reduced to writing.
If the gentleman fiom New York has any state-
ment to make, let him make it in writing, and not
verbally in his place. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman from New York.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make one sugges-
tion. It is this: if the gentleman from New York
will state upon his responsibility that improper
influences nave been attempted to be used upon
members, then that is something tangible upon
which we can act. But if the gentleman proposes
only to read scurrilous and false articles from
irresponsible newspaper correspondents, for the
purpose of laying the foundation for his resolu-
tion, then it is no question of privilege at all.
The gentleman must state upon his responsibility.
He must indicate who has been tampered with,
and by whom, so that this House can know what
it proposes to do.
Mr. HOARD. That is exactly what I propose
to do, if the gentleman will allow me to go on. I
propose to state, so far as I can, what I know,
and to call the attention of the House to the facts
of the case.*
Mr. GROW. I wish to know whether the
House has not raised committees of investigation
during the present session without any specific
statements of fact?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will send up the articles he proposes to
read to the Clerk's desk, and have them read.
Let us hear what they are.
Mr. HOARD. I know that this is not the first
time committees have been raised to investigate
charges made upon mere newspaper reports.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from what paper he proposes to read ?
Mr. HOARD. I propose now to read from the
South, a paper printed in Richmond. I did not
suppose that I should see what I have seen here.
Idid notsuppose such a proposition, in such plain
language, would meet with such opposition. I
suppose it is the desire of the House to vindicate
its dignity and its prerogative, and I suppose that
committees have been raised to investigate charges
made in newspaper reports. I propose to state to
the House, very frankly, what I have heard, and
what are the facts in this case. If the House,
after hearing them, thinks they are not sufficient
for the raising of a committee to investigate them,
certainly I am satisfied. I have raised this ques-
tion in the discharge of what I believe to be iuy
duty to the House and to the country.
1 read from the South of the 10th instant:
"Jt is evident that the Bi.ick-Repubhcan-Dou<j;la^ co-
alition in the House of Representatives achieved a barren
victory in their vote for a spceial committee on the Le-
compton constitution. While that committee aie wander-
ing over the earth in quest of fnmds, the Senate will take
the initiative, and decide the matter by sending the Le-
compton constitution to the House wiih a bill for the ad-
mission of Italia*. Then, doubtless, the influence of the
Administration will prevail.''
The following is from the Washington corre-
spondence of the Richmond Enquirer:
" Washington, Monday, February 1, 1858.
"The lipcompton constitution has arrived, ami will be
to-dav submitted to Conj rc<h with a •special from
the Present of the United Slates. The fate of the con-
! stitution is uncertain. Strict party discipline may carry it
, thiough the Senate, hut m the Ilou&u theie a majority of
| foui against U ' reception, imderany and all circumstances ;
s audyetitis.saidth.itMr. Buchanan hasdeclaied hisdeteim-
inaiion lo put it through Congress m thuty days or burst.
These foui votes may be had, da. there are a number of de-
sirable executive appointments ready to be given out; but
it will require nice paity engineering.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a point of order. I
wish the Clerk to read from the Manual, at page
59, for the purpose of showing that the gentle-
man himself has committed a breach of privilege
m reporting these newspapers to the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" And m 17£3, Decembei 17, it was declared a breach of
fundamental privileges, &c., to report any opinion or pre-
tended opinion of the King, on any bill oi pioceedmsr de-
pending m either House of Parliament, with a view to
influence the votes of members.1' \
Mr. WARREN. I like this sport very well, 1
but I deem it my duty again to interpose my |
point of order. The Chair must see now that the '
question raised by the gentleman from New York j
I is not one of privilege. And, sir, let me say that i
| I think that it is radically wrong, this attacking, i
j or attempting to attack, gentlemen whose repu- 1
j tationhas heretofoi-e been unblemished, and who
i now stand fair before the country. I hope, there-
! fore, that the Chair will determine at once the
1 point I raise.
| I take this occasion to say, that I am ready to
•investigate the conduct of any member upon this
; floor, or even the conduct of the Chief Magistrate
! of the Union, on good cause; but the charge must
j be made. I detest this way of attacking members
by insinuation and innuendo.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
! tleman from New York before deciding on the
| question whether it is one of privilege or not.
i Mr. HOARD. My only object is to present to
the House considerations which have influenced
me in taking this step.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to propound an inter-
rogatory to the gentleman,
Mr. HOARD. I decline to yield. Letmesay
that I do not come here to be constantly inter-
rupted with questions. I wish to present to the
House a plain case, or such a case as might have
the consideration of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. Theresolution,uponitsface,
does present a question of privilege.
Mr. HOARD. The following is from the New
York Tribune:
" Washington, February 10,1858.
a I learn that until Monday morning it was expected that
Burns, of Ohio, would vote agamst the Lecomptonites. On
the morning of that day, however, he came to another per-
ception of his duty, on the understanding with the President
that his son-in-law should retain the valuable place of post-
master at Keokuk, Iowa, and that he himself should be grat-
ified with the office of marshal of the northern district of
Ohio, when his present term m the House is completed."
Mr. BARKSDALE. What is the signature to
that correspondence ?
Mr. HOARD. There is none. The third sec-
tion of the Constitution of the United States con-
tains the following in reference to the Executive:
" tie shall, from rime to time, give to Congies^ informa-
tion of the state of the Union, and recommend to their con-
sideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient."
That, sir, I believe, limits the constitutional
power of the Executive in his intercourse with
the legislative department, excepting the signing
and vetoing of bills, &c.
As I said before, these rumors floated about. I
heard them and discredited them until I saw these
newspaper reports; and in talking with members,
discovered that there was a hope on one side and
a fear on the other, that executive power would
pitvail. I desire now to call attention to an ex-
tract from Washington's Farewell Address, and
hope it will not be out of order. I want to show
this House that Washington foresaw the tend-
ency of executive power to absorb the entire
Government. It is a serious subject for reflection '
on our part5 and the part of the country.
The extract to which I desire to call attention
is the following:
u It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking, in a
fiee countiy, should inspire caution in those intrusted with
its administration, to confine themselves within their re-
spective constitutional spheie^, avoiding in the exercise of
the powers of one department to encroach upon another.
The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers
oi all the departments in one, and thus to create, whatever
the foim of government, a teal despotism."
Washington foresaw this danger; and I fear
that we are running upon it:
" A just estimate of that love of power, and pronencss to
abuse it. which piedominate m the human heait, is suffi-
cient to satisfy u< of the tiuth of this portion. T£e neces-
sity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of political power,
b> dividing and distributing it into difieicntdepositoin;^, and
constituting each the guardian of the public weal, against
invasion oi the others, has been evinced by experiments an-
cient and modern: some of them in our country, and under
our own eyes. To preserve them must be as nece^taiy as
to institute them."
Now I do not desire to occupy the attention of
the House a moment longer. I know the House
must see the consequences that would result from
any interference on the part of the executive de-
partment of the Government with members of the
House m casting their votes. I cannot present to
the House any new considerations bearing upon
this subject. But I do desire to say that all these
rumors, these newspaper articles, these hopes on
one side of the House, and fears upon the other,
have a basis; and under these circumstances, we
are called upon, in my judgment, to vindicate, by
the investigation asked for, the dignity and the
prerogatives of this House.
Mr! WARREN. Mr. Speaker, I am going to
call the attention of the Chair in a moment to the
question of order to which I rose in the first in-
stance. Before doing so, however, I desire to say-
that I am satisfied that the gentleman from New-
York mistakes the character of at least one side
of this House when he talks about hopes on one
side, and fears upon the other. 1 cannot speak
for the other side of this House. They may be
afraid. I make no such allegation. The gentle-
man has said, however, that gentlemen who rep-
resent the sovereign people, and who profess to
be honorable and high-minded, can be bribed and
influenced by such means ill the discharge of their
duties here. A sentiment of that sort may attach
