1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2803
to act specially in that particular instance; the
President even did not authorize the calling" out
of those tioops. It was done by authority of
General Guinea alone, and afterwards adopted by
the Secretary of War and the President, and an
appropriation asked for; and yet, the law speaks
of them as calicd out by competent authority.
When the Senator shows the law, other than the
act of 1795, which authorized the President to
call out the Illinois militia, which were then paid,
and when lie shows that that was an invasion of
the United States, 1 shall be prepand to answer
him the question lie asks in respect to the pres-
ent service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Flor-
ida will look a little further into the history of
the Black Hawk war 
Mr. YULFF. This was not the Black Hawk
war. This was in 1^31.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know to what
the Senator alludes if it is not the Black Hawk
war.
Mr. YULEF. It was nothing more than a
determination of twenty-eight braves arid chiefs
to retain possession of a small town; and when
they found they were marched upon by one thou-
sand four hundred mounted troops of Illinois, in
the service of the United Stares, besides a large
portion of the regular Army, they passed over to
the other side of the Mississippi and made a ueaty, '
which treaty was signed by every chief and evei y
brave. That was the whole amount of the mat- !
ter. Black Ilawk was at that time simply a .
biave, nothing more.
I will say farther to the Senator from Illinois, '
that it seems to me to be immaterial to iro into a ■
discussion of the construction of the law of 1795
now. The Executive has been m the hybitof'
acting upon this eunsti uction: in this ease he has 1
acted upon it and called troops into seiviee from
the State of Florida; they have performed the
service, and have been dibbanded. The Senator
certainly is not go;ng, on a hypercritical discus- .
pion of the true construction ot the law, to refuse ;
payment to the men who have actually done the i
seivice. It seems to me that it is a bootless dis-
cussion we are entering upon. I
Mr. HUNTER. I hnpe the Senators will be |
content with making tneir points, ana let us draw
the inferences, so that we may get a \ote on this
question.' It is getting vc: y hre.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' I am muire of the great
haste with which the Senator from Virginia presses
all these bills, and I am sorry that the Senate of
the United States is so anxious to get home that
it cannot give consideration to t'v.m. I saw, yes-
teiduy, in a full Senate, m the afternoon, a prop-
osition to appropriate ^1,*300,000, to build ten ves-
sels of war, voted down by four majority. I
remained here until late at night, when the Sen-
ate was worn out, and I saw a proposition voted
into the bill, to appropriate fU,200,000 to build j
half as many vessels. TluU is one result follow- i
ins: from this haste, this pressure, this impatience '
to get through with the appropriation bills. When ■
the Senate was full, it would not appropuate ,
$1,200,000 for ten vessels of wai. When the Sen- j
ate was worn out, it struck out four or five of!
them, and agreed to pay the same amount for the |
remainder—the same caliber and the same size.
It was the same amendment we had voted down,
with the exception of taking out of it four or live 1
vessels. J expect this to pass; I do not hope to
be able to arrest it.
The Senator from Florida refers to a transaction
that occurred in Ilhnuis m an Indian war, which
I supposed had some connection,and I apprehend
it will be so found on looKing into it, with the ,
Black Ilawk war; I know of no other war that 1
oecmn-d there about that time; and then the Gov- :
emor of Illinois called upon the President of the j
United States; but it is not pietended that the :
Governor of Florida has called upon the President [
for assistance to maintain the laws of Florida. |
This proposition is put on another ground. j
Mr. YuTLEE. The Governor of Illinois did1
not call unon the United States, but he marched '
out first with seven hundred troops called out by '
himself, and the number was increased to fourteen '
hundred, and tiiev were afterwards adopted and ;
paid bv the United States. ;
Mr."TRUMBULL. I apprehend that thaten^o '
would furnish no precedent fur t his; but if it would,
it is time that we ceased to do wrong. If an error
was committed m 1831, that is no reason why we
should repeat it in 1858. Now, sir, what evidence
has been furnished to the Senate? The Senator
from Florida tells us that the Senator from Mary-
land had on his table the evidence. I know not
what he had on his table: it has not been read to
the Senate; there is no evidence before us. The
Senator lias not stated how many troops were
Called out, nor by what authority.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say to the gen-
tleman that he is entirely mistaken, f did read
the Secretary's letter. 1 read from it the state-
ment that a regiment of troops were called out,
and ten independent companies, and that they
served for six months, and that when they were
discharged, the ten independent companies were
accepted by Colonel Loomw, who had succeeded
General Harney. I read that j/i {otidem verbis.
Whether the gentleman was here or not, I do not
know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stand corrected as to
that, if the gentleman states that he read it; but
I did not hour it.
Mr PEARCE. That is not my fault.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is any authority
for calling out these troops, I should like to see
it; and I ask the Senator from Maryland to in-
dulge me so far as to produce the letter from the
Secietary of War and let it be read now, and I
will promise to listen to it. I mean the letter that
authouzes the calling out of the tioops. I want
to see the authority from the President.
Mr. PEARCE. As to the authority from the
President, I cannot produce that; and I appre-
hend that, from the foundation of the Government
down to this time, the President never sent a mes-
sage to Congress, on such a subject as this, m
which he set forth the authority under which lie
aet'd. Does the Senator expect the President,
when he notifies us that he has '\iUed out voluu-
teH rs, to begin by saying, '• Gentlemen of the Sen-
ate and House of Repusentatm s, on such a day,
ni su< h a veai, by virtue of an ue.t parsed on the
15th day of sucii a month, in such a year, em-
powering me to call out volunteers in certain oases,
1 did caU out so many volunteers m pursuance of
that authoi ity Does ynybody exoi ct him to
do that5 iso, sir. When by law you gi\e the
President authority, he exercises it without pa-
rading the iHUhomy before you. lie supposes
yoe know tin? law as will es lie docs, as yo<i ought
to know :t.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land mjsapprelu-mds my question. I do not ask
him for the authority which the Pi^sidenf sets
forth. I ask merely for the authority which the
President gave to call out the troops. I want the
order of the President, not his reference to stat-
utes or to laws. I want to s the order of the
President, or his executive ofiver, the Secretary
of War, dhecting the voluntteis to be mustered
into seivice in Florida, if theie be such an older.
I do not ask for a reference by the Pi cedent to
the law; I ask merely for the authority under
which the officer in Florida acted m calling oat the
truop-s—the Older from the proper Depart ment. I
am aware that the President acts thiouirh the
heads of Departments; and the Secretary of War,
I suppose, issued the order. If it came iVom him,
it is to him that I would look for it; and I want
to know when the order was issued, and what it
was. If there be such an order, I nop2 it will be
produced to the Senai°.
Mr. YULEE. The course wa-> this: the Sec-
rotary of War informed the Governor of Florida
that the gene ial commanding there was authorised
to call tor a cei tarn number of companies of mibtia,
and the commanding oaieer there did call them.
They were furnished, and mustered into the ser-
vice; and if the Senator, as o member of the com-
mittee, m the investigation of this matter 
Mr. TRUAIBULL. I am not a member of the
committee.
Mr. YULEE. I was under the impression that
you were, and I was going to say that if you had
called on the Depaitmentas a memberof the com-
mittee, you would have received it. I suppose the
committee presumed the Secretary would not say
lie lnd called them out unless he had done so.
Mr. PEAR OK. Most, unquestionably the com-
mittee did not think it necessary to call on the
Secretary of War for a copy of his order. It was
sufficient that we had a letter f om the War De- ;
partment recommending this appropriation, and ■
stating that these troops had been called into ser-
vice. As I have already stated, we thought that
was enough. If the gentleman wants the order,
I take it he will be obliged to call on the Secre-
tary. That he can do to-morrow morning, and
get it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see the
letter which the Senator has in his hands.
Mr. PEARCE. I will furnish the letter. It
says nothing of any order by the Secretary; it
speaks of volunteers called out by General Har-
ney, who, as I said before, had authority from the
War Department to call them. This is a letter
from the Paymaster General to the Secretary of
War, dated June 3, 1858, in which he says:
" l have the honor to report, agreeably to your directions,
that the teminent and ten independent companies of Florida
volunteers, called into service by General Harney for tile
peitod of months, will requue for then payment
£^.">.000. T'pon the discharge of this force, ten companies
wete musteied intoaervicc by Colonel Loomis,forthesame
pellod. These have been ordered to be discharged, with
the exception of two companies; but the muster-rolls have
not yet leached the Adjutant General'- office. From the
be*-t data to he obtained, it will lequiie the further sum, for
their payment, of §140,000, making tor both services the
sum of ,5,v>.\0UQ. In my former estimate tor the payment
of Florida volunteers, the sum of £172X00 was a^ked for,
to refund totheTieasmy thatamomn drawn from balances
of old appiopnations and expended in pa\ mg Florida vol-
unteers ior services prior to thi  e&tunate, which were then
supposed to be applicable," &e.
It is unnecessary to read the rest; it refers only
to that transaction which was explained on the
last amendment of the Finance. Committee, where
the balances were transferred. Here is another
letter in which the Secretary says:
k> [ have the honor to transmit herewith a communication
of the Pavma^ter Genrial, iurni«h''d m compliance with a
r-i-ohuton of 1 he Senate ot the 22d instant, requesting to
be tuinit-hed with estimate*, tor appiopriations to pay such
p.nt of the volunteer, operating in Flmida, during the past
>e.u, a-; may lemam unpaid for the want ot uppropnatwms
applicable to tne noojw, including in Fuoh estimates the
companies that have been inuateied or recognized by the
oider ol the President."
Now, as f understand, the regiment and the
ton independent companies, serving the first six
months, were mustered m by order of the Presi-
dent; and the ten companies were afterwards taken
into service by order of Colonel Loomis, under
some general authority which he had from the
Executive here. The&e are all the papers 1 have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be observed that
these papers merely go to furnish the foundation
for the payment of this money—that is the whole
object of them. They contain the estimate—I
did not doubt that the Department wanted this
money—and that is all they amount to. The ev-
idence is not furnished unless you are to infer it
because the Department recommends this amount
to be paid, which it seems is only half, for there
is over half a million, altogether, to be paid for
volunteers in Florida last year. If the Senate,
with this evidence before it, is prepared to vote
the money, I have no more to say. I call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Bavard, Benjamm, F j ight, Btown,
Clay, Chneman, (Jollamei, Cnttonden, Fiteh, Green. Gwm,
Iluntei, Iveioo'i. Joim-on of Arkuwi-, ICemiody, Malioi-y,
Peniee, Polk, Rice, Scba-aian. Shdeil. tJtuart,Toombs, and
Y ulee—-25.
IVAVW— MesHs. Htoderiek, Cameiou, Chandler, Doo-
litilc, I'V^orvliMK Font, Foster, Hamlin, Hitian. Houston,
Johiif-on of Teiincssei , Ring, fcewaid. TjumbuH, Wade,
ami Wilson—1G.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, on which a separate vote was de-
manded, was to insert the following as an addi-
tional section:
.ind be it further eivctcrf. That all the evistinjj laws, or
part^ of law-, y.'hieii .luthorizc the -ale of military &uos
which aie or may become, u-ele-s for military puipose*.
he. and the sami; are hereby, repealed ; and said lands shall
not be subject to sale oi preemption under any of tiic lawn
of the L'niU'd States.
Mr. YULEL. I desire to offer a proviso, to
which the Senator from Michigan ["Mr. Stuart]
and the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin*]
assent; and I believe there is no objection to it
from any quai ter. it is merely to continue in force
an act of the last Congress. It is:
Piovi'Jeih Tnatthe piovi-ion< of the act of August 18,
18.;tk relative to c-'itatn ie->eivanon,s m the ?ute of Flor-
ida, shall continue m toree.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is that act ?
