1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
read the third time; and the question was stated
to be, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HALE. Before that question is taken, I
desire to say a few words. I shall vote against
the passage of this bill, and I shall vote against
any supplies to the Army with which are mixed
up any appropriations for this Utah war. As I
shall do this, I want now, so that I may not be
misunderstood, to state very briefly my reasons.
I believe that this bill involves, if not an actual,
«i virtual, violation of the Constitution, i believe
that this war is a weak and wicked one, and that
a greater piece o£folly, politically speaking, could
not have been committed than sending an army
out into the wilderness to winter. I do not be-
lieve they will ever have occasion to strike a blow,
or that a blow will be struck; and if the President
would ask for an appropriation to bring them
back, I would vote for it. I am glad to have this
opportunity to vote against this bill, because it is
said to be popular—and it has been alluded to m
this debate many times—to vote for supplies when
there is war; and the ghost of the Federal party,
for their opposition to the last war with England,
has been used as a bugbear to frighten men with :
ever since; and a good many men have not got ;
over it yet. I was not old enough to vote on that :
war; but the next war that came was the Mexi- j
can war. I believed that to be—what I believe to j
be true of this—a weak and a wicked war, com-
menced in falsehood and prosecuted 111 injustice.
I was always willing to vote the President just
enough money to bring that army home by the
shortest route and in the cheapest mode, and I
am willing to do the same here whenever he wants
it. I voted against that war and against all sup-
plies to carry it on, and I voted alone against
thanking the generals who won the victories. I
should be glad to do it over again, if I had the
chance. I shall vote against this war for the rea-
son that I believe now, as I believed then, that
it is all wrong. With wicked rulers one of the
most prominent devices has ever been, when they
want to divert public attention from their mis-
chievous domestic policy, to plunge their country
into war; for that reason, I shall vote against the
supplies for which an appropriation is to be made
by this bill. I shall voteagainst every supply with
which is mixed up a dollar of thisBrigham Young
black mail. Having said that, I am willing to
take the vote.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. President,
against this bill, but not precisely for all the rea-
sons that have been urged against it in the course
of this debate. I believe the Government made
a great mistake in sending the army to Utah last
autumn, If sent at all, they should have been I
sent early in the year. 1 believe the Government !
has made a mistake in regard to the Mormons j
from the beginning of this trouble. It ought to j
have sent commissioners there, and righted their \
wrongs, if they had any, and at the same time let ;
them know that they must obey the laws of the j
country. I think the Government should have I
done this at first. They have chosen to yet other- j
wise. I regard these appropriations as extrav- 1
agant; they are very large, and I cannot give .
my vote for them. But I have no justification to
make for the Mormons. I think their conduct ,
has been rebellious against this Government; and '
if we had proceeded, as I think we should have ■
done, to send out commissioners, and had dealt -
with them as we should have done, and then they :
had continued to act as they have acted and are
now acting, I would vote any amount of money
out of the Treasury of the United States to main-
tain the laws of the country, and to bring these
people to obedience to the laws which they are j
violating.
Mr. SL1DELL. My colleague, Mr. Benja-
min, has requested me to state that he has paired
oif with the Senator from New York, Mr. Sew-
ard.
Mr. HUNTER. My colleague, Mr. Mason,
has paired off with the Senator from Maine, Mr.
Hamlin.
The vote was taken; and resulted—yeas 29,
nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, T5is?s, Bigler, Bright,
Drown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatuclc, Gtecu; Gwm,
Hammond llendei^on, Houston, Hunt or,! vewni,-'Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones. Mallory, Polk,
Pngh, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Wnght, and Yulee—29. .
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron. Chandler, Clark,
Collamcr, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes&enden, Foot* Fos-
ter, Hale, Harlan, King, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—19.
So the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
| adjourn.
! Mr. BIGLER. I hope that motion will not
I prevail: there is a very important judgeship to be
' filled.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, after some time con-
sumed therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlpril 24, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Jabez Fox.
Tlic Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the At-
torney General, asking an appropriation for ser-
vices of special counsel, and the reasonable ex-
penses of the late and present district attorneys,
and other expenses in defending the title of the
United States to public property in the State of
California; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
CONTRACTS FOR THE ARMY OF UTAH.
Mr. CURTIS asked the unanimous consent of
the House fo introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military AfFahs bo di-
rected to examine the contrary made to .-upply the army
of Utah, and a,>eertaui the nanueand bearing theioof; and
that said committoc nNo ascertain whethei any niodiliea-
tions of the.law aie neoe-isaiy to prevent fraud, and secure
the utmost economy in tho purchase and transpot tation of
Army supplies. That the Secretary of War, and the beads
of vanou«5 departments* of war, be, arid they are heieby,
severally directed lo furnish copies of all orders to purchase,
and contracts made by them relating to the furnishing sup-
plies to .said ai my of Utah, accompanied with a full .state-
ment of the time and place of advertising and negotiating 1
such contracts. j
Mr. WARREN objected. j
OLD SOLDIERS' PENSION BILL. ;
Mr. SAVAGE. I move the usual resolution !
terminating debate upon the bill giving pensions j
to the soldiers of the war of J812, in three hours 1
after tho Committee of tho Whole on the state of'
tho Union shall resume its consideiation. The '
special order on this bill terminates to-day, and !
unless this resolution is adopted, we shall not be 1
able to finish the bill to-day, and it will pass from 1
under the consideration of the committee, never |
to be brought up again without a suspension of
the rules, and another particular day being fixed \
for its consideration. I am exceedingly anxious I
to have the matter determined in-day, and I make .
tho motion only from the absolute necessity of j
the case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois? called for \
tellers on the adoption of the resolution. ;
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Clemens and !
Waldront were appointed. !
The House was divided; and the tellers re- |
ported—ayes 93, noes 9G. ,
Mr. SAVAGE demanded the yeas and nays, ij
-The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Atkins, Aveiy, Don- ,
nett, Bilimghui^t, .Gingham, Bishop, Blair, l h^, Bowie,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burbri«amc> Bums, Buuoushf, Case, i
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clavvson, < 'lay, Clark !
B. Cochianc, John Cochrane, Coekcrill, Co Haw Comms, ,
Coming, Covode, Cox, Cragm, James Ciaig. Curtis, Dam-
rell, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts. ,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Duifee, bdie, Elliott, i
Eustis, Fame worth, Fenton, Foley, Foster, GartreH, Gid- j
dings, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Grow, Lawrence IV. i
Hall, Itobcit B. Hall, j/Monison Hairis, Hawkins, Iloaid, j
Tluvler, .lewett, Kelloga, Kelly, Kelsoy, Knapp, Maciay, j
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miller, Morgan, i
Morrill, Edwaid Jov Morns, Isaac N. Morn?, Freeman II. j
Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Niblack. Olm, Parkn, Petur, Toy- j
ton, Pottle, Purvjance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts. Rojee, j
Russell. Savage, Aaron Shaw, Samuel A. fchmtli, spinner, 1
Talbot, Thayer, Trippef Underwood-,-Walton,Israel Wash-
burn, vVatkins, White, Wilson,- Woodson, J^ortendyke,
Augustus H. Wright, John V. Wright, and^oin^flfer-r-li)7.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott,"AhL Andrews,J'.Btlrksdale«tBo-
coek, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, l3ryan,Caihpbeii.C£rifther3,
Caskie, Chapman, Horace P. Clark; Clemens,- Otingman,
Cobb, Burton Cratge, Crawford, .Curry, I)avts of Indiana,
Dewait, Diuk, Edmundspn, Faulkner, Florence, Groove,
Giansjer, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeek, Harlan, Thomas
Harris, Haskin, Hatch, Hill, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Jackson, George W. Jones. J. Giancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Koitt? Kilgore, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher,
Lovejov, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Moore,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Pendleton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike,
Potter, Cluiunan, Ready, Reagan, Reiliy,Rttfiin, Sandidge,
Scale*, Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Judsoa W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton,William
Smith, Stallwoith, Stanton, Stephens, Tappan, Miles Tay-
lor, Tompkins, Wade. Walbiidgc, Waidron, Warren, EI-
lihu B. Washbume, Whiteley, and Winslow—-93.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. GARTRELL stated that Mr. Stewart,
of Maryland, had paired off with Mr. Thompson.
Mr. STEVENSCXN stated that had he been in
the Hall when his name was called he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAJvER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the motion of the gentle-
mnn from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] to lay upon the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] to the motion to postpone the consid-
eration of the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the Kansas bill was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table for a moment. I will renew
| it if he requests mc to do so.
I Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The motion was
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] who renewed it at my request, after I
had withdrawn it. I have no objection to its being
withdrawn for the gentleman from Georgia, as I
have extended the same courtesy to other gentle-
men.
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 withdraw the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I stated
yesterday, all that I want is that the House shall
thoroughly understand this bill, and fix an hour
when they will come to a vote upon it. The time,
<ur, is not so important to me as that every gen-
tleman shall have an opportunity to understand
the bill. I thought that a postponement till Mon-
day would give ample time. I think that two
weeks from Monday, at this advanced stage of
the session, is entirely too far off. As I stated
yesterday, the House will do me the justice to say
that I have acted fairly on this question from the
beginning. Considerations personal to myself,
as well as health, require my absence at an early
day, and that I should return home.
1 therefore ask it as a personal favor of the
House that they will rcconsidcr the vote taken
yesterday, and fix on next Wednesday, at one
o'clock, as the time when the vote may be taken
on the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. E will hear the
gentleman, but I do not yield the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, the report
of the committee of conference, which is an en-
tirely now proposition, in regard to Kansas, has
this moment been laid upon our tables. There
are many reasons why I desire to absent myself
from the House for some ten days. I desire to
leave on Monday. There are other gentlemen
called away, who desire to leave this evening. I
think we cannot have a deliberate consideration
and discussion of this bill prior to Wednesday
next. And, as it is impossible for me to go to my
home and return by "Wednesday next, I suggest
to the gentleman from Georgia that the proposi-
tion submitted by his colleague, and adopted by
the minority of the committee ofconference on the
part of the House, is the preferable motion. This
