1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
is an important subject, and the gentleman from
Georgia certainly does not desire to precipitate
the action of theHouse upon it without full and
mature deliberation and discussion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
to prolong the discussion. I just want the House
to know my views upon the subject. The first
question will be upon the motion to lay upon the
table the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harris] to reconsider. Ifwevote thatdown,
then we can reconsider the vote by which tho
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Hill] was
agreed to, and when that is done, we can amend
the original proposition by fixing Wednesday
next as the day for the consideration of this ques-
tion. I would prefer that it should be done by
common consent of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
thegentleman whether he proposes merely to post-
pone the consideration of the question till Wed-
nesday, so that it shall then come up under the
rules ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, sir, under
the rules; and if a majority of the House are not
then ready to vote without discussion, why the
hill will be subject to the rules.
Mr. GOODfi. I wish to know if I understand
the gentleman correctly. Do I understand him to
say that he will withdraw the motion to postpone
till Monday, when it comes up, and move to
postpone till Wednesday?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, sir; but
I should like the matter to be postponed till Wed-
nesday by common consent, without taking the
intermediate votes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The reply made
by thegentleman from Georgia tome has been
somewhat misunderstood upon this side of the
House, What I desired to know from him was,
whether it was his design to lnive the question
postponed until Wednesday, Then to come up
under the rules of the House, and then, if a major-
ity desired to debate the question, they would be
at liberty to do so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I answered the
gentleman distinctly that that was my purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I so understood
the gentleman from Georgia, and, of course, I
should prefer that it should be postponed with
that condition; but i still think it better that the
subject should be postponed to the day proposed
by the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Hill,] Mon-
day two weeks.
Mr. HILL. I desire, with the leave of my col-
league, to say one wend. I wish to state, this
morning* most distinctly, that m making the first
motion which 1 made yesterday, it was made
without any consultation with any human being.
It was a suggestion personal to myself, emanating
alone from my own mind. That proposition was
suggested by me to the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] and accepted by lum. But the mo-
tion which 1 subsequently made, to postpone the
consideration of the bill until the second Monday
m May, was made at the request of certain per-
sonal, but not political, friends, i made it to ac-
commodate them. I would havedono it to accom-
modate any gentleman who might have made the
appeal to me.
So far as I am concerned, if. is not my desire to
debate this bill at any great length, or to have it
debated. It occurs to me that if we agree to post-
pone the bill until the second Monday in May,
mid then allow two or three days for debate, fix-
ing upon the Wednesday or Thursday following
as the day upon which the vote on the bill shall
be taken, no great public interest can suffer. I
make the suggestion in good faith, i desire to be
here, and to vote upon this measure. I partic-
xiiarly desire that it shall not be voted upon in my
absence. I intend, in giving my vote, to do what
I think is best for the country, and do not expect,
when I do it, to make an apology to any person
m this House, or to any person anywhere on the
face of the earth. If it satisfies rac, I shall be
content.
Mr. CLAY. Wii! the gentleman from Geor-
gia yield me the floor for a moment, m a matter
personal to mysflf'
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I just wanted
to explain my view.*, and not to go into any gen-
eialdebate. I will, however, yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY. I merely wish to state that I, my-
self, like many other gentlemen in this House,
wish very much to go home. I want to get back
to my country. I want to see the grass growing
in this beautiful season. I want to see how my
stock are doing. I want to see my calves and
my colts. But, sir, this is the first time in the
history of legislation that I have known the affairs
of a great country like this to be postponed to
meet the private inclinations or wishes of gentle-
men. I am inclined to believe that there is not a
gentleman on this floor whose mind ig not this
day, and this moment, made up as to how he will
finally vote upon this question; and I do think and
believe that, for the peace and quiet of the coun-
try, and that we may all get home in good time,
the sooner the vote is taken on the question, the
better. Therefore, I am decidedly in favor of the
proposition made by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] who has been so kind as to
give me the floor. I have done.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say that for
two consecutive weeks I have been waiting pa-
tiently to start for my home. I have been here
from the commencement of the session, while
other gentlemen have been absent. I have been
upon tins iloor every day m which the House has
been in session from the first meeting of Congress
until the present time. My private aifairsdemand
my presence at home. I appeal to the House not
to force on the vote upon this question at a time
when I cannot be present. I cannot have time to
go home and get back by Wednesday next. I
cannot conceive any reason why it should not be
postponed. I ask, what injury can possibly arise
from postponing this vote till the second Monday
in May next? If the object is to cut off my vote,
I suppose it will be accomplished if the House
choose to force the vote at the particular time
mentioned by the gentleman from Geoigia, [Mr,
Srr.pnr.N's.] I cannot jemam until that time, much
as 1 desiie to vote upon this question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman that ho can easily got a pair.
Now, sir, I hope the House will, by general con-
sent, fix Wednesday next as the day to which
this question shall be postponed. If no.t, then, in
pursuance of my promise, I will renew the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider. Let
us vote that down; and then we can reconsider
and fix a day.
Mr. GROW. We give no unanimous consent
to that proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I renew
the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table, hoping that the House will vote it down,
reconsider the vote taken yesterday, and post-
pone the report until Wednesday next.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay on the ta-
ble.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is amotion to lay
the whole subject on the table in order now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will that mo-
i tion carry the bill and report with it?
I The SPEAKER. It will.
! Mr. HARMS, of Illinois. I make that mo-
■ tion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, and others,
! called for the yeas and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
! The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the whole
j subject on the table cannot be entertained pend-
j ing the motion to lay on the table the motion to
j reconsider. As soon as that shall be disposed of,
it will then be in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will then with-
draw the motion to reconsider, and make the mo-
tion to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
withdrawal of the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is entirely within
my own control.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, As I understand
the rules, it cannot be withdrawn except during
the day on which the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
petent for the gentleman to withdraw the motion
to reconsider, either on the day when the vote is
taken or the day following.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Can the
gentleman cut off thwnotion to reconsider by such
a motion as this ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has with-
drawn the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HUGHES. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the report of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] will -take precedence.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to inquire whether,
if the motion of the gentleman from Illinois fails,
the call for the previous question which I inter-
posed will not then come before the House ?
TJje SPEAKER. A demand for the previous
question will be in order.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it not in-order to demand
it now, and will it not then come up in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to inquire whether,
if the motion prevails, it will not carry with it the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Montgomery 5] ~
The SPEAKER. It carries everything, and
settles the question, so far as this bill is concerned.
Mr. BONHAM, Does it carry both the House
bill and the Senate bill ?
Mr. SICKLES. The whole, everything, Kan-
sas and all.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman from Illinois with-
draws his motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the proposition
which I had the honorof presenting was adopted:
I wish to inquire whether, if I renew the motion
to reconsider and lay on the table, it will take pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois would take precedence.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
privileged motion. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to postpone the subject until
the second Monday in May was agreed to, and
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
I understand it is in order to have that motion
entered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to have the motion entered; but it cannot be con-
sidered until the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, to lay the whole subject on the table, has
been disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There are several
gentlemen who say they want further time to con-
sider this subject. I therefore withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I then call
up my motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Mess.!?. Abbott. Andiews, Bennett, BHIingliur&t,
Bingham, Ulan, Bliss?, Bonham, Brayton. Biyan, Buffinton,
Bmlinsame, IJunougiis, Campbell, Cube, Chaffee, Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Hoi ace F. Clark, dawson, Clark L . Coch- 
rane, Co! I ax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Curtis, Dam-
roll, Davis of Maryland, Dnvw of Indiana. Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, I)ick, I)odd, Dur-
fee, Edie, Farnswoith, Fenton, Foster, Giddmgs, Gilman,
Gooch, Goodwin, Giangcr, Ciow, Robert B. Hall, flai-
lan,J. Momson Hams, Thomas L. Tlarin, Hat-km, Hill,
Hoard, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ivilgoie, Knapp, Law-
rence, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy, Ilumpluey Marsha!!, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Moniil, Edwaul Joy Morris, Isaac N,
Morns, Fieetnan II. Moise, Oiivci A. Morse, Mott, Muira\,
Olni, Palmer, Parkei, Petut, Pike, Porter, Pottle, Puiviance,
Quitman, Ritchie, Robbms, Robert-5, Royce, Aaioa Shaw,
John Shermap, Jud.-on W. Sherman, Shouci, Spinner,
Stallwoith, Stanton, Tappan, Tha\ei, Tompkm«, Trippe,
Undeiwood, Wade, Walbmige, Wakhon, Walton, Elhhu
B. Washbuinc. Jsiaol Washburn, and Wilson—105.
NAYS—Adiain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bouock, Bowie, Boycc, Bianch, Bur-
nett, Burns, Caiuthers, Ca>kse, John B. Clark, Clay, Clem-
ens, Clwgman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cock^rill, Corning,
James Ciaig, Burton Craige, Crawfoid. Cuiry, Davidson,
Dewart, Edmimdson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Foley, Gartieil. Goode, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groesherk, Lawience W. Hall. Hatch, Hawkins. Hopkins,
Hou-ton. Hughes, Hurler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewctt,
Geoige YV. Joae-,' J. Glancy Jone*, Owen Jones, Keitt,
R>Ily, Lcidy, Letcher. Maclay, McQueen, Mason, May-
natd. Miles. iMiUer, Millson, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Reagan, Reilly.. RuSrm,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scale.-, Scott, Sealing. Sew-
ard, Henry M. Shaw, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stephens.Stevcn*on, Talbot, Waid. War-
ren, Watkms, White, Whiteley, Window, Woodson,Wor-
tendyke, Augustus 11. Wright, John V. Wnght, and ZolU-
coffer—101.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. NiCHOLS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Dowdell, who had suffered last night
