1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
msi
with a severe chill. Although Mr. Dowdell
might have come up to the House, it was thought
best that he should not endanger hia health by-
doing so. He also stated that his colleague, Mr.
Horton, had paired off with Mr. Kunkel, of
Maryland.
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Landy, had been called home by illness in his
family, and had paired off with Mr. Ricaud.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Lamar.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Stewart, had paired off with
Mr. Thompson.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Taylor, had paired off with Mr. ;
Wood. |
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Kunkel, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HUGHES. I call for the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. GROW. That motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Why not?
Mr. GROW. The whole question has just
been postponed by a vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman labors under
a misapprehension; the question of postponement
is still pending. The motion to reconsider and
lay upon the table was made on the amendment I
to the original motion to postpone,and the question
now recurs on agreeing to the motion as amended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In that event,
then, and as this is an important vote, I move
first that there be a call of the House; and on that
question I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 155; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bennett, Billinghuist, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, lirayton, Bufiinton, Builinaaine, Burroughs,
Chaffee, Horace F. Clark, dawson, Colfax, Curtis, Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dick, Durfee,Edie, Fos-
ter, Giddiness, Oilman, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Thomas
L. Harris, llaskm, Hoard, Kellogg, Kelf-ej, Kiiguiu, Knapp,
Loach, Leiter, Montgomery, Edwaid Joy Morris, Tsane N.
Moms, Freeman II. Morse, Potter, Aaron Shaw, Wal-
biidge, Waldion, Walton, and Eshhu B. Wa^hburne—40.
NAYS—Messid. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson. Andrews. At-
kins, Aveiy, Baiksdule, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie,
fioyce, Bianch, Bryan. Burnett, Bums Campbell, Catiun- ;
er*, Caskie, Ezra CJat'k, John B. Cunk, Clay, Clemens, ;
Chngman,Cobb, Clark B. Cochiane, John Coelnane, Cock-
e*ill, Conims, Corning, Covode, Vox, Cragin, James Ciaig,
Buiton Oraige, Crawford, Curry, Damrell, Davidson, Davis
of Maiylaud,Davis of Massachusetts, Dean, Dcw.irt, Dodd,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eusns, Farn-worth, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Gaitrell, Gooch, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg, Gioesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Ilobeit
B. llall, Harlan, J. Morribon Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, li'll,
Hopkins, Houston, Ilovvaid, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. GlancyJones, Owen
Jone^, Keitt, Kelly, Lawrence, Leidy, Letehei, Lovrjoy.
Mac!ay, McQueen, Humphrey Mar-hall. Mason, Maynaid,
Miles,'Miller, Million, Moore, Moigan. Moriiil, Oliver A.
Morse, Murray, Niblack, Olm. Palmer, Paiker, Pendleton,
Pettit, Peyton, Phelp-, Phillips, Pike, Pottle, Purvtance,
CUiirman, Ready. Reagan. Reilly, Ritchie, Robbing, Roheite,
Royce, Russell,'Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seal-
ing, Seward, Ilenry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jnds-on W.
Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Spinner, StaUworth, Stanton, Stephen*,
Talbot, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood,
Wade, Ward, Wanen, Israel Washburn, Watkm-*, White,
Whiteley, Wilson, Window. Woodson, Wortendjke, Au-
gustus R. Wnghtj John V. Wiight, and Zolhcolfer—loo.
So the motion for a call of the House was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the call for
the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellris.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of Kentucky, and Clingman were appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What will be the effect of
seconding the call for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
tftai it will cutoff the pending motion to postpone,
and bring the House directly to a vote on the main
proposition.
Mr, CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 103.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DEWART moved (at ten minutes to two
o'clock, p. m.) that the House adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 92,
noes 101.
Mr. DEWART demanded the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays-there were
thirty-one in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
that is not a sufficient number to order the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Colfax were appointed.
Mr. HILL. I move the adoption of the motion
to postpone as amended.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending, and on
which the question must be put first, is the motion
to adjourn.
The House was divided;and the tellers reported
ayes fifty-six; (more than one fifth of those pres-
ent.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Baiksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bur-
nett, Bums, Caruthers, Caskie, Horace F. Clark, John B.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, CJnigman, Cobb, Cockenll, Corning,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, David-
son, Devvart, Edmundson, Elhott, English, Eustis, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foley, Gaitrell, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hughes. Tluyier, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Lamar, Leidv, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Mason,
Maynmd, Miles, Miller, Mooie, Niblack, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Phillips, (im tman, Ready. Reagan, R,eilly,Ruf-
fin, Russell, Saivhdire, Savage. Scales, Scott, Searing, Sew-
ard, ffenrv M. Shaw. Shortci, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel'
A. Smith, William Smith, Stallwoiih, Stephen?, Steven-
son, Talbot, Underwood, Waid, Warren, Watkins, White,
Wlmelev, Window, Woodson, Woiteudvke. Augustus R.
WiipUt, John V. Wn<rht, and Zolhcoffcr—106.
NAYS—Me-srs Abbott, Andrews, Bennett,Billm^hutst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bonham, Biavton, Buftinfmi, P ur-
Imoitne, Bunoughs, Campbell, Cast*, Challec, Cuapman,
Ezra Cl.nk, dawson, Claik B. Cochrane. Colfax, Comms,
Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Damrell, Davii of M<wjland, Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durfce, Judie. Fattisworth, Fenton, Fos-
ter, Guldmgr-s, Gilman, Gnoci), Goodwin, Grungir, Grow,
Robcit tt. Hall, Hailari, J. Moni&on Harris, Thomas. L.
Hart is, Haskin, Hill, Hoard, Howatd, Kellogg, KH«ey. Kd-
gore, Knnpp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Mat^hall,
Millsori, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Jov Mor-
ns, Isaac N. Moiria, Freeman ft. Morse, Ohvei A. Wot^c,
Mott, Murray, Olin, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Pike, Potiei,
Poitlc, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Robei ts, Rnycc. Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman. Judson \V. Sherman. Robeii Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Timer, Tomnkins, Tnppe,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Walton. Ellihu B. Wash-
bunie, Isiael Washburn, and WiL-on~99.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at ten minutes past
two o'clock) adjourned till Monday, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlprll 26, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Jabiyz Fox.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented additional papers, ex-
planatory of the accounts of the State of Maine
against the United States, under the treaty of
Washington; which wore referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BIGGS presented the memorial of John H.
Wheeler, late United States Minister to Nicara-
gua, praying remuneration for services, losses,
and expenses, incident to that mission; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
: tions.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
: Legislature of New York, requesting the Sena-
tors and Representatives of that State in Congress
to use all honorable means to obtain the promo-
tion of Lieutenant Maury to such rank in the
Navy as his eminent services and merits entitle
him to; which were ordered to He on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of ship-
owners and merchants of Boston, protesting
against the enactment of a law requiring them to
purchase " Rodgeis's Signals;" which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of Thomas
Jones and others, of Clermont county, Ohio, pray-
ing to be allowed bounty land for services in the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of A.
Davis Harreil, a lieutenant m the Navy, who
had been: placed upon the retired list and after-
wards restored to the active-service list, -praying
indemnity for expenses incu rreii*s indefending
himself before the-baaed uipon whose - judgment
he was restored to his position inthe-Navy ;-Wvhich
was referred to the Committee on Naval .Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorialof Mad-
ison Suntser, praying compensation for provis-
ions, blankets,&c.,furnished the Dacotah Indiana
at Traverse des Sioux, in Minnesota Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
District of Columbia, praying that an appropria-
tion may be made for improving Boundary street,
in the city of Washington; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington county, in the District of Colum-
bia, praying an amendment to the act of July 1,
1812, conferring certain powers on the Levy Court
of that county*, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Etting, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Webster
S. Steele, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of Webster S.
Steele. The hill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James A. Glandmg,
submitted a report accompanied bya bill (S. No.
292) for the relief of James A. Glanding. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 65) for the relief
of Thomas Smithers, reported it without amend-
ment,
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Franklin
Peale, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 293) for the relief of Franklin Peale. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House of Representatives had
passed the following bills; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was lequestcd:
A bill (H. It. No. 100) to revive an act entitled
i( An act for the relief of the heirs, or their legal
representatives, of William Conway, deceased."
A bill (H. II. No. 209) for the relief of the rep-
resentatives of William Smith, deceased, late of
Louisiana.
A bill (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Pierre Broussard, de-
ceased.
A bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of Regis
Loisel, or his legal representatives.
ST. MART'S RIVER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to call up a joint
resolution which I offered on Saturday. It is a
matter of some importance, but it will not occupy
more than a few minutes. The engineer of the
work on the St. Mary's river has discovered a
cheaper and easier channel; and he desires that the
change may be left to the direction of the Secre-
tary of War. If the Clerk will read the resolu-
tion, I think it will pass without opposition. It
is an important matter, and it is desirable that it
should be acted upon at once. I ask for the read-
ing of the resolution. I think there will be no
objection to it.
'.There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 31) authorizing the Secretary of War to
expend the appropriation made July 8,1856, upon
such channel of the St. Mary's river as he may
select, was read a second time.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Michigan whether it would not be proper to refer
that proposition to the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. STUART. That is not necessary. It is
simply to authorize the Secretary of War to use
