1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustls, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis, Greenwood, Groesbeck,
Lawrence \V. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Ilujder, Jackson, Jewett, George W.
Jonc-*, J. Gianey Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Lamar, Lawience,
MeKil'bm, McUuoen, Humphtey Maisliall, Ma^on, May-
nard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton,
Pej ton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Reiily, Iiuffiu, Ru&sell, Sandidge, Savage, Sealcs, Scott,
Searing, Seward, HeniyM Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Stall-
woith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot.
Miles Tayloi, Ward, Warren, Watkins, White, Whiteley^
Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus 11. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Bunoughs!, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, EziaClark, Clawson,
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,Comms, Covode, Curtis, Dam-
rell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dick,Dodd,I)urfee, Fanioworth, Fenton, Foster,Giddings,
Gihnan, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin. Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Haskm, Hill, Hoard, Howard, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Purviance,
Riedud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman, S|iinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, ElUhu B. VVashburne, Israel Washburn,
and Wilson—88.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was laid
upon the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read and agreed to:
Resolvec', That the Committer on Military Allans be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of
pionding hy law, that all bounty land wariants issued in
consideration of imi itaty service under the piovi^ion of exist-
ing laws, and winch may have been issued subsequently to
the death of the applicant, shall not, by reason of&uch death,
become invalid, but shall descend to the heirs or be subject
to the devisee of the applicant, and be subject to location
and patent in the name of the party entitled thereto, and
report by bill or otherwise.
TITLE TO LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to introduce a bill on
the same subject, which was before the last Con-
gress, but failed for want of time. It is a bill de-
claring the title to land warrants in certain cases.
I hope the gentleman from Massachusetts will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I yield for that purpose.
The bill was introduced, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
california mails.
Mr. McKIBBIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the transportation of
the mails of the United States between New York,
New Orleans, and the city of San Francisco, and
to reduce the expense thereof; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I decline to yield further.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn; there being,on
a division, ayes 72,noes 97.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman to yield ;
to me for a moment. j
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields the j
floor it must be given to the gentleman from Ken-1
tucky, who rises to move a privileged question. !
Mr. CHAFFEE. We have been here for more ;
than two months, and the Private Calendar has |
not yet been taken up. There are two hundred !
and thirty-seven cases upon that Calendar. I ask I
now that the white people of this country shall
have some legislation. j
Mr. Chaffee's motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Millson in the chair.)
adversereports from court of claims. ;
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be an adverse report from the Court of 1
Claims, (No. 90,) upon the petition of Frederick
Griffing.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that by unanimous
consent the committee pass over these adverse re-
ports, and commence with the bill which follows.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and in-
sist that they shall be taken up in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Then as they come up I shall
move to postpone their further consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And I shall ask
that the report in each case shall be read. These
adverse reports are upon the Calendar, and, until
disposed of, will stand in the way of other busi-
ness. We might dispose of them as well now as
at any other time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In view of
the requisition made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that all these adverse reports shall be read,
and looking to the late hour of the day at which
it is proposed that we shall enterupon that work,
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to withdraw that motion
for a moment until I put a question to the Chair.
I ask the Chair whether it will not be in order, on
taking up each one of those adverse reports, to
move to postpone it, and if the question on that
motion must not be decided without debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose these reports have
to be disposed of-some time or other, and we
might progress with some of them now. They
are upon the Calendar, in the way of everything
else, and we ought to dispose of them, so that they
may not be in the way when next we go into com-
mittee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Tennessee calls for the reading of each
of the leports.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from Tennessee only to ask that cases shall be
disposed of as they are reached on the Calendar.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, 1 will
withdraw the motion to rise, that we may see
whether we can make any progress.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand the gentleman
from Tennessee to require that each report shall
be read before it shall belaid aside. Now, I make
the point of order that a case is not up for con-
sideration. Under the rules of the House, each
case upon the Calendar is to be called by its title.
If any member objects to its consideration, then
the question is to be put whether the case shall be
taken up or not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is not objec-
tion day.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not care whether it is or
not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule to which
the gentleman refers applies to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. I say that the rule prevails in
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
as well as in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; it applies
only to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated that he will receive a motion to postpone
any case as it is called.
Mr. STANTON. What objection is there to
beginning at the top of the Calendar and recom-
mending that the decision of the Court of Claims
be concurred in where there is no objection ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that tins debate in not in order. The first case on
the Calendar will be reported.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is the dispo-
sition of the committee, or the will of the commit-
tee, to report those cases upon the Calendar in
which the Court of Claims have reported adversely
to the House, with a recommendation that the
House concur in those adverse reports, I shall not
object to it.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; that is precisely
what I desire.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
there is no question before the committee.
The first case on the Calendar was an adverse
report (C. C. No. 90) upon the petition of Fred-
erick Griffing.
Mr. STANTON. I move that that case be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that the report of the Court of Claim*
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I
would suggest to the committee that they should
agree to lay aside all these adverse reports, to be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that the adverse reports be concurred in, except
such as any gentleman present may desire to have
excepted. If there be any cases upon the Calen-
dar which have been reported on adversely by the
Court of Claims, which anygentlemen here wish
to have considered and discussed with a view of
overruling the decision of the court, Jet those be
excepted from the proposition; but let all the oth-
ers be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that the report of Court of Claims be con-
curred in.
[Loud cries of "Agreed!"]
The CHAIRMAN. That can 6e done only by
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
The cases were then called in their order upon
the Calendar, as follows ; when those to the dis-
posal of which no objection was made were sev-
erally laid aside to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that the decision of the Court
of Claims be concurred in:
An adverse report (C. C. No. 92) upon the pe-
tition of Francis Picard, administrator of Pierre
Ayott. [Objected to by Mr. Palmer ]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 93) upon the pe-
tition of Francis Picard, administrator of Pierre
Ayott. [Objected to by Mr. Palmer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 94) upon the pe-
tition of George W. Dow and John H. Ditmas.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 95) upon the pe-
tition of Daniel Vanwinkle.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 96) upon the pe-
tition of Joseph Lorenger.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 97) upon the pe-
tition of Michael Musy and Andre Galtier.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 98) upon the pe-
tition of Henry Gr. Carson, administrator of Cur-
tis Grubb.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 99) upon the pe-
tition of Philip Lamoy and others. [Objected to
by Mr. Palmer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 305) upon the pe-
tition of EzraT. Marnay, administrator of Louis
Marnay. [Objected to by Mr. Palmer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 106) upon the pe-
tition of Henry Miller.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 107) upon the pe-
tition of Stephen C. Hayden.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 108) upon the pe-
tition of David Noble. [Objected to by Mr. Pal-
mer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 109) upon the pe-
tition of Joseph StokHy and others, heirs of Ne-
hemiah Stokely. [Objected to by Mr. Palmer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 110) upon the
petition of Jeremiah M. Williams and others,
heirs of Thomas Williams. [Objected to by Mr.
Thompson.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. Ill) upon the pe-
tition of Arnold Harris, administrator of Robert
Armstrong. [Objected to by Mr. Covode.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 112) upon the pe-
tition of E. B. Chamberlain and others, heirs of
Captain Joshua Chamberlain.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 114) upon the pe-
tition of Eliza Shafer, widow of Jonathan Shafer.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 116) upon the pe-
tition of Augustine Demers and others, adminis-
trators of Francis Chaudonet. [Objected to by
Mr. Palmer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 122) upon the
petition of Alexander H. Cook.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 123) upon the
petition of Joshua R. Jewett, heir of Joseph Jew-
ett. [Objected to by Mr. Palmer.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 124) upon the
petition of James M. Thorne.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 125) upon the
petition of J. C. Buckles.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 126) upon the pe-
tition of James Thompson, surviving partner of
C. M. Strader & Company. [Objected to by Mr.
Marshall, of Kentucky.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 127) upon the pe-
tition of Robert Harrison. [Objected to by Mr.
Hawkins.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 128) upon the
