2806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
J
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that the amendments
of the Senate to the naval appropriation bill be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The committee then resumed its session.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Fifty-second amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 13. Andbeit further enacted, That the line surveyed
by John C. McCoy, "in 1838, as the western boundary of the
haH-bieed tract, specified in the tenth article of the treaty
made between commissioners on The part of the United
States and certain Indian tribes at Prame du Chien, on the
15th of July, 1830, be. and the same is hereby, established
as the true western boundary of said tract.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment
of the Senate is to restore an old line. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a non-
concurrence. In 1830 a treaty was negotiated
with these Indians, fixing their western boundary
line That line was run in 1838 by Mr. McCoy.
Within the last year—in 1857—a now line has
been run, which makes a difference of some miles,
I do not know exactly how many. The effect of
the last line is to throw more territory into the
Indian reservation. If this amendment is passed,
it will take away laud from the half-breeds and
throw it into the public lands belonging to the
General Government. It is said that persons
have squatted along the line, and the effect of this
amendment is to change the line surveyed in 1857,
under the Government, and lustorc the old line of
1838.
Mr. FERGUSON. I will (state to the House,
that prior to the establishment of the new line iu
1857, some sixty settlers had settled upon this
land, now in dispute, and have made substantial
improvements, and, in fact, one town of consid-
erable importance has been built upon it. The
Indian half-breeds, who are to be benefited by this
land,are squandeung the property that comes into
their hands as fast as they accnuie it. If this pro-
vision is not made lor the relief of the bona Jide
settlers upon that land, speculators will derive the
benefit of their improvements—improvements
amounting, according to the evidence, to over
seventy thousand dollars—made in perfect good
faith, and in utter ignorance of there being any
new line to be established or run.
Another thins:: there n, great uncertainty as to
whether the old line is not really the true one—
thi' one that should remain for all time It is well
known to western men that the Missouri river
changes Us couise frequently, sometimes tlueo
quartei s of a mile, or a mile, in the cout s<; of a few
years. It is probable that, in 1838, they took the
Missouri river as it then ran, and ran ten miles
up the other river. I have no doubt that was the
case, for there are indications that the river has
changed its course, thus throwing out of Nebraska
some lands which formerly belonged to her. An-
other thing: the Secretary of the Interior says,
the. number of Indians, or half-breeds, who will de-
rive benefit from these lands, will be diminished;
so that each one entitled under the treaty, -will
i'jceive his quota, and will receive as much as was
ouginally intended. I wilt say that this whole
matter has received the deliberate consideration
of a committee in the other end of the Capitol.
They actcd upon it advisedly, with all the inform-
ation derived from the Department, and 1 believe
they acted rightly.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by striking
out the words " by General McCoy, in 1838,"
and insert in lieu theieof " in 1857." When this
piopositjon came into the Committee of Ways
and Means, weendeavored to procure information
m regard to it. And in that .search 1 procured
information from the Secre'ai v of the Interior, at
a subsequent time, concerning the amendment
now under consideration. As 1 understand the
facts of the case, they are these; by the treaty
made with these Christum Indians, they were to
be entitled to a tract of country ten miles w;de
and thirty-five miles ;n length. When this, line
was run,an error was committed; and in 1857,
the Department of the Interior, upon its own mo-
tion, and for the purpose of doing justice to these
Indians, directed the line to be propeily run by
their own officers, and it was then run as it now
appears on the plat before the House.
1 am informed further by the Secretary of the
Interior, that at the time the line was run in 1857,
there were no settlers upon those lands, but that
they had gone on to the land since, knowing where
the line was; that they had settled between the
line run in 1857 and the original line. It does
seem to me that every principle of fairness and
justice to every Indian tribe demands that we
should execute the treaty in good faith; we should
give them a tiue and accurate boundary, embra-
cing all the land we designed to convey in the ar-
rangement of the treaty between them and us. If
there were settlers on the land, they had no rights
there, having gone thet-e with their eyes open. If
they chose to do so, and a loss overtakes them, it
is their own fault; and this Government should
not assume the burden, and entail upon us the
expense of giving them this land.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. FERGUSON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, as well as the Secretary of the Interior, if
the gentleman from Virginia reports him truly,
are both mistaken. I believe the Secretary of the
Interior was never in Nebraska. It happens to
have been my fortune to reside there for the last
four years, and I know from personal observation
that there were fiom forty to sixty settlers upon
that reserve, or living1 close up to the line, as es-
tablished in 1838, prior to the new line being run.
I know the fact, because I was there when tiie
new fine was run, and 1 know the pei tutbation into
which the settlers weie thiown when they saw
the Government surveyors establishing that new
line. Therefore, if the argument of the gentle-
man from Virginia and the information of the
Secretary of the Interior are based upon the sup-
position that there were no settlers there, they
fail, because they are not founded upon facts.
There were settlers there, and they went there
two ycais before the line was run, and they went
there in utter ignorance that any change was con-
templated. "If any remuneration is to be made,
is it better to remunerate the Indians, or the while
settleis who have made $70,000 of substantial im-
provements upon that land ;
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia will not prevail.
[Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
(H. II. No. 257) to increase the pension of Henry
E. Read, a citizen of Kentucky, and for other
purposes.]
iVir. J. GLANCY JONE3. For the purpose
of saying a woid oi two, 1 move to amend by in-
serting the words "Secretary being dnectedto
ascertain the true hue according to the stipulation
of the treaty. "
I wish to corroborate what my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Lutciier] has said m leference
to the Secietary of the Interior. The information
from the Secretary of the Interior was, that there
were no settlements upon the land between the
two lines, so far as he was informed, until after
the establishment of this new line. The settle-
ments have been made since that time. If the
facts are as my friend from Nebraska has stated,
what harm can ensue to the landholders by call-
ing upon the Secretary of the Interior to have the
treaty line ascertained? If the line of 1857 is
wrong, why not have it resurveyed ? why not as-
certain where the line is ? The Secretary can cor-
rect the eiror if it is wrong; and if it be right it
ought to stand. I hope the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means will prevail.
Mr. CURTIS. I have never been on this land,
but I have been in the vicinity, and I know that
the reservation is regarded as the most desirable
land in that corner ot Nebraska. I know that the
trouble was to keep the white people from going
on to the reservation itself,and therefore I am con-
vinced of the correctness of the statement of the
Delegate from Nebraska—that the white people
occupy up to the line which was formerly run and
known.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to put a question to him? is it not reason-
able to suppose that if the surveyor, sent out there
by the Secietary of the Interior, found settlements
on the land, he would have reported that fact?
Mr. CURTIS. It is not at all likely that he
would have done so, for it was a matter of gen-
eral notoriety. I am confident, without seeing
the ground, that the white settlements would have
encroached as closely as possible on it, long be-
fore 1857. The settlements in Nebraska com-
menced in 1853-54; and that section of Nebraska
being the most desirable, was certainly settled;
so that I am confident, without having ever seen
the ground, that the statement of the Delegate is
true. The Indians and settlors both lecognized
the old survey that was m.uked out.
It seems to me now, that the only wise and
proper way to act would be to permit the settlers
to retain that which they settled upon, and to in-
demnify the Indians for their loss by this error of
the Department,arising from an erroneous survey.
Many of them have been setth d there for yeais,
and have acted on the presumption that the De-
partment had caused the proper line to be run.
It is always easier to compensate the Indians thavi
white men, although I would have equal justice
done to both. If you do not indemnify the In-
dians, you will have to indemnify the persons who
will be deprived of their homes. It seems to me
that, in common justice, the settlers ought to have
their rights established by Congress.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES withdrew his amend-
ment.
The question recurring on Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. LETCHER withdrew it.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend by striking out
the last four lines. The object I have in view is
two-fold. The first is, to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if the es-
tablishment of this line will not add very much to
this particular reservation 5
Mr. LETCHER. That is the information we
have.
Mr. COBB. I have some information in respect
to the reservation. As the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] says, this is one of the finest tiacts
of laud the sun now shines upon. I am very well
acquainted with the management of that reser-
vation, and with the persons who have been con-
nected m procuring it from the Indians.
I am well aware that if the old boundary should
not stand as contemplated by the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, it would cut
off a large amount of terntory to be given to the
Indians, and thereby affect a very targe body of
speculators who have gone on that reservation
and bought, up those Indian claims. Whether
they have paid a valuable constdeiation or not, it
is not for me to say. I know that 1 should like
to get some of them, and pay five hundred per
cent, profit upon tlv> prices paid for them. If the
old line is established, it cuts off these specula-
tions. I know the honesty of purpose of my
friend from Nebraska, and I appreciate his zeal
m protecting the interests of his constituents; but
I am sure that if the old line were established it
would affect a great deal of these speculative
operations. The land outside of tins old hue must
necessarily become public laud, and be brought
into maiket; and the speculators wiio have pro-
cured claims within the boundary will lose the
benefit of their trade with the Indian tribes. That
is about the whole of it. 1 do not think it neces-
sary to make any further statement about it.
[Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Rills, reported as truly enrolled a joint resoluuon
(S. No. 31) authorizing the Secretary of War to
expend the appropriation made July 8,1856, upon
such channel of the St. Mary's river as he may
select; when the Speakei signed the same.]
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Alabama will be vou d down;
that the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means will prevail; and that the amend-
ment of the Senate will be non-concuried in. I
do not intend to decide upon the justice of these
claims, on one side or the other; but I do object
to a class of private righis like this, between the
Indians on the one hand and speculators on the
other, being settled by an amendment m an ap-
propriation bill, without knowing anything about
the facts. It is a wrong method; and, if we were
to follow it up, and apply it to all subjects, we
might supersede the necessity for all courts, and
undertake to render justice between private par-
ties in all cases.
I object to the amendment, without any refer-
ence to its merits, because it is a wrong principle
of legislation; and I hope it will not be concurred
in.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the amendment. My
object was to get the facts befoie the House.
The question recurred upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate'.
