1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lfS'8
is a competent gentleman; he has traveled in that
country a great deal.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Fitzpatrick ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir. He speaks the
Spanish language as fluently as a Castiiian. He
has been all over South America, and is perfectly
competent to judge; and he is the only mai I
know of who has been there recently that is com-
petent to judge. He was treated with great con-
sideration and kindness by the Government of >
Paraguay. This opinion receives additional con- I
firmation from the fact that Paraguay has now :
opened all her rivers to the commerce of the whole '
world—even this very river where the Water i
Witch was fired into between Oorrientes and Par- |
aguay. She has opened her commerce to the i
whole world, and England, France, and Brazil
are trading there, reserving to herself the right j
to exclude or admit vessels of war. But this ob-
jection is more technical than otherwise, because j
vessels of war drawing more than five or six feet j
of water cannot enter those waters at ail. ;
I think there is no necessityfor this resolution :
in its present form; and I venture to predict that j
if it passes in this form it will defeat the object in j
view; but if you pass a resolution in the ordinary :
form, giving the President the right to send a mes- !
senger to demand reparation for these wrongs, I
and to negotiate a commercial treaty, you will \
succeed. \
Mr. SIMMONS. I was unfortunately out of j
the Chamber when the Senator from Florida be- |
gan this debate. As I understand him, he thinks i
that the clause as to force is a new provision in a i
resolution of this sort, unusual in the history of ;
the relations between this Government and for- [
eign nations. There is a similar p i ovisi on J think,
m the law passed in ]8l 1, when the President had ,
this discretionary power given to him in reference j
to Florida, but there may be some distinction be- j
tween that and this. i
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Rhode j
Island will permit me one moment. I trust if he j
refers to that resolution he will take the condition j
of East Floridaat that time into consideration. It j
was in the hands of a set of patriots, and was :
about to be taken possession of by the enemy.
Mr. SIMMONS. But it was before we hod an
open enemy. It was in 1811, when we were at
peace with all the world, that the President was
authorized to use the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States, and take possession of that countiy if
he thought the occasion justified it. It was a mat-
ter of discretion merely. I say we have hitherto
given to the President the discretion which is con-
templated to be given here.
I now come to speak of the facts in this matter.
It is said this is the fiist opportunity we have had
to negotiate on the question of these outrages, i
Ry the correspondence in the report before us, it !
will be seen that when this treaty was presented ;
for ratification, (by referring to the correspond- j
ence between our agents and the Minister of Par- j
aguay,) instead of the Paraguayan Government .
showing any disposition to make redress for these ,
wrongs and outrages, they suspended this treaty ■
on the ground that the United States had not rftade j
reparation for their taking the Water Witch. 1
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to my friend from ;
Rhode Island, that the treaty had not the slightest ;
reference to any outrages or wrongs whatever.
They were riot under consideiation. ,
Mr. SIMMONS. I know that; but I call the ■
attention of the Senate to the fact that when the !
treaty was presented, the Minister of Foreign Af- I
fairs of Paraguay said what I will read. After !
speaking of tue credentials of our agents, he said:
<v It ih requisite, th<*r«'toio, that you should ho pleased to .
deci.ue object of suul s-peeu'J commission in oidei that i
wo I'M} ui.ilor-wnil tile hall tn the pending(jue.-t'ons in re- i
gaid to the couipl niifs of the- Government ngaiiu't thai of '
tlic United States lot the ions offences ofFoied to it hythe
-candalous ho.--ithi.es ot the commanding officers of the
Watei Witch, a lanced Stated vessel of wai."
He calls this firing into the Water \Vitch a
scandalous hostility on the part of'the Govern-
ment of the United States. This is very singular
language, coming from a nation who fired into
the Water Witch and killed one of the crew. Af-
ter doing this, they call on us to make reparation
for that injury ! This matter of redress for the
insult to our flag, runs? through the whole of this
correspondence; and the amendments made to the
treaty which were also said to be objections to its
ratification, were mere verbal amendments in rct-
ercnce to the title, whether this should be called
the United States of North America, and the
North American Republic, instead of being called
the United States. These were the amendments
that caused the necessity of sending it back to be
ratified on the part of that Government, and they
took that mode of pushing the matter off.
There were quite a number of these alterations;
and inasmuch as our agent was not charged with
making redress,and perhaps brought these matters
under their consideration, they finally dismissed
him until he could come clothed with authority
to make redress for the injuries the Government
of Paraguay had received by their attacking the
Water Witch, and confiscating the property of
our citizens! With such a half barbarous peo-
ple, I think the best way is not to send a great
many men back and forth, allowing three or four
years to elapse between, but to send a proper
commissioner, clothed with power to treat these
people properly, and let them understand that
this sort of bombast cannot be used with impu-
nity; that these attacks on our flag cannot be
made without some danger of being rebuked. I
have no doubt you might keep up negotiations
for years, and you would get just the same kind
of redress. I think we ought to pursue a more
vigorous policyin our dealings with these people,
and with other nationsalso; I have suffered great
mortification in hearing our citizens complain of
the difference between the treatment they received
and that received by subjects of other maritime
Powers, in all the countries of South America,
and pretty much all over the world. We peimit
these outiages, and let them go until everybody
has forgotten them before there is any redress.
They take advantage of our lenity to inflict n great
many outrages on our citizens, and it is a reflec-
tion on us that they are not promptly redressed.
I can see no motive the President can have in
exercising this discretion injuriously to the trade
and commerce of the United States. It is his par-
ticular duty to see to these negotiations, and if
he cannot be clothed with some authority to ac-
company his messenger of peace with^a force that
will make his authority respected, he will return
rebuffed in the same way you were before. No
mnn can road this correspondence without regret-
ting that there had not been some armed force there
to bring to their senses people who talk of a halt
in our foreign relations on account of the insults
they offered when they fired into the Water Witch,
killed the man at the holm, and cut her adrift. I
hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. MALLORY. I think my friend from
Rhode [hktnd will find that he totall}'' misappre-
hends tins cane; and when he talks about a pre-
cedent being furnished for the introduction of
the word " force" here growing out of our rela-
tions with Florida in iHll, he is certainly mis-
taken. He will recollect that there was a patriot
war in Florida; that the English were there agi-
tatmgfortho possession of the country, and there
was a party m favor of tiansfen mg it to them.
They had possession of it from 176:2 up to 1187,
and there was a kii$>c party favorable to the ac-
quisition of that counti y by the English Govern-
ment. The course then taken by Congress was
to authorize the President to take possession of
the country if there was a party there ready to
transfer it to us. That is no precedent for this
case.
When the Senator says that President Lopez
refused to ratify this treaty on the ground that
there was a halt in their relations with us on ac-
couutof our outrages, he is mistaken. General
Lopez referred solely and exclusively to what he
consideied the outiage on the part of Captain
Page, by facilitating the egress from the country
of parties who had not paid their liabilities. That
was the outrage he complained of. He did not
allude to the firing into the Water Witch. If the
Senator will look at the dates he will see that the
difficulty grew up in August, 1854, the treaty was
received m October of the same year, and the firing
into the Water Witch was in February, 1855.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was reading from a letter
of the Paraguayan Minister dated in November,
1856. It might have preceded this, but the date
does not.
Mr. MALLORY. The Water Witch had not
been fired into at all when the treaty was pre-
sented for ratification. The President of the Re-
public had reference solely and exclusively to the
transactions between Captain Page and the ten
Americans. When I say ten I put it at the out-
side. I think there were only six or eight. • The
names of the witnesses which are appended we*re
only four, and I presume they got all*they could".
Probably the Americans did not exceed ten. "Gen-
eral Lopez had reference exclusively to thatdiffi-
culty and no other. He contended then, as he
does now, that there were open and unsettled dif-
ficulties between these persons and himself, which
ought to be rectified before the treaty should be
ratified, and he claimed that those difficulties
should be covered by any subsequent treaty.
Now, 1 will ask the Senator from Rhode Island
whether he does not know that we never have
claimed any reclamation of General Lopez? We
have never given him an opportunity to say
whether he will atone for this wrong or not. I
will go as far as the furthest to demand atonement
for that wrong, and to enforce the demand prop-
erly. I will certainly give an opportunity to Par-
aguay to do it without an act of force on them—
without going to them and demanding reparation
sword in hand, particularly when they have in-
formally told our agent that they were ready to
negotiate, and offered on the spot to negotiate a
treaty which should be entirely satisfactory, if he
would only bring it to this Government, fie was
not empowered to do it, and did not do it. If
you will strike out the word f( force," you will ac-
complish this: you will send an agent there who
will speak the language of the country, which
you have not done before; he will negotiate a
treaty covering these transactions, and accom-
plish all you expectcd to gain by the treaty of '
1854.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator must certainly
be mistaken. I read from a letter addressed to
Mr. Fitzpatrick in November, 1856, about this
very treaty. Here is the instruction of Mr. Marcy
to him, dated August, 1856. That was subse-
quent to these outrages; subsequent to the con-
fiscation of this property; subsequent to the firing
into the Water Witch by this fort; and the Par-
aguayan Minister then said:
u l have the lionoi to address myself to the special com-
missioner o( hi«s Excellency the President of the United
Stales ot Ameiiea, tosav to him that I have obseitvedin his
credential tetter ol iho 30tJ  ot July, of this year, his spccial
authorization for the tole purpose of exchanging Ihc ratifi-
cations of the treaty of the 4th of March, 1855, and that the
honoiable Heeieury of State of tiie United States, in a note
which iie hat addressed to me, dated the 5th ot Augu&tid&t,
makes known that you have been appointed special com-
missioner to confer with me on all the matters connected
with the Hiteiests and lelationsof our respective Govern-
ments.
'• It is requisite, therefore, that you shoukhbe pleaded to
declare the objects of saicJ special commission, in Older that
we may understand the halt in the pending questions 111 re-
cant to the complaints of tin-* Government against that of
the Uniied States for tiie serious offenses offered to it by the
scandalous hostilities of the commanding officers of the
VWuer Witch, a United States vessel of war." * *
I avail myself of this opportunity to salute the special
commissioner with my most distinguished consideration
and esteem. NICOLAS VAZQUEZ;"
That is subsequent to all this.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to theSen-
atorfrom Rhode Island, whether that allusion was
not to the fact of the Water Witch interfering to
get people away from that country contrary to the
order of the President—not to the firing.
Mr. SIMMONS. But he does not say what it
is. He speaks of the scandalous conduct of the
Water Witch.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was the matter they
complained of. Then it ought not to be repre-
sented that they were complaining that they fired
into the Water Witch.
Mr. SIMMONS. No. I say that it was the
Water Witch matter they were talking about.
Mr. COLLAMER. The complaint about the
Water Witch carrying away those people is a dis-
tinct thing from the firing.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is nothing in these
letters showing to you that they were carrying
away these people.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will look into
the dates, he will sec that the difficulty with the
commercial agency occurred in August, 1854. The
treaty was received at Paraguay in October of the
same year, and offered by Captain Page to be rat-
ified. The President of Paraguay refused it. That
was after the transaction between the merchants
and the Government, and the subsequent refusal
of Colonel Fitzpatrick merely followed up the
first. • ' • :
