098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
sentatives in Congress from this State, and also to said John
C. Watrous a ceilified copy of this joint resolution.
Approved January 19,1858.
Department of State,
Austin, Texas, January 23,1858.
I, the undersigned, Secretary of State of the State of
Texas, do hereby certify that the above and foregoing is a
conect copy of the original on file in this Department.
Given under my hand and the seal of the Department of
State, the day and year first above written.
T. S. ANDERSON,
Secretary of State.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolutions
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GWIN. Some days ago I offered two
resolutions, which I ask may be now acted on.
They are merely resolutions of inquiry.
Mr. HAMLIN. If they give rise to no debate
I will interpose no objection.
Mr. GWIN. They will not lead to debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to increase
the facilities for refining gold for coinage in the bianch
mint of San Fiancisco.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GWIN. I now ask that the other resolu-
tion be considered.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War furnish to the Sen-
ate a copy of the military topographical memoir, report, and
maps of the military department of the Pacific, by Captain
T. J. Oram, of the corps of topogiaphical engineers.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that resolution. I'do
not want any more books printed. I want to know
what that report is?
Mr. GWIN. It is no book. The Senate can
tell whether it should be printed or not, when it
shall be received.
Mr, Pl/GH. I withdraw the objection.
The resolution was adopted.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERR'ED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered^ Thai the petition of Harrison Sargent, on the
files of the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Orderedf That the petition of William G. Dove, on the
files ot the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
notice of a bill.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to reorganize the Su-
preme Court of the United States and the circuit
courts of the United States, so that the several
States shall be represented by judges in said
courts more nearly on the basis of their federal
population, while the admimstiation of justice
ahull be made more speedy and efficient.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
138) further to provide for the safety of passen-
gers on stoam vessels; which was read twice by
its tale, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
mr. meade's instructions.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution; and as I may have something to say on
it, let it lie over:
Resolved, That tin1 President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, the instructions given to the Hon.
Richard K. Meade, United States Minister to Brazil, pre-
vious to his departuie from the United States.
The resolution lies over for consideration under
the rules.
reports of committees.
Mr. CAMERON,from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
message of the President of the United States on
the subject of contracts made in Europe for inland
passage tickets for intending emigrants to the Uni-
ted States, reported that the usual number of the
message and the accompanying documents be
printed; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
J. E. Martin, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 134) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of J. E. Martin. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the House bill
(No. 81) to amend an act for the relief of White-
marsh B. Seabrook and others, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
Mr SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
James M. Hand, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 136) for the relief of the heirs
of John B. Hand. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Y. Hansell,
William H. Underwood, and Samuel T. Beecher,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
135) for the relief of W. Y. Hansell, W. H. Un-
derwood, and the representatives of Samuel Rock-
well. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William Na-
son and others, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 137) for the relief of the heirs-at-
law of the late Abigail Nason, sister and devisee
of John Lord, deceased. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
expenses of investigating committees.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a joint res-
olution (No. 10) making an appropriation for the
payment of expenses of investigating committees
of the House of Representatives; in which the con-
cuiTcncc of the Senate was requested.
Mr. HUNTER. The joint resolution which
we have received from the House of Representa-
tives ought to be passed to-day. It provides for
an addition to the contingent fund of the other
House to enable them to pay witnesses sum-
moned before the investigating committees.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time by unanimous consent, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, it makes an ap-
propnation of $35,000 as an addition to the con-
tingent fund of the House of Representatives to
pay the expenses of the various investigating com-
mittees of that House during the present session.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
indiana senatorial election.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the reportof the Committee
on the Judiciary, relating to the contested seats
from the State of Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived when it is the duty of the Chair to announce
the special ordei.
Mr. IIAMLIN. This is a matter of privilege
which overrides all special orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses, on reflection, that that is proper. That
resolution, by a vote of the Senate, was laid on
the table some time ago, and the Senator from
Maine now moves to take it up and proceed with
its consideration now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, if I insist on proceed-
ing with it, it conies up as a matter of course. It
was so ruled the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will rec-
ognize the right of the Senator to call it up. Ho
does not perceive any difference between its pres-
ent position and that which it occupied on the
former occasion. The report is now before the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, this matter has
been a long time delayed, and it seems to me it is
just and appropriate that it should now be determ-
ined. It is important in every point of view in
which it can present itself to our minds. It is
important in relation to the State of Indiana; it is
important in relation to the persons who are hold-
ing seats hen1 from that State: it is important in
relation to the Senate. It ought long since to have
been decided, because it goes to the very organ-
ization and existence of this body. It is the first
duty of this body, I hold in all cases, paying re-
gard of course to the just rights of other parties,
to examine as promptly as may be any question
which arises involving the title of a Senator to a
seat on this floor. I think I can appreciate the
feeling which the Senators, or the persons sitting
here claiming to be Senators from the State of
Indiana, must possess. I think each of those
persons has stated in his place that it is his desire
that this matter should be decided by the Senate.
I can well understand why they so desire. They
are entitled to seats on this floor, or they are not;
and they have a right to know whether they are
rightfully here. The Senate is bound to determine
that question, because, if they are not here right-
fully, the Senate ought to know it.
The people of that State have a right to have
this matter investigated. I repeat again, that it
is a question which ought long since to have been
settled; and the record furnishes an account of a
delay which is to me inexplicable. I cannot un-
derstand why it has been postponed and procras-
tinated, when the Senators themselves are asking
for a decision, and the importance of the case de-
mands a settlement of the question. Why pro-
crastinate it? Why should it not be determined
at this time? Whenever an attempt has been made
to get the attention of the Senate to the question,
and to settle it by formal votes, with the yeas and
nays recorded, it has been thrust aside; the Sen-
ate has refused to act on the matter, and it has
been laid upon the table.
The original remonstrance in this case I find
was presented against the right of one Senator
[Mr. Fitch] who took his seat during the last
Congress. The memorial or protest was referred
on the 9th day of February, 1857, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and that committee held
the protest until the 26th day of February, before
any report was made upon it. On the 26th of
February a report was made, accompanied by a
resolution, which I think was, in substance, if
not precisely, the same resolution that has been
submitted to the Senate by the Committee on the
Judiciary at this session of Congress. It was a
resolution to authorize the sitting members to take
evidence, but no action was had on it. I know
it is said that there could have been no action;
but that is not true. The majority of the Senate
might have chosen, as they did choose, not to act
upon it; but they might have acted upon it if they
had been so disposed. There were no obstruc-
tions; there were no objections that could not
have been overcome, if the Senate had been dis-
posed to determine the question at that time. It
is enough for me to say that after the matter had
been delayed before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and a report made at that late hour, the
Senate did not see fit to act. It is not true, in
point of fact, that they might not have acted.
They might have acted if they had so chosen.
Then, sir, at the extra, or executive session,
which commenced immediately succeeding the 3d
day of March, that protest was again referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, involving the
rights of both the sittingmembcrs from that State,
the other Senator [Mr. Bright] having at that
special session taken the oath of office under the
same election I have examined the papers care-
fully, and I believe-I am right when I say that
there is no difference in the two cases; they rest
upon the same basis; both are entitled to their
seats here, or neither is. The Committee on the
Judiciary again reported a resolution to take evi-
dence. On the 9th of March, at the extra session,
the papers were referred, and on the 13th of March
the committee reported; and upon that report no
action was had, the Senate adjourning on the same
or the subsequent day. Certainly*it was not more
than one day after that report was made when the
Senate adjourned.
Mr. BAYARD. It was referred on the 9th of
March. The Senate had on the 12th determined
to adjourn on the 14th. The report was made on
the morning of the 13th, and went over in conse-
quence of an amendment being offered, and debate
arising.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very probable that it was
impossible at that stage of the proceedings to have
acted definitively on the resolution. It may be
true that there could have been no action at the
extra session after the report of the committee was
made; but I insist that these reports could have
been made by the committee in as many hours
after they were submitted as were taken days.
