1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I'm
Mr. MASON. The period fixed in the treaty
for the exchange of ratifications, at first, was, I
think, fifteen months; but it was found from the
time that it took the treaty to get here, and the de-
lay that occurred before the Senate, that it would
be impracticable to exchange ratifications within
the time originally prescribed, and then the time
was extended, I think, to a period of twenty-four
months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Extended by whom?
Mr. MASON. Extended by the Senate.
Mr. PESSENDEN. By our Senate ?
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me foramoment? The amendments to the
treaty were generally insignificant; but one was
to extend the time within which the United States
were to ratify it. All the rest were the striking
out of the word " North" before the word "Amer-
ica," and the striking out of the words "North
American" so as to make the title of this country
" the United States" instead of the erroneous one
which the treaty contained.
Mr. MASON. It was presented to the Gov-
ernment of Paraguay within the extension of
time which was made by one of the Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. MALLORY. It was nineteen months from
the making of the treaty.
Mr. MASON. 1 advert to this treaty not be-
cause their failure to ratify it is any reasonable
ground of complaint on our part—it will not be
found to be made any part of the complaint in the
President's message—but because it has been ad-
verted to by the honorable Senator from Plorida
as furnishing some ground of reasonable com-
plaint on the part of the Republic of Paraguay
against this Government. We have no cause of
complaint that she did not ratify the treaty. The
cause of complaint is, that she has shed the blood
of an American citizen, which is unatoned for at
this day. The honorable Senator from Florida
says we have made no demand for atoneinenL.
We have not; we have no minister there. Ithas
not been in the power of the President to do it.
The request now is that Congress will place it in
liis power to do it, and it is objected to because
the President has been informed from official
sources—and I confess I should agree perfectly
with the President, from the tenor of the informa-
tion laid before him and by him before the Sen-
ate—that to send a minister there to ask for re-
dress, unless tile President of that Republic knows
that that minister will have it in his power to en-
force it if it is refused, will be very idle and very
fruitless, and, in my humble judgment, a very un-
worthy movement on the part of this Govern-
ment toward that Republic. We have no minister
there, and it is necessary, therefore, that a com-
missioner in some form should be dispatched for
the purpose.
Again, sir, the honorable Senator from Florida
says that this Rhode Island company was pro-
hibited from leaving the Republic of Paraguay,
and their passports were revoked because they
made an effort to go away without paying then-
debts, and that the Water Witch, under Captain
Page'scommand, properly intcrposedand brought
them away, having first obtained from the Presi-
dent of Paraguay permission to go. I will say
to that honorable Senator that a very different
version is given in the official report (whatever he
may have found in unofficial reports) made by
Captain Page of the conduct of that Government
towards these citizens of ours. The version there
given is that they had, under invitation of that
Government, embarked a very large property,
sent out a number of men, made large^establish-
ments within the domains of Paraguay in the pros-
ecution of their business, and that President Lo-
pez, for purposes of his own, (for he seems, ac-
cording to their account, to have been himself
largely engaged in the business of the country,)
finding that his personal profits were likely to be
invaded, took measures at once to oppress them
and sequester their property, and compel tliemto
go away. That is the version given in the official
report.
I3e that as it may, the question submitted to the
Senate, and I am sorry to have detained them so
lone on it, is a very simple one. The President
informs us that this insult and injury have been
committed not only upon the American flag, but
have been accompanied by the loss of the life of
an American citizen m the service of the Govern-
ment under that flag; that, in addition to that,
American citizens who had been invited to that
country, and who had embarked large property
there, had their property confiscated, were sub-
jected to very heavy losses, and ignominiously
driven from the country, and he asks that author-
ity be given to him to demand redress, and to en-
force it if it is refused.
I can conceive of no reason why this recom-
mendation of the President should meet with an y-
thing but favor at the hands of the American
Congress. The Senator from Florida inquires
why, when our flag was fired into by the Spanish
ships at Havana, the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations did not propose the same measure? I
should have supposed that that honorable Sena-
tor could have answered the question very satis-
factorily himself. That country is close by. As
soon as information was received that our flag
had been fired into, the President of the United
States, having a minister at the court, according
to proper usage, took immediate measures through
that minister to demand redress, and redress was
obtained; and if Paraguay was within our reach,
small and feeble as it is, I should be of the opin-
ion, for one, if we had a minister there, that that
minister should be instructed to require redress
without accompanying it by force; but we have
none; the country is distant; and the-facts before
us satisfy my mind that there is a necessity for
this measure. I am strengthened in this opinion
by reflecting on the condition of that country, and
the character of General Lopez, who, the Senator
says, he is informed is the leading spirit in South
America. He may be, but his conduct has shown
him to be the leading brigand of that whole re-
gion; and I apprehend, from the unfortunate con-
dition of their population, the character of their
population, their ignorance, the character of the
mixed races there, that the leading spirit among
them always will be the leading brigand. That
is certainly the character of Lopez.
The honorable Senator says that Lopez has a
son who is a different sort of man; and that son
said that if he had been at Asuncion when the
insult was committed on the Water Witch, he
could have prevented it, or could have obtained
redress for it, I do not know which. That may
be true. All I have to say is that we have no in-
formation about the son, or the disposition of the
son. In the official correspondence we can treat
only with the father; and there is enough m that
correspondence to show that, although he may be
a leading spirit, it is the spirit of a leading ruffian,
and requires to be checked, if he should refuse our
demand. I have no idea that lie will refuse, if he
is made aware that the Government of the United
States has a competent force ready to ascend into
his waters, and enforce redress. Then he will
not refuse; for all leading spirits of that sort cower
and quail in a cowardly manner immediately, as
soon as force is presented to enforcea demand. I
will not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. MALLORY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foieign Relations has said a great deal,
and raised issues which are entirely irrelevant to
this subject, to which I will not attempt to reply.
I gave the source of the information I obtained.
It is as reliable as that upon which the Senator re-
lies. It was from the only agent that we ever have
sent to Paraguay—the only one we have ever sent
there to negotiate any treaty. In regard to the
very treaty which has been brought to the atten-
tion of the Senate, the time for its ratification was
extended from fifteen months fixed in the treaty,
to twenty-four. We presented the treaty in about
nineteen months, but we presented it through
Captain Page, who was at that time engaged in
an angry controversy with the President of the
Republic of Paraguay; and it was a personal ob-
jection to Captain Page, undoubtedly, that induced
the rejection of the treaty. When we presented
it by our special agent, sent to present it, about
three years after it was framed, it was long after
the time had expired, even as extended by our-
selves, and under no consideration was President
| Lopez called upon to ratify it. Notwithstanding
all that the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations has said, he has not told us whether we
have ever informed General Lopez that we have
a cause of quarrel with him. We nevetyet have
done so. We have never signified to lum that we
are dissatisfied; that we stand in need of repara-
tion; and until we do so, with great deference to
the judgment of the Committee on foreign Rela-
tions, I say that we ought not to talk aljautforce
when the information we have, reliable or- not,
coming from our special agent, is, that they .are
ready to make a treaty. The Committee OB For-
eign Relations rely a great deal on the testimony
spread out in the report. Their judgment is reli- .-
able, just as it is supported by thefacts. If we
can give a better reason against the report they
make, the Senate, I presume, will take it. In tliia
very correspondence, the Minister of the Repub-
lic of Paraguay says distinctly to Colonel Fitz-
patrick:
" I am likewise directed by his Excellency the President
of the Republic to make known to you that his Excellency
is in the best disposition to renew tile negotiations ofa treaty
of friendship, commerce, and navigation, as soon a-, his Ex-
cellency the President of the United Suites may desire to
send a plenipotentiary to this city lor the purpose, with-suit-
able inductions."
He offered to negotiate then. Our agent said
that he was not empowered to do so. He then
says to him officially, I will negotiate one at any
time that you may send a person here empowered
to do so.
"With such an opportunity, the pending questions,to
which I have icferred in my previous note to you o! the 8th
instant, can be settled, it not being easy to continue longer
without a solution which shall strengthen the good under-
standing of the two Governments."
There he makes a most distinct and unequivo-
cal offer to negotiate a treaty. It comes from him.
We have never offered to make one. We sent
tins treaty to be ratified by Colonel Fitzpatrick
three years after it was negotiated,long after the
time extended for the ratification by ourselves.
My friend from Virginia says we have no min-
ister at that country. It is well known our
minister is at the mouth of the river, at Buenos
Ayres, and his mission is to Parana. Steamers
start weekly to Asuncion from Buenos Ayres,
and the English and French ministers go to As-
uncion. They negotiated their tieaty when we
negotiated oui s,and theirs has been ratified. They
are trading under it. That is another objection.
We can empower our minister at any time to go
to Asuncion in any vessel and make a treaty. It
is only ninety days from Baltimore to Buenos
Ayres, and only eighteen hundred miles up the
river from there to Asuncion.
I concede, sir, that for the blood of American
citizens shed full atonement must be demanded,
and must be had, and that no indulgence should
be allowed. But when the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations undertakes to brand
President Lopez as a brigand, it only shows that
ho knows very little of the character of President
Lopez. It shows that he knows very little indeed
of the amelioration of the condition of Paraguay
which President Lopez has superinduced. It
betokens very little knowledge indeed of the re-
sources which the President of Paraguay has
himself developed in that country. So far from
being a brigand, he is a statesman, and one of the
leading inen in South America.
I oppose this proposition only bccause I have
at heart precisely the same end that the chairman
of the committee has, and because I feel confident
that if you go there with force before you have
made any demand for redress, thus excepting Par-
aguay from thatusual routine according to which
you treat other nations, you will notattain the ob-
ject. You mayobtain reparation; you may obtain
the money which this company claims, and you
may obtain redress for the shedding of American
blood; but will you negotiate a treaty of com'
merce? Is that the way to beget friendly relations
with an American Power, when we have at that
very place the agents of France and England op-
posing us, and endeavoring to engross the whole
trade for their countries? We have to compete
with them. They will throw every obstacle in our
way, and, as a matter of course, if we empower
our agents to use force without making any de-
mand for redress, we shall get reparation for these
injuries, but we shall make no treaty ofcommerce.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I was one of
the Committee on Foreign Relations by whom
this lesiSution was reported. I did not appre-
hend (at the time the report was made) it to be
a subject of any doubt; and I wish to state very
briefly the view which I took of the case. Under
a decree of the Government of Paraguay, citizens
of the United States emigrated to that country,
| and established themselves in manufactures,agii-
I! culture, and trade.
