1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2809
the dt«bur--ing a^cnt of the Government, to any dishurs- i!
ing a«ent connected Willi any public woik m the piocess of j:
My amendment will bring; the committee to a i
■vote between a disbursing agent ami a collector, '
and afford the committee an opportunity to de- ;
tennme whether, where the compensation is the i
same, they desire to throw the disbursements into I
the hands of a collector instead of leaving them in !
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it within
the contemplation of the gentleman'from Vuginia
that the collector will personally perform'this
duty ?
Mr. LETCHER, If he does not perform it
he wiii have to get another person to perforin it,
without additional compensation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. He will have
a person to fulfil! the duty of disbursing agent,
Mr h A *ir * 1 I 1-1 r\ 1\ A I .J . ft .Xi-? ...Ml _ 2 ' i' . _i
manner in which the superintendent pi ogresses
with the work. I do not perceive, I do not un-
derstand, why it is that gentleman who are con-
for low wages, who will become the tool of the
collector.
Mr. LETCHER. If the collector has a dis-
nectedwith the Ways and Means Committee, and i! ^ V", i lflC, uccor nas f T
Wk„ !, !„ ,i.« „„„„„„„ .1  * • >«'?«"? agtnt Ul"ler him who understands hi
why it is that the Senate propose to throw these
lai-otr duties upon the collectors; why the collector
at New Oi leans and the collector at Now York,
in addition to the immense patronage and immense
compensation that each receives," should be, by
force of this law, invested with the right to one
quarter of one per cent, upon all funds that are
disbursed for public works within their districts.
I would rather follow the more democratic plan
of having the money which we spent divided out
among a number of persons drawing moderate
salaries, and whose responsibilities are more di-
rect, than to have it all piled on the collectors, who
are always mere politicians, in these largo sea-
board towns. Take my own town. Take Cin-
cinnati. Why should we take away from the men
who are now the disbursing agents of the Gov-
ernment the compensation they receive, and pay
it to the collectors of these ports, provided the
disbursing agents are willing to ptrfoim their du-
ties at exactly the same l ate of compensation ' I
see no reason for it. If the Secretary does his
duty, he will always have if in his power to re-
move a man who cannot keep his accounts riirht.
I suppose that he requires that the accounts shall
come up to him in due form, and that the vouch-
ers shai) be all regularly presented. I presume
the process of accountability is perfect, so that for
every dollar of the money drawn by these dis-
buistng agents from the Treasury, they are re-
quired to file vouchers. I cannot see how putting
the matter in the hands of collectors is going to
effect anything in the way of economy, and I do
not think it will do anything m the way of effi-
ciency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER,. Mv friend from Kentucky
seems to be lather puzzled to understand the
movements of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
think that that is any wonder.
Mr. LETCEIER. Now, I had not supposed
that he would be one of the gentlemen who would
be advocating an enlargement of Federal patron-
age; but it seems that this is exactly the point to ]
which he is coming now. His whole speech was
directed to that end. He wants to know why it
is, when you give the collector a salary for the
discharge of his duty, you should assign to him :
at the same time the duty of disbursing agent in ;
regard to the erection of public buildings. Now,
if there was no other reason for it, the simple r^a- '
son that it diminishes the number of employes, ■
ought to be a sufficient reason with him. :
Mr, HUGHES. Is not the advantage of dimin-
ishing the number of employes more than coun-
terbalanced by concentrating a vast amount of in-
fluence m the hands of one man5
Mr. LETCHER. Why, Mr. Chairman, itis
absolutely wild to talk about a vast amount of in- ;
fluence m the hands of a collcctor, because he is :
made a disbursing agent. The patronage which ;
he bestows as a collcctor, is a patronage worth
talking about; but iu regard to this other matter
of disbursing public funds, ail he has to do is to
keep an account of them. I see no patronage in 1
that.
Mr. HUGHES. However wild it may be, does i:
not the collector have the same amount of money 1
to disburse under the proposed change, as the dis"-
bursing agent now has? and yet the gentleman
from Virginia finds fault with the gentleman from ,
Kentucky, and charges him with advocating an
increase of offices and patronage.
Mr. LETCHER, Is it an increase of natron
business, I think that disbursing agent will be bet-
ter than one who does not understand his busi-
ness.
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. But the Sec-
retary of the Treasury ought only to appoint one
who does,understand it.
^ Mr. L^ETCllER. When the Secretary of the
Tieasury appoints a collector as disbursing agent
he appoints a mau who not only understands the
business devolving on him as collector, but one '
who has some knowledge of the mode of keeping '
accounts; but when you appoint a superintendent
you appoint a man who has a knowledge of me- j
chanics,and not one who has a knowledge of ac- i
counts. That is a material difference. [
Mr. MA RSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle- ]
man does not mean to produce the impression i
t here that the superintendent is the disbursing '
'agent?
I Mr. LETCHER, f understand that he is. Rut
i what dors the gentleman want to have ? lie wants
; the Secretary of the Tieasury to go around and '
, hunt up somebody who is to be ihe disbursing
agent Now, what is the use of it? Here is the
! collector, who is familiar with these duties, who ;
: can discharge them without inconvenience, and !
j without imposing additional expense on the Gov- !
j ernment, who has capacity and experience to 1
| discharge the duties; and yet, when the Govern- .
j mentis not to be saddled with additional expense,
I the gentleman proposes to s>-nd out on a mission 1
| to hunt up somebody else, who, he thinks, may ■
' discharge them as well. i
| [Here the hammer fell.] !
| Mr. EUSTIS. I do not understand , nor does
1 any gentleman on this side understand, that there
i is any eomplaintat all as to the character of these
; disbursing officers. I heard the whole debate on
j the subject in the Senate, and the great objection
j made was as to the expense. Now, I understand
j the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
1 to remove that objection by providing for paying
to the disbursing officers the samA amount pro- 1
posed to be paid to the collectors—one fourth of
one per cent.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the debate, will go on
regularly; and that if the gentleman from Louisi-
ana be allowed to make a speech, I will have a >
right to reply.
The question was taken, and the amendment ;
to the amendment was not agreed to. !
The question recurred on the Senate amend- ,
ment, on which tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Marshall of Kentucky, and Taylor j
of New York, were appointed. j
The committee divided; and the tellers reported 11
—ayes one hundred and eleven, no^s not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Skc. 19. Aiid 6c it finthzr auicted. That to enable the
Sccretaiy of the Intenor to party into eiled tne twentv- i
fourth section of tin* civil and diplomatic net ot Match 3. ;j
1&55, by pay in? the elum^ on tile a« ordered for a^e^ment : I
by Messrs. Eaton and H .jMpv,and Washington and Ma-urn,
commissioner undei the Cheiokee treaty of 1835, there be
appiupnated $-30,1 00
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment. The objection to it is,
that, while former payments under tiiis Cherokee
treaty have been made in accordance with the
assessments, this is a proposition to pay claims
ordered to be assessed.
Air. BRANCH. I am glad to find that the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of "Ways and
Means, that this amendment be non-concurred in,
• ; proposed to carry out. I will state, however, be-
,j fore reading it, that this amendment of the Sen-
;j ate is to carry out an express, explicit provision
if of a law passed by Congress in 18,35. There is
i a remnant of the Cherokee Indians remaining in
| the western part of North Carolina. In 1835 or
j J836, the Government made a treaty wito the
■; Indians by which it became possessed of a large
I body of valuable lands. In" 1845 or 1846, T be-
j heve, a supplementary treaty was made, provid-
,j ing, together with the oiiginal treaty, for certain
11 payments to be made to the Indians for their res-
ervations and for other purposes. In 184S,an act
#yas passed directing those provisions to be car-
ried out, and they were carried out, and a portion
of the claims were paid. In 1854, Congress
passed another law, under which another portion
of the claims were paid. In 1855, Congress
• passed another act, which I will read:
i " Sec. *24. And be it further cnactcd, That the tenth sec-
tion of the <i«'t m.\kinsr appiepilations for the current and
contingent expense* of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling tieav stipulaiions with vaiious Indian inbes,
appioved Juh 31, 1854, be carried into effect by pajjng the
valuation^ ascertained and reported by Me^r/ Upton and
^imiiicy. ami othet otlieial asse^-sms, asoidered bv the com-
tnii>ioucr> under ihe Cherokee treaty of 1835 and 18:56, with
interest on said valuation*,) e^pectivVjy, from the date of the
snid commissioners' orders for as.se«Mnem; and that the
Secretary ot the (hum tor be furthei directed to fill the blanks
in Mich awards as aie on his files with such amounts, re-
spectively, as may be established by proof of value satisfac-
Uny to him, and pay the same."
That act recognized the debt to these poor In-
dians; but, as it contained no appropriation, the
Secretary of the Interior was unable to comply
with the oidcr of Congress. The amendment now
: under consideration proposes simply to make an
| appropriation to enable the Secretary of the In-
j terior to cai ry out this act of 1855. if there can
i be a claim on this Government that is sanctioned
j by law, if there can be one that needs no further
examination, certainly tiiis is such a claim. 11is
established by two treaties solemnly entered into
by this Government with these ignorant savages,
and sanctioned by two laws of Congress, recog-
nizing the debt and providing for the paymentof
the largest part of it. If that is not sufficient to
1 establish the justice and propriety of Congress
■j making the small appropriation necessary to pay
j; the remainder ofthe claimants, then I cannot see
■j how a claim could be established. All the large
I claims have been paid. The former appropria-
j tions of Congress were exhausted in paying the
1 larger claims. The small sum now asked is due,
! I am informed, to the poor and more dependent
! part of that tribe. These Indians are in the west-
ern part of North Carolina, and are located in the
district lately represented by a gentleman who
now occupies a seat at the other end of the Cap-
itol. 1 am informed that they are needy, and that
their claims are just; and on looking into the sta-
tutes and treaties of the country, I find that they
have been tune and again sanctioned in the most
solemn manner.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the sum of $30,U00. My
information m relation to the matter is, that under
the act of 1855 these Indians have been already
paid everything which was due them.
Now, let us look at the language of that act. It
is as follows:
age for A to pay £, wnen C would nave to ao Uie is founded on a total mistake, as I will snow to
same thing: ' !! tne committee oy reading ftorn the act that it is ,
i " Thot the tenth <.eetion of the act making appropriations
1 for the current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and lor fulfilling tieaty sppnlatioii^ with various
; Indian uiIjo>, approved July 31, 1851, be cariied into effect
, by paying the valuationsa.sceriained and lepoited by Messrs.
; Upton and Summey, and otherofiin.il a^sess.ors,asoidernrj
b\ the commissioner under the Cherokee tieaty of 1S3<>
and 1835,with wteicst on said valuations,ie?pectivelj,fio n
J t!n> date of the said commissioners' orders for asM;s ment's
i and that the Secretary of the Interior be further dnecied to
J fill the blanks in such awards as are on his file?: with sneh
i amounts, icspectively, as mav be establi-hed by pioof of
j value i>atisfactojy to iiim, and pay the same."
! The property had been valued, and the Gov-
J ernment of the United States undertook to pay
1 the assessed valuation as furnished to the Depart-
i ment; and wherever the amount was not spociti-
. cally carried out in dollars and cents, the Secie-
tary of the Interior was authorized, where there
had been a specific valuation and assessment, upon
proof of that fact, to fill up the blanks. Now, that
law has been executed and the money has been
paid under it. What is proposed here?
•' To enable tne Seeretni v of tne Interior to earrv into
effect the tweiuv-fourin $.ecuon oi tne civil a.m diptomauc
act of Marca 3,1655.* —
