2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
thp vpry act I have been reading,
kt r>\ ji'tv iiiif Mm* ''Nimi- on rile
{1-H'mi .tint iiilhlev.''
itv ordered for assessment bv
Now 'he assessors named in the act of 1855,
were Messrs Upton and Sumniey. Ail applica-
tions on file oitiered to he assessed are to be paid
under this amend mem Sir, I ask if there is not
a very material difTWenc.e between tlie two, and
W!)i• 11)e), wtten you !ia\e paid out the $30,000 pro-
vid- d heie under the nub-finite terms of this clause
of the law, you may not he in for twice, or thrice
thirty thousand dollars' That is the reason why
(he Committee of Ways and Means was against
it. \W maintain that we have paid all. We#
made inquiry of the Secretary of the Interior, and
he told us that, if this amendment wereadopted,
it would he impossible to tell what amount we
would have to pay.
Mr BRANCH. The gentleman from Virginia
states thai the twenty-fourth section of the act of \
1855 has been executed, and that he has been so j
informed by the Secretary of the Interior. I ask {
the gentIonian how it could have been executed i
wh«m it contained no appropriation r The twenty- ,
fourth seciton   f that act simply sanctions and :
recoffnt7.es that as a debt upon the Government in ;
favor of these Indians. It contained no appro- ;
pnation, and I am informed, as a mutter of fact— ■
for I have no persona! knowledge about the mat- 1
ter—that the Secretary of the interior has, within .
a very short time, stated to a gentleman moreim- 1
mediately interested in the passage of this amend- j
ment,a former Representative fiom that district,
that the act had not been executed because there
was no appropriation.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman just here,and lean putan end to the whole
aigument. If he will look to the close of the sec-
tion he will find this language:
" Willi Midi .nnount- re-peetivcly may he established j
by pi oof ot value smiMacini y to It tin, and puy the \ame." |
JV1 r BRANCH. Does the gentleman state j
within his knowledge that that section carries an j
appropriation, and that it has been paid? j
Mr. LETCHER. It is my uuderstandinglhat [
the act has been executed, and that the names of j
Upton and Summey in this amendment, and the >
names of Eaton and [lubley m the other amend- j
ment, show that they are not tl^e same cases at i
all. I
Mr. BRANCH. All I can say is, that my in- !
formation is totally different. It is that the act !
has not been executed, and that it has not been :
executed because then; was no appropriation. ;
But one thing we know beyond doubt; and that |
is, that if we make this appropriation, and it shall j
turn out that the money has been already paid,
the Secretary of the [ntei lor will not pay it again, ,
and it will return into the surplus fund in due j
course of law. How the diseiepaney happens
between the statement of the gentleman from Vir- j
ginia and that of the gentleman from whom I de- j
rived my information, I cannot tell.
Mr. LETCIIER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Jiud he it t'other entitled, That there shall be paid,
out ol nn\ money tn the Trea-my not othet \vi>e appiopi i-
ati'd. to ('haile- U M.wnt, K.-eieiaiv oi the 'IVrnuuyof
Wa-lntiLMnii, lite (h lien •nee bei ween the >;ilaiv ol (iovei ntu
ami -upenntendeui ot' Indian alV.uu, and iho ^al,iry ot the
Seeiet.trv ol ihe Tet i Hot y r>l W.ifhtnston, tor the time -aid
Charter (I Vf.wni w.i- .letuur (Jovemor and superintendent
ot' fuduu aliatis ol «,aid 'renuoiy.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, This amendment
is intended to make the salary of the Secretary
of tlie Territory of WttNhnigton, while acting as
Governor ad interim, equal to the salary of Gov-
ernor and superintendent of Indian affairs. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixtieth amendment:
Jlnd he it faitJm enacted, 4''" • That the «alary of the ?ur-
vujor yenet.U u| Washington Tenitotv .-hall i>e §3.50(1 a
yew from the einmneneemeni of the pro: ent fi-cal year; and
theie i- hereby appiopnated  o much a® may be requned
tor thai pin pose. J
Mr. J GLANCYJONES. The present salary
of that officer is §3,000. This amendment pro- j
poses to make it §3,500. The Committee of Ways ,
and Means recummend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in .
Sixty-first amendment:
Jlud be if further enacted* <$v., That tn alt case? of judg-
ment- and decree* ni .ui\ tettitonal <ouit of the United
rotate- now reudoied. or hero.u'tvr to be rendered, and tiom
which there mrzlit be a wi it oi error orappea I to the Supreme
Court of the United State>, there mav he presented Mich
win of error Or appeal, within the time and under the re-
-stm noiif. hunted bv law, to .-aid Supreme Couit. riotwith-
>ntmhnij -tieh Terutorv may, alter -uch judgment?* and de-
cree-, have lieen admitted into tlie United ritato; and -aid
Supreme Coutt-hall, when the -anie W decided, direct a
mandate to -ueh eouit a< the nature of the wnt of error or
appeal, in their payment, mav leqtnre.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Considerable diffi-
culty has arisen tn consequence of the suspension
of judicial proceedings m Territories, in conse-
quence of their admission into the Union as States.
The Senate propose, by this amendment, to allow
these judicial proceedings to proceed in the same
order, as far as appeals, &c., are concerned, as
they would have done had the Territories not
been admitted into the Union as States. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-second amendment:
Jind he )l further evaded* That the Secretary of tlie Sen-
ate and ('let k oi the Uou-e of Ucpie-entativC' he, and they
are hereby. dueeied to eontititle, down to the 4tli ot Match,
the compilation ol the congier—lonal documents pub-
lished by Congress under the mime of •♦American .State
l'apei-,"' in the -atue manner a*  tlie firM •j«,ue«« thereof,
under the authoiity ot the act of Congress of Match '2. I8M,
and the joint resolution of Congte-* ol Match 2, IKW, and
with the same paiticular index to each cla-^, and a gtmeial
index to the woik; and the ?aid Secretary and Cleik aie
hereby directed to contract with Gales fit Seaton, the pub
h-her-ot the fir-iseries thereof, to publishing tiie same, not
to cxeeed two thousand copies in numhei ,at a pi ice per vol-
ume not exeeedmg that paid fot the llr.-t series,to he dehveted
to the Secretary of the Intetior, as the same may be pub-
lished; and the f.uid Gectetary of the Inteuor shall place
three hundred copies tn the Depnt t ment of State for it< use,
and lot exchange with lor^ign Government^, and sev<m hun-
dred co[)io> in In- own Department, toi di-tribution to public
tibialic;, in the si'Vt'r.d State-, and Tettdone-, and hold the
re-id lie ot i he copies m lu> cu^todv, ^nf)|ect to the future di
recti on of (Jonsztes-: Pi ot i<!rrf, That the pi ices or lates to
be paid tor the punting of tin- work shall not exceed ihosc
paid at pre-ent lor tlie pitntina: of the d( euinents ot Con-
2ie-s, including p.ijjor and bnidmg, h.ivntir ie«;ard to the
quality and value ot'the material n-ed, and work done.
Mr. J. GL \NCY JONES. Under the act of
183;2  and a subsequent joint resolution, provision
was made for the publication of the State Papers
from 1789 up to 1824 ; .elusive. This amendment
of the Senate proposes to continue that publica-
tion from 1824 up to 1859, inclusive. It is sup-
posed that it would require about fifty volumes;
and the limitation here is to two thousand cop-
ies of each volume. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-coneui rencc m the
amendment of the Senate; because, however im-
portant it may be to have that publication con-
tinued at a proper cost, there ts no means of as-
certaining by this amendment what it really would
cost. I understand, from the publishers, that it
will not exceed $340,000; but the Committee of
Ways and Means have had no opportunity of ex-
amining into the matter, and, although the work
is an important one, they recommend a non-con-
currence m the Senate amendment to tins bill.
Mr. J02sT ES, of Tennessee. This is a propo-
sition to print the State Papers from 1H^4 to 1859.
That will make thirty-five years The former
publication was from the commencement of the
Government, under the Constitution of 1789, up
to 1824; making the same length of time. That
work cost $235 50 per copy; making the whole
cost of two thousand copies $47) ,000.
Now, what are these American State Papers?
Nothing but a leprint of your public, documents
from the various Departments,under their different
appropriate heads. One portion is under the head
of foreign aifai -s; another of military affairs; an-
other o I naval affairs; another of the Post Office; an-
otherof the General Land Oiiice; anotherof finan-
cial affairs*, and another consists of miscellaneous
matter. 11 is e\ collection and reprint of public doc-
uments that are being1 annually presented to Con-
gress and printed, h is a proposition to reprint all
these papers; and 1 suppose that, if the first set cost
#471,000, this set, in view of the great length and
increased number of the documents, would cost
§1,000,000. Sir, 1 can see no necessity for it, ex-
cept to make a contract; except to give out a job.
If you are going to have these papers pruned, my
own opinion is that, under the law, the execution
of the work belongs to the Public Printer elected in
pursuance of the law of Congress. Then you will
have the work done according to your printing
laws. You will have the typography and presa-
!j work done at the price fixed by law, and your
! paper for it will he furnished as i« now required
,1 by law for all your other printing.
jj While my opinion is that, if you intend to re-
•] print these papers and have them tn anntherform,
i: you should do it through the medium of the Pub-
! lie Printer, I can see no necessity, at this paruc-
!' ular time, at all events, for incurring this huge
;j expenditure of money. Wo should reflect upon
j! the condition of the finances of the country. T'us
is one of the matters in which delay can inflict
no injury or detriment to the public interests
Now, who is to select the documents? Who
is to determine what portion is to be printed, and
what is not to be printed11 There is a great deal
of matter contained in these public documents
which was never worth printing; and to reprint
them now would be great folly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend by
striking out the first six lines of the Senate's
amendment. I merely desire to say this; that I
am opposed to this printing; but as some informa-
tion was given to me the other day by one of the
parties interested in it, (Mr, Seaton,) 1 think itdue
to him to state what that information was, so that
the matter may be fairly understood by the House.
He stated to me that this publication would make
>\ fifty volumes, that there would be an edition of
!| two thousand volumes, and that they would cost,
jj according to the estimate made by Mr. Wendell,
|| about three dollars and forty cents a volume,
j That would make $340,000 for the publication.
j[ I am opposed to the whole thing myself. I think
there are reasons conclusive why we should not
embark in it. It was only about two or three
months since this House determined, when the
| deficiency bill was up for consideration, that it
would publish no more books unless the manu-
script was complete and furnished, so that we
[\ might know exactly what was to be printed and
the precise cost of the same. If it was wise on
•j the pait of the House two months ago to adopt
i! a rule of that sort—and I think it was—it seems
S| to me there is wisdom at the present time m ad-
!j hering to it, when the estimate of this work is
;j fifty volumes, and it may overrun that number,
I; and when the cost is estimated at $340,000, and
|] it may overrun that, for it depends altogether on
Ji the manner of calculation, whether it includes
ji the cost of the paper or not. I forgot to inquire
!j about that. But it seems to me that in the pres-
Ij ent condition of things this is not the time for us
jl to embark in this publishing business, when the
|j tax-paying people of the country have to foot the'
bill.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Chairman, this proposition
proceeded from, and has been very carefully ex-
amined by, the Joint Committee on the Library,
and meets its appi ohatton. I do not wish to com-
plain of the conclusion of the Committee of Ways
and Means in this connection, although I think
no doubt could have existed in their minds that
j I this matter had been fairly examined, and ema-
nated, under the rules of the Senate, from the
proper committee having the matter tn charge,
and so wasentuled to consideiation.
Let me, tn the first place, correct an error into
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the
gentleman from Virginia have both fallen, ft is
not proposed to publish anything but a continua-
tion of the State Papers from 1824 to the present
time. The gentlemen are, therefore, in error in
supposing that the work can reach fifty volumes.
They doubtless had reference to the original prop-
osition of Messrs. Gales & Seaton, which was not
only to publish this part of the work, but aWo to
republish the former volumes.
Mr. LETCH ER. It was only the night before
last that Mr. Seaton showed me this paper, and I
spoke from his statement made to me then as to
the character of the appropriation,after it had been
before the Committee of Ways and Means for
consideration.
Mr. PETT1T. It has been matter of inquiry
with the Committee on the Library, both as to
the probable cost and the probable extent of the
work. The period, it wilt be observed, as was
correctly stated by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, is almost equal to the period covered by the
former series. But the former series covered the
most energetic period of our history—that part of
it which involved novel principles, and therefore
