1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
furnished much more material for a work of this
description than will probably be comprehended
in what it is now proposed to publish. The Com-
mittee on the Library believed that the work here
proposed would not exceed twenty, and might not
exceed fifteen volumes.
Now, one word as to the character of the work.
I agree with the gentleman from Tennessee that
manifold abuses have grown out of our printing
system. But a distinction ought to be made be-
tween its uses and abuses. This proposition is
not made for the individual benefit of any one. It
is intended to subserve the public interests, and
promote the public convenience. The work is
indispensably necessary to the legislation of Con-
gress. It is a compilation from the immense
mass of public papers which, from year to year
is accumulated, of those parts which are deemed
important to be retained as illustrative of the pub-
lic history, or as furnishing proper guides to of-
ficial conduct. When the compilation is com-
plete, it is to be at ranged m classes, and indexed
so that every portion of it will be accessible.
Since the year 1^24, there have accumulated over
a. thousand primed volumes, besides hundreds of
manuscript volumes, and countless large liles of
manuscupt documents, which are all inaccessible
for the reason that they are not arranged and in- j
dexed. This work is, therefore, necessary for the I
convenience of us all. Another object of the |
proposition is to secure the public archives which |
at any moment may be wasted by fire or some I
other accident. Much of the public history has ;
already perished in this way, and if we wish to '
perpetuate what remains, and make it useful,
there is no safer mode by w Inch we can give it se-
cuiity, than by multiplying copies.
[Ilcre the hammer till.]
Mr. Letcher's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having: resumed the chair,
Mr DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, bills of the fol-
lowing titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 530) for the relief ot Stephen
Fellows;
An act (H. R. No. 515) granting an invalid
pension to Alexander S. Bean, of Pennsylvania;
An act (11. II. No. 514) granting an invalid
pension to Conrad Schroeder;
An act (II. 11. No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt
■Griilith;
An aet (H. R. No. 51G) for the relief of Mich-
ael A. Davenport, of Illinois;
An act (H. R No. 246) for the relief of certain
settlers on the public lands in the State of Wis-
consin;
An act (H. R. No. 462) granting an invalid
pension to James Fugate, of Missouri; and j
An act (H. II. No.512) for the relief of Elijah j
Close, of Tennessee. _ ;
The committee then resumed its session.
CIVTL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to strike out the last j
six lines of the amendment. 1 have listened with
considerable attention to what the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Pettit] has said in advocacy of this
proposition; and, giving to all he has utteied the
weight which it deserves, I must confess that I r«n
sec no reasonable or assignable argument which
would induce me, as a member of this [louse, to
differ from the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means. We have arrived at a pe-
riod in the history of this Congress when, if the
membeis of the Democratic party are desirous of
maintaining the principles they have advocated
before the country, there is an opportunity now
to test their sincerity. This Government and this
House have been hitherto like aseventy-fourgun
ship with a school of sharks at her keel: and par-
tisan editors have been, with open mouths, lap-
ping along the sides of this great vessel, waiting
for some dead body to be thrown over to feed and
to keep up presses which would otherwise have no
sustenance either from the party or from the coun-
try. Now, sir, while i,asa member ofthis House,
would go as far as any other member to advance
the interests of the respectable gentlemen who are
at the head of the National Intelligencer, I am
opposed, on principle as well as upon policy, to
j; giving them a gratuity of five or six hundred thou-
j, sand dollars for what, so far as the legislation of
i! the country is concerned, cannot be considered
\\ neccssary. If these works are considered indis-
ij pensable to the legislation of the country; if they
II are made up from valuable documents now filed
!i away in the public archives, it is a proper subject
; i for individual speculation; it is a subject appealing
to that speculative spirit in the eastern cities and
'; States which is never at fault. But H seems that
heretofore, whenever a work could not claim the
j attention of the country, or of the regular pub-
j lisheis, it has been fastened on the Government
;! in some appropriation bill m such a manner that
'; members had either to vote against the whole bill,
or take it with the objectionable features; and this
>j is precisely such a case,
| Sir, what has become of the publications al-
' ready ordered bythisllouse? What has become
of the first series of these very American State
Papers? Why, they have been hawked about,
, and sold by membeis of Congress, after having
ji been received and charged to the Government at !
' | $2:25 a copy, und have been found down at Mor- .
! > rison's and Taylor & Maury's, at the gieen gro- j
; J ccnes, as waste paper, or can be purchased at the !
j bo<>k stalls along the avenue for half price. That j
j, has been the case heretofore. Are we to have a 1
I; repetition of this state of things now? Is the j
!| Democratic party—the responsible majority in j
|i this House—to concur in this amendment of the j
11 Senate, through mouvesof mistaken philanthropy j
and kindness to deserving gentlemen, who have !
'■ arrived at an age when it may, perhaps, be ne- j
', cessary to hold out the open hand of the Govei n- '
ji m< nt and its fosteiing (are to them : (Jan any i
member belonging to tho Democratic paity ijo '
I- back to his constuuentsand justify such a\ote as '
!' this r |
j I desire, if this appropriation shall pas«, to let ,
1 this side of the House [the Republican] take the \
responsibility, and 1 desire gentlemen to know, j
; so far as 1 am concermd as a member of tins 1
| House, that neither the gentleman from Ohio, ■
| [Mr. Sherman,] nor any other gentleman, shall ,
! make a speech on this floor for Buncombe, coin-
: plaining about the immense expenditures of this
Government, ieady as they always arc to month
away about appropriation lulls, and to hold the i
Demociat'c parly responsible. 1
j Mr. Gl DD1NGS. Gentlemen upon reflection I
; must see that tins work can never be published \
1 by the enterprise of mdivjduals;and the only se- ]
: riousquestion is, whether we will assume the pub- 1
j lication as a just tribute to the spirit of the age in j
| which we live, and send it down to future gcnei- ;
ations as a record of our transactions. I, for one,
am ready to say to the gentleman from Virginia, j
[Mr. Clemens,] that I am willing to assume the !
whole responsibility of publishing this work. j
The amendment offered by Mr. Clemens was ,
notagieedto. j
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend, by ad41~ !
ing at the end of the Senate amendment, th^tol- ;
lowing: W
Piundcrf, That tho wotk shall not exee"d fifty vrfliunr.-. |
and the airmcaate cost ot the enure piioheanou flwill nor 1
e\cecd $340,000. ;
My own opinion is that there is a necessity for ,
this publication; but I am very reluctant to em-
bark in a publication the entire cost of whieh wc
have so slender a conception of. If it be true that j
this work is to amount, in volumes, to the nuni- ;
ber stated by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letciier,] and in cost to no more than he suites,
I apprehend the publisher will have no hesitation 1
in undertaking the work with the limitation pie-
sented in that proviso. If I eon have any assur-
ance thai it can be published at a reasonable ex- i
penso, and withm reasonable limits, I shall be j
inclined to support the publication. Every man
must know that you might ?s well not have these
State Papers and these public documents pub-1
Ush^d at all, as to have them scattered through 1
"forty tons of public documents, where no man can
find anything he wants. The great object is to
select tins historical matter and publish it under
such heads as will make it available and accessi-
ble when desired, and furnish to persons that in-'
formation which will enable' them to discharge
their duties intelligently and understanding^.
Such I understand to be the object of the work;
and if it can be accomplished for any reasonable
sum, I am disposed to favor the publication But
I will not vote to give any person any job of
printing—anything merely for the sake of a job.
Knowing what I do of the publication of that
work from 1824, down—having had experience of
the value of it, and especially of that portion of
it which relates to claims against the Government,
and the action of the Government upon thereat
questions which agitate it—I believe the publica-
tion a desirable, important, and necessary one. If
the committee chooses to adopt my amendment,
or some similar one, limiting the expense of the
publication, I am inclined to go for it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if any estimate has been made
as to the cost of continuing this work ?
Mr. STANTON. I stated that I based my ac-
tion upon the statement made by the gentleman
from Viigima, [Mr. Lrtciif.r,] the facts of which
he says he obtained from Gales & Seaton.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Clkmens] just now asked which one
of us would daie to lace our constituents after
voting for this proposition ? I answer the gentle-
man that I would. I assure the gentleman that
that theie is no appropriation which 1 would
sooner vote for than one which is designed to
keep and perpetuate the records and history of
our country.
Mr. CLEMENS. I trust the opponent of the
gentleman will take advantage of that acknowl-
edgment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I say he is welcome to do
it; and I thank the gentleman for his kind wish.
1 representaconsiituency who can appreciate the
value of money spent in bringing down the record
of the history of our country; a constituency able
and desirous to read our country's history; will-
ing to pay for such information; proud of the past
and emulous of the future; and, as far as my own
action is concerned, as a member of this House, I
can point to my votes since I have been a member
to show that I do not belong to what the gentle-
man has been pleased to call an extravagant party.
And when the gentleman talks about speaking for
Buncombe, I can tell him that I am not afraid to
vote for any expenditure when the object of that
expenditure can be justified to myself, and to
those 1 represent, as a proper one. Can the gen-
tleman tell us what object there is for which the
American House of Representatives ought to vote
money more freely than for that which will ena-
ble those who are now growing up around us,
those who are soon to come upon the theater of
public action, and who will succeed us, to know
the history of the past, and to connect it with the
present ?
Mr. CLEMENS. I will answer the gentleman.
The gentleman professes to belong to the Demo-
cratic party, and he is a Democrat; and I under-
wt.uid a cardinal principle of that party to be re-
trenchment and reform,and yet we find Democrats
voting for every sort of extravagant purposes.
Already, upon the other side of the House, we
hear the note of political contest sounded upon
that very key.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Parsimony and economy
are very different tilings, let me assure the gentle-
man; as different as economy and extravagance.
Letthe gentleman begin his reform elsewhere than
on such a subject as this. I do not call it extrav-
agance to expend money m any manner which
will give us the benefit of a sufficient, an honest,
and patriotic return. I call that parsimony to for-
bear to expend it when we have it, or can have it,
when we know that the purpose for which we
are voting it is one of which we ought to be proud.
I tell the gentleman that I dare anjr competitor of
mine to go before the peopie of my district and urg^e
against rne the objection that I voted, in the A meri-
can House of Representatives,the means to publish
the State Papers, which alone can furnish to those
who will come after us a knowledge of the early
history of our country. Are we ashamed of those
State Papers? I would not hesitate to compare
them with the State papers of any nation in the
world. Our history is one I am proud of, and I
desire to perpetuate a knowledge of the- action of
our Government. If there are no other provis-
ions m tins bill which are not more extravagant
than this, there is no necessity for the gentleman
to array our practice against our professions. I
do belong to the Democratic party; but when I
am told that 1 shall not vote the public money for
the use of my constituents m a manner which will
