1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m?
Tuesday, March 3,1857, pending the question of
agreeing to the report of the committee on con-
ference on the tariff bill, the main question being
ordered,
" M>*. Knowi.ton called for the reading of the Senate
amendments referred to m said report.
"The Speaker decided that the report was the only
paper the reading of which could bo insisted upon at this
time.
"'From this decision of the Chair, Mr. George W.Jones
appealed, pending which,
" Ot> motion of Mr. Lewis D. Campbell,
" Ordered, That the bill be laid on the table."
This express point, therefore, was decided at
the last session by Mr. Speaker Ranks, and he
was sustained, on an appeal by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. STUART. I think as much of precedents
as their weight entitles them to—no more. We
all know that in legislative bodies the majority is
very apt to decide as they want the thing done,
without any reference to the existing rules or par-
liamentary law. Now, whether or not you may
have anything but the report itself read, depends
upon the character of the report. If the character
of the report be such as necessarily to mingle other
subjects with it in order to settle what is its effect,
then you have a right to have every such paper
read. No man can tell what is the efFect of this
report, as a substitute for another bill, unless he
has that other bill read. If this was a complete
report, reciting the Senate bill, reciting the House
amendment, as a substitute for the Senate bill,
and then reciting the proposition of the commit-
tee itself, the proposition of the Senator from Vir-
ginia would be true, because there would be no
other paper connected with it necessary to explain
its meaning. Rut, I ask the Senator from Virginia,
suppose, as is generally the case on an appropri-
ation bill, a conference committee comes in here
and reports that the Senate shall recede from
amendment number two; does the Senator say
that it would not be competent to ask that amend-
ment number two in the bill should be read ? How
are you to know anything about it? how are you
to know what you are voting upon ? whether you
will agree to recede or not, until you hear it read?
In the very nature of the case, it is impossible.
I admit that a report may be so complete in itself,
having no connection with another subject, as to
spread before the Senate all thatis desired in order
to enable us to give an intelligent vote, or it may ;
so connect itself with other papers as to make
those other papers a part of it, and so that an in-
telligentvote cannot begiven without seeing them.
Now, is the Senate prepared, in this case, to
say that a Senator is obliged to vote on this
report without seeing how it varies the House
amendment or the Senate bill ? The vote is upon
this report as a whole; it is not amendable; but
must we, therefore, take it as it is; and are we
obliged to vote without seeing how it varies the
amendment of the House or the Senate bill ? That
cannot be true. I have looked at the case referred
to by the Senator from Virginia. My memory is
not very clear as to what was the condition of the
tariff bill at that time. If it was a distinct and
complete thing in itself, the decision was right.
If it was not, I do not hesitate to say it was wrong;
but I submit here, sir, that I have a right to have
such papers as are necessary to a full understand-
ing of what this report is, read before I am called
upon to vote on the question at all.
Mr. GREEN. I do not think there can be any
realpractical difficulty on the question now raised.
The right of a Senator to call for the reading of
a paper depends upon the fact of its existence in
the possession of the Secretary, and I should like
to know where is the right of any Senator to call
for the reading of anything not in the possession
of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. I concede that if the paper is not
in the possession of the Senate, of coursc i can-
not have it read.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; that is the end of it,
so far as that motion is concerned. But I want
to get to the practical bearing of the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Missouri indulge the Chair for a mo-
ment? The Senator from Michigan asked that a
certain paper be read. Does he insist upon that?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not decide that point as a question of order, but
will refer to the rule, and submit it to the Senate.
By the 14th rule it is provided that—
" When the reading of a paper is called for, and the same
h objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the Senate and without debate."
That is the rule.
Mr. STUART. That point has been presented
to the Senate agreat many times; and it has been
decided that the rule read by the Chair has no
reference to a case of this character. That rule
has reference simply to an independent paper not
connected with the subject before the Senate. For
instance, if I propose to read a paper that is not
immediately connected with the subject under con-
sideration, and the reading of it is objected to by
a Senator, that rule applies, and it is for the Sen-
ate to decide whether the character of tiie paper
is such as in its judgment, will justify its being
read. But, sir, the parliamentary law that any
member of a legislative body has a right to have
any paper read before he votes upon it, is another
and entirely distinct right to which that rule does
not apply at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The Chair dif-
fers from the Senator from Michigan, and rules
that the 14th rule applies to the present applica-
tion made by him. That rule provides that—
" When the reading of a paper is calied for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be detoimined by a
vote of the Senate, ami without debate."
Mr. STUART. I then shall be obliged to ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator from Michigan
permit me? The Vice President has decided that
this rule does not apply to a paper of this kind.
Mr. STUART. I know he has at this session.
Mr. PUGH. I know he has decided it at this
very session.
Mf\ STUART. I am aware that the Vice Pres-
ident has decided it at this very session, and has
talked with me side-bar in respect to the effect of
the rule. 1 do not think xt is necessarily involved
m this question; but I am utterly opposed, in ref-
erence to this or any other subject, to having a
construction given to our rules which must prove
fatal hereafter. I therefore, with great respect,
appeal from the decision of the Chair; and 1 ask
for the yeas and nays on the appeal.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question. The motion pending before
the Senate is a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of the report of the committee of conference.
Pending that motion, the Senator from Michigan
asks that a certain paper be read, and the Chair
decide.* i hat the 14th rule applies to an application
of the kind made by the Senator from Michigan.
From the decision the Senator from Michigan
appeals, and the Senator from Georgia moves to
lay that appeal upon the table. The question is
upon laying the appeal upon the table.
Mr. STUART. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Bayard, Benjamin. Biijlor, Bright,
Clay, Evan^i, Fitch, Fitzpatnck. Giet-n, Owia, Henderson,
Ilumer, I verson, Johnsonof Arkansas. Johnson of Tennes-
see, Jones, Kennedy. Mallory,Mason, Polk, £hdc)l, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wnpht—2.j.
NAYS—Messrs. Dell, Brodeuck, Cameron, Chandler,
Claik, Coilamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolmle, Douglas,
Duikce, Fcst endor), Foot, Foster, Hale, Ilanihn. Ilailan,
King, I'ugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuait, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—25.
So the motion to lay the appeal on the table was
not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The question now is on the
appeal r
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. I have only a word to savin
addition to what I said before. I remarked that
the decision of this question, in my judgment,
was not at all important for the object I had in
view. The Senator from Missouri has stated dis-
tinctly the point to which I desired to attract at-
tention. I acknowledge that I have no right to
have a paper read which is not before the Senate.
If the paper is not before the Senate, as is con-
ceded by the Senator from Missouri, that answers
my purpose.
But a word now in regard to this rule. It pro-
vides that if a Senator asks for the reading of a
paper, and it is objected to, the question shall be
submitted to the Senate to decide whether it shall
be read or not. It will be seen, therefore, by the
language of the rule, that it is not a.question of
order. If so, it would be decided by the Chair.
But the object was to cover this case: a member
proposes to read a paper that is offensive to some
portion of the Senate. It may be offensive in its
character; as has frequently happened here even
withm the short time I have oeen in the body.
Some man sends in a letter, and wants to have it
read; but a Senator, knowing that it is an im-
proper paper, objects to it; and the question then
is put to the Senate, " Shall it be read?" That
does not involve a questionof order, but is an in-
dependent proposition, the object being to pre-
serve the proper decorum of the Senate. That is
the interpretation of the rule, and so, as I said, the
present Vice President has decided at this term.
It is for that purpose alone, and not as affecting
this question at all, that I suggested, with cer-
tainly great respect to the Chair, and equal re-
spect to the Senate, that I think we ought not to
make such a decision at this time as would stand
subsequently in our path when it would be im-
portant. I should be glad to have this whole sub-
ject dropped as it is; and I have no objection
myself to withdraw the appeal, provided it may
generally be understood that the point made by
the Chair upon it is withdrawn, so that the de-
cision shall not be made.
Mr. TOOMBS. It cannot be generally under-
stood. I entirely differ with the Senator, and in-
sist on the point.
Mr. BIGLER. I am not certain that I under-
stand the position of the question. If I understand
it correctly, it is a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of the report of the committee of con-
ference. The Senate have not taken up the report.
Pending that question, the Senator from Michi-
gan calls for the reading of certain papers. Now,
if the Senate had proceeded to the consideration
of the report* and the pending question wasa vote
on the adoption of the report", the Senator would
have a clear right to call for the reading of the pa-
pers which would have a bearing upon the ques-
tion of adopting the report, or affecting the report
in any way; but I suggest whether his point of
order be well taken now. What is the question ?
It is a question not of adopting a measure, but
whether the Senate will proceed to its considera-
tion. Is it to be a settled rule that when a motion
is made to proceed to the consideration of a bill,
a Senator, as his individual privilege, has a right
to call for the reading of papers that bear not upon
the question of whether the Senate ought to pro-
ceed with that paiticnW subject, but upon the
question of the oill itself? That subject is not be-
fore the Senate at all. It will be time enough when
the Senate have proceeded to the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference for the
Senator from Michigan to call for the reading of
the original bill on his right, because he has a right
to have the matter read on which he is about to
vote. That is the point wherein I think the Sen-
ator has made his question hastily; and I think
the Senate is about to establish a precedent or rule
which would become exceedingly embarrassing.
Mr. TOOMBS. This rule is very explicit, and
it is a very useful one. -It is based upon the idea
that the Senate shall have the control of its own
business. The point now presented here is, that
upon a motion to take up a measure, a Senator
can call for the reading of that or any other meas-
ure connected with it. Why, sir, that would de-
feat all the objects of this rule. One Senator here
moves to take up the report of a committee. An-
other Senator rises and moves to havethebillread.
In that way, the object of preventing the Senate
from following its own business is attained; and
we ought to know, from the experience of this
body, that we are no more exempt than the other
House from mere dilatory motions, and motions
having no other intent than to delay and postpone
the public business.
In theothfcr House,whereasimilar rule prevails,
a member cannot have a bill read. That ques-
| tion often comes up there; but heretofore, under
the practice of the Senate, these points have never
been used until recently to annoy and delay the
Senate. Hence,the question has not arisen here;
but in the other House it has frequently happened
that when a bill is pending before the House, a
member asks to have it read, and it is done only
by permission of the House. This has been done
again and again. Persons might, if they chose,
