1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
this floor contested; he came here on the 1st day
of December, 1851; but the contest was not finally
decided until the 27th day of August, 1859, and
there had been two hundred and seventy days of
the session of the Senate. *
Mr. TOOMBS. The sitting member and con-
testant in that case were both of the same polit-
ical party.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The two gentlemen then
contesting were of the same political party, both
belonging to the majority of the Senate. In the
present case, it is to be remembered that the com-
position of the Committee on the Judiciary h&s
been changed at the two or three different sessions
•which have occurrcd since this matter first came
under the consideration of the Senate. It has
been before us, you may say, three sessions; but
how long? Twelve or fifteen days at the end of
the short session; five or six days at the extra
session; and now we are just at the entrance of
the third month of the only session of any length
allowing a sufficient time for an examination of
the important questions which have been sub-
mitted to the committee. It is very strange that
gentlemen should consider sixty days so extraor-
dinary a lapse of time, more particularly when
we find that this very Committee on the Judiciary
made its report on the case at this session on
the 21st of January. The report has been before
the Senate now nearly a month. Why has it
not been decided before?"
The Senate will bear me witness that when the
gentleman from Delaware, the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, called it up day after
day, he was begged by the opposition to let it lie,
because the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mer] was unwell and unable to take part in the
discussion. Then when we had under discus-
sion a special order beginning at half past twelve
o'clock every morning, on a matter of exceed-
ing public importance, a proposition was thrust in
upon us to override that special order, and to take
up this resolution—not for passage, but fur debate;
or, in other words, to arrest thedebate on a special
order, upon a pending public question vastly im-
portant to the public interests, for the purpose of
debating whether or not we should send to take
testimony. We said then, and we say again,
these gentlemen can have this resolution passed
'at any moment to take the testimony; and the
testimony will be back here long before they get
through a debate whether it ought to be taken.
Oftwo things,one isevident: this testimony is
either important to the adjudication of the case,
or it is not. These gentlemen will not concede
that it is not important, because then they would
be placed m the attitude of endeavoring to stifle
information necessary for the proper adjudication
of the question by the Senate. They must, there-
fore, consider the information we desire to take
as unimportant. V-How will it injure or afFect them
to take unimportant evidence? What difficulty
do they see in allowing the time which would
otherwise be occupied in a debate on the question
whether the evidence shall or shall not be taken,
to be occupied in taking it? 3f it is unimportant,
it has no effcct; and if important, it controls the
judgment of the Senate on the question.
It cannot be denied, that if there were not some
mofive here—which [ do not pretend to divine or
to fathom—for keeping something out of view, it
would be impossible that so strenuous and stead-
fast a contest should have been raised on a mere
question of taking testimony. The entire year
was before us last February. There was to be
no Senate in session for many months. X^obody
could be injured by taking ummportanttestnnony
during the nine months of vacation; and yet, by
the strenuous and persistent efforts of those who
oppose the right to seats of these gentlemen, we
were debarred from the opportunity of taking
testimony on the facts desired for the elucidation
of the question. And here again, when we pro-
posed nearly a month ago already, (and the testi-
mony would probably have been back, and cer-
tainly would have been back in two or three
weeks from now,) to let us get at the facts, to let
the Senate know the facts of this case, we are
met constantly, not by a vote on that proposition
to get at the facts, but by an argument on the
merits of the case, tending to show that the farts
are immaterial. Now, twelve months have been
passed, in arguing whether the facts would or
would not control the judgment of the Senate, if
ascertained, when the ascertainment of the facts
would have occupied sixty or ninety days. Gen-
tlemen propose now again an elaborate minority
report and elaborate speeches to the Senate, for
the purpose of proving—what? That, after we
have proved the facts, they will not be important.
The general rule is, that if a fact of any nature is
calculated to produce an effect on any intelligent
mind in determining the question at issue, it is
not for those whose judgment may not be con-
trolled by that fact to exclude the light from others
whose judgment may be so controlled.
I repeat, the strenuous efforts which have been
made up to this time to prevent these contestees
from bringing the facts before the country, show
badly for those who are making the opposition.
They seem to indicate that there is something
which they do not desire the country to know;
and whenever in a contest of this kind {hereseems
to be an effort to throw a vail over every fact
which is sought to be brought forward by those
whose interests are most directly affected by the
determination of the question, I., for one, want to
see the light; I, for one, want the vail withdrawn,
and the facts well known; and when those facts
are exhibited before the Senate, I shall be pre-
pared to give my vote according to the best1 dic-
tates of myjudgment, without fear, without favor,
without partiality, and without partisan feeling,
and so help me God! as a judge in a case in which
I am bound to judge impartially.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, it is a re-
lief to my mind, and it may be a relief to the
minds of some other gentlemen, if we can occa-
sionally, once in a great while, have before us a
topic of a judicial character, one in which the feel-
ings and the arguments of partisans should not
and probably will not enter. I think we have a
question of that kind now before us; and it be-
comes me to say, that, so far as I have observed,
I believe the Senate, in deciding questions in rela-
tion to the right to seats m this body, have been
governed in a very great degree, if not entirely,
by an impartial administration of the law.
Another relief is affoi^led by the.fact that, when
speaking on a topic of this kind, the subjects of
it, the persons whose seats are involved, have
nothing on earth to do with the question. We
have no right to inquire to what party they be-
long; nor have we the right to inquire whether
they are personal friends, and whether they are
gentlemen entitled to our high estimation or other-
wise.
The question now presents itself to us as a legal
question. I can most resemble it to, what very
fiequcntly arises in courts, a motion for a contin-
uance of the cause for the purpose of preparing
and presenting certain testimony. Generally,
ordinarily, the first point to be settled when such
an application is made is, is that testimony mate-
rial? If it is not, the cause should not fee con-
tinued for that reason. It is an utter and total
disregard of judicial authority to continue a case
for the purpose of taking testimony that is not
admissible m the case, and if any judge permits
himself to do that he must do it from some sin-
ister and improper motive or purpose. If an ap-
plication is made to a judge to continue a case for
the taking of certain testimony, and he says it is
immaterial, it is not enough to say to him, " It
may govern the minds of some of your brother
judges, or it may govern the mind of some juvy-
man when he gets here." The very question
i before the court is, should it govern anybody's
| mind; is it entitled legally to have any such effect?
I I know that wo frequently, and especially in our
| minor courts, hear such arguments as it appears
; to mo the honoiable Senator from Louisiana has
! presented; that is, "Oh, you want to shut out
\ light." What man hay ever been frequently in
^ court that has not hoard that every day ? What
: quarters do such objections usually comc from?
j We all know what they are. We all know the
I purpose for which they are used. "You want
; to shut out light," is the cry when it is sought to
| create a prejudice against a party. It is constantly
| used, and the smaller the court the more such an
• appeal is used. The truth is, that if that is not
the light which should guide us in the path of ;
I duty, it should b« shut out; and because you may
imagine some man so obfuscated that he would
be governed by it, is the very reason why you
should not admit it.
The whole question then comes back upon us,
and it should be settled, and will be settled, as •
I think, if men regard their duty, simply by the
consideration whether that is material testimony.
Here, perhaps, it may be proper for me to say a
word on what was said by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, it seems to me, with the same sort of color,
and for somewhat the same object as the declara-
tion on which I have just commented, namely,
thatanothercase was delayed, and that this ought
to be delayed as long as that was. That was the
case of the Senator from Iowa. There wasa pro-
test put in against his seat, and it lay here and
was not taken up for many months. The major-
ity of the Senate had direction of the business of
the body; and they laid it here for a year, and
never moved it against him, and, as I think, had
better never have moved it against him; but they
had an object, and when the time came, in their
own way, they moved. They took their own
course about it. Who was to blame for that de-
lay? Did anybody claim it? Did anybody appre-
ciate it as a very great advantage ? Nobodyinthe
world. Did anybody want it? Did anybody ask
for it? Never. Why, then, make a precedent of
it?
Besides, there may be a very different state of
things now. The honorable Senator from Louis-
iana says that gentleman [Mr. Harlan] was in a
small minority. Yes, so small that there was no
danger of his vote, and therefore they could well
let him sit with impunity; but that may not be
the condition of things now. There may be very
important questions here now in regard to which
the minority is not so small as gentlemen would
perhaps desire. A different state of things exists
now; but I should not make remarks on subjects
of this kind, altogether foreign to the question be-
fore us, were I not induced to enter into it merely
for the purpose of reply.
The question comes back upon us, is this tes-
timony material ? Is it admissible? Ought it to
govern any man's mind? That is the whole ques-
tion. I ought, perhaps, before leaving the collat-
eral subjects which have been introduced, to ask
the Senator from Louisiana, who speaks of the
delays in the Senate just as if gentlemen here were
arguing merely for the purpose of delay, what
possible object can it be for those of us who are
moving in it and who have thought it our duty
to urge it, to create any delay? Delay continues
these men in their seats, to which we think they
are not legally entitled. Why should we make
delay?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know.
Mr. COLLAMER. Nor have we ever made
any. It is true the point which has always been
presented to us has been whether the testimony
proposed to be taken was material to the decision
of their right to seats here. I was not, at the last
session of Congress, on the Committee on the
Judiciary; but then the Senatorfrom minors [Mr.
Trumbull] pressed this subject all the time, and
pressed the decision of the question, and never
desired to delay it for a day; and while he was
trying and endeavoring at every step to get action
on this very point, the session ended.
I come once more, Mr. President, to what is
the question. It is proposed to prove in this case,
as stated by the Senator from Louisiana—I shall
not go into the details—that three certain Sena-
tors in the Senate of Indiana were not regularly
inducted into office; or, more properly speaking,
were irregularly inducted into office. The gen-
tleman has indulged in his own version of that
transaction, and made his own statement of what
he cxpects will appear. Permit me to state what
I suppose will appear. In point of fact, they got
into a dispute about three members whose seats
were contested at the beginningof the session. The
majority in point of numbers thought the pre-
siding officer, the Lieutenant Governor, was un-
reasonable in his objections in not administering
the oath to these men, or ordering it to be done,
and they undertook to do it by a man by them
appointed; but that controversy only continued
through the forenoon session of that day. At the
afternoon session the Lieutenant Governor said
heneverhadmadeanysuch ohjectionsjhe thought
two of the men had sufficient credentials, and
ought to be admitted, butthe third he thought had
not; and thereupon these men, without any objec-
tion, were, in the afternoon, by his direction,
sworn in, and a vote was taken m relation to the
third one, and, by order of the Senate, he was
