1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
delay business indefinitely if the right now claimed
were conceded. One Senator gets up and moves
to read a bill, which, like the civil and diplomatic
bill, sometimes consists of a hundred pages. The
Senator from Vermont may move to have it read
for his information on a motion to take it up; the
Senator from Delaware may ask to have it read
again for his information; and so we might sit
here for weeks if thirty gentlemen, less than a
majority, desired to obstruct public business by
asking for the reading of the same bill. This rule
only puts it in the power of the Senate to determ-
ine its own business, and there is no wiser rule
than that the Senate shall determine at once, with-
out debate, whether a paper shall be read. You
would facilitate the obstruction of the public busi-
ness if you give any other construction to the
rule. Public business might be defeated at any
time by ten gentlemen of this body sitting in their
scats, and calling for the reading and rereading
of bills and amendments, if this course were al-
lowed.
I know there is nothing in the rule that excepts
the bill on your table. In its terms it embraces
all; in its objects it embraces all. The true con-
struction of this rule, like the construction of any
other law, is to be obtained by considering the old
law—the mischief, and the lemedy. The great
mischief was that much time was taken up in this
and other deliberative bodies in the discussion of
the order of business. I have seen the whole day
spent here on such questions, and probably the
objeet is to spend tins day in the same way. It
is hkely that that may be the object m some
quarters, in order to avoid the evil of spending
the whole day to determine what you shall take
up, or whether you shall read a paper, and to get
at what you want to take up, the rule provides
that you shall not read the paper without the con-
sent of a majority of the House, it is a wise
rule, and a good rule.
Mr. HALE. Ever since I have been in the
body, I have been m a minority on this floor.
Having been taught that rules are for the benefit
of the minority, I have some care about their
construction. Now, if the Presiding O/licer made
his decision upon the ground taken by the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, I am inclined
to the opinion that the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is ri^ht; and as it is not often that he and I
concur entirely, I am happy, when we do, to say
so. If the Chair decided that the Senator from
Michigan should nothave that papei road because
it was not pertinent to the consideration of the
question win the.r the Senate would take up the
bill or not, I should vote to sustain bun, and say
the decision of the Chair was right, ff, however,
after the bill was taken up, and wo weie called
upon to vote upon the proposition, the Senator
should suggest that he wanted the amendment read,
and the Chair should rule as he has now i uled,
I should say that he was wrong. Theiefore, so
far as my vote is concerned, 1 ahould be gratified
if the Chair would state the grounds on which
the decision was made.
Now, in regard to the practice of the other
House, 1 think the honorable Senator fioni Geor-
gia is mistaken in one fact; for, as a matter of
practice, in the last Congress a very important
bill was defeated simply by the pertinacity with
which members who were opposed to it insisted
upon its being read; and it was a bill longer than
the New Testament, and it would have taken a
longer time to read it through. I refer to the bill
for the reorganization of the commercial law,codi-
fying the revenue laws. It was a bil! prepared
with great labor, and reported by the Committee
on Commerce; and,every time it came up, some-
body insisted on having it read.
Air. TOOMBS. They had to read it once.
Mr. HALE. Weil, it will be time enough to
consider the objections to having this paper read
more than once after it has been read once.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken. By
the rules of the other House, they are bound to
read a bill; but, in the case alluded to, the attempt
was to dispense with the rules, and not lead it at
ail. The question we are to act upon is the report.
That is to be read, and has been read twice, i be-
lieve.
Mr. HALE. That is exactly where I stand on
this question; and my vote will be governed by
that consideration. I think the view taken by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania is a highly
sensible one—a practical one; and I shall certainly
vote to sustain the Chair if he bases his decision
on the ground suggested by the Senator from
Pennsylvania; but if, after the report is taken up,
the same point be made, I shall vote against such
a decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senate the position of the ques-
tion. He will decide no question in advance. It
will be time enough to decide every point when it
arises. The motion before the Senate is, whether
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference. Pend-
ing that question, the Senator from Michigan
asked for the reading of a paper; and the Chair
rules that that is to be determined by a vote of
the Senate, without debate, under the 14th rule.
Upon that, the Senator from Michigan appealed
from the decision of the Chair; and the question be-
fore the Senate is, "Shallthe opinion of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?" On this
question, the yea4? and nays arc asked for by the
Senatorfrom Michigan,as the Chair understands.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will withdraw the appeal. The decision of
the Chair under this rule 1 think I could not sus-
tain if th&question were made at the proper time;
but here it is made in leference to taking up certain
business. The reading of a paper which is not
the paper immediately upon which the Senate is
called to vote, is asked for when the only ques-
tion before us is as to the priority of business, as
I undeisiand.
Mr. STUART. No sir. The Senator is mis-
taken. The question now is on proceeding to the
consideration of the repoit of the committee,.
Mr. BELL. 1 beg pardon. I thought it was
a question of the oulcr of business m another re-
spect.
Mr. STUART. The question is on proceed-
ing to the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference. Now if the Senate will in-
dulge me for a moment, I think { can satisfy my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania that the very
ground he has taken is precisely the ground that
sustains my proposition. What is the report of
the committee of conference5 Is any Senator
prepaied to say that is the paper which they have
signed ? What is that? I will read it:
{vThe coiiniu!t':cot eonfotenee appointed to <:on?idci the
disagi cuim* vote - c: the two Hou-e- on tho .immidmeiit to
tli«i Semite hill No. hit. entitled ■< A tall loi the adnn-Mon
of the f'r.Uo oi Kau^aV icpott ili.it tlU'j have had the sub-
ject hii.U'i con,-idfia'.ion. .tail have  ivcn it tii.it wienii,
'patient. ;wd ui.itaie d< lib".ati"-i ui.K'h thev conceive ik
mine; Mrec demmul- ,iad I Live a'.'ieed upon an amendment
in the n;um> of a Mil.siitu?e for the ilod*>e amendment to
the Senate l<:!!.
'• Thev c,.i >-/>./,V recommend the adoption of tins amend-
ment by tiie iwo II.mm oi
A nd that they fu<rn. That is the report. That
is all the report they have signed. Now, where
is the subject thdt they offer us as a substitute?
I have read the report. Senators are insisting that
we at e to vote on the report that they have signed.
That report covers nothing. It does not cover
the substitute. It is not embraced in it.
Mr. JjlGLER. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. B1GLEU. This discussion is entirely out
of order. The Senator is discussing the report.
The Senate has not proceeded to take it up at all.
It is not before the Senate. Now the point which
I made was, that the Senator could not call for
the reading of the report, or any paper having
reference to the report or subject-matter to be
acted upon, because the Senate had not decided
to proceed to its consideration. If we settle as a
rule that, when a motion be made to proceed to
the consideration of a bill or report or resolution,
any member has the privilege under the rules of
the body of calling for the reading of the subject
to be considered, I suggest whether we shall not
be complicated in business here, and destroy the
whole system of our proceedings? He cannot
insist; he can avail himself of no right at this
point. When the Senate shall have decided to
proceed to the consideration of the report, the
Senator may make the point which he makes
under the parliamentary law; but I must insist
that he has no right to discuss the repoit, or to
call for the reading of papers bearing on the re-
port, until the Senate has decided to proceed to
its consideration.
Mr. STUART. The Chair has certainly de-
cided that I have the right to have the report read
on the question of takingitup; and if the Senator
from Pennsylvania could maintain hisdoctnne, he
would put us in a bad position indeed; we should
be obliged to vote to take up a subject without
knowing what the subject was. That would never
do. I am not discussing the report; but I am dis-
cussingwhatconstitutesthereport. I say that this
paper which is signed by the conferees does not
constitute the report, and does not purport to con-
stitute it, but it refers to something else that they
have done which is their report. They say they
have carefully considered the question which was
referred to them. What was it? It was the Sen-
ate bill to admit Kansas into the Union, with the
House amendment. That was the subject re-
ferred to them, and the two Houses disagreed
upon that subject. 1 beg the attention of the Chair
and the Senate now as I proceed. That subject
was referred to the committee, and upon that sub-
ject they report. Well, what do they report?
They say that they report an amendment in the
nature of a substitute for the House substitute.
This report is not complete except by embodying
in it in point of fact the original Senate bill, with
the House amendment to it, and the substitute
that the committee propose for both. Thatis the
report. The moment you undertake to confine it
to the paper, that is signed by the conferees, it is
nothing; but they refer to other papers; they re-
fer to all these papers, and these papers are em-
bodied in and constitute a part of the report.
That is the position in which the question stands
before the Semite. By what right, 1 ask, does any
Senator insist to-day, when the committee have
signed this short statement and appended to it
their substitute, that that is all there is of the re-
port? Why, sir, they are obliged to report upon
the subject submitted to them, and, as I said, in
order to have drawn out this report in complete
form, it should have stated that there was sub-
mitted to the committee the following Senate bill;
and, after writing that out, the following substi-
tute of the House of Representatives for the bill;
that the committee have carefully considered these
differences between the two Houses, and have
agreed upon the following as a substitute for both.
That would have been a complete report, drawn
out in full form. The committee have not done
that, and I am not intimating that they ought to
have gone to all that labor; but I say that the Sen-
| ate bill, the House amendment, and their own
substitute are'as much part of their report, as if
they had drawn them all out in complete form,
and that is the question presented here. If it is
, undertaken to insist that the report is what they
! have signed, then everybody will see that it is
1 nothing, it is entirely unintelligible; you can make
nothing out of it.
I said the Senator would see that I was right
in claiming to have this whole report read. For
whatpurpose? Forthe purpose of seeing whether
the Senate is in a condition to take it up. I stated
some time ago that the concession made by the
honorable Senator from Missouri answers my pur-
j pose. He concedes that these papers are not here.
That ig all I want. I want simply to take the
j ground that the Senate cannot proceed to the con-
| sideration of the subject committed to the commit-
| tee of conference until that subject is before us.
j Now, I say that the House amendment is a part
! of the report of the committee of conference, and
, I call for the reading of it. It is no answer to me
j to say that anything beyond what this committee
j has signed is out of the report. You must either
I take the ground that everything beyond what the
j committee has signed is not part of the report, or
else you must take the ground that whatever is
necessary to render their report intelligible and
complete is a part of it, just as in the case I put
before, of an appropriation bill. The committee
report that the Senate recedes from its amendment
number twenty-two. That makes the amend-
ment apart of their report, and you turn to the bill
to see what amendment number twenty-two is.
It is just as much a part of the report as if it were
drawn out m it. So here when this committee,
in their report which they have signed, refer to
a substitute of their own, and say that that is a
substitute for the House amendment, the House
amendment is a part of the report. They must
