1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2813
be lost by delay, we shall at least postpone it until
we have time to consider the bill proposing to
establish a printing bureau, which I propose to
call up to-morrow or the day after.
But, sir, J believe that, according; to the prece-
dents, economy is not to be calculated on in these
great wotks. if we want to economize we must
strike down the salaries of these pages and mes-
sengers about this Hall, and reduce them to fifty
or twenty-five cents a day. That is the only place
in which we have economized this session. But
as for these wealthy publishers in this city, let us
give them fat contracts and enrich them. We
ought not to talk about economy when they are
concerned. Let us give John C. Rives $50,000
more, and then give Wendell and the Printer of
this House, and these other printers, large dona-
tions. They have not made quite enough money
yet. And when we have enriched all the pub-
lishers of this city, let us bring on a few from
New York and other cities who are equally anx-
ious to participate in these fat jobs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman fiom
.New York, and in favor of the amendment of
the Senate as amended by the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] I hope
that the committee will vote upon the matter now,
and let us get it into the House where we can
have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say one word in ref-
erence to the printing bureau. So far as the select
committee on pruning is concerned, which has
been referred to two or three times, the majority
of the committee are not in favor of the buieau.
Thev permuted the bill of the gentleman from
New Yoik to be presented, but a majouiy of the
committee were m favor of giving the punting to
the lowest bidder.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Taylor, of New York; and it was rejected.
Mr. WHITELEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Alter The word 45 Territorv,'" in the twenty fifth line of
the Senate amendment. ni>ctt the wnuN :
And one set to each member oi the Tiuity-Fifth Con-
gress
I ask for a vote upon my amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 am in favor of that amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must speak
in opposition to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, then, I will oppose it.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 rise to a point ot order. As
I understand that amendment, it changes the law
which provides that members shall not hereafter
distribute bonks to themselves.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken. The amendment is not in order, as it pro-
poses to change the existing law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be glad to
know what is the existing law upon the subject?
I understand that there is no taw upon the sub-
ject. This very order for the publication of the
books is the origination of a law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia docs not understand the amendment of the
gentleman from Delaware. It proposes to give
one copy of this work to each member of the
present Congress. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order, inasmuch as it proposes to
change an existing law—the compensation act.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words: " and one for each
college in each congressional district."
Mr. Chairman, the Prince De Canino, on one
occasion, instructed his head steward, or master
of the household, to lepoit to him the best plan
of economy he could recommend in his depart-
ment; and, after going through the house, from
the cellar up to the garret, the steward very de-
liberately repoited to his employer that he found
he could dispense with nothing except a hall lamp.
Now the Democratic party in this House are in
this condition: in the early part of the session
we contracted a loan of $20,000,000 by the issue
of Treasury notes; and we are now about to con-
tract another loan of M5,000,000. We have pro-
vided no means to pay the interest on that debt.
Your revenue is insufficient, and you are com-
pelled to resort to forced loans to carry on the
Government. And here we are to-day gravely
deliberating whether, in the midst of tftiS deficit,
we will not still further increase the expenditures
of the Government to an amount that is not known;
for no man can now tell, except on ex parte esti-
mates, whether the final cost of this work will be
five hundred thousand, seven hundred and fifty
thousand, or one million dollars. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] whether
he can go befoie his people and sustain himself,
with all his acknowledged Philadelphia-lawyer
ability, on an issue like this? [Laughter.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. What is the particular is-
sue ?
Air. CLEMENS. Why, sir, the Democratic
party, forsooth, is the States-right party—the
party of economy, retrenchment, and reform; and
I ask the gentleman whether, if he votes for an
extravagant proposition like this, he will dare to
go before Ins people, bare his breast, and defy
the stroke ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I consider the test of Penn-
sylvania Democracy quite equal to that of Vir-
ginia Democracy, and it is to be found m practice
much inoip than in profession.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, I tell the gentleman
from Pennsylvania this: that if he can find any
clause in the Constitution of the United States, or
any clause in the resolutions of 179$, which will
justify him in converting this House into a book-
making machin^, and the membeis of this House
into the mere conduits through which they are to
be distributed, he understands Vngima Democ-
racy better than 1 do. What will be the result of
these appropriations ? We shall sec it in the next
campaign. You will see gentlemen upon this side
of the Blouse railing out against an expenditure
of eighty or ninety millions a year, in the face of
an empty Treesuiy I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania how he can stand justified befoie
his constituents, when this House knows that
there is not a single document which they propose
to publish which has not already been printed, and
which is not now in the archives of the Govern-
ment? So far, then, as this appropriation is con-
cerned, I can see no ^ood reason, no colorable
pretext for it. I know this, Mr. Chan man, that
if this law be passed, it will be said hereafter,
whether the Republican party, the Democratic
party, or the American party be in power, that
you cannot interfere with this law because it is in
the nature of a continuing eontiact; and you will
find gentlemen arguing to this House that you
have no light to impair the obligations of your
contracts. It will take, it may be, ten years to
complete this publication, whether in the hands of
Gales & Seaton, or Wendell, or some oth< r spec-
ulator in the public printing, and you will find
them contending that Congt ess has no right to in-
terfere with their vested n;hts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. It seems to me there is a
great deal of fuss about a little matter. Limited,
as the appropriation was to have been by the
amendment ot the gentleman from Ohio, and con-
fined within a reasonable number of volumes, as
was stated by the gentleman fiomVngmta, I
would most willingly and gladly avail myself of
the opportunity to vot^ foi keeping a pcimanent
record of the history of our Government—useful
to those who come ufn r us. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman fiom Vngunadoes not know
but, perchance, when some future Congress may
bung up the publication of the papers, his own
messages maybe found in them. But, if the gen-
tleman lepresents a district which he tells us does
not want to have the records of the country pie-
served, I can tell him his constituents are entirely
difTeierit from mine. They are interested in ail
these matters. There is hardly a State paper
that ever emanated from our Government winch
I would wish to see withdrawn. I am willing to
see the State papers not only of the gentleman's
State, but of every State of tiie Union, published
this day; and I rejoice that the American Con-
gress thinks enough of our State papers to put
them into a permanent form, and in a shape m
winch they can be read in eveiy college in the
Union. If two thousand copies are not enough
for that purpose, I would vote for five thousand;
and I assure the gentleman I am notyfraid to as-
sume all the responsibility of my action.
And, sir, has the gentleman from Virginia voted
for nothing worse than this ? [sins Democracy
of that kind that he would not vote a dollar of
monev : I wouid not stop an expenditure wmch
the people demnnd, but I would go further than
the gentleman from Virginia. 1 would, whenever
the occasion comes, lend my aid to put money
into the Treasury. I am not m favor of profli-
gate expenditures; I am not for running into debt;
and I will vote for replenishing the national Treas-
ury; vote for such means as will put money into
the Treasury—money which we propose to ex-
pend in so creditable a manner.
Mr. CLEMENS. How does the gentleman
propose to do it? By another loan, or by an
amendment of the tariff?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will take occasion at some
future time to state more satisfactorily and more
at large what means I would adopt than I can do
in the short space of five minutes; but I will state
this to the gentleman: that I will advocate as close
retrenchment and reform as he has ever done;
though I will not advocate that miserable parsi-
mony which would refuse to publish the records
of a country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEMENS, by unanimousconsent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to strike out " two
thousand," and insert " one thousand," so that it
shall read " one thousand copies." It is urged as
the principal reason why this publication should be
made, that it is necessary in order to preserve the
records of the nation in a convenient form. If that
really be the object, and it be not the object to give
a very largejoh to particular favorites, as the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Smith] has said, 1 do
not see why it is necessary to publish two thou-
sand copies. If there were to he one copy sent
to each congressional district, that would require
but two hundred and thirty-six; and if each Sen-
ator be allowed a copy, to be sent by the Senators
and Representatives to some public institutions m
their States and districts, that would require less
than thieo hundred. Three hundred copies would
be sufficient for the purposes of the State Depait-
ment, to supply foreign ministers and foreign
agents; and then, if an additional number is al-
lowed to supply each State library, still you have
not reached near one thousand copies.
As to the suggestion ot furnishing this work to
the school hbrati^s of the country, and to col-
leges, I must say that I do not understand upon
what reasonable principle itcan be advocated that
Congress shall make publications of this charac-
ter to distribute among the literary institutions of
the country. They may be published at a high
cost, and sent out at the expense of the Govern-
ment, and yet lie in many of those libraries mold-
ermg away, and unless some man engaged in
political hfeshould happen to live near a college,
they would never be opened at all.
It seems to me, then, that if the main object is
to preserve these State papers in a convenient
form, the woik should be limited to that object,
and one thousand copies would answer all the
purposes of the Government.
While I am upon the floor, I desire to makean-
other temark m reference to this bill. If this is
not intended to be a job, why is it that the com-
mittee rejected the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] to let out the
publication to the lowest bidder? 1 f it is intended
to practice economy, and if it is intended to deal
fairv and justly, why not let this contract be made
upon principles which will secure the doing of the
work cheaply and expeditiously ? Why put the
price of these volumes at $3 50? Does any man
pretend that with such a contract, with such as-
surances of compensation, they would be worth
that amount >
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. IvILGORE. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. If we are to have this work published
at all, we should have a sufficient number of copies
to supply the public libraries, and for ail ordinary
purposes of members of Congress; and if there
should be a surplus, we will not fail to find means
to dispose of what is left, pioperly and with ad-
vantage to the country. I regrcttpd exceedingly
to heat the gentleman from Virginia [Mr Smith]
appeal to the Democratic party to economize at
this particular time; m other words, appeal to
them to avoid responsibility. How much more
magnanimous it would have been for him to have
asked the Democratic party, which is in the as-
cendency here, to come forward and devise ways
and means by which our exhausted and empty
