1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
because the majority of the Senate of Iowa did not
think proper to go into the convention on the last
day of its meeting, but adjourned over. Now we
jire asked to say, that when there is no law for a
convention; no action of either House of the Le-
gislature providing for a convention; no action of
what constituted a quorum of either House in any
way, on the subject; a number of members con-
vened together in the manner I have stated, could
elect Senators of the United States. Is it possi-
ble that that was an election made by the Legis-
lature of Indiana? And especially, I ask, is it an
election made by the Legislature of Indiana in the
manner and at the time prescribed for it? Obvi-
ously, it is neither. The fact of one member or
two members or three members having been im-
Eroperly inducted into the Senate, if established
y proof, could not by possibility alter the char-
acter of this meeting. If such testimony were ad-
missible, to contradict the records and proceed-
ings of the Senate of Indiana on the subject of the
election and induction of their own members, it
would not give any character to this election
which would constitute a case entitling these gen-
tlemen to seats in this body.
The whole question resolves itself simply into
this: is it true that, in the absence of all iaw for
that purpose, a majority in number of the two
Houses of a Legislature, consisting of a majority
of one House, and a minority of the other, can
get together of their own accord, without any res-
olution, without any law, and make an election,
which is an election by the Legislature of the
State? If they can, this is a good election. If a
majority of one House and a minority of the other,
constituting together a majority of the whole num-
ber of the two bodies, can make anclection in this
way, you have no need to send out for proof, but
you can decide the case to-day. If that makes a
legal election, we may as well say so, and decide
it to-day as at any time. There is no necessity
for sending out to obtain testimony in regard to
this matter. The case is before us ripe, ready
for a decision. If an election can be made in the
way I have described, this is an election. If it
cannot be made in that way, testimony cannot
change it. I think, therefore, we should proceed
at once to the decision of the case.
Mr. PUG-H. Mr. President, I first designed to
have made some observations in reply to the Sen-
ator from Maine, and his accusations against the
committee and the majority of the Senate; but they
were so effectually disposed of by my colleague
on the committee, the Senator from Louisiana,
that I shall now only make one or two observa-
tions in reply to the Senator from Vermont.
It is true, as he has stated, that the Legisla-
ture of the State of Indiana consists of one hun-
dred Representatives and fifty Senators. The two
gentlemen now in their seats as Senators from
Indiana, received a majority of all the members
of the Legislature, a majority of one hundred and
fifty, and they are now in their seats in virtue of
credentials bearing the great seal of the State.
The protest presented at the last Congress alleges
that there never was any joint resolution of the
two Houses agreeing upon the time and place of
election. What is the answer of the sitting mem-
bers? and I do not, like the Senator from Vermont,
go out to what may be stated by parol; itis stated
in their paper. If you overrule a motion to con-
tinue a case, where the party by his affidavit
sets out what he expects to prove, you must pro-
ceed upon the hypothesis that what he has said
is true—that he can prove it; it is like what the
lawyers call a demurrer to the evidence. They
allege that although the Senate of Indiana could
have consisted of fifty members, although there
were that many memberships, yet in point of fact
there were but forty-seven members in the Senate;
when the Lieutenant-Governor, who is the Pres-
ident of the Senate, took the chair, appointed by
law to recognize the members elect, he did not rec-
ognize the three gentlemen who have been referred
to. They had not any certificates of election. I
do not care whether they had been elected or not;
if they had no evidence of their election, and were
not recognized by the officer appointed by law,
they had no right to take upon themselves the
duties of the office. That is a plain proposition,
• and it seems to mo that he who runs may read.
Then the contestees allege further, that by the
law of Indiana, and by the settled usage and prac-
tice of the Legislature of Indiana, and particularly
| in the Senate of the State, no person could be
j sworn as a Senator without the order of theLieu-
! tenant Governor; for he, by the constitution of
| the State, was made the President of the Senate.
These three men presented themselves; the Lieu-
tenant Governor did not recognize them; they had
no credentials. What then followed ? Some Sen-
ator is thrust upon a seat by the side of the Lieu-
tenantG-ovefnor, and he directs them to be sworn.
Now, the question is not of their election—no-
body claims the right to investigate the election
of a member of the State Senate of Indiana; but
we have aright to investigate the question whether
he had color of office; whether he was legally in-
ducted into office. The fact that the State Sen-
ate, long after the alleged election of the two sit-
| ting Senators, proceeded to investigate the fact,
I and ascertained that these three gentlemen had
j been elected, has no sort of pertinency to this
j issue; that had not transpired at the time of the
election of United States Senators.
What is a man's commission ? He is an offi-
cer—I do not care whether in the civil or military
service; what is the object of his commission?
It is to authorize him to execute the duties of the
office. If he has no credentials of his election, and
is notqualified m theproper manner, it makes no
difference whether he has ever been elected or !
not; he cannot proceed, lie cannot act. The mi-
nority of the committee do not admit the truth of
this assertion made by the sitting Senators, and
I do not assert that it is true; I do not know; but
the majority of the committee say this fact ought
to be ascertained; and I will show the Senate m
a moment why it ous^ht to be ascertained.
The Senator from Vermont says it is settled by '
the record: and he asks, can you contradict the
record? In some cases you can. The allegation
of the sitting members in that regard is that these
three men helped to make the i ocoid. Fiaud, we
are told m the law books, vitiates everything.
F raud vitiates a judgment; fraud vitiates a record.
I do not mean fraud that lies at the bottom of the
transaction, but fraud m making up the record.
If an instrument's brought here forged, are we
to be told that we cannot go into the question of
forgery? If some man goes into the Department
of State and steals the great seal of the United
States and puts it to a document, cannot we in-
quire how the seal came there ? If these very three
men whose light is contested, themselves, with
others, made this rccord, it cannot stand against
the truth of the transaction. That question of
fraud we can examine into. It is a question of
forgery rather than fraud.
Suppose the record says nothing about it, as in
this case: what then? Cannot we inquire into it;
on an allegation of fraud ? I have another ques-
tion to suggest to the Senator from Vermont.
Suppose we were satisfied, or rather the fact was
so and established to us indubitably, that one third
of the Senatois elect of the State of Indiana had
died before the commencement of the session, and
the majority had proceeded to vote others into
their seats, not to decide on any question of elec-
tion, but absolutely to award seats to a number
of men for the express purpose of defeating the
election of a Senator of the United States: what
then? What is to be done in such a case as that?
Is the record made up by these very men, to pre-
clude us from ever examining the truth of the
transaction ?
Now, I will show the Senate, as I said awhile
ago, how the question of the rightful induction
of these three men into office, becomes material.
1 repeat, so that, there may be no misunderstand- j
ing, that no_ member of the committee, so far as !
I know, claims the right to examine into the elec- i
tion of those three gentlemen; but they do claim j
the right to examine whether they were ever le- j
gaily inducted into office. Therefore it is not a :
question between a Senator de facto and a Senator I
dejute. It is a question whether they weie ever j
Senators de facto. The Senate of Indiana and the |
House of Representatives of I ndiana were assem- j
bled. Th e constitution of that State appoints a I
day on which the Governor and Lieutenant Gov- j
ernor elect shall be sworn into office, on which \
the votes shall be counted by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, in the presence of both
branches of the Legislature. This proceeding,
this disturbance in the Senate of the State went
on. The House of Representatives sent up a mes-
sage to the Senate appointing an hour on the last
day of grace when they would proceed to, coutU
the votes. Tlie Senate paid no attention to it, ana
did not respond. Then the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, the officer appointed by the
constitution to perform this duty, finding that
this was the very last day of grace, sent a notice
to the Senate that he required their presence under
the constitution of the State to enable him to per-
form that duty. The then President of the Sen
ate left his seat. He was the Governor elect. He
was followed by a majority of forty-seven Sena-
tors, if there ware but forty-seven. Two other
Senators, so that it would have been a majority
of the Senate, were present, but they say they
only went as spectators, and I leave them out.
He was followed by a majority of forty-seven
Senators if those were the only Senators; a joint
convention was assembled; the Speaker of the
Houseproceeded to count the votes; he announced
the result; the Governor elect was sworn in and
delivered his inaugural address; the Lieutenant
Governor was sworn in.
That convention, by the order of its presiding
officer, was adjourned over to a future day. I
admit there arises a question,and itis a fair ques-
tion, as to the authority of the joint convention
itself to adjourn over, or as to the authority of its
presiding officer to adjourn it over. What is the
answer of the sitting Senators to that? That that
was the fixed, settled usage of the State of Indi-
ana. I agree that a usage, to be of any validity,
must be certain, notorious, and reasonable. It
remains to be ascertained whether the usage is of
that character. That is one of the very points
which will influence my mind, in a greatdegree,
m deciding on this election. I wish to know what
the usage was, there being no law on the subject.
Is thata new proposition in the Senate? The con-
tested case from Florida, a few years ago, was
decided on the question of usage by the unani-
mous vote of this body, as appears from the rec-
ord. There being no written law, no provision
of the constitution, no statute on the subject, we
are to inquire what was the usage of the Legisla-
ture of Indiana as to these joint conventions; and
if it had been the settled practice from the earliest
times, with no dissent, for the convention, or for
the presiding officer, of his own motion, sub silen-
tio, toodjourn the jointconvention to afutureday,
I do not see that there is anything more that can
be alleged on the subject. It becomes a valid con-
vention, provided a majority of the members of
both Houses are present, and do not dissent.
Then this convention metatasubsequent time,
according to its adjournment. At that convention,
also, a majority of forty-seven Senators were pres-
ent. Itadjourned again in the same manner, with-
out dissent; and on the third day of the session
of the joint convention, the two gentlemen now in
their seats were chosen, at which time a majority
of forty-seven Senators wore present.
That is the materiality of these three men. That
is the reason why, as 1 understand it, the Senator
from Indiana [Mr, Bright] has stated several
times in this body that if the minority of the Judi-
ciary Committee will admit the fact that these
three men were never legally inducted into office,
he is ready to have his case decided to-day. I
understood him to say that before. I so under-
stand him now.
But it is said on the other side, by the Senator
from Vermont, that there must be a quorum of
the two Houses present to make an election of a
United States Senator.
Mr. COLLAMER. Or an act previously
passed by a quorum, prescribing the manner of
election.
Mr. PUGH. There is no law on the subject
in that State, and there is none in my State, and
never has been in the State I represent. When
they are ready to make an election, one House
sends a message to the other, notifying them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I insist there could never
be a convention by a majority of the members of
the two Houses, unless there was a resolution
for it.
Mr. PUGH. I am coming to that point. The
Senator claims that this was not a valid conven-
tion, there being no previous law, because there
ought to have been present two thiids of each
House. What is the answer of the sittiii" mem-
bers to that? That that provision of their con-
stitution has been construed by the Legislature
repeatedly in each House, and by the judges of
