704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£.
ebruary 15.
Aeir supreme court, to apply only to the transac-
tion of legislative business; that in the numerous
joint elections which have transpired in that Le-
gislature—or joint conventions for the purpose of
electing State officers, being precisely similar to
that of the election of Senator—the presence of
tw,o thirds of each House has never been con-
sidered material. I consider that each State has
a right to construe its own constitution. If that
be true, there is aa answer, and especially does
that proposition commend itself, not only to the
Senator from Vermont, but to me; for when we
had the case of the Senator from Iowa under con-
sideration, he and I agreed that the word " Legis-
lature" in the Constitution of the United States
did not mean the law-making power as organized
for the purpose of making laws, but that it was the
electoral college by which Senators of the United
States were to be chosen. I believe the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] went so far as to de-
clare—and if I am Wrong ho will correct me—that
where one House appointed a time and place for
the election, and notified the other House to at-
tend, and the other House did not attend, then if
the party had still a majority of all the members
of the Legislature, he was duly elected Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator from
Vermont to make a stronger proposition than that;
and if I am mistaken, he may correct me. I un-
derstood him to state that we might pass an act of
Congress requiring the judge of the district court
of the United States to go to the seat of government
on any day, and take the votes of members of the
Legislature.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be remembered that
the time, place, and manner of election are to bo
prescribed by the Legislature; and the Constitu-
tion further provides that Congress may make
provision in all those respects, except as to the
place. Under that exercise of the power of Con-
gress, I insistthat Congress has plenary power on
that subject.
Mr. PUSH. Then they have the power to re-
quire the judge of the district court of the United
States for the district of Indiana to go to Indian-
apolis, the seat of government, on any day, either
within the session of the Legislature or without
it, and call upon the members of the Senate and
House of Representatives of Indiana to vote; to
issue a precept to them or a public advertisement, i
and thatthen thegentlemen who have the majority |
of the votes are Senators, without reference to the I
question whether the electors met as Houses of
the Legislature or not. If that he so, how little
consequence can be attached to the provision that
two thirds of each House are a quorum for the
passage of a law. How immaterial does it become
what is the quorum required by their constitution
for ordinary legislative business.
I have endeavored to state the allegations of the
parties. When this case was before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary at the third session of the last
Congress, when the papers were in manuscript,
and when it was a very difficult matter for six
gentlemen, as the committee was then constituted,
to have access to a great roll like this, and to sift
out of the vast mass of transcripts, affidavits, and
statements, what were the points at issue, the
committee came to a resolution which seemed to
them to be fair upon reading the allegations of the
sitting Senator, [Mr. Pitch,] whose case was then
the only case before us; and we reported to the
Senate a resolution authorizing both the parties
(not merely the Senators in their seats, but the
protectants) to take their testimony on all the mat-
ters alleged in the statements 011 both sides. I
think we used very great diligence in that case.
It will be recollected by all those who were mem-
bers of the Senate at that Congress, that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary protested against the ref-
erence of the case to them, and protested chiefly
on the ground that it was so late in the session
that they could not pretend to do justice to it. It
was forced on us, and we did the best wo could.
We reported the resolution. Why did it not
pass > Because the opposition did just what they
are doing to-day. They offered an amendment
to prevent it from passing, to force the committee
to decide on evidence which the committee said
was not sufficient to enable it to decide. As often
as the question came up, the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] got the floor and spoke against
the resolution, spoke-it into the mass of the ap-
propriation bills, and literally spoke it to death.
That is the first delay of which the Senator frotn
Maine complains.
Then we came to the executive session and the
same thing was repeated, and the Congressional
Globe will show it. It was spoken to death again.
Now, what is the object of this proceeding? Is
it, aa the Senator from Louisiana has well in-
quired, to pass the resolution ? Not at all. It is
to prevent its passing. I do not complain that
Senators oppose it; they have a right to oppose
any resolution; but I do complain that a Senator
shall stand up and say he has examined the record,
and by the record he proposes to convict the com-
mittee and the Senate of a delay which was caused
by those who act with him. That is what I com-
plain of.
I have stated the allegations of the parties, and
stated them without giving my opinion on any one
of the points, because many of them are questions
of fact which could not be decided, or at least
they are difficult to decide, if they can be decided
at all, on these papers; and they are not immedi-
ately before us for consideration.
Nor do I mean to be understood as saying that
I deem all this evidence, or that, upon further
consideration, I should deem any of it, essential
to a conclusion in my own mind on this case.
That is not the question. I am but one of the
seven members of the Committee on the Judici-
ary. I am entitled, in forming my judgment, to
the benefit of the opinions of the Senator from
Louisiana, and the Senator from Georgia, and the
Senator from Delaware. Before I form my own
opinion definitely and vote, I am entitled to the
aid of their judgment in the decision of the case;
and each of those Senators has declared that he
cannot come to a satisfactory decision of this case
without this evidence; and when they say that,
it is enough for mc. We are not a court*, as the
Senator from Vermont says. We decide nothing.
If we come to a conclusion, what is our conclusion
worth? It does not unseat anybody; it docs not
confirm anybody; it is to come here to the Senate
to be considered in the Senate; and it may so
turn out that a Senator who was not a member
of the committee, on examining the case, would
say, "Here is a material point of fact which
would govern my vote; and 1 claim that the Com-
mittee on the Judicialy has no right to prevent
the party from proving the fact, because, if ho can
prove it, he is entitled to my vote." It seems to
me the committee have acted with candor, with
frankness, with fairness, at every stage of the
proceeding. I am satisfied that, if a speedy de-
cision of this case is what is required, if that is
what the Senator from Maine wants, it is the
surest thing in the world, it was the surest thing
at the last Congress, it was the surest thing at
the executive session, to keep still and let the
resolution pu.ss. We should have had the evi-
dence here if it had passed then.
If there be any objection that there is no limita-
tion of time, or any tiling of that sort, I do not sup-
pose thorp will be any objection on the part of the
committee to any reasonable limitation. What
we want is to give the parties a chance to estab-
lish the truth of their allegation, and that I think
they arc entitled to have. They are entitled to it
not merely to inform me as one of the committee
to which the case is referred, but to inform the
other members. I shall therefore vote for this
resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. Having been a member of the
Judiciary Committee during the last Congress, at
the extra session of the Senate, and at the pres-
ent session, I deem it proper to make a very brief
statement in answer to the insinuations of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.J I venture
to say no question has been before that committee
since I have been a member of it, which has been
more assiduously attended to in committee and
in this body than that of the clcction of Senators
111 the State of Indiana. The Senator from Maine
has given the dates, and they are correct. It seems
that when the question was first referred to that
committee, in a very few days, sixteen days,
which embraced but two regular meetings of the
committee, a report was made. The question was
taken up at the first regular meeting. An ad-
journed meeting was held, and theii at the next
regular meeting it was acted upon to the exclusion
of all other business. We deemed this informa-
tion important to the decision of the Senate, and
we asked that testimony should be taken for the
purpose of furnishing it. It was opposed by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] as has
already been stated, steadily, studiously, and
pertinaciously, upon the grounds now urged. At
the last Congress we had precisely the argument
which xve hear now; that it is unnecessary. I
answered it then. I insisted that the resolution
should pass. It was objected to, and actior. on the
resolution was defeated by that member, and by
that member alone. No action could be had on
it then.
At the extra session there was a new organiza-
tion of the committee. That gentleman and the
Senator from Vermont became members of the
committee. We took the question up immedi-
ately at a called meeting of the committee, the
reference having been after the regular day of
meeting, which was once a week. We acted im*-
mediately and promptly. We reported the same
resolution. It was then free from any difficulty,
becaiise its adoption could not lead to any delay
at all. There was ample time allowed for testi-
mony to be taken during the recess, so that we
might decide the case at this session. There was
no reason in the world for stopping it except the
one given by the Senator from Louisiana, that
somebody did not want the exposition; because,
if it was not important, why object to it when it
could create no delay ? There were eight or nine
months when the commission could have acted and
brought all the facts, material or immaterial. But
it was spoken out by the Senator from Illinois, as
you have just heard, who has stood 111 the path
of action on it from the first day to the last. It
was objected to then by him. He desired to be
heard—he had a right to be heard. We have no
means of bringing a question to an issue in this
body. If gentlemen desire to speak on it they can
speak on it forever, or as long as their strength
will allow. He had the floor, and he spoke as long
as he chose. There was other public business
which was pressing and which took precedence.
The committee urged this matter before the Senate
at appropriate times, and even at inappropriate
times, as already appears from the statement of
my friend from Ohio.
At this session, when I reached here about
Christmas, I found the question before the com-
mittee. It was delayed for one or two meetings-,
on account of the indisposition of the attorney of
one of the parties; but it was brought up regu-
larly, and the moment it could be fairly and in-
telligently heard, the same resolution was pre-
sented to this body. When we seek to pass that,
we are met by the Senator from Illinois with the
same story, the same speech, that it is immaterial,
and seeking to show that it made no difference.
I have no doubt it makes nona with him, but it
does with me. I deem it important to the right
of the case. Hero is a great fact. If the Senator
from Maine wishes to go to the country, I want
to give him something to take to the country.
The fact is, that these two Senatorshold their seats
by the votes of eighty-three of the one hundred
and fifty members of the Senate and House of
Representatives of Indiana, by the votes of a large
majority of the legal electors, the persons ap-
pointed by the Constitution of the United States
to make the election.
This is beyond cavil, beyond dispute. They
were competent to make the election. There was
not a disputed seat among them. The constitu-
tion made it their duty to elect Senators. The
question now which is urged by these gentlemen
is, whether one branch of the Legislature of In-
diana, by fraud and violence, prevented the exer-
cise of this duty. That is the question which the
minority are at. Can you maintain that fraud?
I say that the Senate of the United States ought
to be astute, ought to be careful to look into the
whole facts, to ascertain if there be no means by
which this infamous fraud of the minority of the
Legislature of Indiana shall be prevented from
defeating the exercise of a constitutional duty,
and thus prevent the representation of the Slate
on.this floor. The State had then, for two years,
had only one Senator on this floor; and if those
men had carried out their purpose, she would
have been for two years more without another
Senator, and one seat would have been vacant for
four years, as her Legislature meets only bien-
nially.
The Senata of the United States are urged not
