2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Treasury could be replenished, and enabled to
not only the expenses of the Government,
but alt these other expenses ! Why not appeal
to th m to take the responsibilities which prop-
erly belong to them, instead of avoiding them ?
Why nm call on the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and M^ans, who feasts at the Execu-
tive table, and basks in the sunshine of the Presi-
dent's smiles, to devise some plan by which the
expenses of the Government mi^ht be defrayed
other than by cont mually resorting to loans ? The
gentleman from Virginia tells ins political friends
that tiiey should avoid responsibility. Heaven
knows they have avoided responsibility too long!
Why not meet it with the boldness characteristic
of the old Democratic party r Why come forward
and ask the modern Democracy to avoid respons-
ibility at the expense of the best interests of the
country? I hope the gentleman5samendment will
not be adopted, and that my friend who is at the
head of the Committee of Ways and Means will
devise some plan by which this expenditure, as
well as all others, may be met in due season; and
1 hope that such plan may be acted upon before
the termination of the present session.
Mr. J. CLANCY JONES. Will my friend
give me some suggestion? 1 am ready to re-
ceive it.
Mr. KILCORE. The gentleman shouW re-
ceive his suggestions from other quarters. There
is no responsibility resting- upon this side of the
House, and i do not wish to impose my counsels
on iho gentleman.
Air. CLEMENS. As the gentleman seems so
particulai ly frank in his advice to others not to
avoid responsibility, I desire to ask him how he
would provide for the deficiency in the Treasury?
Mr. K'LGORE. t would modity the tariff wo
as to ptoduee a sufficient revenue, to meet all the
expenses of the Government and secure the ne-
cessary protection to the manufacturers of the
North and tin' great iron mteiest of Pennsylva-
nia, instead of ivinif an exclusive protection to
the sugar-growing interests of the South to the
amount of ^lo,U00,UU0 per annum, as is now the
case.
The question was taken on Mr. Rkagan's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question lectured on the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. CLEMENS called for t-llorn.
Telleis were ordered, .\\)i\ Messis. ClRMKVS
and Chatfke were appointed.
Mr. SM 1TII, of Vngtnia. 1 desire to enter my
protest against tins special l< gudation. i obj<ct
tft Hs being assumed or chaiged that our action
has reference to the em (Clnm lit of individuals.
It has heenaheadv cnarged that this pioposed
publication otigmates m a private puipose or en-
terpil.se, and we give countenance to the ciiatge
by our spei dying the individuals who a:e sjiu to
have projected the publication and giving ihetn
the j'>b. Now, I protest against that. Ldo insist
on it that this Confess ought not to order so ex-
pensive a pnbhcaiion ns this to be done by any-
body, but should leave competition for it open to
the wide world I insist that if u be deemed ne-
cessary that the woi k should now commence, we
ought to CHinnu nee it undei auspices Mich as ate
calculah d to protect ihe public inten wliu h,
1 say, ate to be sacrificed by tin- p.oposed plan;
and 1 do trust that, while.we have a knowledge of
the fact that this whole printing system is likely
to undergo a v<u y speedy lefwrm, mat a new sys-
tem is to be inaugmaied, and mat in ail probabil-
ity we are henceiorth to do our ow n pi intma, we
sh itild not take one of the very heaviest jobsthat
is to be done and give u to one Oi two peisons,
however worthy ard icspectable they may be.
AJr. MAYNAUD. i w ould M\e to ask the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia whethei he does not know,
as a matter of fact, that the gentlemen to whom
he has alluded arc better qualified i ban an y others
now b vii'g i n ? be count t y to disc ha rge \ hat wot k ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. So fai fiom know-
ing that to be iii<> l.ict, 1 say here—and let the
(?enth man from Tenia ssee mark it—that if tins
job be givvn to Gales &, Seaton, they will never
do the vvoik, bai oiiiats will. Tiiey will pocketa
handsome percentage on the operation, but oiheis
•will do the work. I give the gentleman notice
that he may anticipate that thing.
Mr. MA\NARD. I ask the gentleman who
will do the head woik—the compilation?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is made the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of
the House to select and arrange the documents.
I have presented these views to the committee and
to the country. I am not disposed to elaborate
them; 1 am perfectly willing to do everything I
can in a liberal spirit, to advance any man, but I
am here to promote the public interest; I am here
to see that, if we order a publication, that publi-
cation is to be made on the best terms. 1 am here,
not for the purpose of building up any man or
men from t he common Treasury of us all.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. \ do not propose
to discuss the amendment. We are wasting the
whole day, and spending money enough about
this matter to cover the cost of this whole publi-
cation. The discussion is being protracted for
no practical purpose, but only because gentlemen
are disposed to talk. 1 ask for a vote upon the
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was
rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the Sen-
ate amendment as amended.
The committee divided; and the tellers#report-
ed—ayes 75, noes 59. /
So the amendment as amended was concurred
v
Sixty-third amendment:
Pec. 2-1. Jind he it Jarther enacted, That the provisions
of the fifth -section of the act entitled •• An act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses ot the
Government tor the year ending June JO, 1842," approved
the 3d dav of Match, 1841, and the eighth faction of the
pot entitled " An act making appiopriations tot certain civil
p\pen*es? of the Government for the vear ending June JO,
iy.)8," approved the 3d day of Mai eh, 18.V7, die hereby con •
stiued and declared toihrretthe Seeretaiv oft'ie Ticu-auy
to allow and pay toMnveyotsot ports peifoimmgor having
performed the dunes of eoKeetots ol eu-uoms, since the
parage of the law la-a above incited, the same compen-
sation, and no other, as is allowed to collector tor like ser-
vices.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurience
m that amendment.
sues it, 1 will not explain it.
[Cries of '* Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
committee will concur m the amendment of the
Senate. I think it is based upon justice and
equity,
[Ones of " Vote !" and " Question !"]
Mi. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 do not wish the
vo'e lo be taken without an explanation, if there
io be a question raised about the amendment.
The act of ]S-!i provided for certain compensation
to be aiiowul collectors ofcustoms. The act of
1857 put a eonsti action upon that act, and a ques-
tion 1ms since been raised at the Treasury De-
partment as to what it means. One construction
is that the surveyors of ports, are to have the same
pay that collectors were entitled to under the act
of 1841, and the effect of this amendment is to
cany out that construction, and to give the sur-
veyors of ports the back pay, back to 1841, which
the collectors of port? have been entitled to. That
is the explanation.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire whether
this is an amendment that would be in order, if
oiTeicd oi initially m the House? Whether it does
not give a construction of a law, and so would
not be in oider as an amendment her*1 ?
Alt. J GLANCY JONES, it would not have
been in ou'er here. 11 was put in in the Senate.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I hope the House will
nor to!m \ie the prac i ice o f amending or construing
the law- of the eouniiy hy senatorial amendments
to nppt opi mtion bills.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
think myself that the amendnx ni will give back
pay to any suivi vois. It is only prospective.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, it goes back sev-
enteen years; ihat is all.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. The language is,
peifoiming or having performed.'5
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think it
is only fair that the suiveyors of poits who have
peifoimed the duties ot collectors should have the
pay of collectors, and in oider to give the amend-
ment a piospective application only, I move to
amend it by striking out the wouls "or having
perfonnt dan\thing so as to make it piosped-
tive What I want to get the House to do is to
prevent a d'sci i mi nation against the suiveyor who
performs the duties of the collector*
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Wherever there is
no collector is it not because there is no business?
and thus what the surveyor does get he gets for
nothing.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, sir;
youdo not multiply offices, probably, where there
is no necessity tor it. If at a port where there is
but little business, an officer performs the duties
which belong properly to a collector, there is no
equity in not giving him the same pay exactly.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move to amend by striking
out the first six lines of the Senate amendment.
As I understand the proposition ingrafted upon
this bill by the Senate, it is simply this: it goes
back to the year 1841, a period of seventeen years,
for the purpose of raking up the parties, or, if
they are dead, the repiesentatives of the parties,
who are to come forward and satisfy the Govern-
ment that they performed this higher grade of
duty, to be entitled to this pay. Sir, many of
them must have been settled for sixteen years,
and some for a longer period of time. They have
been satisfied with the settlement. Men have
died satisfied with it. Yet now you propose to in-
troduce this question here, and to bring forward
their heirs, who have never expressed discontent
or dissatisfaction, in order that all these settle-
ments may be ripped up, that there may be a re-
adjustment of each and all of them, and that the
parties may have the increased compensation.
Air. MARSHALL,of Kentucky. Why, then,
will not the gentleman strike out the retrospective
operation of the amendment?
AJr. LETCHER. 1 understand your proposi-
tion to strike if out. If it is not to be icttospec-
tive, what is the justice of the prospective part of
it? Here is a salary fixed by law for each one of
this class of officers, and you are proposing that
wlieie a party of an inferior class should occupy a
higher position for a time, temporary or other w ise,
that he shall be allowed that higher giade of pay.
The collectois' pay cannot go beyond $6,01)0 a
3'eji; and you aie here to amend tiie law that a
party who takes an inferior office, with a lull
knowledge of the salary, shall go in, and alter he
has gone in, you will resort to this mode of le-
gislation to increase his compensation. 1 ask
whether it is right? Is it proper legislation in any
sense ?
And then, besides, in another point of view,
gentlemen on that side of the House have been
reading lectures about economy; about multiply-
ing officers-, about extra pay; about increased
printing, and about eveiy species of extrava-
gance. And let the fact go to the country that
there has not been a pioposmon for increased pay,
prospective or retrospective, which has not had
at least one half of the other side of the House in
favor of it.
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. Whatever
may have been the sense in that matter of this side
of the House, I trust that under the song, which
the gentleman has sung mote than once to the
conntiy, the bills wuich aie to pass this House
to sustain the operations of the Government will
be required to be passed by that side of the
LI ouse.
Mr. LETCHER. Agreed; but do not load
them down when you ask us to pass them.
Mr. MARSHALL,ot Kentucky. 1 have seen
and marked the ingenuity of the gentlemen who
have chuige of these bills to throw upon this side
of the House the onus of the passage of eveiy-
tlung that is put, upon them by the Senate, w here
the paity of the gentleman from Virginia haw the
majority. I trust that this side of the House,
when they come to vote on the bills, will let the
Senate amendments down, and let the bills down,
unless the gentlemen can sustain them by the
foice of their own party.
But, the gentleman throws at me the idea that
I am in favor of extravagance and increased ex-
penditure because of my support of this propo-
sition. Let the country understand, that when
I made the piopositron to cut off the retrospect-
ive opeiation of this bill, the gentleman and the
other side of the House declined to sustain it.
They now say that they will not touch it in it3
piospective view. Why? You say that it is not
fair for a man to be paid at a higher grade no
matter what his services may be, who has taken
an inferior office. 1 say then give us collectors.
Do not give us only.suiveyors and compel them
