1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
to the consideration of it. Therefore, I am op-
posed to the motion which is made to proceed to
the consideration of the report. We must have
the subject brought back here from the House of
Representatives, before it can be acted upon by
the Senate; and I wish to suggest at this time a
reply to an argument that was made by the pres-
ent occupant of the chair [Mr. Biggs] on Friday.
He put the case of a conference committee report-
ing that they could not agree. Now, I propose to
show that that makes no difference in the ground
for which I contend. In that case, the committee
of the House of Representatives take the bill to
the House, if under the parliamentary law they
be entitled to the papers, and they there make
their report that the committee have been unable
to agree. It is then competent for the House hav-
ing the bill before them to recede from theiramend-
ment. That would be the first question in order.
It is competent to insist upon their amendment,
and ask for another conference. It is competent
to refuse that, and vote to adhere to their amend-
ment. Either of these votes being carried, they
send a notice to the Senate of what they have
done, and send the bill along with it; and when
it is sent here, we have the papers on the subject
befoie us. And then what could we do? \Ve
could recede from our disagreement; we could
agree to their amendment with an amendment;
we could insist upon our disagreement, and join
in a request for another conference; or we could
adhere to our own amendment, ond thus put an
end to the subject. Having the bill before us, we
could act.
Thus it will be seen that there is no necessity
which can arise 111 any case that is supposed to
proceed to consider a leport, or even to receive it,
until the bill is returned, for if we do receive it
we cannot act. The argument made by the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina is conclusive.
Suppose wo received a repoit that the committee
had been unable to agree, could any proposition
be made here to iccede from ourdisagreementuntil
the bill was hero ? Could any proposition be made
to agree to the House amendment with an amend-
ment ? or could an y proposition be made to adhere
to our amendment before the bill was here ? You
can take no steps necessary to fuither action on
the subject until i he bill is retur ned. Now, sir,
to-day it would he entirely competent for the Sen-
ate, if this lull were returned here, to vote down
this repoit of the committee mid adhere to our
disagreement to the House amendment, or to take
any other course a majority of the Senate might
choose; but, m the present condition of things,
if the amendment repoited by the committee of
conference were "voted down to-day by the Senate,
you could take no further action at all, because
you have not got the bill before you. The 1 louse
of Representatives, howev< r, can take action.
They can vole down this report of the committee
of conference nnd proceed at once to further pro-
<•( ednigs upon the bill, according to the pleasure
of it majority of the House, whatsoever that pleas-
ire may be.
Hut, sir, it will be seen that 1 was not prema-
tura in raising my objection on Fiiday; and, if 1
was, I am not piemature to-day. Suppose the
Se.ia'e should vote to agree to this repoit of the
committee of conference to-day, and the House
of Representatives r.hould vote to reject the re-
poit, find nject the bill, where would your action
U ? JMowhere; it would amount to nothing. The
object of parliamentary law is not thus to waste
nine by going on with a series of proceedings
y.hich may end in nothing. Until the House
having possession of the bill has acted upon it,
yon know not whether you can take any further
action here tint shall be available. It is compe-
te"?. tor the House of Representatives to reject the
b'ii entirt.lv, and end the proceedings upon it.
I hen why should we be considering it brio when
our proceedings can, m that contingency, be of no
avail r It shows, Mr. President, that the ground
I assumed is right and unanswerable, that neither
House can act upon the bill until it has the bill
before it. When the House of Representatives
shall agree to this report, and send us notice that
it has agreed, and ask our agreement, then nothing
but our \ote agreeing to the repot t will be neces- '
saiy to complete action upon the bill.
Mr. PCJGH Does the Senator mean to say
tb'1! we cu'UK't hike up the r<'porf: It may be on
aiguj::,j t why v. e .jhouk! not \otc upon it; but
does my friend mean to say that we cannot take
it up to sese what it is merely because the bill is not
before us ?
Mr. STUART. Yes.
Mr. PUGH. We might take it up, and finding
it defective, send it back to the conference as no
report; or we might object to it and put it aside.
I cannot see, however, that at this stage of the
question the objection is proper, and I say it with
all respect.
Mr. STUART. I understand my honorable
friend, and I only regret that he does not see this
question as I do. You are proceeding to act on
a subject that is not before you. That is my point.
I do not speak of the paper not being here, but I
speak according to the parliamentary law as
stated the other clay by the Senator from Virginia.
The bill is where the law says it ought to be, and
that is m the House of Representatives—the bill,
the amendment of the House, the substitute of
the committee, according to parliamentary law,
are all before the House of Representatives, it
is a mistake that some Senators have fallen into
to suppose that the proposition of the committee
is not a part of the papcia left with the committee
of the House of Representatives. It is just as
much a part of the papers left with the House as
the original bill. The language of the parliament-
ary law is—what? That you leave the papers
with the Committee of that blouse agreeing to the
conference. What papers? All the papers re-
lating to the subject. No exception is made.
The parliamentary law docs not say that you shall
leave the papers that were referred to you, and
bring back what, you propose to substitute for
these papers, but ail papers that belong to the
subject are left with that committee whose House
has agreed to the conference. Why? For the
very reasons that 1 have just, been enamelling,
because that House must act, and being abb* to
act, must, have all the papers before jt. If tins
conference committee pioposes a substitute lor the
whole proceedings, must not that substitute be
there? It cannot be in two places. Tin1 eoufu- j
sion that Senators seem to have been led into, !
arises from the fact that they suppose the bill j
which is to become the law can be in two places |
at the same time. Can that be pretended ? Can j
you take any bill and pass it in the House, and at !
the same moment pass an exact copy of it here, !
and call it alaw ? Notatall. The identical paper j
that you act upon in the Senate, must be acted j
upon in the House of Representatives—not an j
exact copy of it; that will never do. This report, I
I say to my honorable friend fiom Ohio, accord- j
imi to the parliamentary law, is in the liou.se of j
Representatives.; it is thoie, because, I repeat, as I
the Senator from Virginia has said, (he papers are j
. where the law says they ouuhtto be, and the law 1
, says the papers are to be left with the committee 1
i of that House which agreed to the conference—• j
; all the papers, and tins one as well as any other !
one. You might as well bring back the original !
: bin— j
! Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me to j
read the parliamentary law on this point? !
| Air. STUART. Cemunly. j
i Mr. BAYARD. The parliamentary law is: I
! "In at! ea-eti oi oonferenee «v>kcd after <i vote of i
agreement, the conferee-, of tiro I Jniw sis->km« it are lo leave j
the p.i|KMt< with liie coiitcives of the other." '
Mr. STUART. Precisely; but the Senator has j
entirely misapprehended. We have had a vote j
of disagreement in this cose. What was the vote ;
of disagreement that made a committee of confer- j
cnce necessary? We disagreed to the amend- !
ment of the House of Representatives. If we I
had not voted upon the amendment of thcllou&e .
of Representatives, but had simply asked foi a
conference, then the papers would have come to
us; but we voted to disagree. My honorable ■
friend from Ohio made that point in the Senate i
here, and foretold what would happen. If we had, 1
wnhout voting to disagree, asked the House to ,
appoint a committee of conference, the papers :
would have come to us, and we should first have |
acted; but we voted to disagree to th" amendment i
of the House of Representatives, and then the <
parliamentary law says that the papers shall be |
left with the House agreeing to the conference, 1
which, in this case, was the House of Represent- ;
atives. They are there now, and there is no re- i.
port here to act upon, and cannot bo until it is
sent from the House of Representatives.
Mr, GREEN. Mr. President—■—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri will allow the Chair to state what
he understands is the condition of the question
now. The Senator from Michigan withdraws his
call for the reading of the paper ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, the ques-
tion before the Senate is on proceeding to the con-
sideration of the report of the committee of con-
fer ence
Mr. GREEN. 1 am not certain thatthatques-
tion opens up the latitude of debate which has
been indulged in by the Senator from Michigan;
but as it perhaps may, I shall briefly noticc the
points of which his objection consists. In the first
place, he is in very gross error in supposing that
either tiie Senate bill or the House amendment
ever can, under the present state of the question,
come before either House for subsequent action.
When a bill has passed the Senate by three sep-
arate readings, it is cariied to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and it must be passed in that House
by three separate readings, either with or without
amendment. When there is a disagreeing vote
between the two Houses, the two blouses meet
together; they are then, in contemplation of law,
one body, conferring together as equals, and as
such equals they agree upon some mode of amend-
ment that harmonizes their opinions on the dis-
agreeing vote. For convenience sake, parliament-
ary law has said they shall select committees to
to do the work, and report it back to each House,
and these reports are to be made at the same in-
stant of time; and when the report comes into
either House, the vote is simply upon concurring
in the repoit, oi disagreeing to it. We do not
read it three separate times. That is not the par-
liamentary law. It does not assimilate in char-
acter to a bill. It is simply an amendment, the
bill having already passed both Houses; but aa
it passed in a different shape in one House from
what it did in the other, they are to harmonize
upon an agreement, arranged by a joint commit-
tee of conference; but that amendment is read only
one single time, and the question then is upon
agreeing to the leportof the committee. It, there-
fore, cannot be assimilated to a bill. Itisnobili;
it is a mode of adjusting a difference that exists
in the opinion of the two branches of Congress.
Instead of meeting in one body and there voting
and conferring together, interchanging opinions,
they meet by committee, conferring together, in-
terchanging opinions. The result of that inter-
change comes back as a report, and the only ques-
tion th.u can be put to the House on the report
is, "Will the House agice and concur, or will
they disagree and non-concur?"
So far as a paper in the possession of either
House is concerned, it is important to keep this
distinction in view: that a paper upon which the
Senate or the House of Representatives must act,
must be read upon the demand of any one mem-
ber for information to know what the subject-
matter proposed to be acted upon is; but any col-
lateral paper, however impoitant to shed light
upon it, can only be read, if objected to, by a vote
of the Senate or House. Now, the only thing to
be acted upon in the Senate, is the leport of the
committee; and the Senator from Michigan sees
the difficulty of his objection here, and the im-
possibility of sustaining it, except by making this
far-fetched and illogical argument. He says this
report necessarily includes the House amendment
and the original Senate bill. It is no such thing.
That was the subject-matter referred to them, and
the report is the result of.the conference. The
Senate bill and the House amendment cannot be
said to be the rer-ult of a conference and the opin-
ion of a committee. On the contrary, the com-
mittee repudiated them both. The report of the
committee upon which the Senate votes, is the
opinion of the committee or the agreement of the
committee. The other two bills are repudiated
and rejected. This, therefore, comes in as the
result of the deliberations of the joint committee
of conference, and the report is nothing more than
a statement to the two Houses of what the result
of that conference was. What is that result? Why?
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, we
propose this to the Senate. And in practice, is
there any difficulty on the subject/ I am satis-
fied, from nil the experience I have had in both
branches of Congress, that the uniform, invam-
