THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 45.
to inquire whether there is not some way by which
this fraud can be defeated—for it is nothing but
naked fraud; whether they will allowa portion of
a legislative body, by mob violence, to induct men
into that bodyjCallitaScnate,makefalserecords,
and send them here for us to be bound by them.
I will not be bound by them. It is due to the
country, it is due to the State of Indiana, it is due
to the great question, it is due to those eighty-
three men who were constitutional electors of In-
diana for the election of United States Senators and
who voted for these gentlemen, that the Senate of
the United States should obtain all these facts,
and, if it be possible, lay their hands on the fraud,
crush it, and vindicate the Constitution and laws
and the right of Indiana to have two Senators on
this floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, when I ad-
dressed the Senate briefly this morning, I pur-
posely abstained from expressing any opinion
whatever on the merits of this case; I purposely
abstained from any attempt to discuss—I did not
allude to—the merits of the case. All I asked was
that the Senate should settle the question. My
point was that it was right, that it was appropriate,
that it was just; and that the State of Indiana, the
sitting Senatois, and the Senate had a light to de-
mand that the question should be settled. To that
point, and only to that, did I speak. I traveled over
the record of the course which has been pursued
in this case for the purpose of showmga dilatori-
ness which was unjustifiable; and I have heard no
man contradict me.
The Senator from Louisiana corroborates the
record which lgave to the Senate. 11 is true that
the Senator from Louisiana tells us that the reason
why, upon one occasion, the Senate would not
proceed to its consideration was that there was a
special order pending. Grant it; but this was a
special order which had a claim to the consider-
ation of the body, higher and above that then
pending before the Senate. It was special; it was
privileged by common parliamentary law; the
other was only so by the vote of the Senate. That
Senator and every Senator knows that it is the
daily practice to override special bills or special
questions before the Senate, and give the consid-
eration of the body to other questions. We had
the same special ordei to which the Senator alludes
before us for our consideration when the Presi-
dent's Kansas message came in; and the ruling of
the Chair was that that overrode it. There was a
subject which overrode all special assignments.
Every session, and almost every day, we post-
pone the consideration of subjects specially as-
signed, for the purpose of deciding otherquestions
that may be, in our judgment, more important.
It is an insufficient answer, therefore; no good an-
swer that the Senator from Louisiana has given
us, when he says we did not proceed to its con-
sideration earlier because we had other special
assignments. I repeat again, this subject was a
special assignment above those.
Again, sir, he states, what the Senator from
Georgia repeats, that this resolution could not
come up without a minority on this floor meeting
it with their opposition. True; but how meet it?
Was there ever a word uttered by any man in the
minority on this floor, in opposition to the con-
sideration of this question, and the settlement of
it, other than when it was first reported this year,
when the Senator from Vermont was absent, not
being able to be in his seat for a few days? No
Senator, belonging to the minority on this floor,
whom I have heard, has objected to the con-
sideration of the question. 1 was not present,
and I did not hear the discussions which took
place at the last session of the last Congress; but
I have looked at the records, and 1 find that the
only objection which the Senator from Illinois
made was simply that, according to the facts of
the case,as presented on the record, the evidence
proposed to be taken could not be used, and that
there was, therefore, no need for taking it. He
certainly did not, as I understood the Senator
from Georgia by implication to intimate, oppose
the resolution for the purpose of not settling the
45
question. We know, sir, he was in favor of set-
tling the question, and so stated ; and if I am
wrong, the Senator will correct me. He asked
that the Senate should settle it then, because the
Legislature of that State were in session, and they
could act legitimately and according to the con-
stitution, if in the opinion of the Senate they had
not before done so.
But the Senator from Louisiana and the Sena-
tor from Georgia ask what harm could be done by
postponing the question, and taking evidence? I
answer, if the evidence had no bearing on the
point in issue; if it was irrelevant; if it was evi-
dence that could not properly be taken, then there
was harm done, because you deprived the Legis-
lature of that State of the power of acting when
they were together, and they could not act again
for two years. There was the harm done—a harm
done to the State; a harm done to the parties in-
terested; a harm done to the Senate.
Again, sir, the Senator from Georgia says I
have thrown out certain intimations. I have in-
timated nothing but what I have stated plainly and
distinctly, that there has been delay in this mat-
ter. There may have been delay in other ques-
tions of election; but I have never known the Sen-
ate to refuse to proceed to the consideration of
such a question, when a large minoiity were in
favor of so doing, and the parties themselves were
stating that they asked it; and I believe both the
Senators from Indiana have stated that they de-
sired to have the question settled.
Up to this point I have notexpressed an opinion
on the merits of this case. I want to act fairly.
I want to act as my judgment shall tell me is right,
and I mean so to act. I stated, indeed, in the
morning, that if there were legitimate facts to be
proved, I would not vote against the investigation
or against a resolution which should draw out
those facts. I asked what were the facts on which
the evidence was to be adduced ? And now what is
the evidence ? I do not want any long resolutions,
with numerous whereases, written and designed
to cover up the point. What do gentlemen mean
by inducting Senators in? State to me fairly and
distinctly what you mean to prove, and, I repeat
again, my vote shall be given for the resolution
if you propose to prove legitimate facts which do
not contradict a record, if you propose to con-
tradict a rccord, I will not give a vote to obtain
such evidence, because I do not believe we have
by law, by equity, or by any rule, a right to in-
troduce and use such evidence.
The Senator from Ohio says that there were
three Senators of Indiana, or three persons, who
were sworn m, inducted—that is the term—in an
illegal manner into office on the day of the organ-
ization of the Legislature.
Mr. PUGH. I say that is what the sifting
Senators claim.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, docs not the rccord
show that all the Senators were duly sworn ? I
so understand it. If I am wrong, 1 beg to be cor-
rected .
Mr.*TRUMBULL. That is the Journal.
Mr. HAMLIN. Am I light?
i Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
i Mr. HAMLIN. Then, I ask, for I want to
j know, if you can introduce parol evidence to con-
| tradict a record in that way, why may you not,
j on precisely the same reasoning, investigate the
elections of those men as well as their quahfica-
j tions? u Inducted into office" covers the wholp.
■ It no more cavers the oath to be administered,
1 than the manner in which they are elected at the
j polls, m my judgment. " Inducted into office"
1 applies to every prerequisite known in their con-
. stitution; and you may, with just as much pro-
| priety, contradict the record in the one case as in
1 the other.
But, sir, I want to know what the facts are.
■ Outside of that, I am told—and now I appeal to
, the Senator from Indiana to tell me if I have the
i right information—that these are the facts: there
were three persons claiming to be Senators; the
I Lieutenant Governor presided; another person
' alongside of him presided, who was elected by a
majority of those who claimed to be Senators,
and the oath of office to some portion of the Sen-
ate was administered by one of the justices of
your supreme court, including these three per-
sons. I hear that such is the fact. Now, then,
is it not equally true—and I put the question to
the Senator—that on the same day these identical
three persons were sworn in by the Lieutenant
Governor?
Mr. WILSON. By his direction.
Mr. HAMLIN. By his direction, as all the
others were sworn. I ask if that be not so ?
Mr. PUGH. That does not appear by the
record.
Mr. HAMLIN. It does appear by the record.
The record shows that they were auly sworn;
there it is, " duly sworn." If it were nccessary
that they should be sworn by the direction of the
Lieutenant Governor, your record corresponds
with the fact. It does not state the detail, but it
states the truth. Now, the point I make is this:
that the sitting Senators, in their specifications,
set forth a part of what took place on that day,
but only a part. They affirm, what I believe to be
true, that those three persons were there, whose
title to seats was confirmed by the Senate after-
wards. They were sworn in first by a justice of
the supreme couit of Indiana, and subsequently
by the direction of the presiding officer. I ask
the Senator from Indiana if that is so?
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no knowledge of any
such fact.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that such is the
fact; but still it is not material, in my judgment,
whether such be the fact or not. If it be so, I
take it that the Senator from Ohio would admit
that the record then would be correct, and that he
would not introduce parol evidence to contradict it.
Mr. PUGH. But you want parol evidence to
prove the fact-
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not want any such thing.
Mr. PUGH. That is your statement.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir, I am only making
this statement for the purpose of showing, so far
as I can understand, the inutility, and the entire
want of necessityfor taking any evidence on that
matter. I say it is just precisely as much within
the power of this body to go into the election of
those Senators as it is to go into the manner in
which they were sworn into office. The induc-
tion appears to every prerequisite to make them
Senators; and you might, with just as much pro-
priety, go into the election as go into the manner
in which they were sworn. Still, if there are facts
in the case outside of the records, and Senators
will so state them to me, which can be proved to
have a material bearing on this issue, I am per-
fectly willing to vote to have that evidence here,
and I am willing to vote for aresolution that shall
bring it here with a proper limitation of time; but
I have heard nothing except on the point which
I have stated.
The Senntor from Louisiana was not as clear as
he usually is, when he addressed the Senate this
morning. He usually states his points with very
great clearness and precision. He did not tell us
on what point he wanted evidence, but he had
a great deal to say about fraud and usurpation.
Where does it all come from? Where is the evi-
dence of al! this? The Senator from Georgia cen-
sutes the majority of the Senate, and the minority
of the House of Representatives of Indiana, who
refused to go into a joint convention on that day.
I have no justification of them, but it is an old
trick that is played m Indiana; and I believe the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] held his pre-
vious seat by precisely such a coup d'etat. [Mr.
Bright dissented.] If he did mot, others did, and
my recollection is very clear, that on a previous
occasion the Democrats ran away, and the Repub*
licuns were not quite so slow that they could not
learn to travel the road their illustrious predeces-
sors had traveled.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am against it,
Mr. HAMLIN. So am I. I agr-ee with the
Senator from Georgia there. I hoM to no such
acts of resolution. I justify them no more in
