1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2815
to perform their own duties and the duties of
collector beside, and then refuse to compensate
tli< m upon the same basis upon which you com-
pei.snir collectors on (he sea-board. What is fair
upon the sen-hoard is fair in the interior. God
knows we have not got anything for the interior,
and that great interior ought to mark, and I hope
it will mark, that in this amendment, although
you have bills for custom-houses, hills for forti-
fications, bills for almost every conceivable prajcl
of expenditure upon the sea-hoard, yet we aie to
go home at the close of this session of Congress
without a dollar for our rivers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr QUITMAN. I move the followingamend-
ment:
Provided, That nothing liorcm contained m this section
shall have a i proactive effect.
1 propose, Mr. Chairman, this amendment to
enable me to express my hearty concurrence with
the position taken by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] and other gentlemen against the intro-
duction of new and separate legislation into appro-
priation bills. 1 will vote against every propo-
sition that may hereafter be interpolated by the
Senate as a distinct feature, and which ought to
be a separate bill of itself. There are two sen-
oua objections to the course which has been pur-
sued. Both are founded upon the demoralizing
effects which such legislation must have upon
Congress and the country. Persons interested in
bills, public or private, which cannot be inached
on the Calendar, are induced to go to the Senate
and have them tacked as amendments to an appro-
priation bill, which they know must pass in some
form before the end of the session.
it is thus that a sort of force is employed upon
the House of Representatives. Rut the most de-
mot nhzmg t ffect of this descrintion of legislation
is, that the appropriation bills tor the ordinary and
necessary expenditures of the country, which,
unincumbered with general legislation, would pass
Congress notwithstanding the difference and the
opposite views of parties, become, by loading
such necessary bills with propositions involving
political questions, the occasion of creating oppo-
sition and difference of opinion between the two
Houses of Congress, and thus endanger if not
defeat the bill.
Agnin, by the introduction of this general legis-
lation upon appropriation bills, we are forced to
decide between stopping the wheels of the Gov-
ernment by refusing proper legislation, or keep-
ing the wheels in motion by voting for measures
which are objectionable and improper. We have
a rule for ourselves, a wise rule, tluU nothing but
what is germane to the subject shall be. admitted
as an amendment to an appropriation bill, and that
independent legislation shall not be admitted. We
have no control over the action of the Senate. Rut
we have thus control: we can reject everything
which is not appropriate to the expenditures of the
Government m some shape; and tins House ought
to take some means to stop this legislation in ap-
propriation bills which does look to the expend-
itures of the Government, and which is altogether
foreign to the subject. 1 hope the House will heie-
after set its face against every amendment not per-
tinent to the bill, however good in the abstract it
may be.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is mistaken
m ins observation that tins amendment is retro-
active, and goes back to March, 1841. I think
that the punted copy from which the gentleman
reads is not a correct copy of the amendment as
it is sent to us from the Senate. A reference to
the engrossed bill on the Clerk's desk will sustain
my assertion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I find upon com-
parison of the copy I had wiili the engrossed bill,
that the word "first," which appeared in the
amendment when it was first offered in the Sen-
ate, was striken out, and the word "last," sub-
stituted.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then the whole objec-
tion to this amendment turns out to be unfounded.
The operation of the amendment only goes back
a single year, instead of seventeen years, as
claimcd by the oopouents of this measuie, and I
can not understand the difference between allowing
additional pay to surveyors who perform double
duties, and that species of legislation which has
marked the action of this House from the moment;
we assembled here to the present time, as evi-
denced in allowing foreign ministers, and evcry-
bod v else, double pay whete they have performed
the duties of two offices. Why should surveyors
be exempted, and made exceptions to this rule?
This amendment contemplates no new construc-
tion of the act, and asks no appropriation. The
courts of the United States have aiven the same
construction to this act which is proposed by this
amendment. The surveyor of Mobile performed
the duties of collector, and claimed increased com-
pensation, under an amendment similar to the
prfsent, and which was attached to the civil ap-
propriation lull approved the £d of March, 1857.
The Secretary of the Treasuiy refused toaliow
it, and directed suit to be brought. He pleaded
this law, claiming compensation as collector, and
the courts sustained him, defeating the Govern-
ment of the United States. The Secretary of the
Treasury should be hound by this decision. He
refuses, however, to do so; and alleges as an ex-
cuse for refusing to give a just and legitimate con-
struction to tins statute, tht: present exhausted
condition of the Ticasury.
Mr. STANTON. Let me inquire of the gen-
tleman what necessity tbeie is for legislation if
the courts of the United States have recognized
that construction ?
Mr STEVENSON. Just for the simple reason
that neither the gentleman nor myself, nor any
one of a high sense of honor, would desne to have
a suit instituted against then) for an alleged bal-
ance of public money, and ih us be deci ted as pub-
lic defaulteis by the public pi ess, e\en though it
might be decided that the amount retained was j
properly withheld as due for official compensa-
tion. Let the gentleman from Ohio look a1 a cit-
izen of his own Stjte, formet ly a collector at San
Francisco, (Mr. Collier.) who, in the adjustment
of his accounts, churned ceitam credits from the
Government. How was he treated ? He was de-
nounced as a defaulter from one end of the Union
to the other; and his character attempted to be
blackened because he simply dared to claim what
was afterwaids judicially decided was justly due
hun. I would pass this amendment, because the
Sectetary of the Tieasury chooses to put an un-
authorized arbitrary construction upon this law;
and, instead of effectuating its purpose, says to
the surveyoi s: " Although I know you could re-
cover your claim in acouit of justice, yrt 1 will
not,allow it;" and thus, by a threatened suit, t'oice
a public officer to submit to a n improper construc-
tion of this act rutin r than to permit the newspa-
. pers to proclaim him a defaulter. That was the
case in reference to the collector at Mobile, who
was sued. It in to avoid this course of proceed-
ing that we desire to place this consmu'tion upon
the act, legislatively, ni order that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall acquiesce. As for the state
of the finances, if the Government is m debt, let
her repudiate if she chooses to do so, or borrow
the money to pay what is justly due her public
officers.
1 may say here that there are but four or five
surveyors who would be benefited by this amend-
ment—one at Mobile, one at Cincinnati, one at
Louisville, and one at St. Louis, are all who
could claim the benefit of the amendment. This
aft is so worded as not to extend beyond March,
1857.
Mr. QAJITM YN. When a law is passed con-
st! uing a prior law, as this does the act of 18 11,
does not the construction placed by Congress
upon the prior law refer hack to the date of its
passage, and would not this apply to the act of
1341, as from the date of its passage?
Mr STEVENSON. I think a uniform con-
struction ought to be placcd upon all laws, and
our only safety against oppression is, in a uni-
form, as well as a correct construction of statutes.
But if the Secretary chooses to disregard thatum-
foim construction upon the pl^a that the Treasury ,
is embarrassed, he brings injustice, as well as ,
inequality of construction to bear against all for
for whose benefit the statutes were passed. The
objection of the gentleman frcm Mississippi is
obvidtcd by tiv expiess limitation ofths amend- :
ment to 3d of Match, 1S57, and it could not have ;
a. more enlarged operation.
[Here the hammer felL] !
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, with- I
drew his amendment |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike 1
out the words "An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of thf Govern-
ment," &c. It appears to me, to use an old
simile, that there is acatundei this meal There
are a good many ports throughout the country
which are portsofdelivery. 1 amcertani that there
is but one port and one collect-u % diso-icnn all i he
Mississippi valley; two, at the utmost: one at New
Orleans and one at St. Louis. The oihei pons
of delivery, Natchez, Vicksburg, Memphis, Pa-
duca, Nashville, Louisville, Cincinnati, ami o« her
places, have surveyors This provision is intend-
ed, it seems to me, without prov iding expressly for
it, to make collectors at every one of these [daces.
If that is the intention, why is it not made plain
and intelligible, instead of saying that where the
surveyor performs the dut y of a collector he shall
have the salary of a collector* I suppose, sir, that
that clause, making these officers surveyors at
those ports of delivery, was made on deliberation;
that it was done undei standingly; and if it is found
that they do not answer the purpose, and that
there must be a higher grade of officers there, let
us say so, in so many words, in the law. Take
the surveyor at any one of these ports; whenever
duties are paid there, they are, of course, paid to
him, and tlum he is performing the duties of a
collector, and , consequently, would be put by this
amendment under the eff ct of the law regulating
the compensation of collectors, feir, if that be
the correct r< ading of this Senate propositi tin, and
I doubt not it is, it should be repudiated by this
House.
Mr. MASON. I did not understand my col-
league exactly as to the necessity of increasing
the compensation of the surveyor of the port of
Louisville; and I suppose all otln rs are on about
the same principle. One thing 1 do know: that,
at the present compensation, that office has made
a terrible commotion m the Democratic family;
and if you double it, 1 hardly know what will be-
come of my friends in that region of country. I
had a gteat deed of trouble in reconciling them for
one incumbent of that office being lemovcd; but
if you double the compensation, and remove tin*
person now holding the office, I nm afiaid you will
break up the party. I hope, for the benefit of the
social intercourse of friends in that quartet, the
Senate amendment will not be concuired in.
The question was taken on Mr Jones's amend-
i ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
the amendment by strtkmgotu the words " samo
compensation and no other."
Mr. Chairman. I desire to submit a few words
in respect to the Senate amendment, which I deem
to be disadvantageous to the interests of the coun-
try, and the administration of its revenues. There
are ports of entry and ports of deliveiy. To the
ports of entiy are attached collectors, suiveyots,
and naval officers. In the ports of delivery there
are surveyors. The distmciion between these
ports is, that in the one set, the ports of entry,
revenue is collected; in the oilmr, theie is none
collected. The-distinction prevailed till the ware-
house system was adopted. After its adoption
goods were brought fiom ports of entiy in bond
to ports of delivery. All assignments were made,
however, at the ports of entry. All duties weie
assessed at these ports; and all the labor of as-
sessing them performed there by the collectors
and officers under them. And now, at this time,
unu "T the same system, the duties are assessed at
ports of entry, the g-todsbem.; carried forwaid m
bond l<i the ports of delivei y. The surveyor thera
collects the duties that have been assessed at the
port of entry. That is the sum mid substance of
the labor tequired from him under the present
Liw. This Senate amendment gives to the sur-
veyor the compensation of a collector, because of
the duties collected by him at the port of delivery
by virtue of the labor pei formed m assessment by
tfie collector at the port of entry.
If that explanation be clear, then, according to
tins amendment, the surveyor at the port <>f de-
Ir.eiy is to tvceivo compensation for performing
nominally the services of collectoi at the poit of
delivery, watch the collector at the port of entiy
had already performed. 1 deem, therefore, that
my amendment is a just one.
Mr. LETCHER, i want to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, who seems to be pretty
well posted on this subject, how many ports of
