THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED' BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 10, 1858.
New Series. . ..No. 177.
places, namely: at Ellsworth, Maine, $2,000; at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, $50,000; at Biistol, Rhode Island,
including fencing and grading, $5,000; at New Haven, Con-
necticut, $60,000 ; at Oswego, New Yor$, $10,000 ; at
Platt^bnrg, New York, $10,000 ; at Newark, New Jersey,
$10,000; at Norfolk, Virginia, $20,000 ; at Pensacola, Flor-
ida. $5,0d0 ; at St. Louis, Missouri, $20.000: at Mobile, Al-
abama, including fencing and paving, $30,000 ; at Galena,
Illinois, $10,000; at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, §10,000; and
for annual repairs at custom-houses, $15,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend that the
amendment be concurred in.
Mr. GILMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am as much
interested in this amendment as others, and I
hope that the yeas and nays will not be called,
but that it will be allowed to take its chance with
the others.
Mr. GILMAN withdrew the demand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON renewed the demand.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bilhnghurst,
Bishop, Clair, Bowie, Brajton, Buffinton, Burlmgame,
Chaffee, John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Cockenll, Comma,
Covode, Cox, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts, Dean, Dodd,
Florence, Foster, Oilman, Goodwin, Groesbcck, Morton,
Howard. Huyler, Kent, Landy, Humphrey Mai>hall, May-
nard, Miles, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman H. Morse, Pendle-
ton, Poitoi, Robbms, Royce, Judt on W. Sherman, J^tall-
woith, Miles Taylor, Wmd, Ellilm B. W'ashbuine, Israel
Washburn, Wood, and Woitendyke—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkm«, Batl^dale, Bocoek, Bonham,
Boyce, Ihanch. Bums, Case. Ca^kie, Cobb, Clark B Coch-
rane, Cockenh, Coining. Jame« Ciaig, Burton Ciaige,
Crawfoui, Cuny, Davis of Mainland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis ot Mississippi, Dewart, Kdmumlson, Elliott, EngJi-h,
Faulkner, Folev. Garnett, CaiUeSl,GHKhngs,Goode, Gregg,
Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan,Thomas L. Hanis, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kel-
logg, Kel&ev, Leiter, Letcher, Loveioy, McQueen, Mason,
Matteson,Mott, Minrav, Nibiaek, Nichols, Peyton, Powell,
Quitman, Reagan, Rufiin, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw,
John Sherman. Sickles, Singleton, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
venson, Talbot', Tompkins, Undeiwood, Walbudge, Wal-
dron, John V. Wnght, and Zolhcotlei—73.
So the amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Pending the call,
Mr. JEWETT stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called, and that if he
had been lie would have voted in the negative.
On motion of Mr. COX, the reading ot the list
was dispensed with!
Thc^ote was then announced as above reported.
Twentieth amendment:
For the completion of marine hospitals at the following
places, namelv: At Portland, Maine, $.1.00J ; at St. Maik's,
Fionda, $2,500 ; at New Orleans, Louisiana, including fill-
ing up <me,'gilding, introducing gas, and water pipes, and
fi\tuios. and fencing, £tfo,0U0; ai Cincinnati, Ohm, $50,000 ;
at Galena, llhnois.'^o,000; and lor annual ropans at ma-
rine hospitals, $15,00J.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of tho Whole
on the statu of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. GROESBECK demanded the yeas and
nays, but subsequently withdrew the demand.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
For fencing, grading, paving, and furnishing the custom-
houses at the following places, namely: At EUswoith,
Maine, §3,0o ; at Bath, Maine, (for furnitme alone,)
£1,100; at Buihngton, Vermont, $4,600: at New Haven,
Connecticut, $8,500; at Oswego, New Yoik, $7,300; at
Flau>burg, New York, $9,900; at Newark, New Jersey,
$5.^00; at Alexandria, Virginia, $3,700: at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia. $12,000; at Mobile, Alabama, (for furnituie alone,)
$2,600; at Pensacola, Florida, $2,100; at St. Louis, Mis-
souri. $14,000; at Lom&ville, Kentucky, $3,900; at Cleve-
land, Ohio, $7,100; at Galena, Illinois, $3,700; at Mil-
waukee, Wi>eonsui, $7,700.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in tho amendment.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Foi fencing, giadmg, pavmg, and furnishing the marine
hospitals at the following places, namely: at Burlmgtuu,
Vermont, $3,400; at Chelsea, Massachusetts, (out-build-
in<Ys grading, and fencing,) $19,700; at St. Mark's*, Florida,
177
$1,200 ; at Detroit, Michigan, $7,500; at Galena, Illinois,
$3,800 ; at Burlington, town, $-3,100.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
To enable the Libraiy Committee to complete the pay-
ment for a series of pouraits of the Presidents of the United
State, contacted lor under authority ol Congress, and for
fianung the same, §3,ij00.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
For satisfying the claim" of the States of Maine and
Massachusetts, under the stipulations of the tieaty between
the United States and Gieat Bittain, concluded on the Uth
day of August, in the >ear 1842, a sum not exceeding
$11,49681, m satisfaction of such claims of tho State of
Maine, and $°,215 13, in satisfaction of like claims of the
State of Massachusetts to be audited by the proper ac-
counting officei of the Treasury.
TheSPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee demanded the yeas
and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 22,
noes 95: not a sufficient number.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaunett
and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes thirty-four—asuiiicient number; so the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. Can the amendment be di-
vided ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot; it must be voted
on as a whole.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to vote for the por-
tion for Massachusetts, but against the puruon
for Maine.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 92, nnys 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrewi, Bennett, Bishop, Blair,
Biavton, Cuffinton, Builingame,Case, Cavanaugh,ChatIeQ,
dawson, Clav, Clemens, John Cochrane, CockeriH, Col-
fax, Comms. Coining, Covode, Cragm, JamesCiaig,Curtis,
Davis ol Marvland, Davi< ol Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dimniick, Dodd, Edie,
Fenton, Foster, Giddmgs, Gihnun. Gilmer, Gooeh, Good-
win, Giangcr. Gioesbeck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Ilar-
lan, Thomas'L. Hams, Haskm, Hoard, Ilorton, Howard,
lluvler, Kellogg, Kel.^y. Knapp. Landy, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Matteson, Ma}na/d, Moigan, Moiriii, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A Mor e Mmrm\ Paiker, Pettit,
William W. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Ritchie, Robbins,
Iiobeits, Royce, Sealing. John Shciman, Jud-on W. Sher-
man, Sickle's, Spinner. Stanton, Wiilmni Stewait, Tappan,
Thajet, Tompkins, Undeiwood, Wade, Walbtidgo, Wal-
(iion. Waid. Ellihu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn,
Wood. Wood-on, and Wortcnd\ke—92. .
NAYS—Mc--is. Atkiti-,Branch. Bivan, Burnett, Bums,
Colli), Davis of Mississippi, Dewait, Cdmund-on, Elliott,
English, F.uilknei, Folej, Gaim-tt, GaitreU, Goode, Gieirg,
Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, KtiHv, Letcher, Maclay, Mc-
Queen, MilNon. Nibiaek, Pmton, Pmllips, Powell,.Quit-
inan, Reagan, ltulhn. Sandidgj, Savage, Scales, Henrv M.
Shaw, Stailwoith, Stevenson, Talbot, Wntslow. and John
V. Wnght—41.
So the amendment was concurred in.
After the announcement of the above vote, Mr.
Florence asked leave to vote. He was in the
Hall, but his name inadvertently was not recorded.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. Stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 9. */2nd be it further enacted* That the proper ac-
counting olhcei^ of the Trea iuy be authonzed and directed
to examine the accounts between the United States and the
seveial States, winch have been oi ma> be allowediuterest
upon claim3 against the United State*, which have accrued
dming or since the wai ot 1^12 with Great Britain, and ap-
ply, in such examination, the provisions and principles of
the 12th section of the act of Maieh 3d, 1857, entitled an
act making appiopnations for eeitain civil expenses of the
Government, lor the year ending the 30th of June, 1858 ;
and that any money found, upon such examination, to be
due any State, shall be paid to such State out of any money
in the Treasuiv not otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in that amendment,- with the following
amendment in the nature of a substitute:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed to report
to Congress at itenext regular session the applieatiODS'made
by the constituted authorities of the States and cities for the
reopening and reexamination of the settlements heretofore
made with such States and cities, and report the principle
of readjustment upon which such claim is based, arid the
amount theieof; and the Secretary of the Treasury is fur-
ther instructed to report to Congress at its next session the
gro^s amount which will bo leqiured to pay such claims to
the States and cities of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adrain, Atkins, Avery, Baik<?dale,
Bishop, Bowie, Bianch, Biyan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie,
John B. Clark, Clay. Clemens, Cobb. John Cochrane. Cock-
enll, Corning, James Ciaig, Ciawford, Curry, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dewait, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gil-
lis, Gilmer, Good, Goodwin, Gregg, Gioesbeck, Grow, Har-
lan, Thomas L. Harris, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, Hum-
phtey Marshall, Mason, Million, Moiriii, Isaac N. Morris,
Mott, Mmray, Niblack, Nichols, Peyton, William W.
Phelps. Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie,
Royce, Rutfin, Rn«sell, Savage, Scales, Searing, Aaron
Shaw, IJcnry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Sickles, Spinner,
Stallworti). Stanton, Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Taylor,
Undeiwood, Wade, Waldion, Ward, Whiteley, Wmsiow,
Wood-on, .John V. Wright, and Zolhcoff'er—97.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Andiews, Bennett, BiHingTiurst,
Bingham. Bl.ur. Bravton, Buffinton, Bmhngame, Case,
Cavanau'di, Chaffee. 12/ra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Com-
ms, Covode, Ciagini Curtis, Davis of M<ujland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd,Fen-
fon, Fo.-tfr, Oilman, Goooh, Granger, J. Morrison Hams,
Hoard, Ilorton, Howard. Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lovejoy,
McQueen, Maueson, Maynard*, Morgan, Edwaid Joy Mor-
ns, Freeman H. Mo^e, Oliver A. Morse, Poiker, Pcttit,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Fuivianee, Robbins, Roberts, San-
dui,fe, Judson W. Sherman, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkms, Walton, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, and Wood—63.
So the amendment was adopted.
Ponding the call of the roll,
Mr. BOCOCK stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Boyce, and that the latter would have voted
for this amendment, and against the other, while
he was of a contrary opinion.
Mr. WILSON stated that he had paired oft
with Mr. Anderson.
Mr. WORTENDYKE stated that he was not
within the bar when his name was called, and
that if he had been, he would have voted in the
negative.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
ported.
Fiftieth amendment:
Sec.. 11. Jitul be it farther enacted, That the proper ac-
counting otheeis of the Treasury He directed to ascertain
as among the expendnuies of the State of Maine in defend-
ing the terutory heretofoie in dispute with Gieat Britain,
the amounts paid in boirowing money for these expenditures
beyond the rate oi sit per centum per annum, whether in
the form of discounts or otherwise, in all cases m which the
principal of such expenditures and intei est upon than, at
the rate of six per centum, have heietotore been refunded^
to said State bv the United States, and that the Secietaryof
the Tioasur} be dnected to pay the amounts so a«cci tamed
out of any moneys in tbe Treasury not otherwi p appropri-
ated, to anypropeil> authorized officer of said State. In
making the ascertainments heiem directed, the accounting
officers shall compute the puneipal and interest of the dit-
feience betweeu the cash received by Maine io negotiating
stocks and notes, and the nominal amount of such stocks
and notes, and the interest acciued thereon ; and m ca>o«
wheiu Maine was obliged upon negotiating for money to m~
ciea-e the rate of interest on previous loans, the amount Ot
such increase shall be paid and allowed, but not s>o ad to
reckon interest upon interest.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in that amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes Jl,
noes 32.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARNETT demanded tellers on the ye&i
and nays. "
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaunett
and Dean were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayea thirty-four; more than one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
