1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there has been nei-
ther law nor usage under die new constitution.
Mr. FITCH. No.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to coll the at-
tention of the Senators from Georgia and Ohio,
who are members of the Judiciary Committee, to
one fact. They say that where there is no law,
the usage should govern. Now, do not both the
Senators from Indiana say that before their new
constitution was adopted, and in every election of
Senators under that constitution smcc it was a
State, the usage was to call this convention by a
joint resolution of the two Rouses?
Mr. FES3ENDEN. A law requiring it.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS, fs not that a usage? And
when they wet e so culled together, they adjourned
from day to day by order of the chairman or pro-
viding officer, and now they come together with-
out any law.
Mr. PUGH. That is the mistake the Senator
makes. There wan a joint convention, and the
question we shall have ultimately to decide is,
whether the joint convention was lawfully con-
stituted for this purpose. It was undoubtedly a
joint convention to count the vote for Governor.
Mr. SIM? 10NS. The Senator might have
waited till I got to that point. What I say is tins,
that, according to the usage of the State of Indi-
ana, as I learn it now from both her Senators,
prior to the adoption of the new constitution,
when the convention met, called together by a.
joint resolution in pursuance of law, it was then
competent, it was usual, for the presiding officer to
adjourn the convention so called together, from
day to day. You claim now the same authority
undei this usage toadjouin from day to day, that
you did when you had a law getting a convention
together. If you claim that, are you not bound
also to come to the other usage, and is not that as
binding, that your convention shall be called to-
gether by a joint resolution? You cannot escape
one horn of the dilemma without failing upon the
other. If you go by the usage, you must have o
lav/ or some provision by a joint resolution of
each House by a quorum of each House for a con-
vention, or else you must give up your plan of
adjournment fiom day to day under the old usage.
You must take both branches of the usage if you
take one.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me the Senator does
not understand the point, if he will paidon me for
saying so.
Mr.SIMMONS. Ieannotunderstand such dis-
tinctions; but I will hear the explanation, because
1 really want to understand what tic point is.
Mr. PUGH. The statement, as I understand
it, of the Senator fiom Indiana is, that the jo.nr
convention, befoie the present constitution of In-
diana, was to bo constituted by a joint resolution.
That is all the law requited. The law said noth-
ing about adjournments; but the usage was to ad-
journ them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that.
Mr. PUGH. That is all the force 1 give to the
usage, that in the absence of any declaration of
the law, one way or the other, there was a usage
by which the convention could adjourn by direc-
tion of the presiding officer. Now, the Senator
from Rhode Island asks me how I can make a
joint convention without a joint resolution? The
constitution of Indiana made it, and the consti-
tution was higher than a joint resolution It
bound both Houses. Thai; is the way I get a
joint convention.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator from Ohm
if the constitution of Indiana made this a joint
convention for the purpose of electing a Senator,
or of counting the vou s for Governor?
Mr. PUGH. That is a question to be an-
swered afterwards. I have not stated what my
opmion on that question is. I have endeavored to
state the question for the purpose of showing how
the evidence claimed by the sitting members tends
to elucidate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. IftheSenatorfrom Rhode
Island will allow me, I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana a question.
Mr. SIMMONS, i yield for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Indiana whether or not, in this so-called
convention, or in this process which was gone
through—I do not know that you can call it a
convention, for I understand the language of the ^
constitution of Indiana is somewhat the same as
the language of the Constitution of the United
States, that the votes for the Governor shall be
counted by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the presence of the two Houses-—it
was not the custom of the two Houses to meet
m the Representative Hall for the purpose of see-
ing the votes counted, by a concurrent resolution
passed for that purpose, or did thev go in just as
they pleased when the time came? What has
been the luibn?
Mr. BRIGHT. I will state what I understood
to have been the practice in both cases. Prior to
the adoption of the present constitution of In-
diana, as I stated when I was up before, we had
a law prosci ibmg the time, upu manner of electing
United States Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My present question has
no reference to electing Senators.
Mr. HEIGHT. I shall come to that in a mo-
ment. That law was repealed. I may say,
however, thet the practice under that law was to
bring the two Houses together by a concurrent
vote, and being together tiie presiding officer had
the control of the convention, and adjourned it
fiom day to day. On one occasion he adjourned
it, I thmk, as far distant as tne fourth day from
the day of its coining together. W hen the Legis-
lature met, winch it is claimed elected my col-
league and myself, there was no law on the sub-
ject; but the new constitution provided that the
Senate and House of Representatives should meet
on a day fixed, for the purpose of counting the
votes for Governor and Lieutenant Governor.
The convention met on that day. Th^ presiding
officer adjourned it to a future day; and in the
interval the question was submitted to the district
judge of the United States, and a majority of the
supieme judges of the State as to the right of the
Legislature, under that adjournment, to elect a
Senator. They gave it as their opinion in wilting
that it was not only their nght, but their duty, to
do so. When the day arrived, the election took
place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not answer
the question which I put to the Senator. The
question which I put was this: what has been the
practice with reference to meeting in oider to
count the votes for Governor? Has that been
done m pursuance of a concurrent vote of the two
branches ordinarily ?
Mr. BRIGHT. It has been done as was pro-
posed to be done in the case 1 have just mentioned,
by a notice on the pent of the House to the Sen-
ate that they would proceed at a certain hour to
count the votes for Governor.
Air. FESSENDEN. Did the Senate then vote
to proceed p
Mr. BRIGHT. No vote was taken; but there
was an invitation to the Senate to attend in the
Hah of the Hous^ of Representatives for the pur-
pose of performing that duty.
Mr. FLS3ENDEN. A specific pin nose ?
Mr. BRIGHT. You may call it a specific pur-
pose if you ph ase.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the practice to
be somewhat similar to the one we have had in
our State; and I do not believe there ever was a
time when a man there would hav • tiken an elec-
tion from a convention called to «%ount, as we call
them, the proxies for general offers. We never
behoved such a convention, such a £rand com-
mittee, a<< we call jf, had power to elect r> Senator
or any other officer. Even when there was a Sen-
ator to be chosen, and a grand committee was
convened to iruikc election of a State officer, if the
lesolution asking the Senate to join the House
did not specify taot a United States Senator was
to be elected, we always had to separate m order
to get a i\ solution to^of.uo the election of a Sen-
ator. I suppose fins is the invariable piactice
everywhere; J presume it must have been in In-
diana.
The Senator from Indiana has repeated that
the nsa^-i under the government of Indiana had
been to get a concurrent vote of the two Houses
to join in this convention, if that is what you call
it; and without such a concurrent vote, I tliink no
man will pretend that that was a legal convention
for electing a Senator under the usage of that
State. I do not dispute but that you might get
judges of the Supreme Couitindrvidually to give
an opinion, but I do not think that would be en-
titled to much weight with the Senator from Ohio.
if it happened to be against his individual opin-
ion.
I cannot see the least effect that the right of the
three State Senators spoken of to their seats can
have on the legality of this election. I have been
trying to see it from all that has been said by the
members of the Judiciary Committee who have
spoken, and I think they can see points as clearly
as any other men in this body. I do not hear
them present the point in so clear a manner as I
know they always do when they see it them-
! selves. Neither the Senator from Ohio nor the
1 Senator from Georgia ever sees a point clearly
| that he does not make me see it. I am not quite
| so thick-headed but that they can drive it into mo
I with their sharp sticks. [Laughter.] But they
| cannot make me see the point which they make in
I this ease.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. Having presented my
i views in regard to this question on a former occa-
sion, I should not say a word upon it now, but
for the very singular position assumed by the
Senators from Ohio, Louisiana, and Georgia.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Illinois
give way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, I shall occupy
ji but a few minutes. Tiie Senators from Ohio,
Louisiana, and Georgia, have assumed the posi-
j! tion that, because I was opposed to the adoption
of a particular resolution, I was therefore op-
! posed to settling this question. Why, sir, I have
! urged the settlement of it from the beginning. Do
i they mean that every person is to be charged with
; delaying the settlement of a question, or the pas-
' sage of a law unless he goes for it? That would
: be a very convenient mode of putting Senators m
; tiie wrong. A proposition is biought in which
; you believe to be wrong, which you think ought
1 not to pass, and because you object to its pas-
i sage, ycu are therefore opposed to its considera-
I tion. An extraordinary position, indeed 1
[ 1 have urged the passage of a resolution on this
subject. At the last session of Congress 1 moved,
as an amendment to the resolution of the com-
mittee, a proposition affirming it to be the duty
of the Senate to proceed immediately to the de-
termination of the case. With what face can these
Senators now get up and charge mc with delay-
ing a decision because I would not agree to their
proposition? Why did not they agree to mine?
I moved an amendment declaring that the Senate
ought to proceed at once to a decision of the ques-
tion. Who prevented its being proceeded with?
The majority of this body. That was the pending
motion at the last session, as it is now by the
amendment 1 have offered to the present resolu-
tion .
It is said, that if we had not made objection at
the last session, the testimony would have been
taken by this time. How do you know it would
have been taken > It is said that it might have
been taken in vacation. The resolution you of-
fered was illimitable then, as it is now. It pre-
set ibed no time when the testimony was to be
taken. You ask, if we wanted an early decision,
why did we not assent to the resolution reported
by the committee? Because the Senate of Indiana
sent their request here that the Senate of the Uni-
ted StaU s, at the last Congress, would settle the
question, so that the Legislature might proceed
to another election, if this should be declared in-
; vahd; and sending out this commission to take
; testimony would necessarily postpone the decis-
| ion beyond the then session of the Legislature.
I unreel tnat the matter should be disposed of at
| an early day; and I urged it simply because the
roemoeis 0f the Legislature of Indiana, and the
Senate of that State, as a body, thought proper
; to communicate their papers to me, and requested
me to lay them before the Senate, I felt called
; unon, therefore, to endeavor to carry out their
j views, and obtain an early decision of tiie ques-
1 tion, if I could.
j But it is intimated that perhaps we are afraid
! of the light. Such intimations and insinuations
i maybe thrown out in any and every case. It has
' been illustrated very happily by the Senator from
Vermont. A party in court who wants a contin-
uance, who has a'bad cause and wants time, al-
ways asks for a continuance; and ho is very ready
to throw out the insinuation that his adversary in
court is opposed to light. Sir, we are not opposed
to any light that can be shed on this case, and we
! ar-c not opposed to any testimony that can ha\e
