1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
ray reason; and there is nothing disrespectful to
any Senator in what 1 have said.
I say, then, the Senate insisted on its disagree-
ment, the effect of which was to send the bill to
the House of Representatives. If we had simply
asked for a conference, without insisting, the bill
would have remained here. I cited the parlia-
mentary law on that occasion to showthat. Now,
the committee of conference have made a report;
and where is the bill ? I am not so certain that it
ought to be in the other House; I am not certain
that, in point of law, it belongs to the House; but,
in point of fact, it is in the House, and we cannot
get it without sending for it. If we are entitled to
it by the law, which lam rather inclined to think,
under the circumstances, we ought to send a mes-
sage asking for the bill; but we must have the bill
before we can proceed another step. In my judg-
ment, we might as well offer a Senate resolution
to pass a bill that is now on the files of the House
of Representatives. We might just as well offer
a resolution in the Senate that such a bill, with
such a number, and such a tiile, now on the files
of the House of Representatives, shall become a
law. "Why, sir, we cannot even reconsider a bill
after it has gone out of our possession. We must
get it into our possession before a motion to re-
consider can be made.
It seems to me th .t this is a question of very
great importance. It is a question that concerns
the order of legislation. It is a question of our
duty as law-makers. How can we cxpect men
to obey our edicts as laws when we ourselves set
our feet on parliamentary law? We lose the con-
fidence and respect of our countrymen when, in
our anxiety to carry a given proposition, we
trample under foot what is settled parliamentary
law for more than two hundred years.
I implore the Senate to pause before it precip-
itates itself into action like this. We have not the
Kansas bill here. If we are entitled to it in point
of law—as I rather think we are—let us send a
message, and ask the House of Representatives
for it on the ground that they have it improperly,
and that we ought to have it, and let us proceed
in order. Why leave this question open ? It has
agitated the whole Republic; it has raised more
ill blood than any question, probably, since the
foundation of the Government. You propose a
great measure of peace and conciliation. 1 take
it as a measure of peace and conciliation, and I
am anxious for its passage. I will do everything
1 can for its passage; but I do not want that which
is offered as a measure of peace to become a new
apple of discord in the country, upon the allega-
tion that it never passed the two Houses of Con-
gress according to the forms of law. Let us be
careful, when we are making peace, or professing
to make peace, that we do not make war.
Now, I think we should be careful how we pro- ]
ceed on "a question involving so many mighty j
issues as this does. Why insist on passing the
bill in this shape, leaving ground for a contro- |
versy to arise hereafter whether the bill for the j
admission of Kansas was ever rightly passed; !
whether the Senators and Representatives elected
from Kansas would be entitled to take their seats
in Congress ? Why leave all these questions open?
What difference do five or six days make? Yea,
what difference do five or six months make ? But
I am satisfied it will all be settled in twenty days.
J believe this proposition can pass both Houses
of Congress—that is my judgment; I hope it will
pass; but I want it to pass in such a form that
when the President of the United States approves
it,there will be no question behind as to whether it
received the vote of the two Houses. Therefore,!
implore the friends of the proposition—and I am
one of them—to let this matter he over, as the Sen-
ator from Kentucky proposed, untii Wednesday
or Thursday. By that time it may be that we
shall hear from the other House, and have no
further controversy.
Mr. GREEN. 1 do not believe any disposition
has been manifested, on this side, to treat the op-
ponents of this report harshly; and I really think
a little hard of the Senator from Illinois, and the
Senator from Ohio, charging us 
Mr. PUGH. I made no such complaint. The
Senator misunderstood me.
Mr. GREEN. Charging us with trampling
under foot parliamentary law. We do not so un-
derstand it; and there is no judge here to pro-
nounce ex cathedra what the parliamentary law is.
Each member construes it for himself, responsible
to the country and responsible to his God. For one
Senator to charge others with trampling under foot
parliamentary law, when each Senator judges of
that law and its purport and meaning as a rule of
action for a deliberative body, does not seem to
sit very well on my stomach. My opinion about
this law is clear; 1 am liable to err; and I accord
to others the same right to construe the law that
I claim for myself. 1 will not say that they are
willfully violating'the law, parliamentary or other-
wise.- I have said before, and I repeat now, that
the bill has passed both Houses m all the forms
of parliamentary law; but as it passed there was
a disagreement between the two Houses, and to
settle that disagreement the two Houses met
together, and, in contemplation of law, they are
now in one body, in the rotunda if you please.
The conference committee represented them. Do
you agree that the act of the conference commit-
tee is the only question ? It is not the bill; it is
not the amendment; and the bill and the amend-
ment never can come before the Senate and House
of Representatives, until the House and Senate
pronounce judgment upon the act of the confer-
ence committee, for they are still legally in that
large conference consulting together whether they
can agree or not. It is still a matter of interchange
of opinion—do we agree upon this point or not?
If we agree, it requires no vote upon the bill; it
requires no vote upon the amendment.
This is my view of it. This is in accordance
with the uniform practice of Congress from time
immemorial. Why gentlemen should spring a
question now that we cannot act upon the report j
until a bill is brought before the Senate or House
of Representatives, is to me very strange. If we
had to act upon the bill, it would be true; if we
had to vote upon it, we should be required to have
it in our possession; and as we have to act upon
the report, we must have that repoit m our pos-
session. If it be necessary, to explain the report,
for wise legislation so as to come to a correct con-
clusion, to have the bill, that is a matter which
addresses itself to the judgment of the Senate,
whether they will send for the original bill, or
whether they will take printed copies known to
be correct; and as we know it can piejudice no-
body, as we know there are correct printed copies,
we know it is a pretext—not because the biil it-
self, in its original shape, is not lying on the Sec-
retary's desk 
Mr. FOSTER,. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOSTER, i would ask whether, in the
event of the Senate's agreeing to the report of the
conference committee, it would be requisite, after
a vote thus agreeing, that we should send the re-
port to the other House?
Mr, GREEN. I will answer. We simply in-
form the House of our action. We do not send
anything for them to act upon. We simply in-
form them that the Senate concur in the report of
the committee of conference.
Mr. FOSTER. Pardon me one question fur-
ther. Suppose the House act upon the report of
their conference committee: will they send us the
original papers and their vote upon the report,
asking our concurrence ?
Mr. GREEN. I answer, that they will be sent
to the Secretary, because the bill originated m the
Senate, and the papers have ultimately to be
lodged there. They will not be sent here for our
action upon them; but we shall be informed that
the House concurs or non-concurs in the report
of the conference committee; and then we act, not
upon the information coming to us from the
House, but upon the report coming before us from
the conference committee. That is the distinction
between the two cases.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me for a moment?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. COjLLAMER. Suppose the House were
to agree to this repoit of the committee to-day:
they would then pass the oill in this form. Hav-
ing agreed to the report, they send it here.
Would the question then put to the Senate he,
u will you concur in the report of the commit-
tee?" or, "will you concur with the House of
Representatives in the amendment they have
made?" ;
Mr. GREEN. 1 answered that question when i
I answered the Senator from Connecticut. The
question is, do you concur in the report of the
conference committee ?" and that is the only ques-
tion. It is never, whether you concur with the
House, they having concurred in the report of
their committee. It is, " do you concur in the re-
port of the conference committee ?" And hence, as
I said m the beginning, the only question that can
ever come before the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives on this subject, until this report is dis-
posed of. is concurring or non-concurring in the
report. It is not on the bill; it cannot be on the
bill. Such being the case, I see no propriety what-
ever for deferring it. So far as trie Senator from
Kentucky, and others,desire time to look intoit,
it is a question that addresses itself to our sense
of propriety, whether we shall grant the time. I
am free to say that I think 
Mr. DOOL'ITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri allow me to ask ^im a ques-
tion ?
Mr. GREEN. Let me finish my sentence;but
I will hear the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My question is, does the
conference committee make one report or two re-
ports ?
Mr. GREEN. I answer that the conference
committee is just as though the two Houses weie
in one body conferring together, to see if they
could agree; and the two branches of the commit-
tee of conference, one representing the House of
Representatives and the other the Senate, are jus*
the same as the two Houses of Congress, and it
requires the concurrence of. each House*to the
action of that committee. Therefore, from the
necessity of the case, as the two Houses are not,
in fact, in one body, but in separate bodies, there
have to be duplicate copies of the report; we have
to sign these duplicate copies according to pailia-
nvntaiy law, both the one that comes to the Sen-
ate and that which goes to the House of Repre-
sentatives; and unless they were identically the
sprite, tlxu-e would be no agreement, arid hence
the conference would fail. Being identically the
same, they are but duplicate copies of the same
instrument; but the repoit coming to you from
your own committee, is the subject-matter on
which you act; and the report going to the House
of Representatives from their committee, is the
subject-matter upon which they act; and the mo-
ment the two act and concur m what the confer-
ence committee have done, then the matter stands
adjusted.
'Mr. FOSTER- Which of the two bills is to
be taken to the President for his approval?
Mr. GREEN. I am a little surprised at the
Senator. I suppose he did that to try to throw
the argument into ridicule, bi^t he cannot embar-
rass me in the least.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not intend to embarrass
the Senator at all. I put the question in order to
get an answei.
Mr. GREEN. There is but one single agree-
ment. The conference-committee fix up the dis-
agreement between the two Houses, and put their
report here in lieu of the disagreement. The biil
was passed before in all the forms of law, but th *
House of Representatives passed it m one shape
and the Senate passed it in another. The two
Houses, by jomtaction, concur by adjusting that
point of difference; and the moment that point of
adjustment is settled the bill stands passed, and
it is emolled in the foim on which the conference
committee have agreed, and it then goes to the
President to receive his signature. There can be
no question raised afterwards as to the binding
efficacy of this law, as to whether the Senators
from the State of Kansas shall be admitted. The
Senator from Ohio anticipates a difficulty that can-
not arise. It is a uniform practice, done every day.
It is done m conformity to parliamentary law. "ft
is done in conformity to the necessity of the case;
it is done in conformity to the rule of common
sense and right reason; and I should be aston-
ished to see a new precedent established which
must be so difficult of administration in the future
as even to block the wheels of Government and
stay all useful legislation.
Mr. SEWARD, Mr. President, it was my
misfortune to be obliged to differ from the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, and the committee
of confeience, m its consultations and m its re-
sults. I sincerely hoped, however, that the mis-
fortune might end there. Now I find that the
