708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
any possible bearing on the case; but it is because
we want action, and because the effect of this res-
olution is delay, that we oppose it, and for no
other reason in the world. I thought the case
might have been settled at the last session of Con-
gress; I thQughtit might have been settled at the
executive session convened after the 4th of March;
and it was therefore that I opposed the passage
of this resolution then.
I think the question as to the three Senators of
Indiana, whose case has been alluded to, wholly
immaterial. Do you assume that the majority of
the members of the Legislature of a State may,
without any action of the different branches,
assemble, and make an election of United States
Senators ? I understand the Senator from Georgia
to assume that position. If he does, what is the
materiality of this testimony? We all admit that
a majority of the whole number of members con-
stituting the Indiana Legislature met together
and elected the sitting Senators. Nobody dis-
putes that. If that made an election, for what do
you want testimony ? What matter whether the
three members were in or out? Eighty-three is a
majority of one hundred and fifty as well as of
one hundred and forty-seven. It is wholly imma-
terial then. For what purpose do you want the
testimony on this view of the case?
But, sir, I wish to put the facts in regard to
those three Senators properly before the Senate.
J hold in my hand the Journal of the Senate of
Indiana. One half the Senators of that State held
for four years, the other half for two; conse-
quently half the Senators were holding over. This
is the entry upon the Journal of the Senate in
regard to the new Senators:
" The following Senators, elected since the last session
of the General Assembly, appeared, and produced their cre-
dentials, and were duly sworn, as required by the constitu-
tion."
Then follow the names. That shows the quali-
fication of the newly elected Senators duly accord-
ing to the constitution. Now you go outside of
the record, and say that is not true; and how do
you state the fact? It is stated, and that I may
be accurate, I will read the statement, which is
made by one of the sitting Senators:
" That in tho organization of said State Senate, according
to the constitution, laws, and usage ot*the State, the Lieu
tenant Governor presides, and superintends the admission
of the membejs, and the taking the requned oaths ot office.
That upon this occasion, in violation of such constitution,
laws*, and usage, the said three members, who were with-
out the expressly required ciedentials of election, the cer-
tificate of the proper and only ictuinmg officer, and who^e
«.eats were aho known to be contested, and on grounds of
fraud, also known to be true, were, by a piesiding oliieer,
chosen for the purpose by the members ot the Senate, des-
ignated as Republicans, contrary to all law, and by naked
wrong, directed, notwithstanding, to be sworn m, and for
the clear purpose, illegal and fraudulent in fact, of defeating
an election of Senatois of the United State*."
That is the allegation of the sitting Senators.
«.Yon constat, however, that all of those Senators
were not sworn in afterwards on the same day; it
is not negatived at all. Now, what is the fact
about it? I have here the Daily Sentinel, the
administration paperat that time and now, at the
seat of government of Indiana, giving an account
of this proceeding. It is outside of tho record,
but I state it in order to show what the real fact
outside would be, and to meet these assertions
That is my only object in stating it. I do not state
it as evidence legitimate for the Senate, although
it is in what I believe to be the official paper of
that State.
*• The Senate met at nine o'clock, a. m. Lieutenant Gov-
ernor Willard, in accordance with tho piovi.-ion of the con-
stitution and of ail well established precedent that hat- pie-
vaiJod ever since our organization as a State, took ins seat
a* Piesiding Officer of that body."' * * * *
When we entered the Senate hall, vesteulay morning,
the novel spectacle of two Presiding OiTieeis seated at the
Piesident's desk, and two Secietaries, both engaged m rail-
ing the roil of Senators, presented itself to our v o\v. The
Chamber was crowded to buffoeanon, and it wan with diffi-
culty that we could make our way to a position where we
could see and hear what was? going on.
" The Republican Senators, under this temporary organ-
ization, proceeded to the ejection of Secietary, A?ei-tant
Secretary, Sergeant-at-Arms, and Doorkeeper, the old Sec-
retary in the mean time calling the roll ot those counties from
which the Republican Senators wei e elected, who refused to
answer to their names, as did the Democratic Senators w hen
called by the Secretary pro tern, appointed by the Republi-
cans. After the turmoil and contusion consequent upon the
joint action of two Senates, both doing bu-ine<s upon one
floor, had somewhat subsided, members began to get upon
their feet and define positions.
The Black Republicans were exceexiUijgjy pot-valiant at
fir«t; but as tilery proceeded jo .compare"iH)te?,, jrnJ take
something like a cool and deliberate view cf their position,
there was an evident disposition to show the white feather."
1 pass over some sentences not material to the
facts; they are comments of the editor:
i( Messrs. Stevens and Yaryan were frank enough to ad-
mit that the Republicans had placed themselves in a pecu-
liar and unprecedented position, and that they had done so
to block certain games which it was rumored the Democrats
had planned for the election of United States Senators. It
appears, from the confessions of these gentlemen, that
Madam Rumor, the precious beldam, had announced that
it was Governor Willard's intention, as Presiding Officer of
the Senate, at its organization, to decide against the admis-
sion of thp Senators from Manon, Fulton, Fountain, and
Rush to their seats, which are contested; which would, dur-
ing the pendency of the question of their election, produce
a tic in the Senate, and thus enable the Democrats, by the
casting vote of the President, to bung on an election of Uni-
ted States Senators.
"As if to knock from under them the last prop upon which
they relied to justify themselves in their factious proceed-
ings, Governor Willard condescended to give his assurance
in advance, that he had made up his mind that the Senators
from Mai ion, Fulton, and Fountain, should be sworn in and
admitted to their seats, whenever they presented them-
selves for that puipose. In regard to Dr. Coopet, of Rush,
he had decided differently, believing that the ciedentials
which lie presented were not such as the law required—or,
in other words, that it was not, properly, a certificate of
election.
"Mr. Munay, of Howard, openly acknowledged that
when the Republicans decided upon their present couise,
they acted under a misapprehension of the designs and in-
tentions of the Domocints, and was in favor of some con-
ciliatory measure to remove the difficulty that stood in the
way of an organization of the Senate."
The account goes on and shows that the Sen-
ate adjourned to half past two o 'clock in the after-
noon. Here is the account of what they did in
the afternoon:
" A good dinner, aud a calm consideration of the revolu-
tionary and unjustifiable position they had taken, seemed to
have wiought a wonderful change in the minds of the Re-
publican Senators. At the afternoon session they quietly
abandoned their extraoidmary proceedings by general con-
sent, and when the Senate was called toordei by the Pres-
ident, all of those who had not previously done so, presented
themselves at the President's desk, and, with the exception
of Doctor Cooper, ot Rush, were respectively sworn m by
Judge Cookins.
" Thus, an affair which, at the time of the morning ad-
journment, threatened to protract discussion and delay the
business of the session, pi oved to be nothing more than a
harmless tempest m a tea pot, which passed off a-, quickly
as it had been raided."
It will be observed that, according to this ac-
count, Governor Willard stated that he would not
dircct Doctor Cooper to be sworn unless by a vote
of the Senate. The Journal of the Senate shows
that in the afternoon when they met at half past
two o'clock,
'• Mr. Mm ray offered the lollowwg resolution :
" That Stanley Coopei be now s\\ orn as Senator from the
countj- of Rush."
He is one of the three. "Various motions were
made to adjourn; to lay on the table, &c., until
finally a vote was obtained on the question di-
rectly, and the resolution that he be sworn in was
adopted by 28 ayes to 17 noes—a majority of 9.
"So the resolution was agreed to. Mr. Cooper came for-
ward and was ■swoin as required by the constitution, by
Judge Cooking of tho supremo bench "
I only state these facts to show that although it
1 may be strictly true, as the sitting member from
j Indiana has stated, that this took place in the
| morning, yet, in point of fact, the record shows that
i the three Senators were duly sworn, and it is un-
! necessary to go into this proof; it will not establish
anything when you get it here. Suppose you
show the fact that an improper officer was there:
we insist that it would amount to nothing in any
point of view. I state these outside facts as the
shortest way to get at the real facts, and to show
that there is nothing to be gained by delaying this
case for the purpose of taking testimony., i ob-
serve that the Senate is anxious to vote, and I
shall not detain them. The Senator from Geor-
gia, on the present occasion, has spoken of fraud;
j and he wants to know how the Senate of Indiana
; was organized? I will read to the Senator from
i Georgia, in answer to his own remarks of to-day,
j what he spoke two or three weeks ago. He was
| not speaking about Indiana then; he was speaking
I about Kansas. The cases are not exactly alike.
; One is the case of the Legislature of Kansas; the
other is the case of the Legislature of Indiana.
Tho Senate, of course, will bear that distinction
in mind. Here is what he said:
'• If there has been fraud m the election of mombeis of the
Senate or House of Repiesentatives of tho Legislature of
Kansas, the mattei can be passed upon bv thi> c bodies le-
spectively when the State shall have been admitted mro tho
Union. That is the tribunal set up by law for the decision
ot <.uch question*. There.and there "alone, they can be de-
cided. This body, I tiu«t, will never undertake to decide
whether or not there have been liauds m the elections of
Kansas." *********
" Every legislative body is the proper tribunal to decide
questions affecting the election of its members. It is the
only tribunal which the experience of twenty centuries has
shown can be safely intrusted with any such power. The
ablest of English jurists, the ablest pailiamemaiians, have
always held—and we find it deeply imbedded in the privi-
leges of the British Parliament, m the privileges eonterred
on each House of Congress by our Constitution, m the priv-
ileges of every State Legislature, and inherent in every town
meeting—that a legislative body is to judge l'or itself of tho
election, rpturns, and qualifications ot its members. With-
out this principle, representative bodies could not live an
hour.5'
Mr. TOOMBS. Go on and read to the end of
the paragraph.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here it is:
<c If you have a c.ise of fiaud in the election of members
of the Legi-slcuurc, take the question there for decision. If
you have such a case in tegard to the election of a Repre-
sentative in Congress, take it to the other House. If you
have such a case as to the election of a member of this body,
bring it here."
Mr. TOOMBS. That is it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. I will take the
Senator there. I understood the Senator to say
he wanted to know how Senators of the State of
Indiana were inducted into oifico, not how the sit-
ting members came here. I understand that he
places his ground on the organization of the Sen-
ate of Indiana, which, as I have read, he declared
to be the proper body to settle such questions. In
determining the election of a Senator here, I ad-
mit you may inquire into his election, but not
into the election of the men who sent him here.
Mr. TOOMBS. I presume the Senator from
Illinois does not agree with me on the views con-
tained in that speech; nor does he agree with me
to-day. If he believes they are the same cases,
why did he notagree then ? He knows very well,
as every Senator who hears me knows, that the
principles which he has read from my speech are
clear, sound, and indisputable. In the examina-
tion of the credentials of a member who sits here,
we are authorized to inquire, not (as has been
stated frequently by me on this floor in this very
case) into theelections,qualifications, and returns,
of any man in the Indiana Legislature. I have at
no time so held; and that Senator knows it, or
ought to know it, and I believe he does know it;
but it is not convenient for him to state it. It has
been again and again reiterated. My friend from
Louisiana, this morning, has argued the same
thing. We have again and again cited the prin-
ciple that a contest for a member of the Legisla-
ture in Kansas or Indiana, or anywhere, must be
determined by the Legislature. If a question
arises as to the proper election of a Senator of the
State of Indiana, or in the Legislature of Kansas,
it belongs to the Senators of those States, duly
elected and inducted into office, to determine it.
If the case arises in the election of a member of
the House of Representatives of those States, it
belongs to that Iloi^e to decide it. If a question
arises m the election of a member of the other
House of Congress, that body is to settle it. If
a question arises as to tho election of a member
to the Senate of the United States, it is to be set-
tled here.
Now it becomes a question for this body to de-
termine, and what we seek by this testimony is to
ascertain, whether the Senate of Indiana was le-
gally constituted. If the Senator cannot see the
difference between that and an inquiry into theelec-
tions, qualifications, and returns of the members
of the State Legislature, I cannot make him com-
prehend it. My friend from Louisiana has to-day
put the illustration which I put last spring—sup-
pose a mob comes to this House, and places in the
chair a President of their own, and he illegally
and unconstitutionally swears in pretenders as
Senators: have you not a right to inquire whether
the acts of such a body are the acts of the United
States Senate? Suppose sixty men should be
brought here by mob violence to-night, and take
possession of these seats: is theie a tribunal ori
earth before whom a question involving the valid-
ity of the body was brought who would not de-
1' cbre it void ?
'l Mr. WADE. I am with you there, and I want
;] yon to carry to Kansas the same doctrine,
j! Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, I carry it to Kansas,
and everywhere else, i stand on a universal prin-
ciple, one that I argued in the case of the Senator
ji from Iowa, against the decision of the Senate itis
i' true. I maintained his title, Black Republican
