2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 69; as follows: '
YE/SS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clemens,
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cur-
tis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Fenton, Poster,
Giddings,Gilman,Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow,
Harlan, J. Moruson Harris, Haskin, Hoard, Horton, How-
ard, Hughes, Huyler, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp,Leiter, Love-
joy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mou, Murray, Nichols, Parker,
Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Ritchie, Robbins,
Roberts, Royce, Russell, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Sickles, Spinner, Stanton. William Stewart, Tappan,
George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbiidge,
Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
and Wood—92.
NAYS —Messrs. Atkins, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock,
Bowie, Branch, Bryan,Burns,Ca&lue, John B. Clark, Clay,
Cobb, John Cochrane. Cockerill, Corning, Curry, Davis of
Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gannett, Gartrell, Gillis,
Goode, Gregc.Groesbeck, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Jew-
ett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Ovvon Jones, Kelly.
Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, Mason, Mill-
son, Nihlack, Peyton, Phillips., Powell, Quitman, Reagan,
Reilly, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Sealing, Aaron
Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson,
Talbot, Miles Taylor, Ward, White, Wlntelcy, Woodson,
Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and ZollicOffer—69.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ELLIOTT stated that if* he had been pres-
ent when his name was called he would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, so soon as the
vote was announced, moved to reconsider the vote
concurring in the amendment; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 18. Jind be it further enacted, That the collectors of
customs in the seveial collection distncts be, and they are
hereby and hereafter, required to act as disbursing agents
for the payment of all moneys that are or mav hoieafter be
appropi iated for the construction of custom-houses, couit-
hoiw's post olfices, and marine hospitals, with such com-
pensation, not exceeding one louith o! mie per cent, as the
Secretary of the Tioa^ury may deem equitable and just:
Jind provided further, That whele there is no collector at the
place of location of any public work hcicin specified, the
supenntetident of such public work shall act as disbursing
agent without any additional compensation therefor, and all
laws, and parts of laws, m conflict with the provisions of
thn section, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unani nious consent
of the House to be permitted to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us hear what
it is.
Objection was made.
Mr. HUGHES demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to concur.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tiie amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-second amendment:
Jind be it further cnacted, That the Secietary of the Sen-
ate and Cleik of the House of Representatives, be, and they
aie hereby, dnected to continue down to the 4 th of Match,
1859, the compilation of the congressional documents, pub-
lished by Congress muter the ruimeotu the Ameiican State
Papers," in the same manner as the first series theieof,
under the authority of the aet of Congress of Maich 9,1831,
and the joint i evolution of Congress of March 1833, and
with the same particular indev to each class and general
index to the woik ; and the said Secretary and Clerk are
hereby directed to contract with Gales and Scaton, the pub-
lishers of the first series thereof, for publishing the same,
not to exceed two thousand copies m number, at a piice per
volume not OKceeding that paid for the fir«t seties, to be
delivered to the Secretaivot the Inteuoras the same may
be published; and the said Secretary of the Interior shall
place three hundred copies in the Department of State lor
its use, and for exchange with foreign Governments; and
seven hundred copies in his own Department lor distribu-
tion to the public libraries in the scveial States and Tern-
tones, and to hold the lesiduc ofthecopies in his custody,
subject to the futther direction of Congress: Pro vuied/r hat
the prices or rates to be paid for the printing of this woik
shall not exceed those paid at pro&eut lor the printing of the
documents of Congress,, including paper and binding, having
regard to the quality and value of the material used and
woik done.
IV SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence, with the following amendment:
Provided further, That the cost of the publication shall
notetceed three hundred and forty thousand dollars, and
that no more than twenty-five thousand doliais shall be re-
quired for the purpose during the next fiscal year.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the amendment
upon the table.
Mr. CLEMENS. Does the gentleman desire
to carry the bill and all the amendments there?
Mr. HUGHES. I do; and that is the reason
I make the motion. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered,and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was rejected.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was adopted.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Bingham, Bowie, Brayton,
Burhngame, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Clavvson, Clay,
Clark 15. Cochrane, John Cochrane. Comins, Covode, Cra-
gin, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Florence, Giddings,
Gtlman, Gilmer, Gooch,Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Harlan,
J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hoiton, Uowaul,
Kelsey, Kilgore, ICnapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Mor-
gan, Morrill,Edward Jov Morris, Freeman H. Morse,Mott,
Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, William
W. Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Ricaud, Robbms, Rob-
ots, Royce, Russell. Scott, Aaron Shaw, Judaon W. Sher
man, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, William Stewaii,
Talbot, Tappan, Underwood, Wade, Walbndgo, Walton,
Waid, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, White.
Whitelev, Wood, Augustus R. Wright,and Zolhcoffer—86."
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Adram, Arnold, Atkins, Barks-
dale, Bennett, Billinghurst, Blair, Bocock, Bryan, Buffin-
ton, Burnett, Bmns, Caskie, Ezia Clark, John B. Clark,
Clemens, Cobb, Cockenll, Colfax, Corning, James Ciaig,
Crawfoid, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Dean, Dewart, Dowdell, Elliott, Fenton, Foley, Foster,
Oamett, Gaitn.dl, Gillis, Goode, Gregg, Haskin, Iloaid,
Hopkins, flous'on, Hughes, Huyler, Jcwett, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly,
Letcher, Maclay, Mason,Millson, Tsaac N.Morris, Peyton,
John S Phelps, Pike, Purviance,Qnitman, Ready, Reagan,
Ritchie, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Searing, Sickles,
William Smith, Spirmei, Stallworth, George Tavlor, Mile-,
Tavlor, Thajer, Tompkins, Waldron, Woitendyke, and
John V. Wi ight—79.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Pending: the call of the roll,
Mr. BOCOCK stated that Mr. Boyce and Mr.
Milf.s had paired off—that, the latter would have
voted against the amendment, and the former for
it.
Mr. CURTIS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. McQueen. Mr. McQueen would have voted
fn the negative, and he would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Kkitt.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called he would
have voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
ported.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move a reconsideration of that vote now?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will make that
motion, if t*here be no objection.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not. I hope
some member who did will move a reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I make that motion, and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House adjourn, and demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote concurring in the Senate amendment
as amended; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it not be in
order to move to lay the bill and amendment upon
the table ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to lay the amend-
ment upon the table is in order, and that motion,
if agreed to, will carry the bill with it,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessse. It is my object to
defeat this bill, if possible; and I make that motion.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—-ayes
twenty-seven; not a sufficient number.
Mr. HUGHES demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The amendment has been
passed by a yea and nay vote. How then is it
possible fo the gentleman to make a motion to
lay it upon the table?
The SPEAKER. There are some amendments
not disposed of, and there is a motion pending to
leconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
remaining amendments upon the table, and that
effects the same object—it will carry the whole
thing with it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
that his motion shall be first put? It would be
more regular to take the vote first on the pending
motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will withhold
my motion until that is disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Not to detain
the House, I withdraw that motion.
Mr. TALBOT. I renew the motion.
Mr. PHILLIPS. And I move to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Arnold, Bingham, Brayton,
Bufhnton, Burhngame, Ca«e, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Claw-
son, Clay, Claik B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Comins,
Corning, Covode, Cragin, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dodd. Dm tee,
Edie, Florence, Giddings, Gillis, Gilmer,Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Harlan, J. Moin>on HarrN, Thnmns L.
Hams, Horton, Howard, Kellogg. Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Maclay, Hum-
phrey Mar*hall, Matteson, Mavnard, Moi'gnn, Momll. Ed-
waid Joy Morris, Fieeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Mnnay, Niblack, Nichols Palmer, Paiker, Pettit,
William W. Phclp<, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Ricaud, Robbins, Robeits Royce. Scott, Aaton Shaw,
Stanton, Stephens. William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Underwood, Wade, Walbiidge, Walton, Ward, Elhhu B,
Washburne, Israel Washburn, White, White-lev, Wilson,
Woodson, Augustus It. Wugbt, and ZolhcolTer—90.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Adrain, Atkins Batksdale,
Bennett, Billmghum, Bocock, Biyan, Burnett, Bmns,
Cn&luc, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens,
Cobb, Cockenll, Colfax, James Ciaig, Ciawford. Curiy,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean. Dewart,
Dowdell, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gainett, Gaitrell. Goode,
Groesbcck, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, Geoige YV.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellv, Letcher, Ma-
son, Million, Isaac N. Morris, Pendleton, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Pike, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ritchie,
Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Scales," Searing, Sickles Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, Sievcn>on, Talbot, George*Tax lor,
Mile-; Tavlor. Tonmkins Waldron, Woody Wortendyke,
and John V. Wuglit—«7.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to lay the remaining
amendments upon the table.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Does that carry the bill with
it?
The SPEAKER. It does,
j Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
| Mr. HUGHES demanded tellers on the yeas
- and nays.
i Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
| were not ordered.
j The motion to lay upon the table was disagreed
I to.
j Mr. CLEMENS moved that the House ad-
I journ; and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
j SkC.2,-). Andbe it further enacted, That all diplomatic and
j salaried consular officers who were appointed under the act
[ entitled "An act toiemodel the diplomatic and consular
j systems of the United States,5,1 approved March 1, 1855,
shall have the wine compensation duiing the time ncce^-
saiily occupied in making the ttansit to and returning Horn
1 heir lespectivc pos-ts. and while they were receiving their
instructions, as is provided for diplomatic and sal.it led con-
sular officers 111 the eighth section of the act entitled w An
act to ie«ulate the diplomatic and consular system-? of the
United States," approved August 18,1856: Provided, That
the foiegoing bhall not be considered to apply to any diplo-
matic or consular officer who vva-. in oinct' ami at his po.-t
of duty when said act, approved March 1. 1855. took c-liect,
except to allow compensation to such officers duting the
time ncccssftrily occupied in returning from their lespective
posts,
