1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
further he attempts to lead me, the greater our
divergence is. The question before the Semite is j;
whether we shall take up the report at this time, j1
This motion involves three questions; first, one y
of courtesy to the honorable Senator from Ken- r
tucky, who makes the motion to postpone; se<-- j
ond, one of expediency, in regard to the due d;s- j
patch of the public business; and third, the ques- j
lion of parliamentary law, whether we can rightly {
take up the report. _ I _
I should be glad to concur with the chairman j
of the committee of conference, if I could have i;
found him right in any two of these positions; !■
but I am sorry to say that I find him wrong on all |
three. Why, Mr. President, consider who it is !'
that asks the postponement of this matter as a i
point of courtesy. It is the honorable Senator j
from Kentucky, the author of the House amend- ,
ment to the Senate's bill. Ithas been rejected by I
the Senate, although adopted by the House. It i
is he who, m a parliamentary view, is the author, |
the person to whom belongs the responsibility of |,
a great measure, which he has introduced with !
a view to the settlement of a great controveisy. I
Now, consider, if the Senate will, for a moment, ;
the ground upon which he places his request. He i,
distinctly states that it is not for delay. He dis- j,
tinctly states that it is with no factious put pose, j
but that it is simply and honestly, or, to use Ins
own language—which is always so much more i
just and accurate than that of almost any other j'
person in the world—it is because he is sincere in !'
declaring that he is not able, not prepared, to dis- j
cuss this subject to-day, while he trusts, health <
being spared, he will be the day after to-morrow, j'
Now, while every member of the Senate knows
that it is a responsibility resting upon the Sena- i1
tor to discuss it, and to lead in the discussion, !
the Senate of the United States hesitates about ;
according that act of courtesy to that Senator. I:
Sir, itis more than twenty years since I first looked j
from the galleries down into this Chamber, never ,
having indulged an ambition that 1 should occupy !
a seat on this floor, and I found that noble man j
and enlightened statesman a representative from i
a State then powerful here; I saw him giving di- i
rection to the action of the Senate of the United !'
States, and of the country. He has continued |i
either here or in some other department of the l[
Government, to pursue a course of active and pa- I j
triotic service, ever since, until he stands here the j!
survivor of all his early compeers. I venture to |!
say, you may look through the records of the i,
Senate from the day when his career of service j
began until now, and you will not find a single I
instance in which, to friend or adversary, he tie- j1
nied such an act of courtesy as is asked by him j
now at the hands of those who were chiidien or
striplings when he was at the zenith of his polit-
ical fame.
Now, in regard to expediency—the expediency
of the transaction of the public business. Why,
sir,'we on this side of the Chamber, unable to
demand a registry of the yeas and nays, are re-
garded as acting factiously in all that we do. On
the contrary, we are a political force, a power in !
the Senate. We can be heard; we must be heard. I
We act under the same responsibilities with the 1
majority; we have the same accountability to our J
country; and the difference is probably very little \
between the service rendered the country by a
faithful and patriotic minority in the Senate of j
the United States, and the service of the most en- ;
lightened majority; the one may hold back the !
Government from wrongful or injudicious action j
too tenaciously, and the other may crowd inju- ■
rious measures too fast, where both parties are I
equally honest. I
Now, sir, it is my belief that this question will i
be settled just as soon—and I hope it may be set-
tled all the more wisely—for allowing to the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky the privilege which
he asks, of preparing himself for leading in this
debate. Nor is it a trivial measure that he pro-
poses to discuss; for this report presents a new
measure altogether. It is not the one which was
recommended by the President of the United
States; it is not the one which was matured by
the Senate of the United States, after such long
debate; it is not the one which was proposed by
the House of Representatives: but, in material
and important features, it differs from them all. I
say that it is unreasonable to require the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky to proceed in this
debate without the preparation which he thinks
necessary. j
Sir, we are told that the question was up on i
Friday, and that it was up on Saturday, and that :
a Sunday has intervened, and that to-d*ay is Mon-
day, and another day will intervene before Wed- 1
nesday. Who is there among us who can look ,
into tl"Ki condition, the circumstances, and the oc-
cupations of any other Senator, the state of hi*
health, of his affairs, and say that he is not sin-
cere when he avers that the time which has been \
allowed, and which has been enough for us, has >
proved insufficient for him ? None of us. \
Now, in regard to the question of right and j
parliamentary law, I think that the written law :
on this subject is perfectly plain. According to
that law, this hill m the House of Representa-
tives; and this proposition, being: nothing more
than an amendment to a bill, which bill is not
here, but is in the House of Representatives, pre-
sents just exactly the same question which would
occur if an individual Senator were to rise in his
place, and piopnse the same amendment, in the
same words, to a bill now pending in the House
of Representatives. The fact that tins amendment
has roine fiom the committee of conference does
not alter the nature or effect of the tiansaction in
the least; for, as was so w< 11 said by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pumi,] it is either ■
a new bill, and therefore must be read three times i
before it can pass, which is a reduriio ad ahsurdum, j
or rise it is an amendment; and if it is an amend- !
ment, and not an original or new bill, then it is
an amendment to something, and it, cannot be an
amendment to anything that is here, and can only
be an amendment to a bill which is somewheie,
which bill is not here, but is in the House of
Representatives. It is a practical as well as legal
impossibility for the Senate to amend a bill which
they have not the custody of, and whu'h is not
before them; for the effect nf passing the amend-
ment, or concurring in the report, is fa stamp rhat
amendment upon the identical paichment upon
which the bill is written, and obhteiate from the
bill the matter for which the amendment is sub-
stituted.
Against this view of the subject, which is sus-
tained by logic as well as by the written parlia-
mentary law, what is offered? Why, that we are
accustomed to depart from this practice. J believe
that is so; but we have departed from it heretofore
simply for the reason that the objection was never
made, the question was never raised, and there-
fore all these cases of departure, though they were
as frequent as the snow-flakes m winter, are of
no value as precedents; and the question being
now raised, and laised upon a very important bill,
in one of the most important transactions which
has ever come before Congress, it is an imperative
duty to settle the piactice aceoidmg to pai liament-
ary law, so that the precedents which have taken
place heretofore shall not mislead us or our suc-
cessors hereafter.
Mr. HELL, i should not say a word on this
subject, but I think the motion to take up thus re-
portwhile the papers continue in the other [louse,
is so nregular, so regardless of all safe forms of
proceeding established by parliamentary law, that
every Senator ought really to consider seriously
whether, when that point and its consequences are
fairly weighed, lie ought to support this motion
as a question of ordei, whether it is paihament-
ary; whether it is proper according to the rules
and laws of proceeding in this body, that this
!, question should be taken up now or at any time
■ until the papers are returned to the Senate. I
, know that some honorable Senators have said it
i is done regularly and constantly; they say nu-
: merous instances may be found; but I venture to
■ assert that there is not an instance on record where
! any such report as this has ever been acted upon
i by the Senate or House of Representatives, in the
' absence of the bill, or whai are called, in parlia-
[ mentary language, the papers. 1 am utterly as-
: tonished at the course taken by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] because
| he knows the value of adhering to parliamentary
forms. These forms are matters of substance;
they are of the greatest importance to the country
1 in securing regularity, certainty, deliberation, in
: the enactment of laws and in preventing imposi-
tions. That no man m this body knows better
1 than the honorable Senator from Virginia. I chai-
i lenge him to pioduce a single instance where,
upon a question of any importance, such a pro-
ceeding as this eve took place in this body where
it whs objected to. lie oao refer to the Journa's
to show shat, in numerous instances at the clo.se
of the s"siiou, when, unless the Senate arid House
of Representatives proceeded somewhat man ir-
■ regular manner, there would be no appropriation
bills passed, or some man-ried one of them omitted,
conference reports may have thus been acted upon
' without the original bill being in possession of the
! body; but no other instances can be shown; and
J in those cases it was allowed simply because ob-
|| jection was not made.
|| The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Puoa]
j; has put this case in a perfectly clear form. The
ll honoiable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Grxen,]
however, telis us that there is no pailiamentary
law, or that, if there is, each gentleman must de~
j cide it for himself. He asks why, in reason, it
. should not be so, and he says the substance of
- the thing is all we need look to. I understood
'' him to say that no gentleman could get up and
declare that the law 's this way, or that way; for
' each gen'ieman must decide for himself.
Mr.GKEEN That is exactly it; and we claim
;■ the *aiue right to say what the law is as anybody
, rUe
Mr. BELL. Now, ! will ask the honorable
, Senator to fell me what parhamentai v law he re-
,! ferred to when he spoke of the mannei of making
these reports by the managers of each House
| making a icpori to their own lions-e. J say it is,
j' at last, a joint report signed by all.
ji Mr tilt KEN, 1 will answer.
Mr. HELL, \ want to know the parhament-
i| ary law to which the Senator referred.
lj Mr. GREEN, f will answer. At the time I
;; spoke, 1 had special reference to the parhament-
ary law that has giown up in the United States,
j! in the Con^rt ^ of the United States, and in the
j State LegishU'frt s. I know that all parliament-
.I aiv law originated in usage. Common sense,
'' rii^ht, reason, is the foundation of the whole of
I' it, and in the United States this has been the prac-
j! tire.
j. Mr. HELL. L it so written any where ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes; m many places. I have
j, not the hook and page; but I will promise to pro-
! duce it, if that will satisfy the Senator.
ji Mt. BELL If there is a parliamentary law of
;■ that kind, 1 ask the Senator to produce it if he
pleases. 1 deny that there is any such parlia-
menfary law binding mi the Senate.
I' Mr GREEN I v ill produce it if the Senator
j: will produce any law winch prohibits eitherllouse
■ ■ from aeung aftei a repoit fie-m ajomt committee
i. of conference is made, until the other House has
'l acted. NoSenator can produce it, because there
,1 is no such law,
'■ Mi. BELL. I know theie is no such express
■ law, though it is plainly dedueible from what is
!• writ ten, and theie are a hundred other ca.vs on
!' which von act every day without any expiess
1 law. What law is th*re that regulates the con-
J gruity or incongruity of amendments'1 "What law
have you for the regulation of debate generally-?
; The few rules that are put down, and numbered
in the list of what are called the rules of the Sen-
: ate, are but a small portion of the law by which
j: we aie governed. There ate' other, and very im-
i: portant' and essential pailiamentary rules, by
1 winch we are governed evei y day, unless we trans*
I, gress them—rules founded in common sense and
'■ long-estabhshed usage, the wisdom of many of
1 which has been proved, as the Senator from Ohio
has said, foi two hundred years.
When I challenge the honorable Senator from
Virginia to show any case like the present, 1 am
in earnest about it. The honorable Senator from
Missouri said that this is not a new bill. I say
it is a new bill. 1 have never seen such a report
as this from a committee of conference. 1 beg
pardon of the honorable Senator from Missouri
when I say that I do not consider that this report
is made in a parliamentary form; and when I
speak of a parliamentary form, I mean a lawful
form; for the laws of Parliament are a part of the
laws of the land, and of great importance to be
; observed. In a question of very great and press-
| ing exigency, I should not be a stickler for form--!
■ in a particular case; but m every departure from
! them, 1 would protest against that departure being
J taken for a precedent, because i consider them of
I the greatest importance to be geneially observed.
