710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 15?
Senator from Illinois shall not prevail, I intend to
submit an amendment, providing that" such evi-
dence shall be returned to the Senate within thirty
days from the passage of this resolution."
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent th£rcin the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 15, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Morsell.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, inclosing
communications addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, on the
subject of an appropriation to refund to the vice
consul of Sweden and Norway, at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, the sum of $749 92, paid by him to the
United States navy-yard at Gosport, for repairs
of the Norwegian bark Ellen, on the occasion of
that vessel putting into Norfolk to land passen-
gers saved from the wreck of the steamer Central
America; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed; and the communications inclosed
severally referred to the Committees on Foreign
Affairs and of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
DEBATE IN COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Waruen,] submitted on Monday
kst, to suspend the rules for the purpose of in-
troducing the following resolution:
the bills shall be taken up and disposed of m their order on I
the Calendar; but when objection is made to the considera-
tion of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of, or laid aside ; provided that general appropriation bills,
and, in time of war, bills for raising men or money, and bills
concerning a treaty ot ppace, shall be preferred to all other
bills, at the discretion of the committee; and when de-
manded by any member, the question shall first be put in
regard to them."
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 139, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Burnett, Burns, Ezia Clark, Clay, Cobb,
Cockerill, James Ciaig, Davis of Mississippi, Foley, Gar-
trell, Gilhs, Greenwood, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Huy-
ler, Jackson, Jewett, George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
i Kelly, Landy, Lawrence, Letcher, Peyton,Phelps, Ready,
Reagan, Rcilly, Sandidge, Scales, Seward, Aaion Shaw,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens. James A. Stewart, Talbot,
George Taylor, Trippe, Ward, Warren, Watluns, VVorten-
dyke, Augustus R. Wnght, and John V. Wnght—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Bennett, Bingham, Biatr, Bliss, Bocoek,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Buflinton, Burlin-
gaine, Campbell, Case, Chaftec, John B. Clark, dawson,
Clingman, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coinms, Corning, Co-
vode, Cragin, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis,
Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davi- of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick. Dodd, Dowilell,
Durfee, Ednumdson, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Fenton,
Florence, Foster, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode,
Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Lawienee VV. Hall, Robeit li.
Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard,
Hopkins, Howard, Jenkins. Iveilt, Kellogg, Kelsev, Kilgore,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunki-I, John C. Kurikel, Lamar, Leach,
Leiter, Lovejoy, MeKibbin, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Mill-
son, Montgomery, Morgan, Monill, Edwaul Joy Morns,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mur-
ray, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Paikei, Pendleton, Pettit,
Plulhps, Pike, Potter, Powell, Purvianoe, Quitman, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Bobbins, Royce, Uuffln, Scott, Sealing, lleniv M.
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Rob-
eit Smith, Spinner, Stalhvorth, Stanton, William Stewait,
Tappan, Thayei, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,
Wade, VVaIbrulge,Waldron,Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu IS. Washburne, Israel Washburn, White, Wil-
son, Wiuslow, Woodson, and Zolhcoffer—139.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the above call,
Messrs. Stevenson and Clemens asked leave
to vote, having been outside the bar when their
names were called, but objection was made.
SES OF IN VESTIG ATING COMMITTEES.
EXPJL
Mi. J. GLANCY JONES.
Ueiolvrtl, That from and after the
nou ail debate in tiie Committee of the VVJ;
t-i"fiic* Union siia.II be sinetiv confined to the bill 01 re-olmion
fiiicclly submitted to ihe eommirtee, except that Monday
irnjl.t, WedneMlay night, and Fi iday night, ot eneh vvcck, be,
dii'J they aie hereby, set apait for the diseusMO.i of matteis
arising out of the eonmtion of the Union generally, or audi
other matters as gentlemen may be disposed to discuss.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order to move
to lay the resolution on the table >
The SPEAKER. It is not. The resolution
has not yet been received. The question is on
suspending the rules.
Mr. WARREN. I believe the motion to sus-
pend the rules is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WARREN. Well, sir, I hope the House
understands the resolution. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HO USTON. If the gentleman from Arkan-
sas will modify his resolution by adding at the
end: "and at such night sessions no vote shall
be taken upon any matter of business," I shall
lie very glad to support it.
Mr. WARREN. I wiil accept the modifica-
tion, certainly. 1 have no objectian to any amend-
ment the House may choose to make. My only
object is to get the matter before the House.
Mr. MILLSON. If this resolution is adopted
we might as well abolish the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union altogether.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to have the 31st and
134th rules read.
Mr. WARREN. 1 hope the House will sus-
pend the rules, and receive the resolution. It we
are going to have buncombe speeches, let us have
them at night.
The 31st rule was read, as follows:
" 31. When any member is about to speak in debat'1, or
deliver any matter to the House, he shall rise liom Ins seat,
and respectfully address hun&eli'lo1 Mr. Speaker ;' and shall :
eonfine himself to the question under debate, and avoid per-
sonality."
Mr. WARREN. I cannot see what object the
gentleman had in view in having that rule read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The Clerk read the 134th rule, as follows:
'• In Committee of ths Whole on the state of the Union, j
Mr. Speaker, I am
of tins rnsolu- ! instructed by the Committee of Ways and Means
.It-on Hie «iatp |, to report to the House a joint resolution making
an appropriation for the payment of expenses of
investigating committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives. This resolution appropriates the sum
of $35,000 to meet the necessary expenses of these
special committees. The House have raised these
special committees, and, in doing so, have in-
curred expense. There is no money in the con-
tingent fund of the House to pay these expenses.
A chairman of one of these committees submitted
a resolution a few days ago, which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. As chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, I ad-
dressed a letter to the several chairmen of these
committees, oneto the Sergeant-at-Arms, and one
to the Clerk of the House. I have ascertained
thatthere is required to pay for expenses already
incurred the sum of $35,000, and this expense
has been incurred by only two or thiee of these
special committees.
Tnere is no money out of Which to meet these
Witnesses have been brought from a
icpensos
great distance, and they are here in town; but
there is no money out of which to pay them. It
is necessary, therefore, if these committees are to j
be continued in existence, that money should at 1
once be appropriated for their expenses. The res-
olution I have reported appropriates money for
] these expenses as far as they have gone. I ask
I the unanimous consent of the House that theres-
j olution be received and immediately considered
| and put on its passage. If there be objection, I
! shall move for a suspension of the rules.
| There was no objection; and the resolution was
read a first and second time by its title, and then
read in exlenso.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I should like to know
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, what will be the probable expense of
these special committees if they continue their
work to the end, calculating on the ratio of the
expense which has been incurred already.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I believe that there
' are seven special committees in this House, per-
haps a larger number. It is understood that the
Judiciary Committee is about to bring before the
House the subject, of an impeachment of one of
the judges of the United States. The committee
on the Lecompton constitution has power to send
for persons and papers to Kansas. The commit-
tee on the accounts and official conduct of the
Doorkeeper, the Lawrence, Stone &Co. commit-
tee, and the Fort Snelling committee, have made
considerable progress. The Clerk has paid out of
the contingent fund, for their purposes, some two
or three thousand dollars. This contingent fund is
intended for the ordinary expenses of the House,
and that two or three thousand dollars must be re-
funded.
My own opinion is, that $35,000 will cover the
expenses already incurred, and which will be in-
curred, provided the other committees do not act.
If the other committees act, and send for persons
and papers, §100,000 will not foot the bill. I do
not think $150,000 will cover the expense of the
work which has been cut out by the House for
these special committees. If the work goes no
further than it has done already, supposing it shall
end here, I think, and the committee also are of
the opinion, that $35,000 will cover the expense.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will indulge me with an inquiry. I would
be gratified if tlie gentleman, m stating the amount
in gross which he supposes will be incurred by
these committees, would set off to each committee
something like what each one would require, so
that the House may understand the basis of his
estimate.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Except what is
asked for, I have given merely an opinion, and
that opinion is founded upon the work which is
cut out for each committee. If the committee on
the Lecompton constitution deem it proper to
send to Kansas for persons and papers, any gen-
tleman can make up an opinion of what the cost
will be. I have given what I believe will be the
probable cost of these committees, if their inves-
tigations continue; and it is only the expiession
of my opinion on the subject in answer to the
gentleman from Arkansas. So, also, in regard
to the Committee on the Judiciary. If that com-
mittee go into the subject of impeachment, and
send to Texas and other places for witnesses and
papers, it is a mere matter of opinion how much
it will cost. The gentleman from Arkansas asked
for my opinion, and I give it as a matter of opin-
ion merely, that it will require $100,000 to pay
the expenses of those committees, if they finish
the work for which they were appointed by the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I received a note from the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, asking for an estimatp. of the ex-
penses which might be incurred in the investiga-
tions before the Committee on the Judiciary.
Sincc that time the Judiciary Committee have had
no meeting, and if they had they lrave not reached
that point in the case to which the gentleman re-
fers, that they could make anything like an esti-
mate which would be satisfactory to themselves
or the House. Therefore 1 made no reply, and
consequently any conjecture which may be in-
dulged in by the gentleman must be simply his
own, and I presume he could know no more about
it than a member of the Judiciary Committee
would know, and that is the merest guess in the
world. I do not know how many witnesses that
committee may see fit to biing before it, or how
far they will have to travel; and m the absence of
such information it was utterly impossible to re-
ply to the questions addressed to us by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. I may be permitted to say
that for a similar reason no response was made to
the circular addressed to the committee of which
I am chairman. We have no means of knowing
the extent of the information we may desire or
the number of witnesses we may require. But!
will say that so far as the expenses of that com-
mittee have already gone, it seems tome that they
will certainly not exceed one thousand dollars,
nor have I any reason to think that they will ex-
ceed two thousand or twenty-five hundred dollars.
We have had no meeting since the receipt of that
ciicular, and no opportunity to compare notes, to
know what will be the probable expenses of that
committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Gentlemen seem
not to understand the object I have in view in this
explanation. If the committees do not continue
