1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
I have said that i never before saw such a report
as the present, and I do not think there is any
such on record in either House of Congress,
whatever may be found in the rules for the regu-
lation of State Legislatures. What is it?
" The committee of conference appointed to consider the
disagreeing votes of the two nouses on tlte amendment to
the Seriate bill No. 161, entitled 'A hill for the admission
of the State of Kansas,7 report that they have had the sub-
ject under consideration*' * * * * *' and have
agreed upon an amendment m the nature of a substitute lor
the House amendment to the Senate bill,''
Now, there is no such thing known in our par-
liamentary law governing the proceedings of the
two Houses of Congress as a substitute. The
meaning of that is a new bill; it is not an amend-
ment. According to parliamentary law, a com-
mittee of conference cannot strictly report an en-
tirely new bill, though they can propose amend-
ments which alter the nature of the original bill
in us substance and meaning to such a degree
that the mover of it would not know it as his bill,
and would not vote for u. All that is in the
power of the committee of conference to do, if
thny agree among themselves; and, in fact, it is
in the power of the Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives to do the same thing by agreeing to
amendments moved by the enemies ol the bill. '
That is not what 1 complain of; out 1 find fault
with this report m a parliamentary sense. Com- ;
mutees of conference cannot report any amend- ,
merit or agreement that is not parliamentary in j
its nature. Let me give a single illustration. I'he
committee of conference that we have had on this i
subject could not report an alteration of any part
of the original bill to which both Houses had
agreed. If both Houses had agreed to a part of
the bill, it would be a violation of the law for the
committee of conference to propose to change that
part of it. The Manual says:
" At free conference*., the manager* discuss viva roce ami
freely, and interchange propositions (or &ueii modifications
afe m.iy be made m a parliamentary way.''
That is, subject to parliamentary rules—that
which I have just mentioned, for one, and others.
Again:
" Annmd'nent- mnv bp made <t> as to totally altpr the rta- :
tureoftlm pioposition; and it is a way ol getting i id ot a ;
proposition by making it bear a sense different fiom what it
was intended bv liie movers, so that ihcy vote <i{jam! t it ■
tht'ui^eivf s (2 Ifat^. 79.4, £•}, Bl ) A new lull may be ni-
gral ted bv way of amendment on the woids {be it enacted,''' i
&c. (I Grey 190, 192.'') I
The committee of conference, by their report, :
have not even left the words <k be it enacted," of :
the original bill, They report what is literally a !
substitute, and they themselves speak of it as
44 inthenalurcofasubstitute," They do nut even 1
leave the few words " be itcnacted^upon which
to ingraft a new bill; and yet they do actunliy re-
port a new hill. I say tlna is unparliamentary.
The Senator from Ohm was perfectly right when
he said that this proportion was a new bill, and
it will no more have passed constitutionally when
the Senate agrees to the report, than will any
other paper lying on your table, totally unacted
upon by Confess. Then1 is not a shred of the
original bill left. The substitute relates to the
same subject-matter, and that is the only connec-
tion between them. You cannot alter or amend
this report; you must take it just as it is. That 1
is another parliamentary rule.
These objections may be considered technical; '
but they are taken according to the parliamentary
law, and under the pailiamentary law, and I think .
they are good objections. The committee do not _
leave the title or the enacting clause of the original
bill; and the proposition which they report is just '
as much a new bill as if we had never acted on the ■
subject. There are provisions in this substitute ,
which require some consideration. There are some 1
new features in it. It relates to the same old subject
to be suie; and as the Senator from Georgia has ;
said, we have heard a great deal about it, and we are ;
likely to hear moreaboutit;butthe wholequestion 1
is now presented in a new aspect—one that requires '
some consideration. The honorable Senator from ^
Kentucky has informed us that he really wishes 1
to compare it with the amendment which he pro- 1
posed in the Senate, and which, with some slight ,
alteration, was agreed to by the House of Rep- 1
resentatives. Many of us desire to look into it, 1
and see how far it affects the ground on which .
some of us supported the original bill, and on i
which some of us voted a<rainst the original lull, i
I do not ask any great length of time for myself.
As for my single self, perhaps I should be will-
ing to go into the discussion now, but I think
some consideration of a few days might be im-
portant. The great objection to this proposition
now is, that it is totally unparliamentary and out
of order to proceed to the consideration of this
report now, and I think it is a matter of sub-
stance, a matter of principle—public principle—
to take a stand against its consideration,
jj I profess, I trust sincerely, not to have any foc-
>j tious views. I have no reason for wishing that
|' the question should be staved off for two or three
11 days, if the measure is to pass. It is possible that
j. 1 may support it myself, though I do not think it
jj very probable; bur I am only putting the case,
j| and I stand here upon what I consider a matter of
j substance and principle in opposing the taking up
and consideration of this subject now.
i| if we were to agree to tins report to-night, what
jl should wedo? Should we order it to beengrossed,
M and direct the Secretary to inform the House of
;! Representatives that we had agreed to it? Which
'! House is to order the engrossment of this new
■' bilP The honorable Senator from Ohio is per-
fectly right in saying that if rlie two Houses agree
to thi« report in this form, it will be a bill that will
' not have passed according to the constitutional
I leqmrement—that will not have passed three read-
II ings in the Senate. Taking it lor granted, how-
jj ever, that that question is out of the way, I ask
!! which House ordets the engrossment of the new
bill? Do we order the engi ossment of tins amend-
!', ment in the nature of a substitute, as the commit-
;| tee call it, and send it to the other House, or do
; i we merely inform that House that we agree to the
/report? We originated this bill. The House that
■! acts finally upon U may order it to be engrossed.
!| Then we need not do it. I suggest these ques-
;j tions to show the difficulty in which we are m-
,! volvmg ourselves. These are questions which
ij you have no fixed forms of practice to regulate. I
i am sure there is no precedent for such aproceed-
1 i ing as this, and the mam objection to it is, that if
]! it be puisued, the bill will not have passed accord-
!; ing to the constitutional forms of the Senate and
;! House of Representatives.
;[ The practice to which the Senator from Vir-
ginia has alluded, has been at the close of the
session, m acting upon reports of committees of
conference on the appropriation bills, when a few
minutes' delay mignt be fatal to some important
measure. Here I would recall the minds of hon-
orable Senators who have had seats heie for any
length of time, to the fact that we sometimes
make great mistakes in acting on these reports.
In regard to the general appropriation bills, there
is hardly ever a case in which the Senate act un-
derstanding^ upon the reports of the committees
of conference. Sometimes there are upwards of
one hundred amendments, and the reports merely
recite their numbers, and no persons but the mem-
bers of the committee know anything about them.
They propose that we recede from some fifty
amendments, and insist upon fifty other amend-
ments, and agiee to other amendments with
amendments. We do not know what they all
are, and we run £reat hazard, and sometimes act-
ually get into difficulty by agreeing to such re-
ports. Generally they have been allowed to pass
without any serious opposition, because we had
not timp to consider them. I have had consider-
able experience in both Houses, and I can safely
say that I have never known any instance where
I supposed action would not be deferred or post-
poned until the bill was here, unless m such cases
as I have mentioned m regard to the appropria-
tion bills at the close of the session, when we are
in danger of losing very important measures, and
no person thinks of objecting; but even then if
the point was made, it seems to me, it would al-
ways have been the duty of the Chair to rule that
we could not proceed to act unless the papers were
before us. The papers must be before us because
there is nothing to which to attach the amend-
ment of the conference committee unless we have
the original bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to make one remark
simply on the point of order. If it is proposed to
postpone the consideration of this subject with
the view of giving my friend, the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, an opportunity of speaking,
of course I shall not object. That Senator knows
that I would yield this courtesy to him as will-
ingly and as readily as to any other gentleman of
the body; but I cannot consent to a postponement
at this time, on the ground that it would be unpar-
liamentary to proceed with the question in the
shape in which it is now presented to us. I dis-
sent entirely from the positions taken by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. When Senators in-
quire for the law that authorizes us to proceed to
vote upon this report in its present shape, I ask for
the law that prevents a majority (those in favor
favor of the report of the committee) from doing so.
The honorable Senator from Virginia was cor-
rect when he said that this body is governed more
by usage than by parliamentary law, and that
j what is proposed to be done in tins instance has
j been an every-day practice of this body for the
! last twelve years. For instance, legislation has
i been exhausted upon a measure that is before the
j Senate and House of Representatives without a
I concuneuce of sentiment or opinion. What is
j the next step* A committee of conference, em-
! powered by the parliamentary law that governs
| ouraction,to eonsultand agree upon such change
' or modification as, in their opinion, will be most
j likely to secure the concuirent agreement of the
respective Houses they represent; and when (as
j in the case before us) they have agreed, they rc-
port to the respective bodies to which they belong,
j And, sir, it is entirely immaterial whethei they
; report one or more amendments to the original
! bill leferred to them, or whether they report lhat
j' they have agreed upon a substitute for the ori-
j J ginal bill. Their report is an entirety; it cannot be
Ii amended, or agreed to with an amendment. The
single question, and the only question that can be
|. submitted to the Senate, is: "Will the Senate agiee
\[ to the repoi t of the committee of conference?" If
j; a majority vote to agree to that which the com-
Ij mittee have thus reported, it is the law, so far as
j! the Senate is concerned; and if a majority of the
ij House give a like vote, it is followed by a like
-i result, and no further action is required by either
|: body to make it a law; but if either the Senate or
ii House disagree to the report of the committee,
jj the measure falls (as paihamentarians term it)
II between the two Houses, unless it should be the
ji pleasure of each House to agree to a second com-
i: mittee of conference.
! | Now, sir, a few words as to the objection urged
' here with such pertinacity that we must sus-
pend all action until the original bill is before us.
Allow me to say there is nothing in this point; it
is the first time I have ever known it made in a
like case, and such cases as this are of common
occurrence. I can find you precedent after prece-
dent sustaining the pi inciple contended for by the
honorable Senator from Missouri, having charge
of this bill. Only last Congress the. Army appro-
priation bill was lost on a disagreeing vote of the
two Houses, and m consequence an extra session
was called. The conferees of the two Houses
failing to agree, reported that disagreement to their
respective Houses simultaneously; no point, of
order was raised that the Senate was not in pos-
session of the bill, or that the House was not in
possession of the bill; no denial of the parlia-
mentary right of the Senate to vote on the usual
motions, or of the House to do the same thing; and
so in case after case that I have witnessed here, i
repeat sir, there is nothing in this point of order.
It is wholly immaterial where the original bill is.
It ought in my opinion to be on our files. It ori-
ginated in the Senate, and properly belongs to the
Senate files, and for aught I know or have heard,
it is accidental that the Senate's committee did
not return it. But, Mr. President, the original bill,
for all legislative and practical purposes, is here.
It is on or under the desk of every Senator. I
have it here; it was placed on my files the day
after it was ordered to be printed weeks ago. We
are as fully informed on this subject as though
eveiy Senator had the original bill in his drawer
Turn this subject over as you may, apply all the
parliamentary objections you can, it is narrowed
down at last to the simple question, " Will the
Senate agree to the report of the committee ?" and
that question can as well be taken without the bil
as with it, as well to-day as to-morrow, and if my
vote can aid to produce that result, it will be thus
given.
Mr, BAYARD. I do not purpose to detain the
Senate long, as I am not very well skilled m par-
liamentary law. I think forms ought always to
be adhered to for the purposes for which they
