1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
their investigations and create new expenses, ,
$35,000 will probably cover all their expenses. ,
But x remember very well that, but a very few
davs ago, when a deficiency bill was reported to 1
this Houst*, the Committee of Ways and Means, ,
a large majority of whom had never voted to incur ,
one dollar'of that debt, were found to be in a great ;
minority in this House. All I want the House ;
to understand now is, that I throw no obstacles j
in the way of any one of these committees; but j
i wish the House to understand, if they ask my !
opinion, that if the committees all proceed to the !
full extent of their power, at least $100,000 will be
required; if they stop where they are, only §35,000
will be required.
Mr. WINSLOW. With the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I wish to propound
a question to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] the chairman of the commitice on the
investigation of the sale of Fort Snelling. The
cost of that investigation must reach a very large
sum; and I would like to know the expense of
summoning witnesses from Minnesota? j
Mr. BURNETT. With the permission of the ;
gentleman from Pennsylvania I will answer. '
Mr. SEWARD. This questioning is not in
order.
Mr. WINSLOW. Iam not opposed to the reso-
lution at all; hut T would like to know what the
expenses in certain matters are, and I think some
steps ought to be taken to economize this matter
hereafter. I wish now to know what the cost of
these witnesses from Minnesota are?
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In asking for this
$35,000 appropriation, I have been led to make
these remarks because the committee may be :
callcd upon to ask for more money hereafter, and ;
I wish the House to understand it. I understand
that the expenses of the Fort Sncllina; investigat-
ing committee are estimated at $8,000, and that
it forms a part of this $35,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the amount
named in this resolution is intended to cover the
expenses of the committees so far as they have
gone.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. And the estimated
expense of work already cut out.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does it cover 
Mr. SEWARD. What has become of my ob-
jection ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama rose for explanation.
Mr SEWARD. Who is upon the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania; but the gentleman from Alabama rises
for explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to understand the
resolution. For instance, the Foi t Snelling com-
mittee, and two or three other committees are at
work. Does this bill make an appropriation for
the completion of the work of those committees?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Itis estimated that
it will cover their expenses.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the jointresolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papeis m the case of Marshal Matlno, by
leaving copies of the same on file.
LAND LAWS.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution, the necessity
and importance of which every member will see,
on Us being read:
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interioi be instructed
to codny and compile all the land laws now in force, in one
volume, in such manner as ho may think be t, and report
to thN House, as early as possible, lus action, with a copy
of said compiled laws.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman how large a volume it will make ?
Mr. COBB. About five hundred pages.
Mr. LETCHER. What will be the cost?
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the resolution.
Mr. COBB. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to—two thirds not
voting therefor.
ACQUISITION OF TERRITORY.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution providing for the
acquisition of foreign territory.
The lesolution requests the President of the
United States to negotiate through the Depart-
ment of State with the respective Governments I
possessing or claiming the Canadas, Nova Scotia,
and other portions of North America, and Cuba,
and other islands adjacent thereto, with a view of
annexing the same to the United States on terms
compatible with the peace and honor of the na-
tions negotiating; provided, however, that in the
event of any annexation, no portion of the Terri-
tory should be admitted as a State into the Union
until there should be therein a sufficient popula-
tion to entitle it to one member of the House of
Representatives, and until the bona fide residents
of the same, being citizens of the United States
by treaty stipulation or otherwise, should have
had a fair opportunity of voting on their consti-
tution, and of regulating their domestic institu-
tions in their own way, subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. KE1TT objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman from :
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] to accept a little amend-
ment—to add to his resolution.the words: " And
the rest of mankind." [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must decline to accept
the suggestion. I think the resolution is suffi-
ciently extensive for the present. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 10, nays 185; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bennett, Bilhnghurst. Blair, Buiroushs,
Campbell, Ezra Clark, Montgomeiy, Mott, IVImray, and
Nichols—-10.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl. Andrews, Atkins,
Aveiy, Barksdale, Bingham, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Biyan, Buffmton, Burhncainc, Burnett, Bums,
Case, John B. Claik, dawson, Clay,. Clemens, Ciingman,
Cobb, CJaik B. Cot-inane, John Cocln.ine, Cockenll, Col-
fax, Comm<, Corivnsr, Cnvode, Ciaig, Burton Craige,
Ciawfoid, Cuiiy, Curtis, Damrell. Davidson, Davis of Mary -
land, Davis of Indiana, Davi-> ot Mississippi, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, P<i\ve>, Dean, 1><; wui I, Diclv, Dun-
nnck, Docid, Dowdell, EdmuwKon, Hngli^h, Eu*-t's. Fams-
worth, Faulkner, Fenton, Floienee, Foley, Fo>iei. Garnett,
Gaitrell. Giddmgs, Gilh*, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch. Goode,
Goodwin, Gianser, Gieemvood. Giocsbeck, I,a"."i< nee W.
Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hat lan. J- Moin^on Ham--, Thomas L.
Hams Hatch, Hawkins, llickman. Hoard, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Ilowatd, lluylcr, Jackson, Jenkins, Jeivett, George
W. Jones, j. Glaney Jones, Kent, Kellogg, Kelly, Kel&ev,
Kiigoie, Knapp. Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Landy,
Leach, Leitcr, Letchei, Lovejov, McKibbnt, McUueen,
Humphiev Marshall, Samuel S. Matshal!, Maynaid, Miles,
Millet, Miilson, Mooie, Moigan, Moirill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, baae N. Morns, Fieeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Moise,
iViblack, Palmer, i'aikcr, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Pnelps,
Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Puivianee, (iuitnian,
Ready, lteagan, Reillv, Paeaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Royee,
Iluiiin, Russell, Sandidge, Scales-, Scott, Sealing, Sewaid,
Aaion Shaw, Heni\ INI. Sliaw, John Sheunan, Shottei, Sin-
gleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A Smith, William Snntn,
Spinner, Stall worth. Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, James
A. Stewait, William Stewart, Talbot. Tappan, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Tna>er, Tompkins, Tuppe, Under-
wood, Wade, Waibndge, Waldton, Walton, Ward, War-
ren, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eihhu B. Washbui ne, Wat-
kins, White, Wilson, Winslow, Woodson, Woitendvke,
Augustus R. Wugiit, John V. Wright, and ZolheofTer—
So (two thirds not votingin favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. James B.
Henry, his private Secretary.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
The SPEAKER,. The House on Friday last,
when the witness, John W. Wolcott, was before
it, adopted a resolution giving him till Monday at
one o'clock, p. m., to file his answer to the inter-
rogatories propounded to him; and that in the
mean time he remain in the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, with the privilege of seeing coun-
sel. The Sergeant-at-Arms returns that he has
again present, within the bar of the House, the
above-named John W. Wolcott, to answer as
ordered. And the witness, John W. Wolcott, has
presented to me the following answer to the inter-
rogatories.
Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen of the House of Represent-
atives : I thank you for indulging roe until to-day to answer
for the contempt with nhich I am chatg°<l, and it will he
my effort not to abuse the indulgence bv tiespasMng unnc-
ce&sauiy upon the time or patienceofvoui honorable body,
i shall confine myself to what I hope wdl be considered as
condensed a defense as may be consistent with a perspic-
uous presentation of it. Before proceeding, I repeat what
1 have belore said, that nothing was further from my inten-
tion, m any one of my answers to the several questions put
to me by your committee, than to contemn its authority, or
the authonty of the House, ff I have done so in the replv
which I gave to their last interrogatory, tt is to b« attributed
solely to an error of judgment, as to my rights, in which
judgment I had the mature sanction of my coun&el, gentle-
men who, all must know who know them at all, are as in-
capable of advising a course derogatory to the legal author-
ity of the House, or of its committer as any honorable
member on this floor. I therefore, in the most solemn man-
ner, disclaim tho remotest design to commit, in what 1 have
done, or failed to do, as a witness before yout committee,
or m what I am about to say now. any offense against the
authonty ot the House or its agents.
To make my de'ense the more readily comprehended, a
preliminary statement is necessary. On the 15th of Januaiy
last the House adopted the following resolution :
" Resolved, That a committee ot five members be ap-
pointed to investigate the chaiges preferred against the mem-
bers and officers of the last Congicss, growing out of tin;
disbursement of any sum of money by Lawrence, Stone &.
Co., of Boston, or other persons, and teport the fart? mid
evidence to the House. with such recommendations as tin v
may deem proper, with authonty to send lor persons and
papers."
By virtue of this resolve the committee before whom j
have been, was appointed, and its authority remains excln -
sivciy such, and no other than that resolve conferred. The
commission then is to "investigate the charges prefenvd
against the members and officer? of the last Congress, grow-
ing out of the disbursement of any sum of money by Law*
lence, Stone St Co., of Boston, or other persons," Sec.
What the charges were the resolve does not state, except
that they giew out of money disbursed by Lawrence, Stone
& Co , or other persons. But, as no conduct of member
ot officers, save official, is within the power of the IIoum\
the chaiges must have lefcrrcd to corruption consummated,
or attempted upon such official conduct, m the disbursement
of money, by the Boston house or by other persons. It
would seem then to be clear that the poweis of the com-
mittee aio limited to inqtmies touching such imputed dn-
bursement; and that no questions can be asked, and no an-
! swer exacted except such as tend to ascertain that fact,
j namely . was such money disbursed tor the puiposc suited,
; or was it attempted to be so disbursed ? I am far fiom ad
I mitting the authority of this House to institute the latter
1 inquiry. The Congre^, on whose members and officer- the
! alleged attempt is supposed to have been made, no longer
j exists; and whatever illegal purpose existed as against them,
, and whatever illegality theic may have been m their con
duct, the offense is to be answered for before the ordmaiy
ti lbunals of justice, and wnh ail the protection to mnocene«
which the policy and wisdom of our laws afford, and with
all the means they furnish to establish guilt, if guilt there be.
Congress, asthegiand inquest of the nation, has no power
to investigate into the conduct of the citizen, oi to punish
hun, or todnect criminal proceedings against hitn in I'm
court*, except as to the first case, when the official integrity
of it?membeis is involved ; and in theotbertwomstances,
■when a witness is before them or a committee, m a matter
within their jurisdiction, and refuses to nnvwer a pertinent
<;'i stion. in fetich cases they can punish by arrest duimg
«ne t'K-n session of the Hou^e ; and under the third section
<u tne act of the 24th January, 1857, they can also " band
ill-1 witness over to the distuct attorney of this Di-ttiet,
who^o duty it is to bring the matter before the giand juiy
foi their action."
But this limitation on the power of Congress, or either of
its Houses, is fuitner apparent from these considerations.
Theie is by the Constitution, (2d clause, 6th section, 1-t ar-
ticle.) an expi ess power granted " each House'1 to pun -
ish" its members for disorderlv behaviot, and, with the
eoncut rence of two third*, to expel a member. The itw-r-
! tion of tins authority, on punciples of construction coeval
! with the Constitution, it was thought negatived ali power
j to punish in other ca->es. and consequently denied the power
; to punish a witness, or other party, for what in England or
i in the States would be adjudged and punished as a co.i-
j tempt. But this view was held to be, and, as 1 am advised,
l it ci( arly wa°, too limited. The power, though not granted,
! and not'impheuiv within the one actually in term*, granted
j was neccs^anly incident to the just authonty of Congtess,
I and mipoitant to u«. putiiv and consequent usefulness to
1 the countiy. The Supreme Court of the United States so
! held, in tiiccasc of Anderson a Dunn. (6 Wheaton, 204 )
j But because, as riiied in that case, it exists by implication
I onh , it ts not to be esteemed a t£ substantive and independ-
ent" power, '• but auxiharvand subordinate The purity
of Congress, the official integrity of its members, are necer-
j saty to "the laithful and satisfactory discharge of their duty
I to the count! v, and nil-important to the interests of the
i peonle. The authority to examine into all imputations upon
, such purity and integrity musttherefore exist; and, not be-
i in" m terms conferred, is to be implied- But the implication
! does not bring into existence " a substantive andindepend-
1 ent power," but one altogether "auxiliary and suhordinaie/'
The conclusion, f am advised, would seem to be clear that
no authority can be impl-ed to examine witnesses m such a
ca e as that, and the one befote you is only of that class,
except to farts fan ly calculated to ascertain the ti uth or false •
hood of the chaige under investigation- That is to say, tn
propound, only, such questions as may be pertinent to the
^Th? act. too, before referred to, of January 24, 1S5T, in
words, so limits the authority. It provides only in its first sec-
tion—and consequently the third section is to be so limited
—lor the ease of a witness who, appearing, shall refuse to an -
swer any question pertinent to the matter of mquiiy under
"consideration before the House or committee by which lie
shall be examined," &c. Before attempting to apply what
I have so far stated to the chargc against me, and with all
becoming deference to the House, I hope to bo ezcut&d for
