1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1797
exist—in a legislative body for the purpose of
the orderly conduct of business; but when they
are pressed beyond that extent, you make the
form pervert the object of the form. The honor-
ale Senator from New York has placed the point
which we have to decide on three grounds. One
1 shall not notice—the question of expedency; be-
cause that is a matter for the will of a majority
of the Senate, and cach Senator will decide it for
himself. The questions of courtesy and parlia-
mentary law I propose briefly to notice; and first
as to the parliamentary law.
Parliamentary law must necessarily consist,
either of the written and express rules of the par-
ticular body, or of usage—usage adopted by that
body in the same sense m which you speak of the
common law in this country. It takes its origin
in England; but it has its modifications in each
State. So, too, of the parliamentary law. There
are a vast number of instances of parliamentary
decisions in England which never have been and
never would be adopted here. Then, if you take
the first basis of parliamentary law, to wit, the
written rules of the body, is there any written
rule of the Senate which prohibits the majority
of the body from acting on the report of a com-
mittee of conference without having before them
the bill to which it relates? None, I believe; and
I presume it will not be so contended. There is
no written rule, no express rule, which inhibits
the Senate from acting on the report of the com-
mittee of conference without the bill to which that
report relates, or out of which it arises, being be-
fore them.
Tf there be no such express rule, the next point
is, what i-< the mage 5 The question of usaire
must necessarily refer to your own body; and I
would ask whether, in the history of this Gov-
ernment, it has not been an every-day practice to
act upon the reports of committees of conference
without reference to whether the bill was in the
one House or the other, either technically or in
fact? It has been so for a very plain reason. The
subject is before you, on which you are to vote
as an entirety, in the report of the committee; you
cannot amend it. The only question you can take
is, whether you will assent to, or dissent from,
that report. If you dissent from the report, with-
out having the original papers, you may proceed
no further; but, until the report is adopted or re-
jected, you have nothing before you but that re-
port far action. You may refer to collateral mat-
ters; you may compare it with the original bill;
but is there any usage of the Senate which re-
quires that, for the purpose of acting on the report
of the committee, (on which you are confined, by
your vote, simply to assent or dissent,) you should
have the original bill before you? Is fheie any
usage which requires it so imperatively that, if a
solitary member of the Senate pleases to demand
it, he may obstruct the will of the majority, and
refuse to allow them to assent or dissent, until
that paper comes here ? According to my recol-
lection, the usage has been exactly the contrary.
We have acted upon reports the moment commit-
tees of conference have reported; and it has always
been considered a privileged question that the
committee of conference can report at any time,
interrupting other business; and we can proceed
at once to the consideration of that report, and
say whether we assent or dissent. What the effect
of that is, is another matter. Whether it passes
the bill, or does not pass the bill, is another ques-
tion.
In the next place, without regard to the prac-
tice, is it more rational, is it a wiser usage, is it
more calculated to promote the orderly conduct
of business to allow a single member of the Senate
to require that an original bill shall be road before
you can proceed to act upon the report of a com-
mittee of conference, which you have been in the
habit of acting upon, no matter whether the ori-
ginal bill was in one House or the other? or is it
better that the question of the propriety of having
the original bill before you when you decide upon
the report of the committee, should be left to the
judgment of the majority of the Senate ? Which
would be the wiser rule? Is there danger of
abuse ? If it was not a mere technical matter; if
it was necessary for the purpose of understand-
ing and comparing the original bill with a pro-
posed amendment, or with a report of a commit-
tee of conference, is there any danger that a
majoiify of the Senate would r.HUjC to send for
that bill if it was not here, or allow it to be read ?
Ought not the power to be with the majority of
the Senate, or is it wiser to allow a single mem-
ber to say, " technically this bill is in the other
House, in fact it is in the other House; it is true
we have only to vote on the report of the commit-
tee of conference; we have had the subject before
the Senate for months, and discussed it; we have
had the amendments printed, and we know ex-
actly what they are; the report embodies what by
way of amendment is a substitute for either; we
have all the information in fact before us; but I
choose, on a technical ground, to obstruct the busi-
ness of the country to require that we shall have
technically before us the bill, before*you shall act
on this report, though the vote must be taken
solely on the report of the committee of confer-
ence?" Such a rule as that is not founded on rea-
son; it is not calculated to promote the objects of
all parliamentary law, and all parliamentary rules
—the ordexly conduct of public business.
It is not safe, it is not necessary to intrust such
a power to any single member of the Senate, be-
cause if it is requisite, for the proper understand-
ing of the report, that the original bill or any
amendment shall be before you, the presumption
must necessarily be that the majority will be will-
ing to have before them all matter which is ne-
cessary to enable them to decide upon the subject
on which they are called to vote. Wheneverthat
point comes, it will be time enough to decide it.
The question now is as to proceeding to the con-
sideration of the report. I can find no written
rule of the Senate which prohibits a majority from
considering the report of a conference committee,
whether the original bill to which it relates is in
one House or the other; I can find no parliament-
ary usage of that kind: but, on the contrary, the
usage is directly the other way; and when I come
to reason upon the propriety of the matter, it
seems to me far safer to leave the majority of the
body to determine whether, under the particular
circumstances when the report lias been read, they
think for their information it is necessary that the
original bill shall be before them; or whether they
are prepared to vote on that report, which is un-
amendable, and on which the sole question for
action is, will you or will you not agree to it?
As to tin; question of courtesy, there is no man
in this body who would yield greater deference
to the honorable Senator from Kentucky than I
would, but there is a limit to all questions of
courtesy. You cannot on the ground of couitesy
agree thatadangeiously distiacting subject, which
has occupied the time of the Senate far more than
any question during the session, which has ob-
structed public business, shall be further delayed,
(especially when you have aheady fixed a definite
period for the duiation of the session,) m order
to accommodate any individual Senator, however
distinguished he may be, for mere purposes of
discussion, when you know the fact which can-
not be denied, that the original bill was under dis-
cussion for a period of two months, and, theie-
fore, every Senator must be presumed to know
what it contained: that the amendment made in
the House of Representatives came to us, and was
acted upon by us, and, in the language of the Sen-
ator from New York, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky was the author of that amendment, and,
if so, of course he understands all its provisions,
and its scope and object. Then the only remain-
ing thing to be considered, if you choose to look
into this matter, is the substitute by way of amend-
ment reported by the conference committee, and
that is before you m their report. There is, there-
fore, no element of knowledge that will not be
fully before every Senator m the discussion of
this question if you take up the report now. I
would yield, as a matter of courtesy, to the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, but that I think
it is time this question should be disposed of, not
only because it is a harassing and agitating one,
but because the public, time and public business
require it. The termination of the session has
been fixed, and this question has already absorbed
a very undue portion of our time. I have one fur-
ther reason. Although the desire of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky may be very frank-
ly and fully stated, though he only wishes to look
into this matter forfurther information, there can-
not be a doubt that on the part of those who are
opposed to a settlement of this question, prolong-
ation of Umc for the purpose ^f agitation iz de-
sired; and to that, apart from any consideration
of courtesy, I am utterly opposed.",
Mr, CAMERON". I am exceedingly, anxious
to have this question disposed of. I was desiroiis
of having it disposed of on Friday; for I was
anxious to go home and attend to some matters
of great importance to myself. When it could
not be disposed of on Friday, I was desirous .to
have it postponed from that day until to-morrow.
The postponement from Friday until to-morrow
would have been a matter of more consequence to
mc than my pay during the session. I hive re-
mained here with the hope that it would be dis-
posed of, but I now see that there is no probabil-
ity of having it disposed of for some time longer-
It is nearly five o'clock; I do not wish to be here
all night; I have some unpleasant recollections
connected with night sessions. I have never seen
them do any good; and in the hope that to-mor-
row we shall come here and dispose of this sub-
ject in a proper manner, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 22, nays §9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Claik, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fos-
ter, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, Kmg, Pugh, Seward, Sim-
mons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Rigler,
Bright, Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gvvm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, JohriMjn of
Arkansa-5, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Macon,
Polk, Sebastian, Slideli, Thomson ofNew Jersey, Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—29.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. T wish to make a few
remarks on this question of order; and it is almost
the first point of order on which I have ever
spoken, for I am not well versed in the parlia-
mentary code. It seems to me there are some
principles and reasons of great importance which
apply to the question now under discussion, and
I therefore desire to expiess my opinions upon
it. The question is whether we can proceed to
act upon the report of the committee of confer-
ence, the bill being properly and actually in the
possession of the other House? I think we can-
not; and it is very important to us that the rules
regulating our proceedings, particularly those
which regulate the communication between the
two Houses, should be faithfully observed. It
must be obvious to all that it is necessary to the
certainty of our proceedings, for the relations that
ought to exist between the two Houses, that we
must hav< some rules on this subject; that with-
out them the two Houses would be running into
constant conflict the one with the other, and our
whole proceedings would degenerate into disorder
and confusion. Some law is necessary; and if
no other reason could be given for it than that it
was necessary to preserve, the regularity of our
proceedings, that would be reason enough for the
rule.
Now, what is the rule m relation to this mat-
ter ? That is the question at issue. By all anal-
ogy it would seem to be that we cannot act on the
subject while the bill which contains it is legiti-
mately and properly in the possession of the other
House. It is there because they have a right to
primary action on the subject; and if they nave a
right, in a parliamentary sense, to primary action
on the subject, we can have no right to displace
their prior action by ours. Is not that very plain
and reasonable ? In the state of this business, one
House must act before the other; one H ouse has
a right to act before the other. The House in
possession of the subject, as we express it, must
be the House which has the right; and a feather
may turn the scales where they are equally poised.
The possession of the paper gives the right to the
House having that possession; the subject is in
their hands, and in a parliamentary sense those
papers winch contain the subject are to pass from
that to the coordinate House.
Then, in this case, where ought the action to
begin ? Shall we reverse it, and begin where the
papers are not? or shall wo, yielding the prece-
dence to them, wait for their action ? That is the
question; and it is a question of some substance.
Suppose that we undertake to act now on the sub-
ject, before the other House, who are ^posses-
sion of the bill, in possession of everything that
we are, and also in possession of the bill which
we are not in possession of; and suppose, upun
