2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
ation bills. I think they have the right to do so.
They have the right, if they choose, to insist that
we shall putnothingon these bills but appropriate
legislation connected with appropriations. These
provisions may be all very right; I know nothing
about them; but I believe they will be stricken
out in the other House, and wc are merely con-
suming" time by attempting to put anything of the
sort on the bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The House of Represent-
atives may unquestionably strike off a provision
which we send to them in a bill. That it is their
right to do. But it is equally our right to send
bills to them in such form and shape as we choose.
If they wish to make that disposition of our
amendments, they incur the responsibility of it,
not we. The same objection has been taken by
the Senator from Virginia on several bills hereto-
fore; but I believe, by the common consent of
both Houses, neccssary legislation for the Indian
service has always been allowed to go on the In-
dian appropriation bills; indeed, for several years
past, as the Senator from Virginia is well aware,
we have not had legislation for the Indian depart-
ment on any other bills than appropriation bills.
These matters command so little interest that,
unless they are placed in company with some-
thing indispensable, they cannot get through both
Houses of Congress. If the House of Repre-
sentatives should pursue the coursc indicated by
the Senator from Virginia, I can very well yield
then; but I do not wish to surrender in advance.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
As I understood the amendment, as it was read,
the first part of it provides against sales, in cer-
tain cases, without authority of the Secretary of
the Interior, but the subsequent part prohibits
sales to any but the United States or individuals
of the same tribe. •
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will explain that to the
Senator from Michigan. There are two classes
of reservations ptovided for in the amendment.
The first section applies to reserves outside of
ceded territory—individual reserves, cither re-
served in treaties or subsequently allotted to in-
dividual Indians. Those kinds of reserves we
propose to allow to be sold by the Indian office,
under the advice and regulations of the Secretary
of the Interior, taking care that the Indian is not
imnosedupon. Then there are reservations within
ceded territory or within the national domain of
an Indian tribe. These, we provide, cannot be
sold to any white petson, hue muy, under regu-
lations prescribed by (lie Secretary of the Inte-
rior, be sold amongst themselves.
Mr. STUART. That was the point on which
I wanted information. As 1 understood it at fust,
it would apply to any disposition by an Indian
of any lands he might receive under any treaty;
but. if Jt is only to apply to lands unceded, it is
right.
Mr SEBASTIAN. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer another amend-
ment, as an additional section:
Sec. 7. And be it Jurthcr enabled, That the Secretary of
the Interior he, ami lie is heiebv, anthonzi'd and directed
to pay to such por-on-s of Miami blood :h have heretolore
been excluded irom the annuities ot tho tribe since the re-
moval ot the Miamies in 1840, ami since tin; tre.uyof lrf>l,
and wIhsp names are not included m the supplement to
said treaty, their piopoinon of the tribal annuities liom
winch ttie'y have been excluded ; and he is also aiithonzed
and directed to enroll such person* upon the pay list of said
tribe, and eau-e their annuities to be paid to them in future :
Provided, Tint the foi cgoing payments shall be in lull ot'all
claims for annuities anting out of previous treaties. And
said Secietary is also authoi:zed and directed to cause to
be located for^ueh per-on-5 each two hundied aere  o! land
out of the tract of seventy thousand acre^ icserved by the
second article of the treaty of June 5, 18.V1, with the Mi-
amies, to he held by t-ueh pei«-on^ by the *anie teniae as
the location* of individuals aie held which have been made
under the third aitiele of said treaty.
There is no appropriation from the Treasury in
this amendment. It is a mere inter-tribal regula-
tion between the Miamies of Indiana, and a few
families who have been improperly deprived of
their annuities. It is to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to arrange and adjust the propor-
tion of annuities among them—annuities already
due by treaty.
Mr. HUiNTER. Is this on the recommenda-
tion of the Department?
Mr.SEBASTIAN. The informationisofficial,
and comes from the Department. They enter-
tain no doubt as to the improper exclusion of the
families mentioned in the amendment; but they
do not recommend it. They thought it a matter
properly referable to Congress, and the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs report this as proper legis-
lation by Congress.
Mr. FITCH. It is all right.
Mr. HUNTER. Does ft commit us to make
any appropriation—to take from one tribe to give
to another ?
Mr. FITCH. They are all the same tribe.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This simply extends the
pay-roll of the Indiana Miamies, so as to include
a few families who have heretofore been improp-
erly excluded.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I now present the last
amendment which I have to offer:
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Seriate, one superintendent of Indian
affaire for the Tcmtoiy of Washington—so much of the
third section of the act approved March 3, 1857, as makes
one superin tendency of the Terii tones of Oregon and Wash-
ington to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the *aid
superintendent of Jndian affairs shall receive an annual sal-
ary of $2,500.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. It is to increase these offices.
They were diminished, upon deliberation, by the
last Congress. There were originally two Indian
superintendents in these Territories, I believe, but
\ they were then reduced to one. The expenses of
the Indian department on the Pacific coast are
very heavy, and I sec no necessity for this addi-
tional officer. I hope the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. A word of explanation will
show the necessity of this measure. The first im-
pressions of the Committee on Indian Affairs were
unfavorable to the division of the Oregon and
Washington supermtendrncy; but the committee
investigated the subject, and the Delegates from
Washington and Oregon Territories urged it so
strongly, and afl'ouled, if not such conducing, at
least such plausible, reasoning in favor of the sep-
aration, that we were induced to look more fa-
vorably upon it; and upon conference with the
Secretary of the Interior, we found that his con-
victions were decidedly in favor of its necessity.
We finally agreed to submit the proposition in a
modified form. We believed that if no further
treaties should be ratified with the Indians m these
Territories, the superinteiidency, as at present
constituted, will be ample to dischaige all the
duties; and if the large number of txaties will)
those Indians yet unconfirmed should not be rati-
fied, there will be no necessity for the President
exercising this discretionary power, which we
propose to give him. The amendment does not
provide in terms for the erection of a pew super-
inteiidency ; but, as in the case of Minnesota, pro-
poses to allow the President, whenever he sees a
necessity for it, to appoint a superintendent for
Washington Territory. If the treaties to which
I have alluded should not be ratified, there will
be no necessity for it; if they should be ratified,
lam well satisfied that the amount of duty which
will then be incumbent on this officer will be so
great, and of such a responsible character, that it
will be very difficult for him to attend to it all. I
think it is well enough to give this discretion. It
may meet a contingency wnen the necessity for
as exercise will be obvious to every one, and be
justified by the result. In the modified form in
which the proposition is presented, I hope it will
be accepted by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
Mr. CLAY and others. We will vote it down
without the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I withdraw
the call for the present.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer an amendment to carry
out a treaty with the Pawnees that has been rati-
fied by the Senate since the estimates came in:
Pawnees.—For fulfilling the stipulations in the treaty with
the Pa«vnee> of the 2Uh of September, 1857 :
For lirst of live installments, in good-* and such articles
as may be necessary for them, per second article of said
treaty, $40,000.
For support of two manual-labor schools, during the
pleasure of the President, per third article of said treaty,
#10,Gw.
For pay of two teachers, per thiid article, $1,200.
For election of houses for teaeheis, per third article.
$1,000.
For two complete sets of blacksmith, gunsmith, and tin-
smith tools, per fourth article, §750.
For erection of shops lor smiths, per fourth article, $500.
For purchase of iron, steel, and other neccs?aties for
same, during the pleasuie of the President, per fourth ar-
ticle, $500.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to be a gun-
smith and tinsmith, per fourth atticlc, $1,200.
For compensation of two stukets or apprentices in shops,
per fourth article, ,$480.
For first of ten installments for farming utensils and stock
during the pleasure of the President, per fourth article,
$ 1.200.
For the first year's purchase of stock, and for erecting
shelters for the same, per fourth article, $600.
For pay of a farmer, per fourth article, $-600.
For the erection of a steam grist and saw mill, per fourth
article, $6,000.
For first of ten installments for pay of miller, at the dis-
cretion of the President, per fourth article, §600.
For fir&t often installments for pay of an engineer, at the
discretion of the President, per fourth article, $1,200.
For compensation to apprentices to assist m working the
mill, per fourth article, $503*.
For the erection of dwelling-houses for interpreter, black-
smiths, farmer, miller, and engineer, §500 each, per fourth
article, $3,000.
For the fir^t of three installments for the pay of six labor-
ers, per seventh article, $3,000.
Foi payment to Samuel Allw, m remuneration for hie ser-
vices and for losses sustained by him, per tenth article,
$1,000.
For payment to Ta ra da ka wa. head chief of the Tap-
pah's band, and four other Pawnees, lor their services as
guides, and for losses sustained by them, ($100 each,) per
eleventh atm.'le, $500.
To enable the Pawnees to settle any just claims existing
against them, per twelfth aitiele, $10,000.
For Mirve\nig the exterioi lines of the reseivation pio-
vided in the fii^t amcle, $1,000.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance whether the first $10,000
spoken in the amendment, is to be an annual do-
nation, or whether it is a sum in gross?'
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is to carry
out a treaty recently ratified by the Senate. I
have compared them item by item. It is all
strictly m accordance with treaty stipulations.
Whether the sum referred to is an annual pay-
ment or not, I do not now remember.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. Theamendments were
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the permission of the
Senate to make a statement of fact, which I think
it is due to myself and to others that I should
make. There was a misunderstanding yesterday
between the honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] and the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] which I think was
owing (o an innocent mistake of my own. It will
berccollected that yesterdey, when the bill for the
support of the Army was before the Senate for
consideiation, in remat king upon theamendnient
of the Committee on Finance, which pioposed to
strike out the appropriation for the alteration of
the old muskets into breech-loading guns, I stated
that I had sent the papers to the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs. I beg leave to
say that by that 1 meant that I had sent to him
the papers relating to Burnside's carbine, includ-
ing the letter of the Secretary of War, asking an
appropriation of $45,000 for the purchase of those
arms. I did not intend to say that I had sent him
all the papers relating to thatamendment,because,
in fact, 1 was not aware that any other papers
than those relating to Burnside's arm were in the
possession of the committee. The paper which
was afterwards read here from the Secretary of
War, with the letter of Major Bell appended, had
not been seen by mc up to that time, though it
was among the papers of the committee. It was,
I believe, a statement cut from a newspaper, in
which were set forth the letter of the Secretary "
and the letter of Major Bell. I had not seen them
at that time, and when I said I had sent all the
papers to the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, I said what I supposed to be strictly
true, because I was not aware that any other
papers were in the possession of the committee,
the Secretary's letter, and the newspaper copy
of Major Bell's, having been brought to the com-
mittee room by the clerk of the House Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and not communicated
