1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2828
to the Committee of Finance by the Secretary him-
self.
Now, sir, the Senator from Louisiana was well
warranted, knowing there was such a letter as that
from the Secretary of War, with Major Bell's let-
ter appended, in supposing that I had sent that
letter to the chairman of the Military Committee.
The chairman of the Military Committee having
the papers, to which I have alluded, sent to him
by me, was not apprised of the existence of these
letters, which were known to the Senator from
Louisiana; and it is very manifest that these two
gentlemen were acting under a mistaken view of
the facts, the one not being aware of the letter of
Major Bell and the Secretary's recommendation,
these papers not having been sent to him, and the
other not being aware of the fact, as I suppose,
that the papers which I said I had sent to the Mil-
itary Committee related only to the brecch-loadmg
carbines, it is evident, therefore, that these two
gentlemen were speaking and replying to each
other with a knowledge of a different state of
facts, and it is easy to see how the Senator from
Mississippi mightcohceive that the Senator from
Louisiana was putting him in a false position in
regard to the Secretary, and how he might sup-
pose that the Senator from Louisiana, in the re-
marks which he made, was perverting a plain
statement which the other had made. It isequally
obvious that if both these gentlemen had been
aware of all the facts, they could not have fallen
into the error of misconceiving each other's pur-
poses and remarks.
I beg leave of the Senator from Mississippi to
add that I think there was, in one of his remai ks,
(the second reply he made to the Senator from
Louisiana,) an asperity of tone which would not
have characterized his remarks if he had been
aware of all this. I think, sir, he would not and
could not have supposed that the Senator from
Louisiana intended to pervert anything which he
had said; and I am very sure that if he had known
•all the facts he would have been one of the last
members of the Senate to say anything which
could wound the feelings of the Senator from
Louisiana.
I have felt myself obliged to make this state-
ment— and I have purposely made it brief—be-
cause I think it is owing to the fact that I was not
aware of the existence of a portion of these letters,
and so jf-'d the Senator from Louisiana to suppose
that I had communicated them, as well as the
others, to the Senator from Mississippi, that the
misconception arose.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I did generally
know that the Secretary of War wanted an ap-
propriation to convert muskets into bieech-load-
ing arms. It is, however, true, as stated by the
Senator from Maryland, that I did not know of
the papers which were afterwards read at the
table, and -some of which I heard, I must say with
surprise-, still less was it possible for me to know
that the Senator from Louisiana was not aware
of the character of the paper which had been he-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs, and which
constituted a part of the amendment presented
from that committee. A misunderstanding, I per-
ceive, would verynaturaily result from his knowl-
edge of one set of papers, and my attention and
special knowledge being of a different set of pa-
pers, of which, It seems, the Senator from Lou-
isiana knew nothing.
The Senate will perceive that there is some del-
icacy in my position towards the Secretary of
War, and'that there is some justification in a
sensitiveness on my part towards anything which
would seem to put mem an attitude of endeavor-
ing to undermine a recommendation of his, and
that if all the facts had been known, it couid not
have been that the Senator from Louisiana would
have made the remarks he did unless he was will-
ing to impute to me a purpose to apply an appro-
priation asked for by the Secretary of War to
another purpose, which he did not desire, and to
do that without the knowledge of the Senate.
I have such entire confidence, as well in the
judgment as m the character of the Senator from
Maryland, that I cannot gainsay his opinion that
my manner implied more than my heart meant.
When I used the expression which was taken to
have been in a sneering tone, as to the ^100,009
appropriation, it is due to myself and to others
chat 1 should say there was nothing offensive in-
tended, and I think it is due to myself that 1 should
say I am incapable of committing a wanton ag-
gression on the feelings of any man. I always
feel pained, nay, more, I feel humiliated, when I
am involved in a personal controversy with any-
body. It is my wish with every Senator to hold
friendly and cordial relations. There is an in-
firmity which sometimes may involve me, when
my attention is directed simply to the transaction
ofapublicaifair,into controversies which partake
more or less of a personal character. I regret it
whenever it occurs. Towards the Senator from
Louisiana I had no other feelings than those of
kindness and respect; and it was not until I thought
he exhibited anger towards myself that I felt it.
Then, it i.« true, I intended to be offensive. Anger I
is contagious; the manifestation of it by one is i
very apt to engender it in another. j
The whole "transaction has been clearly pre- j
sented by the Senator from Maryland, and I think |
it is due to the Senate that I should say to them .
that neither on that nor upon any other occasion
have I ever intended, at any time, to bring into
the discussions of the Senate a feeling, if I had it,
which might be manifested outside of the Cham-
ber; and in response to the remaiks of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, I have only to say, that if
my manner is unfoitunate, and is sometimes, as
my best fnendshave toldme,ofacharacter which
would naturally impress others with the belief
that I intended to be dogmatic and dictatorial, it
is the result of the characteristic of my mind, con-
nected with the fact that I have not been trained
to debate. My pursuits have not led me to minute
discussion, and when I get up to address the Sen-
ate, it is but simply to state a conviction; and
when I am matched with ono as skillful, as acute
by nature, and as trained by his profession, as the
Senator from Louisiana, it is but natusal that I
should appear to have been the hasty man m the
debate, whilst he inustluu'c the advantage re.sult-
■ ing fiom ihat skill which his tiaining gives.
; Mr. &KNJAMIN. Mr. President, it is cer-
: tainly a matterof no small embarrassment to reply
publicly to the obsei vations which have been
1 made by the Senator front Mississippi, as well as
: those of the Senator from Maryland. I think I
i may appeal with perfect confidence to my biother
j Senators that upon no occasion have they ever
observed, in my deportment towaids them in the
! Senate, any but the most courteous manner. Pa-
; uent, myself, of any difT"n*nce of opinion in de-
i bate, it is but natural that I should expect a sim-
I ilar forbearance on the part of others, and I have
endeavored, upon all occasions, thai my manner
i towaids my brother Senatoss should be such that
! whilst we differ in opinion upon important sub-
jects, there should bo left no sting behind in the
debates winch might occur between us, that none
but the kindliest and best feelings may exist. I
have listened with great gianfication to the state-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi. I think it
does him honor. 1 will say, sir, that i was utterly
surprised when I found htm charging me yester-
day with misrepresentation of his remarks. That
I surprise has been accounted for this morning, by
i the statement made by the Senator from Mary-
j land. We weie speaking of different papers; we j
were each advised of a different state of facts; and, |
under the circumstances, it is less surpt ising to ;
me now than it was then, that the Senator from ;
Mississippi could, by possibility, have supposed'!
that I was endeavoring to misrepresent his re- :
marks. I will say, further, that 1 did feel at the
time that there was an asperity, an undue asper-
ity, in the manner and tone of the Senator from
Mississippi towards me. Feeling so, it was but
natural, as he himself has said, that I should ex-
press resentmcntin relation to it, tempered, 1 trust,
by that tone of dignity which ought always to be
observed in the Senate, and by that respect for
my fellow-members which it is my desire always
to manifest. I am very much gratified to hear
this morning that his feelings towards me have
been such always as he has stated. I am sure I
have had for him none but sentiments of esteem,
and 1 may add candidly, admiration—I say it
without flattery. I shall be very happy to fmget
everything that has occurred between us, except
the pleasant passage of this moining.
Mr. HAYNli,. I rise, gentleman, in the cause
of humanity, to say but one word. I congiatu-
late the Senate upon the amicable manner in
which this business has been accommodated; and
I would say but a single word, especially in ref-
erence to my young friends, that whenever they
are called to the field in a case like this, let them
always select sensible seconds as their friends,
who, in the first, instance, must decide whether
blood ought to be spilt; and if blood ought not to
be spilt, the responsibility will be upon the sec-
onds. That is ail, sir.
HON. H. M. RICE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the res-
olution of the Senate of the 15th of May, instruct-
ing them to inquire into certain charges made by
citizens of Iowa against Henry M. Rice, a Sen-
ator from Minnesota, have directed me to submit
a report, which I ask may be read.
The Secretary lead the report, as follows:
That, under the authority of the resolution, the commit-
ter procuiod from the War Department and < teewhere pa-
pers exhibiting the facts in the case, and had before them
twenty-two witnesses, who testified under oath as to the
allegations made against Mr. Rice j and. after an examina-
tion of all the testimony adduced, thev do not find that it
fcu^tams any allegation winch imputes criminality to, or
anai£ n> the integrity of, Mr. Rice ; and, finding nothing In
the developments of the investigation which, i  the opinion
of the committee, tend to disqualify him for a seatm'thc
.Senate, tney lieiewuh submit the record in the cas-'e, as a
part of' tlus'repoit, and a- k to be discharged horn the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. KING. As one of the members of the
committee, I deem it proper to state that, having
been present and heard the testimony in the case,
I condemn the management and conduct of the
sale of these lands in December, and therefore
did not concur in the report of the committee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 lise, Mr. President, simply
to say that I could not quite concur in the report
of the committee, for this reason. I think the ev-
idence requires that I should disapprove of the
manner of conducting the sale; but at the same
time, I do not think the proof sustains any charge
of criminality against the agent who conducted it.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I think it due
to myself that I should express my gratification
on learning the result, of the investigation. I do
so in consequence of my previous connection with
it, and because of remark^ made in the Senate on
, a previous occasion, of a peisonal character,
| which 1 thought uncalled for and unjust. I am
j satisfied wi'h'the committee. I believe that the
I investigation has been thorough and impartial,
i and am gratified with the result attained,
j Mr. DAVIS. I move that the report be adopted
and printed.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from th« President of the United
States, hy Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts and joint resolution:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Harriet O. Head,
executrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C. W.
Fanning, of the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Keep, Bard & Co., j.
Caulfield, and Joseph Landis & Co.; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to expend the appropriation made July 8, I85S,
upon such channel of the St. Mary's river as he
may select.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that its
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
An act to repeal the fifth section of an act entfc
tied " An act to authorize the register or enroll-
ment and license to be issued in the name of the
President or Secretary of any incorporated com-
pany owning a steamboat or vessel," approved
March 3, 1825; and ...
An act to change the time of holding the spring
term of the district court of the United States,
for the western district of Texas.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill (H. R.
No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1858, was considered as m
Committee of the Whole. It had been reported
from the Finance Committee with an amendment
to add as an additional section:
