1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
said to Kim that I have no authority to act in this
matter except for myself. I have had no oppor-
tunity to consult with my friends. T want to con-
sult with them. My judgment is, that we are
wasting time. We have wasted "this day, and
we shall waste longer by continuing this matter
in its present shape. I think ifwe go home now,
and get our dinners, and sleep quietly, we shall
come back to-morrow with our nerves in good
condition, prepared to do what is right. I pre-
sume all of us wish to do what is.right. "We can
gain nothing by sitting all night. No Senator has
ever seen good come from a night session. My
experience is considerable, and I never saw any
good come from a night session. I take .it for
granted that every gentleman here, like myself,
desires to do that which he thinks is right.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman if he is authorized to make any agreement
now for the other side, those who are absent as
well os those who are here ?
Mr. CAMERON. Not at all. I have no agree-
ment to make for anybody. Nobody has author-
ized me to do so. Besides, our friends have had
no opportunity to come together and consult. I
take it for granted that if time be allowed we shall
consult, and then some one will be authorized to
speak for us. I can speak now only for myself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There will be
just the same objections to-morrow as to-day
against voting on this measure. It will be said
that we are taking it up first in the Senate instead
of first in the House of Representatives. The cir-
cumstances of the case will not be changed a par-
ticle. We have already exhausted an entire day
on this question, and now I think I perceive pretty
plainly that nearly the only Senators disposed to
quit, at least on the Democratic side, are those
who have consumed the day in speeches. I do
not want to hear them any more, and 1 do not
think there arc any on the Democratic side of the
House who have listened to them to-day, that de-
sire to hear them any more. This is my impres-
sion, and I trust that those gentlemen who have
consumed the day in making speeches, and have
brought us to this hour, will not force us to come
to this hour again to-morrow. I hope the Senate
will not adjourn, and I assure gentlemen on the
other side of the House that if this agreement be
made for to-morrow, they will then be forced to
n vote, if those of us here who desire to get the
vote are a majority of (he whole body. Certainly
we shall sit here and insist on it to-morrow, the
same as we do to-day. Why go through the same
exhaustion and the reiteration of the same argu-
ments to-morrow? Those gentlemen who wish
to give way now, and back out from forcing a vote
at once, which we can have, I think are in the
wrong; and i hope the Democratic side of the
House, those in favor of action, will stay here
until we iiave acted, ft has become wearisome,
and it is idling and trifling with those who are
siting hene iopioposo th«'se agreements now and
delay the question, ff we postpone it, we shall
have the same discussion over again. I think it
is time we should express some of our real feel-
ings.
Mr. CAMERON, i gave way to my inend
from Arkansas, and I desire to any only a word
more.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I really sup-
posed the Senator had got through.
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; T gave way to my
friend that he might say what he desired to say.
I wish to say, m reply, that I have no disposition
to shirk tiiis question, or to get rid of it. If the
gentlemen on the other side think proper to sit
here all night, I shall try to do so. I have pretty
strong nerves, and i can sit here perhaps as long
as anybody. It seems to me, however, that gen-
tlemen on both sides would find it better to go
to-night, and come to-monow morning pre-
:*nivd to act. I have no feeling about this matter
tu ail. i am willing to meet the question now, or
to-morrow, or any other day; and therefore, if
gentlemen on the other side say they will sit up
to night, I, for one, am ready.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say, since the
inquiry has been made, that if the object were
new simply to decide the question which 1 under-
hand to be the pending one—that is, whether we
shMl proceed to consider this report—I should not
be disposed to make any delay or interpose any
obstocie in the way of that, though I do not think
we ought to consider it until we have the bill here.
I am perfectly willing that the Senate shall decide
that point; but if it is understood that, when the
report is taken up, we shall at once consider and
decide it to-day or to-morrow, that is an entirely
different matter. I understood the Senator from
Missouri to say that he expected that gentlemefi
who were disposed to debate it would, in reason-
able time, ana in the manner they thought due to
themselves and to the country, debate it; but it
will make considerable difference with me whether
the object is merely to take up the question for
consideration, or whether it is to come to a final
determination.
Mr. MALLORY. When the Senator from
Pennsylvania made the remark he did as to the
postponement of this question until to-morrow,
I heard the Senator from Illinois suggest that that
proposition was made by way of compromise. It
was with that understanding that I put the inter-
rogatory whether there was to be any hour fixed
to-morrow for taking the vote, because a post-
ponement indefinitely certainly would not be con-
curred in. I supposed he really designed to take
the question at some time to-morrow.
Mr. COLL AM ER. What question?
Mr. MALLORY. The final question.
Mr. CAMERON. The proposition was made
entirely by myself as a single member of the Sen-
ate, and I took it for granted that every gentle-
man supposed so, for I have had no opportunity
to consult, my friends. Whilst I am always glad
to consult my political friends, I sometimes act
for myself. ! say now that 1 think it is bettor for
both sides that we should adjourn; but if the ma-
jority are not disposed to adjourn, I will sit here
as long as anybody else.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
iUr IiRODERICKcalledforthe yeasandnays,
and they wen: oideied; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 37, nays £f>; as follows:
YEAS—Hell, Hiodmek, Chandler, Clark, t'olla-
mer, Cmtenden, Divon, Doolittk, iMuylas, F<js< endcn,
F<Mei, Kni*r, Sewaid, Simmons, Stuart, Wade, and Wil-
son—17.
NAYS—IYf-'^r.-. Allen, Bajaid, Benjamin, Hisrcs, Hii ier,
Blown, (JJay. Kvjuis, Fitzpatriek, (*ioen, Hammond, lions-
ton, ffunter, I verson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ofTen-
nr-M'e. Jones, Kennedy, MaHory, Mason, Sebastian, Sli-
dell, Thomson ol'Nevv Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yuloe
—2o.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. When the Kansas bill waa
under discussion here before it passed the Senate,
it was my misfortune to lead off in what proved
to he a night session. 1 am willing to take that
responsibility now. Though I am no filibuster,
yet I am so determined to maintain that course
of conduct, that line of argument, and that speech,
winch I tlunk proper to the occasion, that I in-
tend now to discuss the question that is before the
body. I propose to discuss it as it arises inci-
dentally; I propose to discuss it on its merits, and
to show, if t can, to the Senate (though I may not
be listened to by Senators) the reasons why this
measure should not betaken up now.
I understand the question, Mr. President, to be
distinctly this: will the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of this report? Am I right, sir ? Is
that the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I propose to discuss that ques-
tion, and I sluill want a cup of tea, perhaps, by
and by. [Laughter.] Now, Mr. President, I ob-
ject to the Senate's proceeding, at this time, to
the consideration of this question, because it is an
unseasonable hour to begin a discussion of this
kind, and I am satisfied we shall accomplish noth-
ing by it. It is nowsix o'clock. There arc some
Senators in discussion here, and other Senators
in discussion there; some Senators are engaged
in discussion on the other side of the Chamber,
and there are other Senatois out theie in discus-
sion. This is a very important measure; eveiv
Senator ought to give attention to it; they will
give attention to it, no doubt, before it passes; but
to the reason why it should or should not pass
nobody will attend. You cannot expect the at-
tention of the Senate, at this time, to a grave mat-
(ter like this. It is not sufficient for gentlemen to
| say, we have made up our minds about this mat-
ter, and are ready to vote.
Mr. President, Senators and legislative bodies
are never so likely to go wrong as when they go
hastily and say they are ready to act upon a sub-
ject. In a grave question like this, we all should
take time to consider. We should have every
paper before us which would give us light on She
subject; we should act upon it when our minds
are calm. It should not be said on that side, that
this is a contest to see which shall pass it first,
the Senate or the House; we want the Senate to
pass it first, and you want the House to pass it
firstj and we are going to have a test to see which .
shall pass it first or which shall hold out the
longest. This is not giving to the measure such
a consideration as it deserves. We should take
time, and come here and deliberately and calmly
discuss and consider this matter, and then proceed
to pass it if we consider it best.
You see around me, Mr. President, the very
best evidence that this is not the time to consider
this subject. I do not wish to interfere with gen-
tlemen, or to complain. We cannot command the
attention of everybody. Any consideration that
I may have to suggest will not find access to every-
body's ear. I do not complain of that; I only use
it as an argument to show that this is not the time
to consider this subject. My honorable friend,
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,]
says he can hear it. I have no doubt he can, be-
cause he pays close attention to everything. My
honorable friends from Connecticut, now that I
have called attention to it, have got their ears open
to it; and my honorable friend, the Secretary of
the Senate, always listens to everything going 011.
But when I look around the Senate, I see another
Senator has got his hat ready to leave; I know
that I must fail to command the attention of every-
body. This only shows that this is no time to
consider the question; and therefore I object, and
strongly object, to taking up the most important
question of this session, and forcing a vote on it
to-night.
Now, to be serious on one point. I want the
attention of Senators a little while on this matter.
I should like, if any members of the committee of
conference are present, that they would give me
their attention, but I do not see any of them in
the Chamber. They have made a report, and, ac-
cording to parliamentary law, they are discharged,
and are gone.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire give way ?
Mr. CLARK. For what?
Mr. CHANDLER. For a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. I would rathergo on now. At
the suggestion of a friend, however, that I had
better give way, I yield the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TOOMBS, and others. It is too late.
Mr. CLARK. Now, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the position in which we are,
and I want to address myself to the calm and de-
liberate judgment of members about me. There
was a bill which passed the Senate some two or
three weeks since, known as the Kansas bill. It
passed this body §fter a long discussion. It then
went down to the other House, and there an
amendment was made to it. The bill came back
to this body, and the Senate refused to concur in
that amendment. It then went back to the House.
The House voted to adhere. Then it came here,
and we at last had proceedings which resulted in
a committee of conference. Now,itis well known,
and it is a well-established position of parliament-
ary law—and I think, Mr. President, you will
sustain me in this—when either House adheres,
and when both Houses agree to any matter in the
bill, it is not in the power of a committe of con-
i ference to strike out what they have both agreed
upon. I think I am right in that. I think all
! parliamentary authorities will show, whenever
I the two Houses agree to anything, a committee of
| conference cannot move tostrikeitout. Afteryour
; bill went from the Senate it had a preamble and
I an enacting clause. It went down to the House,
1 and the House amended it, not by striking out the
j preamble, not by striking out the enacting clause,
i but by striking out all after the enacting clause.
I That was the amendment of the House—striking
I out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
I something after the enacting clause. Then it came
