2824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That none of the
moneys herein appropriated to the Indian service, in the
Territories of Oregon and Washington, shall be paid, until
the claims which they are intended to satisfy shall have
been audited and stated by a commissioner, to be sent to the
said Teriitories by the Secretary of the Interior, and ap-
proved by the said Secretary. The said commissionershall
be appointed as soon as may be practicable, by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to receive a compensation of eight dol-
lars aday and his actual traveling expenses, whilst engaged
in the service herein prescribed; and it shall be the duty of
the said commissioner to examine the vouchers and to take
testimony, if necessary, in regard to the claimsoraccounts
which may be presented against the Government, and to
report the result of his investigation, and his opinion there-
upon, to the Secretary of the Interior, who shall pay such
claims, if he approves them, so far as the appropriations
herein made shall be sufficient for the purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. A word or two of explana-
tion in regard to this amendment. Very heavy
deficiencies have been reported for the Indian ser-
vice in the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton. These deficiencies have been accumulating
for more than a year. Representations are made
by the agents, that, unless these deficiencies be
met, the credit of the Government will suffer; and
that, indeed, there may be danger of incurring the
hostility of various Indian tribes. The Com-
mittee on Finance thought it was impossible,
with the evidence before us, to determine whether
these representations of the agents were true or
not. While they felt on the one side the neces-
sity of providing for all fair expenditures which
looked to the public service there, even although
theie might not have been appropriations to meet
it, on the other side they believed it was due to
the public that some such ch.eck as this should
be provided. We propose to send out a compe-
tent person, to examine and audit the accounts,
and look at the vouchers, before the money is
paid.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the chairman
of the Finance Committee, if this is to pay any
of the war chums ?
Mr. HUNTER. Nothing of (hat sort.
Mr. HALE. Then 1 have not a word to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment at the suggestion of the Delegate from New
Mexico; and 1 appeal to the Senator from Vir-
ginia to allow the bill to pass over informally, so
that I may have time to prepare the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; and the bill will be laid aside.
MAIL STEAMER IHIX.
Mr. TTTTNTER. Then I move to take up the
ocean steamer bill.
The motion was agreed to; and ilia bill (EL 11.
No. 558) making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail, by ocean
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1<3j9, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill had been reported from the Committee
on Finance with amendments, the first of which
was to strike out the following clause:
u For transportation of the mails- fiotn Now Voik to Liv-
eiponl. and back, !^UG,M)0 ; ami il is hcirby piovitled that
tlieie In; paid to the Post Office l)cpaitmrut,out ol said np-
pioprMtion, such sums as may be icqunrd to pioctno the
transportation ot the mails liom New Yotk to Liveipool,
and back, on such days ad the Collins line may (ail to take
tnem from New York,"
and in lieu thereof insert:
Foi lian-poitation ot the mails from New York to Liv-
eipo< l, and bark, in pursuance of the contract with K. K.
<8>lhn-. and others, And it i•? hereby provided,
Tliat, foi such days as the said Collins and othershhall tail
to peijonn said service, the Po^nna^iei (Jeneial !•> authoi-
j/cd to contract with the owner or mviieis of any other
steam vessel or vessels to perioint said 5-eiviee, by trans-
porting the mails from such poir hi the United States to
such p-'t i in (Jicat Britain a-> he may m J ret, and pay there-
for <1 siini efpial to the amount of oeean and tnland po&tasres
reijuned by the United State?. And the Postina-tei Gcn-
ei;il may, with the eonsent of the eontiaetors, change ihe
Kmopean termination of said lontc, under the contract
afuic-aid. fjoni Liverpool to Southampton.
Mr. HUNTER. As a proviso to that, not
from the committee, but on my own motion, I
offer this amendment:
Provided. That«aid contractors pha!l,in ea^e of any pueh
charge, receive for such transportation, instead of the con-
tract puce, the amount of ocean and inland postages re-
ceived by ihe United States.
I will explain the purpose of my amendment.
As the amendment of the Committee on Finance
now stands, we propose to give to those who may
carry the mails, if the Collins line fails to do so,
only the postages. At the same time we propose
to alter the terminus of the Collins line, and to
change it from Liverpool to Southampton, which
is an advantage we give to Collins that we are
not bound to give him. It seems to me that, if
we give him that advantage, he, receiving this
annual stipend under the old contract, he ought,
if he carries the mails to Southampton, to carry
them for the postages; and, because we propose
to confine the Bremen and the Havre lines to the
postages, equality, it seems to me, would require
that, in that event, if we have the power, we
should put the Collins line upon the same terms.
For that reason,! propose, not from the Com-
mittee on Finance, but from myself, to add this
proviso. If Collins chooses to go to Liverpool,
he takes his contract price; but if he chooses to
go to Southampton, it seems to me he ought to
be put on the same terms on which we propose
to put the other two lines.
Mr. SEWARD. The effect of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Virginia will be ut-
terly to defeat all the benefits which could be de-
rived, either to Mr. Collins or the Government
of the United States, by the provision which is
contained in the printed amendment submitted to
the Senate by the Committee on Finance. I wish
to ask whether the amendment the Senator now
proposes to the amendment, submitted by the
committee, has the assent and approbation of the
Finance Committee, or whether it is Ins own dis-
tinct individual proposition ?
Mr. HUNTER. I stated twice that it was my
own amendment,and did not come from the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I wish to hear how far
the Committee on Finance sustains or supports
the views of the mover of the amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I proposed the amendment
originally reported from the committee. I was
perfectly willing that the terminus of the voyage
should be changed to Southampton. I could not
see how the Government would lose by that in
any event. 1 did see, it was true, that it would
be a benefit to the Collins line; it would be less
expensive to them, because it would shorten the
voyage to some extent, and would enable them
to avoid the danger of collision in the difficult
navigation of the Mersey. I was not unwilling
to make this change, because I did not see that
the postal arrangements would be in the least
inconvenienced by it. The contract of the Col-
lins line has not been terminated nor forfeited.
It is not void because they have failed to make
their trips according to their contract. They are
liable to the penalty of the loss of the payment of
each voyage winch they fail to make. A recent
opinion lias been given by the Attorney General
to that effect. We are bound, by the contract, to
make the appropriation, not to be paid to them, to
be sure, unless they render the service; but if we
entered suit against the company, and we failed
to make the appropriation, I take it they might
have a very good defense to our suit. They
stipulated to repay annually one tenth of the ad-
vance oiiginally made, over four hundred thou-
sand dollars; and if they fail to perform any trip
they fail to receive the contract price for that trip,
less its proportion of that tenth.
The Senator from Virginia, if I understood him
aright, seemed to think that this might operate as
an injustice to the Havre and Bremen lines. The
Havre and Ciemen lines have no contract with the
Government now, as I understand; theircontract
is at an end. We propose, however, to allow
them to carry the mails, they taking the postages
in pay. 1 do not perceive that the new arrange-
ment proposed by the Collins line can do them
. any injury. They do not sail on the same days;
they sail on alternate weeks; and I take it for
granted that letters will be sent by the next
steamer following their date, and these lines will
get all the lottery they would under other circum-
stances. No person, i suppose, would delay send-
ing a letter by the Havre or Bremen line, becausc
he knew a Collins steamer was about to go. I
presume, therefore, there will be no injurious ef-
fect from this provision to any other lines at all.
I see no reason why we should not agree to it,
though it is beneficial to the Collins line, it is true.
Although I have not favored that hne as much as
some others, and did not vote for the continuance
i of the large subsidy we gave, it struck me the
misfortunes they have suffered were circumstances
which should naturally induce us to extend to
them the benefit of a provision which will not hurt
the service of the Government, nor, so far as I can
see, damage any other line. I trust the Senate
will agree to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me this is making
an unjust discrimination. The old contract is for
so much per trip from New York to Liverpool.
Now, Collins desires us to change it by giving it a
different terminus, Southampton, which is for his
advantage; that is to say, he asks a new contract.
If we make this new contract, in this respect, it
seems to me we ought to impose the same condition
on him that wo propose to impose on the Bremen
and Havre lines. Our object is, in these amend-
ments, to institute a system of steam lines which
are to be supported by the ocean postages; and in
order to do that we ought to have a fair competi-
tion, and not give the Collins line,which terminates
at Southampton, more than we give the Bremen
and Havre lines, which go by way of Southamp-
ton. Tile Senator from Maryland says he does
not see how this can injure those lines. I think it
is manifest, because those lines are supported, not
merely by postages, but by postages and passen-
gers; and if we pay another line to run to the
same terminus, from New York to Southampton,
of course that line will take a portion of the pas-
sengers, and a portion of the mails, which would
otherwise go by those boats, and I think it would
injure them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the amendment of the
Senatoi from Virginia will be adopted, for a very
satisfactory reason. The amendment, as reported
by the committee, evidently changes Mr. Col-
hns's contract, and gives him all the benefits of
the old contract. You enable him to run to a dif-
ferent point, which is beneficial to him, with a
large subsidy, and you* propose to let him go to
the same place to winch other parties run for noth-
ing. That is not fair.
Has this Collins line any claims on you? In *
the first place, you built a large portion of his
ships which ought to have been paid for at once,
but which, by a fraudulent construction at the
Departments, runs through ten years—nothing
else but a naked fraudulent construction. Then,
by means that everybody knows, after giving
him $387,000 a year, you gave him an addi-
tional sum, I think of $475,000 per annum for five
years—I speak in roundsnumbers. You after-
wards stopped the extra allowance upon notice,
and he stopped running. The Senator from Mary-
land says his contract has not been forfeited. I
say it has never been complied with from the first
day to this hour. There has never been a main
stipulation m it complied with. He never did
build the ships he was bound to build, and what
he did build were to a large extent paid for with
public money. Now, if you aie going to alter
your system, jf you are going to endeavor to carry
your mails as you ought to do for the postages, is
it not unjust, and a mere scheme to break down
the Southampton line, to allow this subsidized
line to run to the same point, taking letters to the
same place ? It is defeating the very policy in-
augurated in the bill, and I presume is intended
to defeat it. That is its effect. You are under
no obligations to Mr. Collins at all. I would for-
feit his contract for non-xt^er, non-performance; I
care not if forty Attorneys General were to say
the contract 13 good. That is my judgment. You
employ a man to carry the mail, and though he
may not carry it for five years, you say that you
must continue to appropriate so as to have money
ready to pay him if he does run. I am amazed
at my_friend from Maryland; and I apprehend
j there is some mistake as to the Attorney Geu-
! eral having made such a decision. It is not car-
rying out the contract in spirit or in letter. Ho
has violated his contract; he never built his ships
according to the original contract; he has come
here, and by various legislation—legislation, too,
at least according to the general impression of
the country, shameful to Congress—has obtained
more than double the original compensation.
Now, after having suspended the trips for more
than a year, after breaking up the contract and
denying his indebtedness to the Government, and
being at this very day indebted to the Govern-
ment in large sums of money for the very build-
ing of his ships, he comes hero and asks you to
give him additional legislative favors, and it seems
