714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
an ample warrant for an inquiry into the conduct
of a member, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether he has done anything worthy of expul-
sion.
So far, I have discussed the question upon prin-
ciple alone, without reference to precedent or au-
thority. Mytimeandopportunitiesfor consulting
authorities have not been such as to enable me
to make any extended reference to precedents.
There is an excellent summary of the principles
governing the powers and privileges of Congress,
with a reference to sundry authorities, in Jeffer-
son's Manual, pages 52 to 56. From this it will
be seen that some very questionable powers were
exercised by the House from 1795 to 1800. The
questions that seem mainly to have been discussed
in those cases, was whether the power of punish-
ing for contempts, whether witnesses or others,
couid be cxercised without an act of Congress
regulating the exercise of the power conferred by
the Constitution. This question has been abund-
antly settled since, by the repeated exercisc of
the power, and by the uniform and concurrent
decisions of the tlouse in every case where the
power has been called in question.
The case of Anderson, which was referred to
in the discussions at the last session, was much
stronger than the one now before the House. In
that case, an attachment was issued against An-
derson for a contempt of the privileges of the
Iiouse, in attempting to bribe a member to make
a favorable report from a committee on a private
Id!. He was arrested by the Sergcant-at-Arms
and brought to the bar of the House, and repri-
manded by the Speaker by order of the House,
and then discharged from custody. He brought
! or condition. I would treat this Boston banker
j precisely as I would treat one of these hod-carriers
I about the Capitol, whether he be black or white.
There is no hardship in the case. All he has to
do is to submit to the laws of the country, as they
are administered by its legally-constituted triou-
: nals, and he is entitled to an immediate discharge.
With this he ought to be satisfied.
I desire to say, that, while I have myself no
inclination to press the House to a hasty decision,
I am not disposed to take the responsibility of
protracting its deliberations upon this question,
and occupying more time than the occasion calls
for.
I take it for granted that this witness intends to
test the power of this House before the judicial
tribunals of the District. Let him try it. While
I do not feel disposed to precipitate the action of
the House, on the other hand I do not feel disposed
to. make myself responsible for an unnecessary 1
consumption of time, and therefore 1 shall move J
the previous question upon the resolutions, know- '
ing that if the House desire a discussion they will
vote it down.
Mr. BILLtNGHURST. I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Ohio to the phrase-
ology of his resolution, and to suggest a slight
amendment.
Mr. RITCHIE. I rise to a point of order. I
believe the previous question has been called, and
no amendment is in order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to hear the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. I am willing to hear it read.
: Mr. BILLINGHURST. I will say, in the
nn fiction of trespass for false imprisonment against 1; mean time, that the House has no power to punish
the Sergcant-at-Arms in the circuit court of the , by
United States. The Sergcant-at-Arms was justi-
fied under the Speaker's warrant. The justifica-
tion was sustained and judgment rendered against
the plaintiff. He took a writ of error to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and the judg-
ment of the circuit court was affirmed by that
court. This decision was made about the year
1818, when the country wns peculiarly free from
political excitement, and when the judges of the
Supreme Court commanded the entire confidence
of the whole country, and the court were unani-
mous. The power exercised in that case was
much more questionable than the ordinary power
exercised by every coutt m the country of im-
a witness for refusing to testify
imprisonment beyond the present session, and
! the resolution upon its face is perpetual lmprison-
! ment.
i The amendment was read as follows—insert
i after the word " committee" near the close of the
I first resolution these words, or until the termin-
ation of the present Congtess."
Mr. STANTON. There is no necessity for ,
(hat; because, if he is in custody when Congress I
expires, he will be discharged on habeas corpus
immediately. !
Mr. MILLSON was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire ,
as to the effect of this resolution. ;
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of uider. If,
the previous question has been called, 1 object to ,
prisoning _ „ ,
The case of Simonton, at the last session, was \ any debate.
precisely hid- this, and I have followed that case |i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the mam ques-
m every particular, except that I propose to com- !, tion is ordered  ,
mit the witness to the jail of the District of Co- || The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir- '
lutnbia, instead of requiring him to be kept in 11 gima [Mr. Millson] has the floor, if debate is m j
close custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms. I have j: order. 1
adopted substantially the resolution offered on
that occasion by the gentleman from Illinois over
the way, [Mr. Harris,] whose authority, I fear,
will not go so far with gentlemen on that side of
the House now as it did at the last session.
The reason for sending the witness to the cus-
tody of the Sei^'-ant-at-Anns was the statement
made I>y you, Mr. Speaker, as a member of that
committee, that, in your judgment, tho jailor
would not be bound to receive him. With all
due deference to your better judgment, I have,
after some reflection, come to a dilTeient conclu-
sion. The jail of this district was built by Con-
gress. It is under the absolute control of Con-
gress, and may be converted into a church or a
distillery, or anything else that Congress may
direct. The expense of maintaining the prisoners
is paid from the national Treasury. The mar-
shal of the United States for the District is ex
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to all discussion.
Mr. MILLSON'. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, and 1 ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, to enable me to do it.
Mr. STANTON. 1 must decline.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the mam ques-
tion be ordered, will not the gentleman from Olno
[Mr. Stanton] be eutitled'to make an hour's
speech ?
Mr. STANTON. Yes; but I do not want to
exercise the right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman docs not re-
port these resolutions from his committee.
Mr. BOWIE. I want to know whether an
amendment is in order now?
The SPEAKER. An amendment is not in
order pending the demand for the previous ques-
i tion.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I move to
officio the keeper of the jail, tie is bound to re- .
ceive into his custody all persons committed to ]j lay the whole subject on the table; and on that I
the jail of the District by any judicial tribunal in I! would like to have the yeas and nays,
the District having power to imprison. This i Mr. SEWARD called for tellers on the yeas and
House, when acting judicially, is such a tribunal; : nays.
and,! have no doubt, if he would refuse to receive ; Tellers were not ordered.
a prisoner committed by the House, that he would i The yeas and nays were not oidered; only
be liable to an indictment for an escape. [I twenty-four members voting therefor.
I see no reason why this party shall not be |i The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
dealt with piecisely as other parties are, who are I: to
found guilty of similar offenses. I have no no- ''
tion of having him feasted at one of the hotels of
the city, at public expense. I am a republican
of the old school, and believe in practicing that
democratic equality which I profess. 1 have no
notion of making distinctions, on account of color
there not !
yeas and i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wen
twenty-four members voting for the
nays ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced twenty-
I four; but that is not enough to order the yeas and
i nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the other
side be counted.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now. The gen-
tleman from Georgia demanded tellers, and tellers
were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I asked for a count
of the other side before the Chair put the ques-
tion on ordering tellers.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and iVlessrs. Searing and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 82, noes 74.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
lay the resolutions on the table; and on that I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 158; as follows:
YEAS-'-Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Avery, Bennett, Blair,
Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Buffinton, Chaffee, Clawson, Bur-
ton Craige, Davis of Massachusetts, Dimmiek, Elliott,
Gooch, Gtovv, Lawrence W. Halt, Hughes, Jewetf, Geoige
W. Jones, Letter, Humphrey Maishall, Maynard, Ciuit-
nian, Robbins, Royee, Sewuid, Samuel A. Smith, Tappan,
Thompson, Trippe, Undeiwood, and John V. Wnght—34.
N AYS— Messis. Ahl, Anderson, Andiews, Atkins, Barks-
dale, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bonham, Branch, Brayton,
Bryan, Binhngame, Buinett, Burns, Burioughs, Case, Ezra
Clark, John B. Ciaik, Clay, Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comm?, Co-
vode, James Craig, Crawfoid, Curry,Curtis, Damrell, David-
son, Davis ofMaiyland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Davis of towa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dow-
dell, Durfee, Edmundson, Farnswoith, Faulkner, Flotenee,
Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, Gtddmgs Gillis, Gilman,
Gilmer, Goodc, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood, Groesbeck,
Robert B. Hall, Hailan, Thomas L. Ilarns, Hatch. Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hill, Iloaid, Hopkins, Houston, Howard,
Hayler, Jackson, Jenkms, J. Glaney Jones-, Kellogs. Kelly,
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Letcher,
Lovejoy, McKibbin, McCiueen, Samuel S. Marshall,Miles,
Millei, Millson, Montgomeiv, Moore, Morgan, MonilK Ed-
waui Joy Monih, Isaac N. Morin, Oliver A. Morse, Molt,
Muuuy, Niblack, Nichols, Paiker, Pendleton, Pettit. Pey-
ton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purvi-
anee, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritclue, RulIiii,Ruf-
; "II, Sandidge, Savage, Scab's, Soaring, Aaton Shaw,
lieiuy M Shaw, John Sheiman, Judson W. Sheiman,
Slio!ter, Sickles, Singleton, Robeit Smith, William Suiith,
Spinnri, Staliwoith, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
rut, Willi,itii Srewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Tompkins Wade, Walbiidge, Waldron, Walton, Waid,
Wauen, Cadwaladm C'. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbuine,
Israel IVtishbutn, Watkuis, White, Win&low, Wood-son,
Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and Zolneoirei— J5B.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions on
the table.
Pendmsr the vote,
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that Mr. Arnold had
b^en called home by sickness in his family.
Mr. HUGHES made a like statement in ref-
erence to Mr. Gregg.
Mr. HARU IS, of Illinois, stated that Mr. La-
mar had to leave the House on account of indis-
position.
Mr. HOARD said: Is it proper to inquire as
to the rif.M't of this vote 5
The SPEMKER. The motion is to lay the res-
olutions on the tub!'\ which, in the opinion of the
Chair, carries the whole subject.
Mr. HOARD. Then I vote " No."
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr. Mason had
to leave the House on account of indisposition.
Mr. CRAWFORD made a like statement in le-
gard to Mr. Silphens, of Georgia.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, stated that Mr.
Wood was detained from the House by indispo-
sition.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being; upon adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. Q,UITMAN. 1 am too unwell to make any
remarks upon this question; and I shall therefore
say in justification of the vote I shall give, that I
do not believe this House possesses the power of
imnrison ment 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MILLSON. If the resolution should be
rejected, would it be in order to reconsider the vote
rejecting the resolution, and then amend it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be in order.
Mr. ADRAIN. Is it too late now to propose
an amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
