1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
Mr. ADRAIN. If the resolution proposed to
commit the prisoner to the close custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, I should be in favor of it; but
it is a pretty high-handed proceeding to commit
a citizen to prison.
Several members objected to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. All], Anderson, Andrews, Barksdale,
Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bonham, Bianch, Brayton. Burhn-
game, Bums, Buuoughs, Case, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark,
Clemens, Chngman, Cobb, Clatk B. Cochrane, John Coch-
rane, Colfax, Coming, James Craig, Ciawfoid, Curtis, Dam-
rell, Davidson, Davi-j of Maiyland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean,
Dewait, Dodd, Duifee, Edmund-son, Elliott, Eustis, Farns-
worth, Paulknei, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gaitrell, Gid-
dtngsGiHis, Oilman,Gihnei, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Robert B. Hall, [Ia'lan, Thomas L. Hani?!, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hill, Iloaid, Hopkins, Houston, Howard,
Huyle.i, Jackson. Jenkins, J. Giaucy Jones, Kellogg, Kelly,
Kilgoic, John C. Ivunkcl, Leach, Lovejoy, McQueen,
Samuel S. MaishaM, Mile-?, Millor, Montgomery, Moore,
Moigan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morn?, Isaac jV. Morris,
Murray, Niblack, Parkei, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Powell, Putviance, Reagan, Rcilly, Rieaud,
Ritchie, iluffin, Russell, Sandidge,'Savage, Scales, Searing,
Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Shoiter, Sickles, Singleton,
Robert Smith,William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson,
.Tamos A. Stewait, Gcoigc Ta>Ioi, Miles Tailor, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walchon, Walton, Ward, Wairen, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, ElhliuB. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, W-ukins, White, Wmslow, Woodson, Augustus R.
Wright, and Zolheoffer—133.
NA YS—Messis. Abbott, Adram, Atkins, Aveiy, Bennett.
Blair, Bocock, Bowie# Boyce, Biyan, Bufiinton, Burnett,
Campbell, CbalTce, Clawson, Clay, Cockerill, Covodc, JUir-
ton Craige, Curry, Davis of Iowa, Dowdell, English, Gooch,
Goodwin, Giow, Lawrence W. Hall, Hughes, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Leitcr,
Letcher, Ilumphiey Mais-hall, Maynaid, Millson, Fiooman
TI. Morse, Nichoh, Pendleton, Q,uitman, Ready, Robhine,
Royce, Sewaid, Henry M. Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, Stall-
woith, Wil'iam Stewair. Tappan, Thompson, Trippc, Un-
derwood, Walbiidge, and John V. Wnght—55.
So the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions weie adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question now being on the adoption of the
preamble,
Mr. STANTON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The preamble was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved that the vote by which
the preamble was adopted be reconsidered; and
aho moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
is to be done wnh the witness?
1 he SPEAKER. He is in the custody of the
Serj; eant-at-Arms.
M.\ LETCHER. I thought he was delivered
by the Sergeant-at-Arms into the custody of the
llouse.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the Ser-
geant-at-Arms will attend to him.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed thejoint reso-
lution of the Hous*1, malting an appropriation to
pay the expenses of the committees of investi-
gation raised by the House of Representatives.
MICHIGAN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolutions of the State
of Michigan, which were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed:
Joint resolution in favor of the passage of an
act of Congress making an appropriation for the
improvement of certain harbors;
Jointresolution relative to the extension of sla-
very;
Joint resolution in relation to granting the pub-
lic lands of the United States to actual settleis;
Joint resolution relative to a northern Pacific
railroad;
Joint resolution relative to an appropriation of
a grant of land for the endowment of the Mich-
igan Agricultural College; and a
Joint resolution for the protection and perma-
nent security of the St. Mary's Falls ship-canal.
REGISTER AT VrNCENNES.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
continue the officc of register of the land office, at
Vincennes, Indiana; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
AMMON L. DAVIS.
Mr. ZOLLI COFFER, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill for the lehefof Amnion L. Davis, amail con-
tractor from Nashville to Memphis, Tennessee, for services
performed under the oider of the Post Office Department,
for 1854 and 1855.
TWO PER CENT. LAND FUND IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill giving
the assent of Congress to a law of the Missouri
Legislature, for the application of the reserved
two per cent. land fund of said State; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
RHODE ISLAND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BRAYTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the State of Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations, instructing
their Senators, and requesting their Represent-
atives to vote against the admission of the State
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the read- !
ing of the resolutions. I
The resolutions were read, laid upon the tabic, j
and ordered to be printed. |
ENTRY" OF LANDS. |
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, by unanimous con- ;
sent, and m pursuance of previous notice, intro- j
duced a bill supplemental to an act entitled " An .
act granting to certain citizens of the State of
Missouri, the right to enter certain lands in the ,
Plattsburg district in said State," approved July -
3, 185G; which was read a first and second time, i
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands, j
OHIO RIVER IMPROVEMENT. j
Mr. GROESBECK, by unanimous consent, |
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced !
a bill for the improvement of navigation at the |
falls of the Ohio river; which w.is read a first and I
second time, and refened to the Committee on j
Commerce. j
ABROGATION OF THE RECIPROCITY TREATY, j
Mr. MORRILL offered the following resolu- I
tion; which was read,and by unanimous consent
considered, and agreed to: ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Aftairs be in- 1
stiuctedto mquiio into !lie o\ptdiency ot abiogating the ,
late 'o called rocjpioeit} lieary with Groat Britain, and
whether the same due.- not opeiate disastrously upon the ,
timbei and gtam-growni? legions of the United States, as 1
well ai> against Auieiican interests generally. |
IOWA LAND GRANT. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, askod the consent of'
the House to introduce a bill making a grant of '
land to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, !
to aid in the construction of a railroad in said
State from McGregor, on the Mississippi river, i
to the western ime of said State. j
Mr. HUGHES objected, I!
ADMINISTRATION OF OATHS. ji
Mr. BOWIE asked the unanimous consent of,!
the House to take from the Speaker's table the '|
bill from the Seriate, to authorize notaries public i'
to take and certify oaths and affirmations and ac- !■
knowledgments m certain cases. !:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the read -
ing of the bill J
The bill was road in extenso. i!
Mr. BOWIE. One word, Mr. Speaker. I wish !j
to express my opinion of this bill. 'j
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
House that the gentleman desired to take up the jj
bill for reference only. ;j
Mr. BOWIE. For reference only; but I want!
to state the object I have m view in that reference. !
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that de- j
bate is hardly in order. !
The bill was read a first and second time. I
Mr. BOWIE moved its reference to the Com- ,
mittoc for the District of Columbia. S
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand ;
this bill, it applies to the administration of oaths
by notaries all over the United States. If that be
true, the bill ought to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary; and I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The memorandum on the
bill shows that it was considered by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia in the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My impression
is that it applies to the United States courts, and
I insist upon my motion.
Mr. BOWIE. It is a bill, in my judgment,
peculiarly for the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The amendment to Mr. Bowie's motion was
agreed to; and, as amended, the original motion
was agreed to. So the bill was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
KANSAS LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, asked unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform this House whether any money has been paid out
of the Tieasury of the United States during the fi-cal year
ending June 30,1857, for the expenses of any Legislatuie or
alleged Legislative Assembly in the Temtoiy of Kan-fv;
and if so, under what act or provision of law and from whet
funds said money has been paid.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended to enable him to offer the res-
olution.
And then, on motion of Mr. Warren, the
House (at ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 1G,1858.
Prayer by Rev. C. C. Meadoh.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communicat-
ing, in pursuance of law, statements showing the
number and designation of passengers arriving in
the United States on ship-board during the year
J857; which was, on motion of Mr. Stuart, or-
dered to lie on the table; and a motion by him to
print it was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of An~
thony Casio, otherwise called Castle, a soldier in
the last war with Great Britain, praying to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Sam-
uel II. Taylor, asking for additional compensation
as messenger and laborer in the office of the Third
Auditor during the years 1853, 1854, 1855, and
1856; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, m favor of the adoption of
more efficient measures for protecting the citizens
of that State against Indian depredations,and in-
demnifying them forpropcrty stolen or destroyed;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Co-
lumbus, Texas, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from thai place to George Wald-
man's, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Texas, in favor of a mail route from
Marshall, Harrison county, to Dallas, in Dal/as
county, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying for the adoption of measures for
the preservation and elevation of the American
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Martin
Layman, praying permission to enter a quarter
section of land, on which he has settled and made
improvements, in Minnesota, before the surveys
of the Governmcntldnds in thatTerritory; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DURKEE presented a petition of certain
inhabitants of Madison, Wisconsin, piaying for
the adoption of measures for extinguishing sla-
very; which was ordered to lie on the table.
