1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2825
that by some means or other they are always to
be had. I say, by some means or other,Collins
legislation generally gets through Congress; and
•when, from the very beginning to this hour, he
has complied with no part of his contract.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if there has
been any thing wrong, as isintimated by the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, in the past legislation
■with regard to the Collins steamers, I am very
sure that time, which generally corrects all errors,
will show that the fault was less with Collins than
with the Congress of the United States, and that
the misfortunes which have followed that error
have fallen chiefly upon him, and not upon the
United States. That is a transaction of the past.
That was legislation by which Mr. Collins, under
an agreement to expedite the carrying of the mails
in the passage of steamers across the ocean, both
ways, so as to excel the speed of the British
steamers, and of all other steamers on the ocean,
and so to make a triumph in ocean steam nav-
igation for the United States, was to receive an
addition for a voyage to the stipulated price con-
tained in the original contract. Accidents and
disasters of the most fearful kind, destructive of
his property and of his wealth, and even of his
family, broke down that enterprise, while Con-
gress withdrew the additional compensation; and
the question now comes before us independent of
all that subsequent transaction, upon a simple
proposition to provide the money to enable the
Government to pay the price originally stipulated
to Mr. Collins for performing the very service
stipulated in the original contract. That is the
amount proposed to be appropriated by this bill.
There could be no objection to it unless Congress
were prepared to declare the contract forfeited,
and to arrest the transportation of the mails by
that line altogether. The committee do not pro-
pose that, the Government do not propose it, no-
body proposes it. On the contrary, the Attorney
General declares the contract to be in force; the
Government recognizes it to be in force. Collins
is prepared to go on in performance of his con-
tract. He simply asks for the mojiey which the
Government has stipulated to pay for the services
which are to be peiformed during the year while
he is performing the contract; but, at the same
time, Mr. Collins represents to Congress what,
indeed, they very well know outside of any rep-
resentations of his—that this contract has proved
a losing one—a failing one. The company which
he represents, even with the large gratuity they
for a time enjoyed, have never paid the stock-
holders one cent of dividend. The stock is ex-
hausted; the ships have been seized and sold for
debt. There is no money to be made by the
transaction, and i't is difficult to determine whether
the mails can be carried at all according to the
strict terms of the original contract, while the ex-
perience we have had in the last year of opening
them to competition, has proved that they cannot
be carried m any other way more certainly, more
speedily, or more promptly.
Mr. Collins asks, in view of these circum-
stances, that the contract may be so modified that
he may have leave to shorten his voyages, by
stopping at Southampton, a matter which the
officer at the head of the postal service has ex-
amined, which the Committee on Finance have
examined, and which they unanimously agree
will not diminish the value of the service to the
United States in the least, while it will render the
performance of his contract easier, and enable
him to go through with it. Why should it not
be granted ? Why should the United States not
allow this concession which will, when it is made,
only secure more effectually a certain and speedy
transportation of the mails, attaining all the pur-
poses of the original contract? I can see none.
So far as the question arises whether you shall
regard the contract as forfeited, no one is prepared
to say that he does not want the mails carried;
no one is prepared to say he does not want the
mails carried by this line; 110 one is prepared to
say that if they are not carried by this line, they
must fall as they originally were, into the care
and management of the British Government al-
together. It is one of those concessions which
are beneficial to a citizen of the United States,
and cost nothing whatever to the Government.
What can be the unfairness towards the other
line—the Bremen line? The Bremen line had a
contract as Mr. Collins had, for a term of years.
That contract expired. They have no claims in
law on the Government of the United States.
Their contract was continued for one yearby the
Government, and no more, and has terminated.
In law they have now no claim on the Govern-
ment of the United States to carry these mails at
all. The Government, as I understand, proposes
to begin with them a new arrangement, by giving
them the carrying of the mails for the postages
received from the mails. So far, so good. I have
doubts about the success of that experiment with
that line; but is it not enough to try it with that
line? We are under no obligations to give them
any better terms, because we are under no con-
tract to do so; but here is our contract with Mr.
Collins to pay the sum which is stipulated in the
bill;and the facts of the caseshowthat if we pay
this sum, and allow him the concession of short-
ening the voyage, by stopping at Southampton,
instead of going off to the Mersey to deliver his
mails, it will be no inconvenience whatever to the
United States, this line will be restored, reinvig-
orated, perfected, and we shall attain all the ad-
vantages we ever expected to derive fiom it. If
not, the whole enterprise may fail, and we shall
be without any regulations, besides having failed,
according to my understanding, in carrying out
the letter of our contract. Sir, there have been
misfortunes enough on this enterprise, which has
been conducted by very valuable citizens, who
have done a great deal for the country. If there
have been faults and errors, it will be found that
Mr. Collins has been far more sinned against than
sinning, and he has been more unfortunate than
the Government which has employed him 111 its
service.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have one remark to make in
reference to the extraordinary argument of the
Senator from New Yoik. He speaks of breaking
faith with Mr. Collins. I do not understand that
the Government breaks faith by not choosing to
alter a contract against its policy or iis interest.
That is all there is involved in the amendment.
The amendment is that we shall allow him to
shorten his line, and go to Southampton instead
of Liverpool, to go to the very point where the
Government is now attempting to build up a line I
which must rely exclusively on its business, as it
ought to rely on its freights and letters for pay. I
We are asked to pay §387,000 a year to Collins 1
for running to that point and breaking down the j
very policy that the bill seeks to inaugurate. We i
are breaking the faith of the Government! The j
amendment of my friend from Virginia leaves the j
appropriation, (which I shall vote against,) and [
only provides that if his contract be altered, so ,
as to allow him to go to this place, he shall go on |
the same terms as the other lines; that is only to j
compel him to carry out the contract as he made j
it. Wo have already altered the contract to the j
extent I stated before, and I think gave him above j
two millions of money—more than the value of i
the ships he lost. We gave him that much extra |
compensation, which would be more than the
value of his ships, even if he had no insurance.
The result only shows that he was incompetent •
to the business. I do not rely upon the statement '■
that the stockholders have not been paid any- ,
thing. 1 do not know where the money has gone,
but I think it is a general rule that money badly
got is badly spent. Samuel Swartwout died in- >
solvent, though he robbed the Treasury of hull- ,
dreds of thousands of dollars. 1 believe it is the
general result of all such money; it conies over !
the devil's back and goes under his belly; and that,
is where it ought to go. There is wisdom in the ;
proverb. I hope that will be the result of all
attempts improperly to get money out of the public i
Treasury—that there will be an avenging Nemesis |
that will follow him who is improperly plundering [
the public Treasury, and visit him with the se- j
verest penalties that Providence can inflict. !
I say the amendment of the Senator from Vir- j
ginia does not in any way affect this man's con-;
tract. I do not believe the contract has any va- j
lidity; but the amendment leaves it where it is. i
It leaves those who are willing to carry your mails .
to England for the postages and for the freights, '
as a business transaction, without competitors;,
but now, in order to defeat them, you propose to '
give greater privileges to this monopoly that you ;
have fattened, unavailingly, for eight years; that i
you have given millions upon millions to. Now i
you propose to give it $387,000 a year to break :
down the only wise and just system, in my judg-
ment, that the country ought ever to adopt on this
subject. I have heard enough ofthe talk about the
mastery of the seas; I have heard enough about
beating England. That was the pretext under
which millions of public money were squandered,
a few years ago, in this contract. That is all over
now. If England will carry my letters for twenty-
five cents, and I cannot carry them myself for less
than half a dollar, I will let her do the business;
and if I was her enemy, I would give her as much
of it as I could; for there is certainly no money to
be made at that. We paid Mr. Collins for the five
years he run twice as much as the British Govern-
ment paid Mr. Cunard;and yet you sayhe is in-
solvent, and has broken down under it. We paid
him as much for twenty-six trips as the British
paid for fifty-two; and yet he broke down under it.
That his ships went to the bottom may have been
the result of mismanagement. I have generally
found, in all the ordinary business of life, that bad
luck generally followed bad management. He does
not present himself to the country as a very fa-
vorable contractor. If you want to make a con-
tract to maintain your equal supremacy on the
seas, I would advise you, at least, to get a lucky
man; and, in getting a more competent one, you
will be apt to get a more lucky one.
Mr. SLWARD. 1 wish to show to the Sen-
ate the conclusion of the opinion of the Attorney
General on this subject. He says:
" Inasmuch as they have kept their covenants literally,
and there is no evidence that can justify a suspicion of bad
failh, I see nothing in the ca^e on which I can rest my con-
science in advising von to withhold frotn them the money
winch the Government lias ptomised to pay tliem."
That is the report of the Attorney General. All
the misfortune there is in this case results from
the fact that it is left for Mr. Collins to suggest
this change in the contract so as to allow him to
stop at Southampton, instead of the Postmaster
General; for it is more to the advantage of the
United States than it is to Mr. Collins. It costs
the United States nothing and secures to them
greater benefits, as it does to him. By this ar-
langemcnt the mails will reach London twelve
hours sooner, by stopping at Southampton, than
they would if he was obliged to carry them, ac-
cording to the original contract, to Liverpool; and
the mails for Pans will reach that capital twenty-
four hours sooner than th#y would if the contract
was preserved in its original shape; and the Gov-
ernment of the United States saves twenty-five
percent, upon the postages by transferring the
mails for the continent at Southampton, instead
of carrying them through England. Passengers
for the continent also gain time by this arrange-
ment.
Mr. CAMERON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance, it is proper I should say that
1 voted for this change in Mr. Collins's contract,
and I believe the committee were unanimous in
making the alteration. I think there were only
two gentlemen in the committee who had any
doubt's about its propriety. We considered it not
as giving any particular advantage to Mr. Collins,
not as taking anything ftom the Government at
all, but as allowing him to stop at Southampton,
by which he will save a day, and by which he
will be enabled to continue hi<? line in operation.
It is understood that unless he be permitted to
stop at Southampton instead of Liverpool, the
line must cease, and the effect will be to reduce
the number of lines across the ocean, and mater
'riaily injure the commerce and traveling people
of this country. The Government can lose noth-
ing, but will gain by the change. Why, then,
should it not be made?
We have nothing now to do with the former
legislation in regard to Mr. Collins. If it were
proposed now to make such a contract, and I was
called upon to vote to pay for establishing lines
of this kind, I might not be disposed to do so;
but this contiact is upon us, and the question is
whether these ships shall not, or whether they
shall be used for the benefit of the country?
whether the creditors of Mr. Collins, who have
purchased them, shall be enabled to use them, and
receive, dunng the existence of the contract, a
portion of the debt duo from Mr. Collins to them,
thus paying them and relieving Mr. Collins of a
portion of his burdens ? It is a fact that that gen-
tleman entered the service of the country one of
the richest merchants of No w York, and he is now
