1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
back and went in that shape to the committee of
conference; and then it was not competent for that
committee to strike out that preamble. It was
here, and went down to the House and came back
without controversy. That was agreed to; but
what does your committee state ? Here is a point,
a clear point. Your committee of conference meet
and confer, and vote to substitute an amendment
for the House amendment—not for the bill as
passed by the House—that is not it; but they
recommend, in their report, a substitute for the
amendment of the House—that is the language.
It is not for the House bill, as amended; but they
have agreed upon an amendment m the nature of
a substitute for the House amendment to the Sen-
ate bill; that is, they recommend to the Senate to
strike out the amendment put in by the House,
and to put in this. Well, sir, suppose you do that:
you strike out the amendment recommended by
the House; you adopt this; and then you have a
bill with two preambles and two enacting clauses.
That is the exact position in which the matter will
stand if you adopt the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator give way for
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. CLARK. I yield.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. BRODERICK. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Several Senators. Withdraw the call.
Mr. BRODERICK. I withdraw the call.
Mr. TOOMBS. I renew it. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Uoohttle, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, King, Sim-
mons, Wade, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Clay, Fitzpatrick,Green, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, lver-
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Sebastian, Slide]!, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the gentleman will give
way for a moment, I wish to say one word. I
understand gentlemen on the other side to say
that no adjournment shall take place until this
question shall be taken. If that is their determ-
ination, I can assure them, that no adjournment
will take place until the 7th day of June. When
1 say that no adjournment shall take place until
that time, I mean what I say. I propose to take
a recess until nine o'clock, and I advise gentlemen
to bid farewell to their families for thirty days be-
fore they come back. I move, therefore, to take a
rcccss, or rather to postpone the further consider-
ation of this subject until nine o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator to give way
for a few moments.
Mr. CLARK. I yield.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until
half past twelve o'clock on Wednesday, with the
understanding—which I think we can all agree to
—that we shall have two days' debate at least in
regard to the matter. We shall have to-morrow
to attend to our business here. We can then take
up this subject at half-past twelve o'clock on
Wednesday, and I think on Wednesday or Thurs-
day we may determine this question. It is un-
derstood that the Senator from Kentucky desires
to be heard; the Senator from Vermont, who is
on the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Colla-
mer,] also wishes to be heard; and there are sev-
eral other Senators who probably will desire to
make brief speeches upon the subject. I think
that if the question can be postponed to Wednes-
day next, giving us a few hours for reflection,
and then be taken up, we can settle it before the
adjournment of the Senate on Thursday. I have
no doubt that it can be done within that time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. WILSON. We shall then be able to take
the question, and this matter will be settled peace-
ably. It is a troublesome question in itself; it is
one that excites intense interest in the country,
and a great deal of feeling here, and it is not worth
while to borrow trouble respecting it. I think this
is a fair proposition.
The Senator from Michigan has said,and said
truly, that, if an attempt is made to force the
question, it cannot be taken. You know, gentle-
men, that you cannot force this question. There
is not a man among you that does not know we
can sit you out here. We can sit here longer
than you can. Every man of you knows it. We
have tried it one night, and you had to give in
then. If you should try it now, you would have
to give in again. I do not say this in any spirit
of unkindness. It is what every man in this
Senate knows. Ten men can hold this Senate
here for thirty days. There is no doubt about
that on either side. Therefore, it is not worth
while to enter into a contest of that kind. It
would do no sort of good, but would create un-
kind feelings, and make an exhibition not credit-
able to any of us. We have consumed this whole
day on the point of order in regard to taking this
matter up. Let us have this question taken up
at half past twelve o'clock on Wednesday next.
I think we can settle it on Wednesday and Thurs-
day; and all gentlemen who desire to be heard on
the ciuestion can say what they please, and we
can then take the vote. Everybody knows prac-
tically what the result of that vote in this body
will be; and we shall thus spend precisely two
days upon this question. If we go on to-night,
no vote will be taken. There will be no voting
or speaking on this question until half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow. Then why should we con-
tinue in session here, and occupy more time than
we should in having the matter amicably adjust-
ed, by which we can have the question fairly un-
derstood, so that Senators can express their views;
and it can be done to the satisfaction of both sides
of the Chamber ?
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to make a remark.
Mr. CLARK. I yield the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I understood, from two or three
members on that side of the Chamber, that they
had no right, no authority to make any proposi-
tion or any terms; and if the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes Wednesday, if he has no au-
thority, what will come of it? It will amount to
just nothing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. GREEN. I will allow anybody.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose, when a Senator
rises here, and makes a proposition, he makes it
for himself, and he waits to sec if the two sides
agree to it. If they do not agree, there is an end
of it. If they do agree, then it becomes binding
on the two sides. I would feel at liberty to rise
and make a suggestion in regard to the arrange-
ment of matters. If it should not be accepted,
there is no harm done. This proposition, 1 sup-
pose, is made in that spirit.
Mr. GREEN. There is nodifficnlty about that.
I made a proposition, and Senators on the other
side said, " We cannot say anything about that,
because we have had no time to consult; we ba-te
had no opportunity to confer together." Now the
Senator from Massachusetts makes a proposition.
Has he had time to consult ? Is it made by au-
thority? We want a specific understanding. The
undei standing that the question shall be disposed
of on Wednesday is not acceptable to this side of
the Chamber. 1 do not really think, personally,
(though, as I said before, i will not separate from
my friends,) that it would be policy to protract
this session to-night if we can come to an agree-
ment that we shall take the vote to-morrow, leav-
ing a fair opportunity for discussion, if discussion
is desired. I make that suggestion. I make no
offer.'
Mr. WILSON. We have had no meeting or
consultation, but I have spoken with several of
those with whom I act; and I think they will as-
sent to the proposition I made with great readi-
ness. The Senator knows that we had a contro-
versy on this question when it was up before.
There wasagreat hurry to press the matter. We
made an arrangement that was satisfactory all
around, and both sides labored with all zeal to
carry out that understanding.
Mr. GREEN. It was carried out in good faith.
Mr. WILSON. Why can we not have the same
thing now ? It will be remembered by the Senate
that after we made that arrangement, for some
days after it was settled, we adjourned at three or
half past three o'clock. There .was no particular
hurry then. Now weafe crowded with business;
we have an abundance of it. Let us go to work
to-morrow on our business, arid Wednesday and
Thursday can be' devoted to the consideration of
this subject. We can thus' have it settled.t6 the
satisfaction of Senators all around. There afe
Senators who desire to make brief speeches on it.
I know some who intend to speafi on it. I hope
the Senator from Missouri will consent to have
the matter settled in this way. It can do'him no
good to sit out this matter to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. I will add to what has been
said by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, that, if this question is postponed until Wed-
nesday, I, and other gentlemen with whom I act,
will go into it in good faith. There will be no un-
necessary speaking. Of course, gentlemen will
desire to speak on a question of so much import-
ance, and they cannot be controlled; but I think
there is a disposition to get it through as soon as
possible.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. Why is there such a special
desire to postpone it until Wednesday? Why not
take it to-morrow?
Mr. CAMERON, f will answer that, if the
Senator from Geoijia will permit me. To-mor-
row we want to reflect on this subject. All of us
have some matters which we think of importance,
that we may desire to present. I am here with-
out any authority from anybody else, but I think
1 can speak for them. The desire is not to get
any unnecessary time. I ask the Senator from
Georgia, in answer to his question, why there is
such a great desire to dispose of it to-night? Has
he got any sinister or improper motive ? I take
it he has not. I do not think he would desire to
impugn my motives, as I would not his. I de-
sired this question to be brought up for three days
last week, as I was desirous to have it disposed
of; but Senators on that side said, put it off until
next week. This week has come, and it is now
proposed, to continue its consideration through
this whole night. I am opposed to night sessions,
and I prefer sitting in the daytime. In corrobo-
ration of what has been said by the Senator from
Massachusetts, in support of his motion to post-
pone until Wednesday next, I will say that the
honored and venerated Senator from Kentucky,
whom we all so much respect, has not made up
his mind on this subject. On Wednesday wo
could come together, and, like gentlemen having
one common object in view—the good of our
country—begin and get through with it as soon
as we can. You cannot expect it sooner.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say that there is
no reason within my knowledge for any unneces-
sary delay in taking a vote on this question. All
that 1 desire is, simply to have time to make com-
parison of bills, and prepare to make, perhaps,
half an hour's speech, and then I am ready, in-
dividually, to discharge all further connection that
I have with this subject. I would rather it would
go over until the day after to-morrow, and then I
want half an hour—it may possibly run a little
beyond that—to make a few remarks. 1 have no
desire beyond that for delay. I do not believe
there is any advantage, pro or con., in delay. I
do not believe that delay is sought for any such
purpose. The Senator from Kentucky expressed
the same wish so far as he was concerned. He is
now absent to get his dinner, and he will return
here again. The question is, whether we shall be
thrown into a discussion upon a new bill when
we are exhausted and worn out, and are not pre-
pared to do justice to ourselves on the subject? I
do not think we should be. I am not willing to
be thus forced. I may have been under a misap-
prehension, but on Saturday I did understand—I
suppose from what he said to me afterwards I un-
derstood him erroneously—the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
for whose opinions I have the highest respect, to
say that it was in order then to go on and make
the report, and that if the objection were made
without the bill being here, it would be valid.
Mr. HUNTER. I said no such thing. The
Senator is entirely mistaken. On the contrary, I
