1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
.said we planted ourselves on the custom of the i
Houses, which was to go on and report without |
the bill. ■ |
Mr. DOUGLAS. So the Senator informed me
in private conversation afterwards, and conse- ,
quently I stated that I misapprehended him, al- ;
though several Senators understood him in the j
same way. I understood his colleague to express !
similar opinions. I understood the argument of
the Senator from Pennsylvania to express the <
same opinion, and I therefore came here without
the slightest expectation that any vote would be
reached on this question to-day 1 never dreamed
that it would be taken. I thought the law so clear,
and was admitted to be so clear, that the bill was
in the other House, and that we should have to
wait until it was acted on there, that when I came
here I was taken totally by surprise by seeing
this question under consideration. I know that
other genilemen, quite a number, with whom I
have spoken, thought so too. Then it was nat-
ural, when the motion was taken up, believing,
as I do, and as others do, and as men on both
sides do, that it is a violation of law to act with-
out the bill, of course we made that point If the
Senate overrule that, we want time, reasonable
time—one day—to look into the question, and
then to be allowed a reasonable discussion of the
question. I have not the .slightest idea that this
discussion will last beyond two days, as inti-
mated by the Senator from Massachusetts But,
sir, 1 cannot admit that it is consistent with duty
to ourselves to be forced suddenly into a discus-
sion of this question on a totally new bill, involv- ,
ing new matter, and propositions and principles
not embraced in either of the other bills, to-night,
when we are all exhausted, and have been with-
out time for preparation. I think it is unfan ; and
I shall feel bound, with all due respect, to resist
that coercion, if it is forced upon us If we should
postpone this subject until Wednesday, it would
give us time for reflection, and two days for do-
bate; and I would be willing, for one, to say that
I would sit it straight out until the vote be taken
upon it. I want no unnecessary delay.
Mr, TOOMBS. This debate is all out of order,
but I do not wish to seem to be discourteous; but
1 give notice that I shall oppose all these treaties.
The reason why we are worn out to-night is be-
cause gentlemen on the other side will not lot us
take the vote. I have been sitting here from twelve
oV.Ioek to-day until now, almost seven o'clock,
and 1 will sit here as long as my vote will keep
the Senate here, until the discussion of tins ques- ,
tion shall have ended and we shall have the vote. ;;
i presume everybody understands this subject. |:
As for the argument of physical exhaustion, do ;i
Senators suppose they can sitheieand do as they i
please without opposition? 1 wili sit here and j
make it a question to-night, and put a iiile m '
operation by which the majority shall govern it- 1
self; bui I apprehend that the courtesy or weak- j
ness of political friends would fail to do that. As !
far as I am concerned, I shall vote here until the 1
question is taken on the motion, i do not see 1
anything in these reasons. Thoie is no peculiar !
novelty in this bill. The report came in on Fu-
day. Everybody understands a very well; and
I have no idea, if you were to discuss it from now
until the last trump sounds, that you w ould change
a vote on this floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be that votes would
be or would not be changed, but I have heard
speeches made here by Senators when they did
not expect to change a single vote. I have known
Senators to make speeches when they thought
it due to themselves, to their constituents, and to
the position they occupied befoie the country, to
explain ihe reasons for their vote. Hence I have
known speeches to be made that were not ex-
pected to change a vote. I believe I have seen
the Senator from Georgia make speeches when he
had not the slightest idea of changing a vote by
them. If he expects to change votes every time
he speaks, he has more hope in the changeability
of the Senate than I have. But I think tiiat rea-
sonable time should be given for debate where
there is no wish or disposition to abuse the time;
where there is no factious delay intended; where
every assurance to that effect has been given.
I d" not understand why wc are to be forced to
a decision to-night 1 have nothing to say about
physical endurance; I have no threats to make.
I never sa*<* it resorted to where both parties did
not think they had performed a very foolish act
before they got through with it. I predict, now,
that if we shall continue this session, and sit here
until to-morrow morning, to-morrow morning we
shall find that we have accomplished nothing, but
are worn out and exhausted, and have been guilty
of childish play, instead of yielding at'the reg-
ular hour to an adjournment We shall save time
by doing it; all of us will occupy a better posi-
tion before the country; we shall feel better our-
selves, and we shall expedite the public business;
we shall feel that we have performed our duty to
ourselves and to our country better by doing so.
I think it unwise in us to suffer our passions to
be aroused to the determination to sit it out on
this side, or sit it out on that side. I confess I
do not feel that it would be right to force me to
give a vote on a question of this kmd, without an
opportunity of explaining my views and my rea-
sons for the vote—not to go back to old questions
which have been discussed, but to confine myself
to this one proposition. I would not deem it right,
at this hour of the night, to be forced into a dis-
cussion on an entirely new bill, involving new
principles. It will not do to say that this is the
same old question. There is a variation, and it
is an important variation. Senators should have
an opportunity to state the reasons for the vote
they are going to give, with a view to the varia-
tion of this from the other propositions. It is due
to them; several Senators will deem it so—I do
1 not know how many; but I think we shall expe-
dite the public business if we will give a reason-
able time, and adjust it in that way. I do not
wish to occupy time upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot say, as a general
thing, that I am much in favor of night sessions.
We have had one this session, and I do not be-
lieve we gained anything by it. I rather think we
lost. iVJembois ft; 11 deranged for two or three
, days afterward, business was very lax; members
weie indifferent, and did not feel very well after
sitting up all night. I recollect that I was very
much incommoded myself about throe o'clock m
the morning. Then, 1 had to render an excuse
for acting like a decent man, and taking my nat-
ural repose. [Laughter.] Well, sir, I am inclined
to think we made nothing by it. If we sit up to-
night, I am satisfied that to-morrow we shall be
m rather bad condition for business. I can see no
urgent necessity for it. I do not believe that by
sitting here to-night we shall expedite business in
the least. We may occupy so much more time,
but whether that would be an advantage would be
; questionable. This subject will be the unfinished
I business for to-morrow if we now adjourn, and
i it can then be taken up regularly. That is, per-
haps, the best thing that can be done; at least I
think so.
If business cannot be transacted in the ordinary
course of legislation without resorting to extreme
measures for the purpose of enforcing the action
of a majority upon a minority, I think it very in-
auspicious, ana particularly connected with this
! subject. The honorable Senator from Illinois said
he never knew it to be done but that both parties
thought they had acted very foolishly. I recol-
lect, sir, that we did it in 1854 at the passage of
the Nebraska bill and the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. Whether the parties thought they
had aetcd very foolishly or not, I do not know;
but I think some of them have thought so since.
I think that the business on which we are now
engaged has perhaps resulted from that. I have
no desire of making this a sequence to that night's
transactions. I was a participant in them. I
know all about them, i am not going to dwell on
them. I am reserving that for a precious moiceau,
before leaving these Halls, if I live.
But I can see no advantage to result to us from
continuing this night session. I am opposed to
it. I may stay and vote, or I may pair off with
a respectable gentleman; and if the vote shall be
taken to-night two respectable votes will thus be
lost to the Senate [Laughter.] I would rather
the Senate would take into consideration what ben-
efits could result from it, or the prejudices that
might arise from it. We are all in good humor
now; wc can go home and get our dinners or sup-
pers, meet in a better humor to-morrow, spend
the time of the Senate profitably then, and ad-
journ. Therefore, with the understanding that this
bill will be the unfinished business for to-morrow,
I move that the Senate do n-ny adjourn
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take up the bill first.
Mr HOUSTON. Well, I move to take up the
bill with a view then to move to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
The pending question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Wednesday
next, at half past two o'clock.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no disposition to be
obstinate or contrary about the matter, if Sena-
tors on the other sid^eof the Hall desire thft post-
ponement with an honorable intention. We do
not desire to gag them in any way; but I do not
understand the reason why they are so very anx-
ious to postpone this discussion until Wednesday,
instead of letting the question come up to-mor-
row.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the reason I have or
know is, in order to enable the Senator from Ken-
tucky to have the time he desires; which we think
he ought to have.
Mr. IVERSON. I will say in reply, that I
think, of all the farces I have ever heard in my life,
that which requires the postponement of this ques-
tion for two days in order to allow time for the
Senator from Kentucky to make up his opinion,
is the greatest one. This report was brought in
last Friday; the bill was read at the Clerk's desk,
published in all the papers in this city, printed
and laid on the desks of the Senators; the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has had three days to con-
sider the proposition, and yet its postponement is
now asked for two more days, in order to allow
him time to make up his mind on the subject, I
presume, if this question was postponed until
Wednesday, or Wednesday week, or Wednesday
month, or twenty-one months, he would no more
make up his opinion than he has already, I ap-
prehend that every Senator has made up his opin-
ion, and every man knows and distinctly under-
stands how he is going to vote I have not a
doubt that every man understands how he is going
to vote. I do not suppose that any speech which
can be made, or any consideration that can be
urged, is going to change a vote, it may be so,
that some have not made up their minds; but I
cannot come to the conclusion that there is any
man here who does not know how he is going to
vote upon this question.
I do not understand this very great desire to
postpone this question until Wednesday. If I was
uncharitable, 1 might suppose that there might
be some political and party advantage in the mat-
ter, as the House of Representatives is to have
this question under consideration on Wednesday,
and that if the House is forced to a vote upon the
question before the Senate votes on it, there might
be some advantage in that. If the Senate should
pass the bill beforehand it might possibly have a
moral influence upon some members of the House,
or upon public sentiment, and that public senti-
ment might react upon the House. There may
bean advantage of that kind. The pertinacity
with which gentlemen on the other side demand
that this question shall be postponed until Wed-
nesday, savors very much of something of that
sort. It seems to me, sir, there is a cat under the
meal-tub. I do not understand it. I am very will-
ing to adjourn now if, to-morrow, the subject can
be taken up and debated decently and m order.
["Let us adjourn.lam perfectly willing to
do that with the understanding that it shall be
settled to-morrow. If Senators on the other side
say that it shall not be settled to-morrow I am
willing to go on with H now. ] think I have just
exactly hit the nail on the head. These gentle-
men do not intend that the Senate shall have an
oppoi tunity to vote on this subjectuntil the House
of Representatives have decided the question.
For that reason I am willing to sit here until it is
decided.
Mr. CAMERON. X desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Georgia. 1 do not be-
lieve in the insinuation about the cat in the meal-
tub. I never pretend to do anything that I do not
mean. V/hen I made the proposition to adjourn
a little while ago, 1 thought it would be agreeable
to gentlemen on the other side. I have no feeling
on this subject. I would just as soon decide it
now as to-morrow, or any other day; but I was
exceedingly anxious that the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who is endeared to all of us by his long
scrvjcc, by his high reputation, by his intellect-
and by Ins sneat and generous hesrf, should be
