2826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
a bankrupt. He lias done a great deal for the coun-
try by his ships. They are acknowledged to be
the best in the world. He has conducted them
with a speed greater-than any other vessels have
ever maue across the ocean; and, in every respect,
it has been a line of which the whole country
might well be proud. We propose now only to
permit the broken dawn old man to change the
stopping" place, so as to enable him to get to the
end of Ins journey one day sooner, and thus save
a portion of his expenses.
Mr. HUN 1ER. ] do not want to go into this
debate; for the matter of the Collins line has been
often discussed in both Houses; hut I cannot stand
here and permit such arguments as we have heard
to pass without notice, as if this line had pecu-
liar claims on the consideration of Congress I
think, when wc look to the past legislation of the
country, it has very little claim in that regard; but
I have no desire to go into that. I believed, from
the start, that the whole system was wrong; that
the policy was wrong of suppoiting lines of ocean
steamers out of the Treasury of the United
States. I believed it ought to have been left, like
any other trade, to competition; and I thought
if it were so left we should get a sound system of
ocean steam navigation, which would be self-sup-
porting. So far as we have gone, I think expe-
rience has proved that; or, at any rate, it has
proved that if wo attempt to sustain it out of the
Tteasury of the United States it is an expense
imposed on the great body of the people at large
which they ought not to bear.
But, sir, the Committee on Finance have at-
tempted to commence a new policy, which, if it
shall turn out to be successful, will be a great
improvement on the past. It is a policy which
looks to ocean postage as a self-sustaining sys-
tem, and m order to inaugurate that, it will be
necessary to put all upon fair and equal terms.
If, on the contrary, we are to insist that we are
to keep up this old system of maintaining ocean
steam lines, which really are designed for com-
merce moie than for postages, out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, then we may prepare
ourselves for applications from almost every sea-
poit on the coast, and applications which we can
nardly resist with justice; for surely there can be
no justice in subsidizing lines out of the Treasury
of the U mted States fiom one port, and from none
other. That system c$m no longer be keptupas j
an exclusive system, and we thought u better to |
abandon it at oner, and to endeavor to commence ]
this other system, which will be fair and equal, |
and will leave to each poit the enjoyment of' its |
own peculiar advantages. I believe, under that, i
New York would enjoy great advantages, because j
her commerce and her intercourse with the rest of j
the world would enable her to maintain lines that
could not be supported at the other ports of the
Union. I believe it is fairer to the whole coun-
try, ami a far more wholesome system than that
which is vindicated by the Senator from New
York and the Senator from Pennsylvania. I do
not wish now to enter into these general consid-
erations. The simple question fur the Senate to
determine is, are they willing now to commence
this new system by which steamers are to be
sustained by ocean postages; and if they are, is
it not fair to put the Collins line on equal terms
with all the others? It seems to me that if we
admit the first, the second will follow as an inevit-
able consequence.
Mr. STuAUT. I do not desire to enter at
length into this debate, but if 1 understand the-
pioposuion it is very different from the statement 1
that has been made on the other side. The Com- I
mittee on Finance propose to insert this provision:
" And the Postmaster General may, with the con-
sent of the contractors, change the European
termination of said route under the conti act afore-
said, from Liverpool to Southampton." if the
Postmaster General does not choose to make the
change, the Collins line will run to Liverpool. If
the Postmaster General deems it for the benefit of
the United States to make the change, why should
you alter the pay ? If the change is beneficial to
the United States, wiiy take away the contract
price ? If it is not beneficial to the United States,
why assume that the Postmaster General will
make the change ? It will be seen from the read -
ing of the proposition that it is not in the power
of the contractors to make the change. The
proposition is not to authorize thct# to change the
termination of the line5 but to authorize the Post-
master General to change it with their consent.
But the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
is, that if it shall be found beneficial to the United
States to allow the line to go to Southampton in-
stead of Liverpool, the con tract pay shall betaken
away and it shall run for the postages; and this
the Senator calls equality. If I had time, it would
be very easy to show that there is no equality in
it. These ships were made on the invitation of
the Secretary of the Navy for a specific purpose
—not merely to carry this mail,butunder the be-
lief that the construction of these steamers would
be beneficial to the United States for war pur-
poses, and reserving the right to buy them. I
suppose it is true to-day that either of them is
worth more money than all the steamships that
run to Southampton; it cost more money to build
it; and yet this issaid to be equality. Here is an
investment that is required to be made on the invi-
tation of the Secretary of the Navy, an immense
investment, not necessary to carry these mails, but
to build a certain character of ships that have
been built at enormous expense and great outlay
of capital. Now, it is proposed to take these ships
and allow them to run to Southampton, if the
Government wants that, for, as I said before, they
cannot run to Southampton unless the Govern-
ment wants it. If the Government deems it ben-
eficial to itself to run to Southampton instead of
Liveipool, then you say this change shall not be
made, though it may be beneficial to the line to
make it, unless the contract pay be taken away !
I confess I neither see the equality nor the justice
of this. If the Committee on Finance are right,
and I think they are, in proposing this amend-
ment to the House bill, let its effect be available
to the country; do not hamper it with an amend-
ment which certainly must destroy it. I have
no disposition to continue this debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan be good enough to inform the
Senate how long the contract of Mr. Collins con-
tinues to run ?
Mr. STUART. Two years.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I had occasion to look into
it this morning, and I found that it will expire on
the 27th of April. ]8f>0.
Mr. STUART. In about two years.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, this whole
system of ocean-mail postage is a very large one,
and I dislike to see it go by without any obser-
vations at all on the part of any of those Senators
who have turned their attention to it. I am not
willing to see this subject disposed of without
some reference to the general principles that ought
to govern us in our postal communications with
foreign commies. I am perfectly willing that, in
the establishment of our postal communications
with European nations, we shall be guided by a
consideration of the amount of postages that can
be collected, and that that amount of postages
should not be materially exceeded in the contracts
made by the Government for the conveyance of
the mail.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest, that if he proposes to go into the gen-
eral discussion of the subject of ocean-mail ser-
vice, it might, perhaps, be advisable that I should
send to the Clerk's desk an amendment which I
am directed by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to offer, and which I intend to
move when the Committee on Finance shall get
through with their amendments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should be glad to have
that read for information before I go on.
Mr. YULEE. I send the amendment to the
desk, and ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and ho i* heioby, authorized to cause the mail.-? to be
transported between the United States and any foreign poit
or ports by steamship, allowing and paying therefor out of
any money in the Trea>uiy not otherwir-e appropriated, if
by an American vessel, the sea and United States inland
postage, and if by a foigign vessel, the sea postage only, on
the inaiJ^o conveyed : Provided, That tile prefeienee shall
always be given to an American over a foreign steamship,
when depatting from the same port, for the same destina-
tion, within three days of each other.
And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is licieby, directed to provide foi and maintain,
if practicable, at a cost not to exceed, m any instance, the
sea and United States inland postage on the mails con-
veyed, a weeklymail to and fiom Euiopc, by United States
mail packet^, to alternate at regular intei vaK with the Drit-
i2*h mail packets plying between New York and Limjtoo!,
and Boston and Liverpool, the preference to be given to
such line or lines of American steamships, suitable in ail
respects for tlie service, as shall offer the best peimaneut
contract.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
the Senator from Louisiana, 1 ask, in this con-
nection, that a short amendment which I desire
to offer may be read, with a view of calling his
I attention to it.
! The Secretary read the proposed amendment
j of Mr. Clingmax, as follows:
j Jlnd be it farther enacted, That from and after the 30th
j day of June, 1860, a discriminating rate of postage of one
j hundicd per centum additional shall be exacted upon all
I letters and other mail matter convcyed from fom«u coun-
tnes to the United States by vessels s-ailmg under foreign
flags, which shall receive a governmental bonus a& mail
carneis.
And be it further enacted. That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, required to abiogate any existing postal
convention with a foreign Government, the stipulations of
which are calculated to prevent the execution of the pre-
eedmg provision.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going to observe that
I yielded a cordial assent to the policy which pro-
poses to maintain mail communications with Eu-
rope, for an amount not essentially exceeding the
postages received;but to that portion of the policy
which is directed to the establishment of lines,
which lines shall themselves receive the precise
postages, I am opposed. 1 have no idea of put-
ting the foreign mail system at the mercy of what
is now called competition, leaving it loose, unde-
fined, and unregulated by the Government. I
would as soon adopt a similar system in our inland
postages. There are lines upon which the post-
ages would make an amount per annum far ex-
ceeding what would be required by any ocean
line of mail steamers for the service rendered to
the Government. There are other lines which
might be built up by the surplus postages collected
on these favored lines, and in that manner redound
to the interest and advantage of the country. There
may be some particular short lines on which a
very heavy business is done, and on which the
postages lcceived by the Government of the Uni-
ted'States would far exceed any fair remuneration
for the company carrying the mail, whilst, on the
other hand, there are postal lines to which some
advantage ought to be given by the Government,
in order to enable them to carry mails which it is
essential for the interests of the country to have
regularly transported. It appears to me that the
random system of giving to each line exactly the
postages that it earns, is no more consistent with
sound policy upon the sea than it is upon the
land; and what would be thought now amongst
us of a proposition that the mail in the different
parts of the United States should be conveyed by
different companies, under contract with the Post
Office Department, for the postages collected upon
the letters conveyed by those particular compa-
nies? Whatopportumty would there beforpostal
communication in the sparsely-settled portions of
the country? What opportunity would there be
for communication with oui4 distant frontiers?
This would be a subversion of the entire policy
of the Government as established from its foun-
dation. It would be, in my judgment, a very un-
wise and unwarrantable departure from a policy
which hitherto has produced the most beneficial
results. I am aware, that in saying this I run
counter to the ideas of my friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] whose theory on the subject is,
that the price of carrying the mail ought to be paid,
as far as possible, by the persons for whose benefit
it is carried; that we ought to look to the precise
cost of carrying every letter, and, if possible,
charge that cost upon the person for whom it is
carried*, and who does not consider it legiiimate
for us to look to the general interests of the coun-
try, to the advancing civilization of our western
frontiers, to the necessity of facilitating settle-
ments which cannot be established without postal
facilities—who considers, I say, that these are
considerations purely incidental, which ought not
to be taken into account when we are establishing
mail facilities. I do not agree with my friend from
Georgia in these ideas of the policy of the Gov-
ernment. I cannot conceive that he is light so far
as the postage on land is concerned, and I believe
the policy will be equally at fault if carried out
upon the sea.
Under the system upon which our mails have
been carried for a few years past, the disfavor
which has been cast on these lines, the amount
