2828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
service, so far as Europe is concerned, would be
accomplished by the effect of this legislation.
The committee were further encouraged in the
recommendation of this policy from the circum-
stance that, at the last session, they recommended
the same legislation, and it then received the sanc-
tion of the Senate. The Senate, at the last ses-
sion, agreed to a similar amendment to one of the
appropriation bills, which only failed in conse-
quence of the confusion of the last night in the
conference between the two Houses.
Now, in reference to the hearing which the
recommendation of the Post Office Committee
may have on this particular amendment, I shall
vote for the amendment proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, for this rea-
son: inasmuch as it is desirable to inaugurate this
policy under the most auspicious circumstances,
it being likely that a line touching at Southamp-
ton, and extending alternately to Bremen and
Havre, will draw a larger amount from the Brit-
ish line of postage patronage, it is proper that the
whole service should be placed upon the same
footing. A line to Liverpool, as now contracted
for, would not so much interfere with the success-
ful inauguration of this policy as would a subsi-
dized line with a subsidy of $19,000 per voyage to
Southampton, superseding the vessels of another
line which mightbe disposed to undertake the ser-
vice. This matter beingat the option of the Post-
master General, I agree that it is not very import-
ant; but I think, as an indication of the puipose
of the Senate, it might be desirable, inasmuch as
under the existing jaw we are not required to do
more than to pay for the service to Liverpool, to
leave that contract standing where it is, but with
the permission to the contractors, if they please,
to abandon that special contract, and to come into
the policy of the Government, in Us endeavor to
inaugurate a new system upon a new basis. I
would propose to give them the right to be par-
ticipants in the policy by a privilege to take the
line to Southampton, upon the basis determined
upon by legislation, if this should be adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me? Itseems to me we are discussing here rather
upon words than things. The gentleman terms
it a right to participate in the benefits of the Gov-
ernment if they shall give up the contract. They
consider that that its something which the Gov-
ernment is asking them to sacrifice. If you put
it in the light that jl is an advantage to thom to
give up ,^400,000 it year, the alignment is sound.
Mr. YULEE. 1 think the Senator hasmisun-
dei stood tm\ 1 do net propose to disturb that
contract, nor do f understand the chairman of the
Committee on Finance so to propose? but to leave
Mh Collins the right to run to Liverpool, and
pay him the contract priee, and to give him the
pnviiege m preference to any other line to trans-
fer himself to {Southampton, )f he chooses to bring
himself witiun the policy whieh we may now
adopt of putting all lines on the basis of the post-
ages for income.
The objection to the amendment, as reported
from the Committee on Finance, urf it stands in
the printed bill, is that it pioposcs to allow the
Collins line to stop at Southampton, whereas it is
important that the service should extend to the
continent, that it should go to IJavrc and Bremen;
and by permitting the Collins line to place itself
upon the Southampton route, and there to stop,
without carrying the mails further, you impose
upon the Dopai tment the necessity of providing
for the conveyance of the mads fioni Southamp-
ton to the continent, and you disable them from
employing other vessels that would be willing to
extend the trip to that point for a less sum than
$19,000. Inasmuch as I believe—and itis evident
the contractors so believe, ftom the circumstance
that they apply for the authority to make the
change—that they will profit by the change, 1
tlunlc it would be advisable to impose on them a
gentle constraint in making the change, to fall into
the policy of the counU y, by extending their trips
to Havie or Bremen, as the Postmaster General
may require, and to do it upon the basis of the le-
gislation we may adopt at tins session. Whether
the Senate will determine to adopt the amendment
proposed by the Post Office Committee or not, of
course I cannot know; but if they mean to do so,
1 think it would be advisable to adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the hon-
orable chairman of the Post Office Committee one
question. Will the Governmentlose anything in
the way of postages, if, according to the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee, they alter the
place of stopping in England ?
Mr. YULES. The Government will losers
the amendment is proposed, all the expense of
transporting the mails from Southampton to
Havre and Bremen.
Mr. BAYARD. Would not that expense
equally exist in transporting the mails from Liv-
erpool to those points?
Mr. YULEE. I should have less objection to
the amendment proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee if they would add the words "and Havre
or Bremen," so that the Collins line mightextend
their trips to Havre or Bremen.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment of the Fi-
nance Committee is to authorize the Postmaster
General, in his discretion, with the consent of the
owners of this line, to change the terminus of the
route from Liverpool to Southampton. What I
desire to know is whether, supposing the Gov-
ernment would have to pay the contract price in
either case, the service would be less efficient to
them, and whether they would lose in postages by
changing the terminus from Liverpool to South-
ampton '
Mr. YULEE. I think not, in that respect.
Mr. BAYARD. Then it seems to me it comes
to this: the recommendation of the committee is to
allow the Postmaster General to propose to this
company to change the terminus of the line.from
Liverpool to Southampton, which is an altera-
tion of tho contract if they assent to it; that is not
to be injurious to the Government in any point
of view; it is neither to lessen their postages nor
to render the line less efficient. But the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia em-
bodies, in connection with that, a proposition
that the Postmaster General shall not have that
discretion unless the owners of this line will con-
sent to alter the terms of the contract on which
f you are to pay them and receive a less sum. I
do not think that is justice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 intend to support the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia, not-
withstanding the suggestions made in opposition
to it. I shall not, however, enter into any argu-
ment upon that point; but with respect to the
objections of tho Senator from Louisiana that the
postage might be excessive remuneiation, that
difficulty can very easily be remedied by provid-
ing that while the compensation paid for a line
shall never exceed the amount of the postage on
the letters carried, the Postmaster General, in his
discretion, may allow a less amount. There is
an objection of an opposite character presented
by the Senator from Michigan. lie argues that
it will not "be remunerative to carry letters in this
way. Why, sir, there is no freight in the world
I that pays like letters. If you were to put these
letters down to a cent an ounce it would be six-
teen cents a pound, and there is no freight trans-
ported on the ocean at that rate. It is true, that
if a vessel was of no use but to carry the mails,
then it might be that it would not be sufficient;
but. we have regular lines of steamships and other
ships running across the ocean, and of course
they will be very glad to get the letters at any
rate of postage that has ever been thought of.
But, sir, my object in asking the attention of
the Senate for a few moments this morning, is to
say that while I intend to support the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, and believe it
the best thing we can do at this time, because Mr.
Collins has nearly two years yet to run, and we
shall be obliged, if he complies with his part of
the contract, to goon until the arrangement is
carried out, J think the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Virginia does not go far enough, and I
intend to ask the Senate at a proper time to adopt
an additional amendment If the Senate will in-
dulge me for a few moments, I think I can show
leasons why my proposition—it has already been
read—which may at first strike gentlemen un-
favorably, is one that must be adopted. Ail our
contracts for existing lines will expire in less than
two years from this time. What are we to do
then ? The Cunard line will still be m operation.
It has now until January, 1862, to run, and must
run for one year thereafter if notice be given, and
may continue to run longer.
The great objection in my mind to these subsi-
dized lines is not merely the money they take out
of the Treasury, though that is a serious one;
but there is a still greater mischief in crippling
private enterprise. If you leave private enterprise
to determine this matter, and the passengers, the
freight, and the letters, to be carried by those who
can carry them cheapest, the United States will
beat all the world. That is obvious to everybody
who looks at the progress which our shipping
has made. I have had occasion, during a run of
years, to notice the comparative increase of the
United States and Great Britain, and I find that
we increase about five times as fast as they do
when you leave it to private enterprise. If, how-
ever, you make it a Government matter, the Gov-
ernments of Europe will advance larger sums to
support their lines than our Government is will-
ing to do. That is obvious from the large naval
and military force they keep up. Hence, in 185*2,
when Congress was discussing the question of
increased compensation to "the Collins line, seeing
at that time the difficulty in which we have since
been involved, I attempted to get in an amend-
ment to prevent this identical state of things. I
barely allude to the subject now to show that it
is one that has been discussed in the two Houses
of Congress heretofore. If all our ships be with-
drawn, Great Britain may continue to subsidize
her lines, and in what position are we placed?
The Cunarders get about $850,000 a year. Sup-
pose they put down their freight and passengers
to a rate that will barely pay the running ex
penses, the wear and the tear of the vessels: then
$850,000 is a very handsome return, perhaps,on
their investment. Suppose Mr. Vanderbilt, Mr.
Collins, or anybody else, should run a line on the
same terms, and run it with exactly the same
economy he would have nothing upon the original
investment if he had no subsidy, and of course
his line must go down. The question, therefore,
presents itself, whether we shall let this system
continue ?
If the United States and Great Britain gave one
of the hotels in this city $100,000 a year as a sub-
sidy, of course it would underwork other public
houses. That might be a matter of no great mo-
ment to us if it was done by the British Govern-
ment; and it would be a matter of very little con-
sequence to us, provided a house was kept up that
answered the purposes of the public, how it was
done; but it is a very different thing when you
come to look to ships. Itis very important to us
that we should have a large number of ships; not
only impoi taut to our wealth and progress in time
of peace, but eminently important in time of war.
We are now brought to this pass, as was foreseen
several years ago: our subsidized lines have grad-
ually gone down; the people of this country are
not willing to make large advances out of the
public Treasury to keep up those lines; and if we
were to keep up as many ships, at the rate we
have paid heretofore, as Great Britain, the result
would he that we should probably have to spend
ten millions a year. What is the effect of that?
You ctush all other interests. Here is the case of
Mr. Vanderbilt, who is running a line to South-
ampton, but gets no subsidy. He has to come in
competition with the Cunarders, who get $17,000
a trip, and Mr. Collins, who gets $ 19,000 a trip.
My friend from Maryland [Mr. KEN^rcDT] sug-
gests to me that Mr. Vanderbilt does not run in
the winter because of these disadvantages; but if
the subsidies of these two lines be withdrawn,
they will then have to charge the same rate that
Vanderbilt does. It is a mistake to suppose that
he has not as good ships as anybody. His ship,
the Vanderbilt, is superior to any one that Col-
lins has, except the Adiiatic, and is, perhaps,
quite equal to that; and it has made, according to
the newspaper statements, the quickest trip ever
made across the Atlantic. The Persia beat Col-
lins's best time, and it is .stated that the Vander-
bilt was able to beat the Persia, I believe, about
an hour. It is a mistake, therefore, to suppose
that Vanderbilt has not good ships; but he cannot
run under disadvantages if he has subsidized lines
to compete with.
We must do, I take it, one of these things. First,
we can go into a competition with Great Britain
by subsidized lines; and the result of that will be,
that our lines will gradually go down, as has been
our experience heretofore. It is a well-known
fact, if we are to rely on the statements repeatedly
made in the public press, that Great Britain k
