1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, and
all the great lights of strict constructions, expect-
ino* that some of them would throw some light
u^on it; but there was not a word said, and I con-
cluded that it was so well settled that I should only
expose my ignorance if I were to ask the same
question which has been propounded now by the
Senator from North Carolina. He was in his
st«at then,and I looked to him at the time; but he
said nothing, if he wants to find the authority
for appropriating this money to receive this Turk-
ish Pasha, he will find it in the same clause of :
the same section of the Constitution giving; power :
to buy the ship Resolute. [Laughter.] If he will j
turn to that clause and find the constitutional ,
charter that guided him then, he will find right 1
under it exactly the provision, m so many words,
to appropriate this money to entertain thcTuikish
Pasha.
Mr. MASON. My recollection is not very
distinct; but I have a strong impression that the
suggestion now made by the Senator from North
Carolina, was made m the case of the Resolute,
and that we did find the right to appropriate the
money, and that the answer was given at the time
that it was the unquestioned duty of the Federal
Government to regulate our intercourse with for-
eign nations—the very same power that appro-
priates a fund for the continued intercourse with
foreign nations. I thought it was answered at
that time; but certain it is that that resolution to
purchase the ship Resolute received the unani-
mous vote of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is right in one part
of his recollection, that it passed without division:
there was not a word said against it; but I think
he is mistaken about the other part of it, because
I recollect what passed m my own mind. Prob-
ably the Senator recollects what passed in his
mind, and he thinks he let it out before the Sen-
ate; but he did not.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to see the resolu-
tion pass, because 1 have not the slightest doubt
that it will redound to the advantage of the coun-
try. It cannot require a large appropriation. The
proposition of the Senator from North Carolina
is to limit it to $5,000. My impression is that it
cannot exceed, certainly, and, perhaps, cannot
reach, $5,UQ0.
The Senate will recollect that we appropriated
§10,000 to receive Amin Bey, who came here some
fewyearsago. If I am coirectly informed ,tin en-
tireexpense on thataccountwasabout^.>,000. The
limitation on the appropriation here, as has boon
well observed, is in the language of the resolution
itself. It is for the purpose of receiving the gen-
tleman who comes here for a specific, pui pose, and
the operation of which will be to show him through
the Federal offices, the different dock-yards, and
navy-yards of the country. It will have a happy
effect in cementing a friendly intercourse between
ourselves and Turkey—a country that we have
always regarded with a particularly friendly eye.
The ideaof my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] m classing Turkey among the barbaric or
uncivilized Powers, is rather a novel one.
Mr. HUNTER. I said the reverse—that she
belonged to the European system, and was so
recognized.
Mr. MALLORY. I misunderstood him. If
she were a barbarous Power, it would be greater
reason for passing the resolution. We have ap-
propriated money for the Imaum of Muscat; we
nave appropriated money for Japan; we have ap-
propriated money in this way constantly, where
ever the interests or honor of the country would
be subserved thereby. The ship-buildmg of the
country at large, independently of the kind feel-
ings between ourselves and the Turks, will be
promoted by this resolution. I should prefer see-
ing a specific appropriation made; but as the com-
mittee have thought proper not to introduce one,
and as I sec, from past experience and from the
nature of the resolution itself, that the expendi-
ture cannot exceed, perhaps, $5,000,1 am willing
to vote for the resolution as it stands.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to the
amendment further than this: that it may be con-
sidered by the Government as incumbent on them
to expend the money. Now I am perfectly will-
ing to trust the Executive with the proper, cour-
teous mode of receiving this officer, and it may
be done without any exoc-nditure at all; but if
it should involve an expenditure, I think it is
clearly limited by the general scope of the resolu-
tion. I have no objection to trust it to them; but
if the Senator perseveres in the amendment, I
shall not persist in opposing it.
Mr. PUGII. I shall vote against the resolution
with or without the amendment; and I should
have said nothing on the subject but for a sugges-
tion made by the Senator iVom Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] which quite astonishes me if he is one
of the apostles of strict construction; and as one
of the disciples of that school, I enter my dissent.
ITe has suggested that there is a universal power
to appropriate public money to bribe foreign Pow-
crs—to make them presents, to pay the hotel bills j
of their ministers. 1 do not understand that doc- j
trine. I dissent from it. What do we want with !
this gentleman? What does he come hero for?
The lesolution says he comes to look at the ship-
yards. That needs no money; that needs no act
of Congress; let him go. If ho wants to seethe
navy-yards, he will be shown them. If he wants
to see the yards where merchant ships are con-
structed, as the Senator from Florida suggests,
are we to pay the bills for his entertainment? Let
the gentlemen who want to sell him ships pay the
bills. It is not necessary for any official courtesy.
It is not necessary to pay the expense of carrying
him over the United States to hire three or four
naval officei sand a dozen other men to go with him,
and to have a show from town to town. He is not
even a diplomatic character. He is just sent here
on private business of the Sultan of Turkey, to
see how ships are built; and we ore all to exhibit
the solemn spectacle of the Congress of the United
States racing after this man as if he were a show
to the country ! I say that without intending any
disrespect; but that is th-*4 strong impression the
whole thing makes on my mind.
As to the case of the ship Resolute, I do not
recollect the matter. I do not know whether 1
was in my scat when it was passed; but no matter.
I can sec a vast difference between expending
money in this way, and pur<*hasinga derelict ship,
which was English property, that came into the
hands of some of our citizens as a wreck, which
was connected with an enterprise that had enlisted
the sympathies of the civilized world, when we
were simply asked to buy off the claims of our
own citizens, and restore the ship to its true own-
ers. But even that I should not regard as a pre-
cedent. Despite my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia, I do not think we gamed a fig by giving the
chip Resolute back; nor do 1 see how this Gov-
ernment is to gain anything in its intercourse with
foreign Powers, barbarous or civilized, by appeal-
ing to their cupidity. Let us stand on the exact
principles of justice; treat them fairly, and require
them to ti eat us so. They do not make our min-
isterspiesents: we do notaliow them to take pres-
ents. They do not pay the expenses of our min-
isters: we do not allow it. Let us treat them as
we require them to treat our ministers. We sent
officei a to Europe to examine the condition of the
armies of Europe a few years ago; but I never
heard that any foreign Government paid their ex-
penses. They went to the realm of the Sultan
of Turkey, I believe—at least they went to the
Crimea; but I never heard that the Sultan ap-
pointed anybody to show them around the couu-
try.
It seems to me that this resolution is not only
a bad precedent, but it is bad in itself; and, for
one, I can never give my consent to it, whether
it involves an expenditure of money or not. If
it does not require any money, thpre is no use for
the resolution; and if it requires money it is to
be expended, in my judgment, for wrong pur-
poses, and it is an illimitable field in which, not
the Executive—for I have confidence in him—but
m which his subordinate officers will spend just
as much money as they please.
Mr. STUART. I did not intend to say a word
on this subject, but the course of debate has elicit-
ed some ideas here which seem to me to render
it proper for me to state why I shall vote for the
resolution. In the first place, I disagree with my
friend from Ohio entirely in regard to the distinc-
tion of power in favor of returning the ship Res-
olute. I think the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia has taken a conversation that occurred
between him and me into his recollection of what
occurred m open Senate.
Mr. MASON. That is very possible.
Mr. STUART. I aslced the Senator atthe time,
" where he found the power to make such an appro-
priation?" and he replied to me as he has now
replied to the Senator from New Hampshire. I
acknowledge that if it is fairly within the scope of
our foreign intercourse, we have the power; but it
is not enough to assertthat it is for that purpose ill
order to give us the power. In this case, there
being, as stated from the Senator from New York,
no resident minister here from Turkey, this offi-
cer being about to visit this country on an import-
ant national purpose, we may, I think, within the
scope of our constitutional authority, extend to
him such courtesies, within proper limits, as will
manifest to the nation which he represents, a very
friendly disposition; and it is within the discre-
tion of Congress to what extent they will go.
I wish to state a suggestion which operates upon
my own mind, and which will control my vote in
determining what I consider here a question of
discretion, and that suggestion is in regard to Kos-
suth, who has been alluded to. Without any
reference to him, or what he did in this country,
I take the conduct of the Sultan of Turkey in re-
gard to Kossuth and his associates. They were
political refugeesin his country, and though Rus-
sia and Austria threatened him with entire ex-
termination, he said "these individuals have
come within my jurisdiction; they demand my
friendly protection, and I will never yield them
up." I remarked at the time, that I doubted
whether there was another nation on the face of
the globe, certainly not another one in Europe,
that would have thus stood out in the face and
eyes of Russia and Austria. It was one of tho
noblest spectacles that has ever been exhibited in
history. These were men claiming personal and
political freedom in the Austrian empire, con-
fessedly one of the most perfect despotisms that
exists. They were obliged to flee from thatcoun-
try; they took shelter in Turkey, and the Sultan
said, " Thunder your denunciations, and let your
guns thunder, anil sink me if you can; but my
hospitality shall remain untarnished." I admired
it; the civilized world admired that stand; and it
is a reason that operates on me to-day, when a
prominent officer of that Sultan is about to visit
this country, to afford to him evidences of hospi-
tality, so that it shall not leave me behind him in
the way of advocacy of personal and political
freedom. I can see clearly the constitutional au-
thority in this case, because it does mingle itself
distinctly with the foreign intercourse of the coun-
try. I have no difficulty, therefore, about the
power; and the propriety of it addresses itself to
my mind for the strongest reasons.
Mr CAMERON. I shall vote for this reso-
lution, because I look upon it as an act of hospi-
tality. We are informed that this gentleman
intends visiting us for the puipose of getting in-
formation. This Government ought to act towards
him as any individual gentleman here would act
towards a stranger who should come to his house
or his farm inquiring for information. He would
extend to him the hospitality due from one gentle-
man to another. It is a mere question of hospi-
tality. I agree entirely with all that the Senator
from Michigan has said in regard to the Sultan of
j Turkey m his bold and brave conduct towards the
I EmperorofAustria. EveryAmeucanwho thinks
: as an American is proud of ins conduct on that
! occasion, and, if for no other reason, we ought to
I treat this agent of his with proper courtesy and
; with liberal hospitality. I shall vote for the ap-
, propnation, no matter what the amount is, believ-
ing it is only a question of hospitality.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not very often that
I have found myself concurring in what the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] has said, but upon
this occasion I indorse every word of it; and I
I think that for the great Government of the United
| States, in Congress assembled, to be debating a.
! proposition to pay the travehngexpenses and iho
! wine bill of a Turkish ofiicer, who is coming over
I here to superintend the building ol a vessel, is a
; very small business. I do not wish to discuss it
: at all; but it seems to me that if any courtesy is
1 due to him it will be extended to him by the ex-
j ecutive departmentof the Government, which has
I the control of our relations with foreign countries.
] No doubt the Executive will afford reasonable fd-
: cilities to this officer to visit our navy-yards and
i inspect our vessels; and beyond that I do not
| think anything ought to he done. It seems to me
