2832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
letters through regularly in any other way; but
if there is a conveyance which runs regularly for
freight and passengers, you take that and send
your letters by it. Nobody would think of es-
tablishing a special line between this city and Bal-
timore to carry the mails. Why? Bccause pri-
vate enterprise has made a railroad to convey
passengers and freight, and it is convenient for
the railroad company to carry letters. On the sea
we have lines of ships that are constantly running
to all the principal ports. Take New York and
Liverpool, and you find that vessels are always
running at regular, stated periods. They can
carry the mails; they will be very glad to get
them. They might take the mails for one twen-
tieth of the letter postage, and then be better paid
for them, perhaps, than for any other freight they
carry. The result of the adoption of the system
which I prefer might perhaps be to make the lines
a day or two slower, and of course merchants and
others who have been accustomed to get their let-
ters carried in ten or eleven days, will not like to
have to wait twelve or thirteen; and if one ship
"were to make a trip in slx days, they would com-
plain afterwards if they could not get their letters
in less than eight or nine. We have gone to a
greatexpense for a telegraph to enable our people
to have instantaneous communication with Great
Britain, and that is quite far enough for this Gov-
ernment to go to gratify the impatience of our
people. If a ship had never crossed the ocean in
less than eighteen days, there would be no com-
plaint on this score. It is fair to putall the ships
on the same footing, and then those that are the
Bpeediest will get the letters to carry, and let
them have the profits of carrying them.
I shall not occupy the Senate any longer. I
wished to say this much in response to the views
of the Senator from Vermont, who, I know, has
given great attention to the subject of postage.
He concurs with me that we cannot compete with
the subsidized linos, and that it is a gieat evil to
us that they should exist.
Mr. COLLAMETt. Put it fairly. I said indi-
vidual enterprise cannot compete with them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We agree on that point.
I may not have used the term the Senator did,but
1 intended to convey his idea that private enter-
prise cannot compete with them, and it is inju-
rious to us that our private enterprise should suf-
fer in that way. He is for providing that certain
hues shall be let to the lowest bidder, and the
Government pay the sum that is necessary. If
you do that, you must put our ports on an equal
footing; for I am quite sure that New England
and Pennsylvania and the whole country south
will not be willing that New York shall have the
benefit of these lines; and, if you multiply them,
you will have to pay an enormous expense, and
all those lines which you pay will be crippling
our own private enterprise; for the Senator fiom
Vermont will sec that, if we pay half a dozen or
ten lines, and they prosper, the other shipping in-
terests engaged in carrying freights would suffer;
and therefore, unless we undertake to subsidize
everybody, the mischief which he and 1 both
agree exists will go on.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me say to the gentle-
man that our freighting business has suffered and
does suffer by these lines, and will suffer so long
as great Britain keeps them up.
Mr. lXUNTEll. I rise merely to reply to the
charge that my amendment is unjust to the Col-
lins line. I have listened very attentively to
what has been said, but i cannot perceive the in-
justice. The injustice which is charged depends
entirely upon an assumption—petitio piincipii—a
begems; of the question. The assumption is, that
we make the change for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. I do not believe that anybody in the
Finance Committee, who assented to the change,
lias any idea that we were benefiting the Gov-
ernment by it, unless it might be some benefit to
them to irive the Collins line some additional fa-
cility. If it did not injure the Government there
was nobody who would not be willing to change
the terminus, provided the Collins line could ex-
ecute the duties more profitably in that way than
any other; and provided that it did not do injus-
tice to others. But when we come to examine it
a little further, we find that it not only does in-
justice to others, but that it may injuie the Gov-
ernment. It injures the Government in this way:
if you allow the Collins line to go to Southamp-
ton, the same port to which the Bremen and Havre
lines go, you undoubtedly injure them; and, as I
believe, you will put them down and destroy them.
May not the Government well say that is not only
no benefit, but an injury to them ? " Jf we did not
allow you these privileges over our other two lines
they could probably sustain themselves with the
postages, and we should have two lines that would
cost us nothing, going to different ports of the
European continent: if we allow you this priv-
ilege, we lose that advantage." It is therefore a
disadvantage to the Government to allow it; and
all I propose by my amendment is, to put the Col-
lins line on such terms that it shall enter into
competition with the other lines fairly, if it goes
to Southampton.
But the Senator from Vermont says this is an
indirect method of accomplishing a different ob-
ject; that is, of denying the request of the Collins
line. Not at all. This is given, as I understand,*
not upon the application of the Government, but
upon the application of Mr. Collins; and I am
willing to say to ITim, "if you desire to go to
Southampton, you may go, provided you doit on
such conditionsas will not destroy the other lines;
as will leave them a fair chance. If you do not
desire to go on these conditions, then no harm is
done; no injustice is done to you." I am willing
to keep up the contract,#or what is alleged to be
the contract—going to Liverpool, and receiving
the stipend which is provided; but I am not will-
ing to change the terminus, when, by so doing,
we may destroy these other lines. What is there
unjust or indirect in that? I am sure I cannot
see. I would not be willing to permit him to go
there with the advantages of the annual stipend
paid to him out of the Treasury, and thus enter
into competition upon too advantageous terms
with these other lines. Unless some such amend-
ment as this be adopted, I shall be for striking
out the provision which allows the terminus to
be changed, and forcing him to continue to go to
Liverpool, as heretofore. In doing that, no one
could charge me with injustice to the Collins line.
That is all it ever contracted to do. Observe, in
all this we have been assuming what I do not be-
lieve— that Collins has not forfeited his contract by
his failuie to perform it. I inclined to believe that
he did forfeit it; but, as others were of a different
opinion, and a? we understood the authorities of
the Government seemed to be of adifferent opinion,
I was not disposed to undertake to decide such a
question as that on an appropriation bill. I was
willing, therefore, to give him what the terms of
the law allowed; and 1 would have been willing,
if it injured no other line, and no other person,
and he could perform the service advantageously
to himself, to allow him to go to Southampton in-
stead of to Liverpool; but 1 am not willing to allow
him to do it on terms which would destroy others
as meritorious as himself, and which would de-
prive us of the advantage—and undoubtedly it
will be an advantage, if they can sustain them-
selves from the postages—of having two lines,
terminating at different points in Europe.
Mr. DAVIS. I find in the general proposition
(I have not studied the details enough to justify
nie in speaking of them) too much consideration
for the contiactor, and too little for the Govern-
ment. I think the Senator from Vermont has
stated this question fairly. My view of what the
Government should do is that our duty ceases
with the establishment of the line. Then it be-
comes a matter of contract; and the Postmaster
General is to make the best contract he can. I see
no reason why, if we can get our mails carried in
British vessels across the Atlantic, we should es-
tablish a line of American vessels, merely that we
may compete with them in a race across the At-
lantic. And the vanity of the attempt has been
illustrated by its results. To have greater speed,
we have built our vessels too light, and so man-
aged them that the whole history of the Collins
line is a history of wrecks and disasters to the
country, and the loss of many of its bestcitizens.
The British steamers, conducted differently, with
commanders appointed by the Government, dif-
ferently built, have run without accident. I do
not think we should engage in such a race; but
the Postmaster General should have power to ap-
point an inspector for every vessel with which he
may make a contract; and the inspection should
be minute, so as to determine the character of the
vessel, including its present condition and con-
struction, and the character of the commander of
that vessel, unless the Government itself shall
choose to put a commander on the vessel.
Then, having established the mail line, the ques-
tion is, how shall the compensation be stated ? In
one of these amendments, it seems it is to be the
postal receipts. I think that altogether an ob-
jectionable method, and I shall vote against that
amendment for the reason that this is to be a fluc-
tuating amount. Perhaps, in ten years, it will be
the same amount you would give if you paid an
annual compensation; but the company cannot
bear the fluctuation. The depression of com-
merce, the existence of war, or some other cause,
may limit the correspondence, and cut off passen-
gers and light freight, and then a line relying on
the postage receipts might not be able to run;
whilst, if the Government allowed from year to
year a fixed sum, which for the period of ten
years would equal the postal receipts of the Gov-
ernment, it might keep up the line. In this way,
the company would receive a sum certain, and
might run at a loss for a time, making it up at
a subsequent period when commerce and travel
would come. I think, therefore, it is better that
we should pay so much per annum, requiring a
certain number of trips to be run, or eo much a
trip, rather than to let the line take the postage
receipts, whatever they may be.
Then, again, I think it is altogether objection-
able to allow the contractor to stop when he pleases.
It is for Government purposes the line is estab-
lished, not for the benefit of the contractor. If
he may stop during the winter months, when the
sea is not only rough, but when emigration term-
inates, and he cannot crowd his vessels like an
emigrant ship, we lose all the advantage of cor-
respondence during that period, and it was for
correspondence the mail route was established.
If you pay him a sum per trip, and compel him
to run so many trips in the year, then you would
have the benefit to the Government of a regular
channel of correspondence, which, for commercial
as well as for diplomatic purposes, is conceived
to be necessary to many points in Europe as well
as in America. I should most favor, in the estab-
lishment of our mail lines, ports on our own con-
tinent, ports on the Spanish main and the southern
Pacific, where we should open up a commerce
beneficial to the United States, and acquire a
political power which we have allowed to be trans-
ferred to Great Britain, that Government estab-
lishing mail lines to all those points where diplo-
matic relations are important to her as well as to
us.
I shall vote against the proposition to adopt as
the basis of compensation the amount received
from postage. I shall vote against the proposition
to strike out what the Postmaster General has
asked for, a continuous line, in order that we may
maintain the line to Havre. If we do not wish to
keep up the line, if we do not choose to make an
appropriation to continue that line, let us drop it.
If it be well to maintain it, and we choose to fix
the rate at which we are willing to pay, let it be
stated in dollars and cents, so as not to fluctuate
with the amount of tiavel and the amount of com-
merce. The necessities of the Government are
the same, perhaps increased, during those periods
when travel is least and commerce most depressed.
Mr. TOOMRS. I very much regret that the
debate upon this amendment has digressed into
the general subject of ocean steamers, and the
policy of maintaining them by Government sub-
sidies; and the more so, because I feel com-
pelled, by the review of my own position by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benja-
min,] to make some reply to him. That Senator
has stated my position with great clearness and
accuracy, except on one point. He has stated
very truly that 1 desire to put the burden of the
mails upon those who get the benefit, as near as
I can put it, whereas he looks to the general ben-
efit. The difference between my honorable friend
and myself is, that I say that is the way to pro-
mote the general advantage, and he assumes the
whole point between us. I say, it is not for the
genera] advantage to make men who cannot write
pay for the letters that those write who can. I
wish to put the burden where it belongs, for the
general benefit; but he says the general advantage
is to put the burden generally, though the benefit
is particular. That is the point between us. He
assumes the whole ground in controversy when
