722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
question to be decided; or, if not, any departure,
from the issue is so wholly immaterial, that there
can be no objection to it. As to the limitation of
time, I have only to say that more witnesses may
be required than we suppose, and it may require
a longer time to get in all the testimony. We are
not presumed to act, and do not act, on the idea
that there is any intention to delay; and I should
at least suppose that if we fix any limitation of
time it should not be less than ninety days.
Mr. STUART. So far as the language by
which this limitation is to be fixed is concerned,
I shall be entirel^ontent with any language that
will effect the pBPjiose. That, suggested by the
Senator from Georgia will answer the purpose.
It is not denied now by my honorable friend from
Ohio that the language of this amendment covers
as broad a field of inquiry as the Senate of the
United States can properly go into. We cannot
properly inquire into the character of the election
of a member of the Legislature of the State of
Indiana. I watched the debate yesterday with a
great deal of care to ascertain from the various
members of the Judiciary Committee what their
views were, and I think the suggestions which I
made are entirely within the scope of the doctrines
of my friend from Ohio. I disagree with him,
however, in regard to these allegations; I think
the criticism of the Senator from Vermont is cor-
rect—these allegations do involve an inquiry into
the election of members of the Legislature of In-
diana. I wish to prevent that by.some language
which will accomplish the purpose. The object
to be attained is agreed to by the Senator from
Georgia.
I cannot agree with the Senator from Missouri,
that when the Senate says in its resolution the
inquiry shall be restricted to certain facts, the
officer taking the testimony, the contestants, or the
gentlemen occupying the seats, will attempt to go
into an inquiry entirely foreign to that; but if they
should, 1 do not think such evidence would be
treated with much respect when returned here.
It would be a plain, palpable violation of the
authority of the Senate, and of its own rules of
propriety.
Again, sir, mere technicalities, as the Senator
from Missouri says, are not considered here, in
determining the right*>f an occupant to his scat;
but substantial rules are adhered to, and adhered
to with strictness. The Senate of the United
States will not invade the rights that belong to
State Legislatures any more than they will per-
mit State Legislatures to invade their rights. The
line of demarcation is clear and distinct. There-
fore it is not an answer to the amendment to say
that the Senate will not regard technicalities; to
say that the judge who takes the testimony will
disregard its limitations; that the honorable gen-
tlemen who oc-upy the seats will disregmd them;
or that the Legislature of Indiana will disregard
them. That is not to be assumed; but precisely
the contrary is to bo assumed. It is to be pre-
sumed that all who act under the Senate's resolu-
tion will act within its clear scope, as defined by
itself, and attempt nothing else. Then our ob-
ject will be attained; and we must proceed on the
ground that we are givinga sufficient limit to the
scope of inquiry. Is it sufficient? No Senator
deniesit. ltisonly argued that it is unnecessary;
but from the reading of these allegations by the
Senator from Ohio, I cannot agree to that. I do
not think it is unnecessary; but if it is unneces-
sary it certainly docs no harm. If the resolution
means that now, it is not injured by the amend-
ment. If it does not mean it, it ought to mean it;
and the amendment is necessary.
As to the time, I agree with the Senators who
have spoken on the other side, that a reasonable
time should be given, that it should be as full as
may be regarded necessary. I confess I think
sixty days is sufficient; but if a majority of the
Senate think otherwise, say ninety days; but
some time should be fixed when the question shall
be before the Senate in a proper condition to be
determined. 1 hope, therefore, that this amend-
ment, substantially, will be adopted. If another
form of words is observed, I have no objection to
that; but it seems to me the amendment now, in
effect, is precisely what the language indicated by
the Senator from Georgia would be.
Mr. SEWARD. Several years ago, Mr. Pres-
ident, there was a Senator here from Vermont,
who occuoied a seat in the Senate, (Mr. Phelps.)
He belonged to the same political association to
which I belonged; and finding that the disposition
of the Senate was so tolerant as to overlook what
seemed to be a very great doubt as to his title, I
brought the subject myself to the notice of the
Senate, on my own motion, for the purpose of
having it brought to trial; and with what diligence
I could, without unkindness to him and to the
public business, I kept calling the attention of
the Senate to it until the matter was brought to a
hearing, and the Senate decided that he was not
entitled to a seat here, and he let't the Senate
Chamber; and during all that time, that Senator
declined voting on any question.
Now, I pursue the same rule in this case. I
have endeavored to keep my mind entirely unbi-
ased on this question; I mean to do so as far as
practicable; but I see that there has been a delay
of a year. I do not complain of that; I do not
allege that there has been any fault about it; but
there is to be a further delay produced by this res-
olution. The Senate has decided that it will not
take up this question for decision now, for the
reason that it wants proofs. I then see that the
matter of the proofs is left entirely without any
definition, and that we are to send out a commis-
sion under which all kind of testimony, relevant
and irrelevant, may be taken. There is no issue
set out, while, at the same time, there is a dis-
tinct issue before the Committee on the Judiciary,
and 1 think that issue is fairly understood and
acccpted by the whole Senate. I have endeavored
to frame an amendment to this resolution, which
will present just exactly that issue m the largest
possible form, so as to cover every fact of every
nature that on either side can bear on this elec-
tion. I propose to amend the resolution of delay
—the dilatory resolution—simply by stating the
issue on which proof shall be taken, because I sup-
pose that will expedite the proceedings in taking
the proof.
I see also that the resolution is without any
limitation as to time, and that the convenience of
parties, or the convenience of the persons who may
be employed to take testimony, or the conve-
nience of witnesses, may delay and procrastinate
this proceeding indefinitely; and therefore I have
suggested a period within which the proof shall
be taken.
These constitute the two branches of the amend-
ment. I have submitted them because they seem
to me pertinent; and in any case in which I felt
any special interest myself that affected my own
seat, I think I should be desirous that every con-
clusion of a desire to delay should be excluded. I
have listened to the debate without hearing any
satisfactory objection to either of these proposi-
tions. If sixty days, the time I have proposed,
be too short, the Senate will determine that. It
seems to me that with our railroad and postal com-
munications, sixty days is quite long enough to
take proofs of facts of this kind, which, affcerall,
must he capable of being established by the testi-
mony of a few witnesses, who must be accessible
to all the parties who take an interest in the elec-
tion. Still I am not tenacious about this. Having
brought to the notice of the Senate what seems
to me to be a defect in the resolution, and having
proposed to amend it, I shall be cheeifuliy con-
tent to abide by the decision of the Senate on both
the points I have suggested.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from Ohio
ought to remember that this question came here
one year ago; that it has been repeatedly pressed
upon the consideration of the Senate; and that
now it is proposed to take testimony. The Sen-
ator from New York proposes to limit the time of
taking it to sixty days. The Senator from Ohio
thinks that not long enough. I would suggest to
the Senator from Ohio that we owe it to the Senate
to settle this question before the adjournment of
Congress. If this investigation lasts ninety days,
! the report of the evidence will come hero in the
| latter part of the month of May. I have no doubt
;j that the testimony will be very extensive; that
i! there will be a large amount of testimony taken.
I| The testimony will be printed. It will require time
ij to print it, time to examine it; and we shall not
ji reach the consideration of the question before the
jj summer months;and we may adjourn early in the
11 month of June. I think this question should be
j; settled, or put in a train of settlement, before the
j adjournment of Congress. I think it due to the
ll Senators who represent Indiana hero; due to the
people of that "State; and due to the character of
this body. I do not think the friends of the sitting"
members should ask more than sixty days to take
testimony bearing on this case. Many of us here
believe that no testimony whatever is needed; but
the Senate has decided otherwise. I think the
friends of the sitting members ought to be willing
to accept a limitation of sixty days for taking
testimony.
Mr. PTJGH. Let me ask the Senator whether
he considers it a question of friendship? I have
not put it on any such ground. I have put it on
the ground that I am one of the judges, and I want
the evidence. If it will take sixty days, very
well. If it will take a year, I want it. It is not
a question of friendship.
Mr. WILSON. I do not put it on the ground
of personal friendship; but it is well understood,
by the votes that have been taken, that the mat-
ter has assumed somewhat a party character, and
I referred to it in that light. I certainly did not
make the remark in any way offensive to the
Senator.
Now, this testimony is to be taken before the
judge of the district court of the United States in
Indiana, or before the judges of the State courts.
It so happens that all these judges are of one po-
litical organization. They may also be engaged
in other duties. They may not have time to at-
tend to this matter; and I think that if we are to
send out for testimony, we should appoint com-
missioners, and limit the time in which the testi-
mony shall be returned. I hope that we shall
appoint men whose duty it will be to attend to this
matter, and that it will be attended to promptly;
that all the evide.nce will at an early day be fur-
nished to the Senate. I would suggest that we
strike out of the resolution the words "any judge
of the district court of the United States, or any
judge of the supreme or circuit courts of the State
of Indiana," and insert, "the Hon. Oliver H.
Smith, the Hon. John Pettit, and the Hon. John
Defrees, who are hereby appointed commission-
ers for that purpose." Mr. Smith, many years
ago, served with eminent ability in this body;
he is a man of talent and of high personal char-
acter; a man withdrawn from the political con-
tests of the present time. Mr. Pettit has served
recently in this body. He is a warm political
friend of the Senators from Indiana; a man of
talent, and who would, no doubt, if appointed,
see that everything which could bear properly
on the case should be reported in the evidence.
| Then, Mr. Defrees is an active Republican of
j that State, familiar with its affairs at the present
\ time. I think if the Senate would consent to
; appoint these three gentlemen commissioncis to
j take this evidence, it would be taken at an early
i day and spread before the Senate; but if wo leave
j it to-be taken before the judges of ihe State courts,
I or of the United States district court, they may
be engaged ill other duties, and after they enter
upon this examination they may be called off to
attend to official duties, and the matter may be
prolonged to an almost indefinite period. I hope
we shall adopt the amendment of the Senator
from New York, which I consider just, and then
I shall move the proposition I have suggested for
the appointment of these gentlemen as commis-
sioners to take testimony.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the question of time
to take testimony, I desire to say a single word.
: There seemed to be two classes of opinions de-
veloped here in the discussions of yesterday. One
is, that inasmuch as there is no law of Indiana
providing that the Legislature shall go into joint
convention, and inasmuch as the Legislature of
Indiana did not by joint resolution resolve to go
into joint convention, there is a vital defect in the
whole proceeding; that if all the members of the
Senate and all the members elected to the House
of Representatives had met together in some
place, no matter where, in the State of Indiana,
and had elected Senators, the election would be
totally void under the Constitution of the United
States, because the Legislature of Indiana had
never elected them,and n?ver prescribed the time
nor the manner of their election. With persons
who maintain that opinion, of course this testi-
mony would be unnecessary.
There is another opinion developed by gentle-
men in the course of this discussion—and I refer
more particularly to the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Georgia—and that is that what
