THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 10, 1858.
New Series.....No. 178.
ho says the general advantage is to take his sys-
tem. I say the general advantage is promoted by
mine. Now, let us examine it for a moment.
Originally, the system of postage was a Gov-
ernment monopoly—like salt and tobacco in all
vicious, weak, corrupt Governments now. Gov-
ernments took the monopoly of carrying peopled
letters, just as they gave to some favorite the right
to sell salt, or sell tobacco, and geta revenue from
it. The British Government got a revenue from
it, I believe, from the earliest history of the post
office arrangement. It was a portion of her reg*
uiar estimates-, and, when she made her reduction,
it was on the argument of a very able man, who
was acquainted with her postal system, that the
postage would sustain itself at one penny. It did
it; and it brings her two and a half million dollars
now. She has had old charges on it; I believe
some of the Hydes had charges on it. The post
office revenue is part of the revenue of France and
the continental countries; and they take it for the
same reason that they take the monopolies to
which I have referred. When our Government
was poor, the idea of the Government seizing
postage was on the same notion of revenue, and
it continued to pay revenue until after the last war
with Great Britain. If gentlemen will take the
trouble to look jnto it, they will find that the re-
ceipts from the Post Office were a portion of the
regular revenue that supported this Government,
until after the war.
Then it was said by those who had letters to
send, "if the Government takes charge of our
business, do not let her profit by it." That was
reasonable and just, and received pretty general
acceptance among the people, and hence it was
changed, and the principle was established that
the Post Office Department was to be managed
so that the Government should not make profit
out of the business of carrymgthe people's cor-
respondence. Then the Government said, " we
will with prudence endeavor to enlarge the ser-
vice in proportion to the revenue and to the cost,
provided we shall not^be charged any thing for it."
Within the last few yeais, however, we have
gone away from monopoly, we have gone away
from profit, we have yielded all these points, until,
by lobbying, and successful boring, and on the
notions "of gentlemen, I think entirely erroneous,
who differ with me on this point, we have come
to this great issue: it is held' in many portions
of the United States, that this Government shall
support the Post Office establishment as a great
Government establishment, like the Army and
the Navy. Some intelligent men, even m the
Senate, and many out of it, have gone to that
point.
Under our Constitution we certainly never
looked to the idea of the Senator from Vermont
of establishing foreign mails. In truth, it is dif-
ficult to bring it within the purview of a single
clause in the Constitution. - Our Constitution, as
he properly quotes, says Congress shali have the
power to establish post offices and post roads;
but we cannot establish a post office in England,
or on the high seas. We can only establish them
where we have the power. This country, from
the time its independence was acknowledged until
1850, never took the least control over foreign
mails, except so far as to have them delivered,
and put the postage on them, allowing any ship
that wanted them to carry them, under proper
regulations to secure them, and that was done en-
tirely under the commercial powec. When these
steamers came to Congress, they came under
fraudulent pretenses. I was a member of the other
House at that time, and I have opposed this sys-
tem from the first fatal day of its introduction to
this hour. They said, " we want to increase the
Navy; England is guarding us with her ships of
war; and these are fast, strong, and powerful
steamships; we will make them so;" and, there-
fore, they did not put them under the Post Office,
but under the Navy Department; and in the ori-
ginal contract they specified that they would
make steamers fit for ships of war, and that they
should be accepted by the officers of the Navy.
178
Mr. COLLAMER. The first ocean line that
was act up was under the Post Office Department.
The lino to Bremen wras the first.
Mr. TOOMBS. Collins's contract was not under
the Post Office Department.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Collins line was set
up by special contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, by special contract with
him, and that was the way with the Sloo contract
and the Harris contract. They were to build
ships fit for war purposes. I know when the Col-
lins vessels were built; I was a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the other
House, and I remember that the men at the head
of our bureau of yards and docks said they were
not worth a sixpence for war purposes; that a
single broadside would blow them to pieces; that
they could not stand the fire of their own guns;
but newspapers in the cities that were subsidized,
commenced firing on the Secretary of the Navy,
and he succumbed and took the ships. That was
the way they were got here. Then, they were
to be commanded by lieutenants in the United
States Navy. That was another part of the con-
tract. Mr. Collins came here and said: "I do
not want these people on my ships ; they are not
good for much." I rather yielded that point, he-
cause there was much in what he said: and we
agreed to let linn have his own commanders. All
this was done under the naval power. It was stud
we wanted these ships for naval purposes, and
that they would be very valuable in case of war.
Nobody maintains that idea now; it is given up;
but it was used to get congressional contracts
with particular individuals for their benefit, and
not, as my honorable friend from Mississippi says,
for the benefit of the Government. That has been
the trouble of the whole system; it has been for
the benefit of contractors, not of the Government.
That has always ruled in making the contracts,
and always will when Congress makes contacts.
How can Congress make a contract ? Here are
sixty-four of us in tins body; there are two hun-
dred and thirty-six in the other House—gentle-
men of different pmsuits. True, there may be
one or two ship-cai penters among the whole num-
ber, but the great bulk of them aie fit fornothing
on earth but politics—fit for no business. We
have some who are very well qualified for many
things, but not for other things. As for the idea
that such a body can make a contract, I presume
there is no human being in America, black or
white, who can doubt that it is the most unfit body
for such a purpose that could be collected. There
is no responsibility. One half of them do not
know who did it, and if they did they would not
care. Nine tenths of them act from ignorance on
such a matter, because they know nothing about
it, and we generally have only ex parte statements
from those interested. We have not time to ex-
amine the public questions connected with the va-
rious departments of the Government, and ail the
little contracts besides. It is impossible to do that
and attend to oui> legislative duties. I would go
back to the earlier policy of the Government, the
persistent policy of the Government, against the
idea of my friends from Louisiana and Mississippi.
We never had a steamship afloat on the ocean to
carry the mails abroad until 1850. The country,
had become great and prosperous, our commerce
had extended beyond that ofanv other nation in the
world, in an incredibly short space of time, with-
out any such thing. It was not the general com-
mercial men of the country at that time who desired
it. Its cfFects have been disastrous to every por-
tion of the country except the locality that gets
the immediate benefit; and it'has had a disastrous
effect on our shipping, which has increased less
within the seven years succeeding than the seven
years preceding 1850. The reason of this was
illustrated happily, in part, by my friend from
North Carolina. Prom the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, for many years, letters came by such
vessels as casually sailed. After a while packets
were established, which got most of the letters,
on account of their regularity—and that is one of
the ideas my friend from Louisiana did not take
into,the account. When the first packets were
setup between New York and Liverpool, they
got nearly the whole of the letter-carrying. Why?
It was abandoning that system of being 44 up for
freight, ready to sail with dispatch," as they
termed it; that is, whenever they got a freight.
They went on the principle that we will sail with
or without freight on a particular day, and all the
correspondence went by those packet lines at once.
The Cunardcrs ran once a week before 1855, when
the Crimean war broke out, on account of the de-
sire of the English to maintain their own line.
They are a selfish people; and theirs is an hon-
orable selfishness in that respect. I presume we
have the same feeling on our side to benefit ours.
As far as they could perfect their business ar-
rangements to benefit their own line, they did it;
and the Cunarders going once a week, they had
to wait but three or four days, at most, to have
their letters carried in their own vessels; and until
1855 they carried the bulk of the letters. About
that time we cut down $500,000 of our subsidy to
Collins.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The increased allowance
was paid to him that year.
Mr. TOOMBS. Some of the Cunard steamers
were withdrawn, and thereby they ran but once
a fortnight. Correspondence could* not wait that
long, and in that way the Collins steamers got as
much correspondence from Liverpool as the Brit-
ish steamers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Probably I did not under-
stand my friend's point exactly. The statement
I read was of the whole European postage, not
of the Collins line alone.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is vt'iy important to sepa-
rate that postage and see how much of it came by
British vessels, and how much by our own ves-
sels. A number of the British vessels were taken
off as transports to carry their troops and provis-
ions to Sevastopol, ana therefore Cunard could,
not run more than once a fortnight; and hence the
letters carried by our steamers necessarily in-
creased, and that was the reason of the increase
in that year.
The British have given Cunard half as much
as we gave Collins; and the aigumentis that if
they pay a subsidy of $800,000 to enable Cunard
to carry letters, we ought to give it here. I say
that is not good policy. If letters cannot be car-
ried without a subsidy, if it takes §800,000 a year
to do the business, I think we had bettor let Eng-
land do it. If it is a losing business, if it will not
pay, I see no reason why we should compete with
her for it. I am icady to compete m a profitable
trade, and that has been the uniform policy of this
country. When foreign countries hove put dis-
criminating duties on our tonnage, we put them
on theirs. " That has been our policy from the be-
ginning. It is but recently that the tonnage duties
were taken off in England from the foreign trade;
and under the act of 1818, the President made
proclamation of the fact in 1850, when my hon-
orable friend from Vermont was a member of the
Administration. If France should abolish her dis-
criminating tonnage duties to-morrow, the pres-
ent Administration would issue the same procla-
mation. We have counteracted the vicious systems
of other countries by retaliation. That is a policy
which the world has maintained. If England pays
only as much as we do, there is an equality. If
she pays more, we can meet it with a counter-
vailing policy, and then the question would be
whether it was wise in both countries to continue
it. A countervailing policy is adopted to bring a
Government, adopting a bad system, to its senses.
We have now very heavy discriminating tonnage
duties with Spain, because she will not abandon
her discrimination. With England we have no
such duties; and as to all countries that do not dis-
criminate againstus in our foreign trade, we make
no discrimination against them. I am induced to
the opinion that it would be betternot in discrim-
inate against them, even if they did against us.
That would be my idea of true wisdom and true
policy.
If one ship a week can carry the correspondence
