2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
between Liverpool and this country, and it is a
losing business, let England do it, and one line of
Cunard steamers does the British shipping as
much harm as ours; there is an interest there
against it. It does our shipping harm, and it does
the English shipping harm; and if we put up the
Collins line to do the same thing, we pay a na-
tional subsidy to punish the shipping of England
and our own too. So, because she injures us'and
injures herself too, we must get reparation by
doubling the injury! That is the policy of gen-
tlemen; it is nothing less. They say England pays
Cunard to ruin our vessels and to in jure our peo-
ple's pursuits. Now you pay Collins to injure
fours and hers too. That is the policy which
take it is involved in the question submitted for
the consideration of the American Senate.' It
must result in that. How does it injure us? I
observe, in looking over the papers for 185G—I
speak from memory—about three eighths of the
goods paying revenue were imported by steamers.
Why was that ? All the best freights are brought
in the steamers. Gold is imported in steamers
because it can afford to pay freight; silks and rib-
bons and linen can be carried in that way because
they can stand high freight, for the reason that
they are very valuable for their bulk. That is the
true reason why you cannot carry cotton in steam-
ships. You can carry sea island cotton because
it is worth forty or fifty cents a pound, but you
cannot carry a bulky articlc like wool, or wheat,
or iron, in steamships. Steamers get the most
valuable freights, the articles which can afford to
pay most,and therefore the merchantmen's profits
are continually diminishing. Sailing vessels get
the heavier freights that do not need time, the
bulky articles that must necessarily be carried at
alow price, which is the general rule of trans-
portation all over the world. Building up these
steamers between us and England has had a tend-
ency to destroy or to injure your great commer-
cial marine. I oppose it on that ground.
Another thing: it concentrates the goods at
whatever point you bring the steamers; and that
is another objection I have. You now run all
your lines of steamers from New York, except a
little one from Cuba to Charleston. It cheapens
freights at New York, even among themselves;
it concentrates commerce there injuiiously to the
rest of the country. If you pay a hundred ships
from evciv point where you have freight, to bring
goods in for nothing to New York, you will ef-
fectually violate t he provision of the Constitution
that forbids you from discriminating in favor of
one port. You do, by running steamers out of
New York, cheapen freights to that particular
point, and give it an advantage over eveiy other
point in the country. They understand it; and
therefore I do not wonder that those who are not
mindful of the great principle of right, those who
consider that the suprrmest good is to benefit
themselves at the cost of everybody else, worship
this principle of monopoly. But, m this enlight-
ened age, with the present opinions we enteitain,
with the progress we have made in free and en-
lightened ideas, especially in regard to commerce,
I am amazed that gentlemen who agree with me
in many of these great principles should advocate
this policy, which 1 hod hoped and trusted was
extinct forever. But, sir, monopolies are hard to
kill. They are not awed by defeat; they are not
cowed by disaster. Th'*y seem almost to be im-
mortal. They rise from one defeat by bringing
new appliances and new pow -r m order to suc-
ceed in their iniquitous schemes. I trust the pol-
icy you have half inaugurated, of giving no more
subsidies to these people, but granting the letter
postages to anybody that will bring the mails,
leaving them to rely on the postages alone, will
be carried out: and I am very happy that the
Committee on Finance and the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads have recommended
that it shall be inaugurated; and in this way we
shall ahandon a system injurious to the general
commercial interests of tin* country, injurious to
the navigating interests, injurious to every port
in the country but the particular one which is the
beneficiary of the public bounty. Leave them all
in free and honest competition to pursue their
own callings under the influence mid effect of be-
neficent, wise, equal, and just law <3.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to protract this debate, for the question pend-
ing seems to me not to involve the whole system
of steamship mail service. I recollect when it
was inaugurated, and I am astonished that the
Senator from Georgia should talk about monop-
olies, when the United States have undertaken to
set up a competition against a monopoly. He
wants us to withdraw the competition in order to
destroy monopoly! It was a British monopoly,
and is to-day; and it was for that reason that the'
Post Office Committee, when I was on it twelve
or fifteen years ago, undertook to set up a counter-
system to prevent the aggrandizement of British
power in everything that was American. I agree
that all these new-fashioned doctrines about free
trade will regulate themselves. A spendthrift
heir will get through his estate very quick if you
let him alone. So it will bo with free-trade no-
tions. The result will be to give trade to Eng-
land ; and she will take care of it while we neglect
our trade. That is the way she does with the
Post Office system, and we ought to desire to cor-
rect and counteract it.
1 do not believe it will cost any more to carry
letters by American than by English steamships.
I think that, in the end, by keeping up a compe-
tition, we shall be likely to get the service cheaper.
Let the Cunarders, orother British steamers, have
the monopoly of the trade, and if they do not
charge postage lugh enough to pay them well, I
will never guess again. 1 would if I was in their
place.
But I do not think the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Virginia at all involves this
whole question, though perhaps the amendment
of the Committee on Finance covers the whole
ground. The amendment of the committee pro-
poses to keep up the Collins contract for the next
two years. Why then go into an argument about
the propriety of having made the contract? I
understand it is decided by the law officer of the
Government that the contract with the Collins line
is a continuing contract; and that being so, the
Committee on Finance have suggested that the
Postmaster General may change the terminus on
the European end of the route. That is the whole
matter. Now, it is suggested by the Senator from
Virginia, not as chairman of the Committee on
Finance, but as an individual member of the Sen-
ate, that if they do change the terminus they must
take the mails on the same condition with two
other lines. My difficulty is, that this is a con-
tract for so many trips per year, winter and sum-
mer; but if you take the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, you leave them all voluntary
contracts, to cany the mail when the parties
choose, and to leaw it when it is not profitable.
I do not wish to see our country in that condition;
I think we shall lose by it. If we undertake to
carry the mail in competition with the British
steamers, we should carry it as regularly as they
do, alternate with them, carry it for the same rate
of postage they do; and I say that the probability
is that the change m the terminus will not be made
if the amendment of the Senator from Vngmia be
agreed to. I do not know whether it is true, but
1 believe it is, that wo can get letters on the con-
tinent twenty-four or thiity-six hours sooner by
making the change.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is not a word of truth
in that statement. ft is not twenty-four hours
from Liverpool to Paris. I have traveled it my-
self. Those statements arc made loosely by gen-
tlemen who oiiiiju to know better.
Mr. SIMMONS. lam not to be diverted from
the argument by any controversy about how long
it will take to carry letters through England, if
the Postmaster General does not think proper to
change the terminus, under the amendment of the
committee, he will not change it.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that now the
Collins line discontinues when it chooses; and the
decision is that that does not affect the contract,
but only makes them lose the contract price for
that trip. If, on the other hand, we were to pro-
vide that it should go for the postages, the Post-
master General might contract that it should go
regulaily. Thai would not alter his ability to
contiact.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that by the con-
tuict with the Collins line, theie are so many dol-
lars per trip given, whether the trip he in winter
or in summer. Everybody knows that there is
a disadvantage in running steamers in winter,
when there is no emigration. In summer there
is a large number of passengers.
Mr. HUNTER. I-Xe may, therefore, omit to
run in the winter, and run only in the summer.
He gets the price for every trip he runs.
Mr. SIMMONS. If you gave those steamers
a certain number of thousand dollars per trip,
winter and summer, would it not induce them to
run thewhole year? Perhaps they would not run
so often in winter as in summer; and I believe the
Cunarders do not run so often in winter; but the
Collins line runs proportionately as much in win-
ter as the Cunard line; and if wc allow a regular
sum we shall have our service kept up as regu-
larly as the British part of the service. That is
what I want. If the Senator from Virginia is fear-
ful that changing the terminus of this line from
Liverpool to Southampton will be injurious to the
Southampton steamers, he may put a clause into
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance that the Postmaster General may make
this change, provided it will not do any injury to
other lines of steamers. But why undertake to
break up an existing contract? why undertake
to put thewhole service on this irregular and un-
certain tenure, that they may run in winter or
not, just as they please? And when they run for
the postages you may be sure that when there is
the least business they will do the least running.
I think the English are pretty good models for
us to copy from, so far as they are concerned m
taking a monopoly of trade. I believe we have
not made a trade with them for fifteen years in
which they have not had the decided advantage
of us. You cannot make a reciprocal treaty, or
any other kind of treaty, with them, where they
will not always have the advantage in their hands.
Instead of yielding to them, I would rather double
the pay. That is my notion about keeping up
competition.
I am willing to have a fair competition with all
the world in mail steamers or anything else, but
I have no notion of perfecting that system by
withdrawing our competition, and letting the Brit-
ish have a monopoly of the whole trade, which
will be the result if we abandon this contract. I
agree with the Senator from Georgia, that running
their steamers has a tendency to cripple our trade,
and my plan has always been so to arrange things
that other people can do this business as well as
New York can,and not concentrate everything m
one city. People get to thinking that there are no
places in the world but New York and Liverpool.
I f you go to New York they will tell you it is the
best place to buy at and to sell at, and they will
make a sane man believe it. I have been m a
store in New York when they were talking with
a planter, and telling him it was the best place to
sell his cotton, and then they turned round to me
and tried to convince me that it was the best place
for rtfe to buy at—the same store; and we both
believed them perhaps, because we both dealt
with them.
Mr. TOOMBS. It might be true.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know it is good logic for
a storekeeper, that you may sell and buy cheaper
in the same store at the same time, but it is not
good logic for men of sense. It is not good logic
when you apply it to steamships.
I am opposed to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia. I am Willing to take any qualifi-
cations of the amendment of the Finance Com-
mittee that the Senator thinks necessary, but I
believe the Postmaster General will never make
this alteration unless he thinks it can be done
without injury to anybody else; and if it can be
done without injury to anybody else, I want to
help this line, i would not try to hurt anybody,
or force him into a new trade, when we could help
him without hurting ourselves. This line will
need all the service we can give it indirectly in
that way. I hope the Senator from Virginia will
withdraw his amendment. The committee have
offered a good amendment, and if he wants to pre-
vent the Postmaster General from making an im-
proper bargain, let him qualify the amendment of
the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] to amend
the amendment of the Finance Committee by
adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That said contractors shall, in case of such
change, receive for such transportation, instead of the con-
tiact price, the amount of ocean and inland-postages re-
ceived by the United States.
