2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
postages, the effect will be that the Collins line
will drive them from the ocean, and you make one
monopoly of that which has already been the
mos: scandalous monop©ly that was ever before
Congress. I think you ought either "to go back
and adopt the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, or you ought to allow these lines to South-
ampton and Bremen and Havre 
Mr. HUNTER. We can have another vote
on that when the bill is reported to the Senate.
If we are going to apply the principle of postages,
we ought to do it on tnese lines; and when we go
into the Senate, we shall have another vote on the
Collins proposition.
Mr. PUGH. I am in favor of the principle of
the Senator from Virginia, and if I had not paired
off with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,]
I should have voted for this amendment; but here
is the case I suggest to the Senate: the Collins
line have a contract from New York to Liver-
pool,and you pay that line a large gratuity. Now
you have authorized them to change the eastern
terminus to Southampton, and so come in direct
competition with these other lines. That is
enough in all conscience; that is practically giv-
ing the Collins line the control of another route,
putting it in their power to drive other ships off
the ocean; but when you go on in addition to that,
and disable the Postmaster General from giving
anything beyond the §230,000 to the Bremen antl
Havre lines,you have practically destroyed them,
and all for the benefit of the Collins line. I think
it is a worse piece of legislation than the sum of
money you gave in 1852.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the effect would be that
wc commit ourselves to renewing this contract on
that principle.
Mr. MASON. I would ask my colleague or
the Senator from Vermont when the contract
with the Collins line expires by limitation.
Mr. COLLAMER. In two years.
Mr. MASON. 1 perfectly agree with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, although I would vote with my
colleague, under other circumstances, to rcduce
this compensation to the postage. As I under-
stand it, the Senate, by a preponderating vote,
refused to adopt the amendment of my colleague,
in reference to the Collins line, and have brought
them, by giving them immunities, into direct
competition with these two other routes by al-
lowing them to change their terminus to South-
ampton; and having done that, now the proposi-
tion insisted on by my colleague is, that although
these two routes nie placed at a great disadvan-
tage, weshallstill fui thi'i disable them by reducing
them to the ocean postage while the Collins line
remains on its contract with the additional im-
munities. It seems to me to bo plaemg them in
unfair competition, and I should be strongly dis-
posed to extend the privilege asked by the Post-
master General, because it is but for a single year.
1 do not know how it can be iemedied,and that,
too, upon the admission of my colleague—no gen-
tleman understands the subject better, I take it
for granted—that these two other lines have al-
ways discharged their con tracts faithfully, whether
at a loss or gain, and we know that the Collins
line has been in a state of decrepitude, and has
lived only upon the largesses and bounty of the
country.
Mr. HUNTER. I admit thnt,in my opinion,
these two lines are entitled to far more consider-
ation from the Government than the Collins line;
but tins is a question of principle. My colleague
agrees with me that we ought to put down, if we
can, giatuiues to occan steamers—tiie idea of
maintaining an ocean postal system at the ex-
pense of the Treasury, if 1 vote to renew this
contract on the old system, tin n 1 commit myself
to restore it. The evil is done, not in refusing to
ivstoie the old system so far as these two lines !
are concerned, but m permitting the Collins line
to go to Southampton. So far as the annual com- j
pensation is concerned, we cannot avoid that. 1
That is said to be contract; we are obliged to give j
that; but we could have avoided the permission j
to land at Southampton instead of Liverpool, and
I did my best to prevent that. I at first agreed
to it; because I supposed it was merely giving an |
advantage to the Collins line, w ithout injuring any .
one, until I was better informed; but the moment '
I found out, or was induced to believe, that the i
effect was to injure, perhaps destroy, the other I
lines, I did my best to retrieve the error so far as i
that was concerned; but I, for one, cannot com-
mit myself to the principle of restoring the old
system of supporting ocean postal lines out of the
Treasury. The effect of this will be that we must
return to the bill as the House sent it to us; and
if we do, I, for one, cannot vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance is proposing a radical change at a
time when I am sure we have not leisure to de-
liberate on it. If a new principle is Co be applied
to the whole system, I think we had better do it
another year after due deliberation, preparation,
and discussion of the subject. I have not had the
subject explained to me sufficiently to understand
it in all its details, and yet I can see most clearly
the injury which is to be wrought on these two
lines. I do not myself concur in the view that it
is better to take the postage as the amount of com-
pensation; I think we had better give these com-
panies a fixed amount, though it should be less
than the postage. We had better take the amount
the postage would be in ten years as the receipt
of the Government, and then fix an amount an-
nually to be paid to the company less than that.
They would then know what to rely upon. Fluc-
tuations dependent materially on the action of
our own Government should not be thrown on
the contractors who carry our mail. We have it
m our power, by governmental action, to increase
or diminish the amount of travel and amount of
correspondence, and this burden should not be
thrown on the contractors, they having no con-
trol over the subject. I am* perfectly willing to
take what would he the average for a term of
years, and fix it per annum or per trip. But I do
not hold that this whole subject of steam naviga-
tion is to be treated as an invasion of the Treas-
ury, and an outrage upon public propriety, for if
the steamers arc valueless for any good purpose
in time of war, and I believe they are, they are
nevertheless schools, and they establish work-
shops, where engines can be built, and steam
vessels can be built, that will answer war pur-
poses, and the sad lessons that we have learned
in this Collins line, will be worth to the Govern-
ment many million dollars in the future, if we
should ever have to erect a great steam navy. I
think there is a manifest injustice in the operation
of the bill towards these lines, if you intend to
keep up the ocean mail routes at all. If you in-
tend to discontinue them, say so, but I think the
notice is too short, and I prefer, therefore, to ad-
here to the form of the bill which the House gave;
allow them to go on for this year, giving the ap-
propriation stated by the House, and give this
contingent sum which will be at the disposal of
the Postmaster General; and if in another year
we can perfect a system which is better than this,
and mature the arrangement, let it be done on due
deliberation; let us examine it, and vote upon it.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order, at the present
time, to move a reconsideration of the last vote?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw my proposed
amendment,
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate agreed to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, striking out in lines
ten and eleven, " $230,000," and inserting, the
amount of postages, ocean and inland, received
by the United States, in and out, by the vessels
employed in such service."
Mr. REWARD. 1 hope that that motion will
prevail, and that the views expressed by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I agreed, in the Finance
Committee, that this amendment should be re-
ported as it now stands, and 1 have heard nothing
which has induced me to change my opinion. I
shall say lint a very few words, fori do not wish
to protiact the debate, and 1 have been as quiet
as most gentlemen. I cannot accede to the pro-
position that we arc doing anything unfair to-
wards the two lines spoken ot, by refusing to
make an appropriation out of the Treasury for
the purpose of continuing them. They ma'de a
contiact for a specific time, and all the obligation
that rested on us was to perform our contract,
and all the obligation on them was to peif'orm
theirs. It is conceded that the contract was per-
formed on our part and on their part, and it went
to the end of the time fixed, thus fairly performed
on both sides. Now how can any gentleman say
that, by refusing to make an appropriation to con-
tinue that for another year, we are dealing unfair-
ly by them in any possible way. We made no
contract for the continuance of this service be-
yond the period limited. We did not agree to
continue it for a year or a month. They took
the hazard, they took the risk when they entered
into the contract, of its being ended at the time
fixed. What injustice have we done to them by
our action in regard to the Collins line ? We con-
ceive that we are under an obligation to the Col-
lins line to continue their contract for two years
longer, and we must pay them the money stipu-
lated, provided they perform the service. We
think it is for the interest of the United States
that, instead of going to Liverpool, as they have
gone heretofore, they may go to Southampton.
There is a contract that remains for us to per-
form, money that we must pay if they perform
the service, and if it is better for them and better
for us, why should it not be done ? But these other
lines step in and say, " you are interfering with
our rights." What rights have they against us ?
What claims have they upon us? They agreed to
do a certain thing for a certain sum of money;
they have done it; we have paid the money. They
say this will interfere with them. What is that
to us ? Have we not justas good a right to run a
line to Southampton as anybody else ? Have we
not the same right, if it is to our interest, and if
we are obliged to pay our money, to dnectthe
Collins line to go there, if it is willing to go; or are
we to stay away and not allow it to do what is
beneficial to lis simply because a contract was
once made between us and them, which contract
is now at an end ? Upon any grounds of fairness
or obligation, one way or the other, I do not see
that there is the least ground of complaint. We
have the same right to send the Collins line to
Southampton that any individual could have to run
a line there, and certainly we could not prevent it,
for he would have a right to do it. Then, upon
the ground on which this claim is put, I see not
the least objection in the world to this amendment.
It is said, let us continue this until we can look
at it deliberately. Do we ever look at such things
more deliberately than we do now3 This matter
is as perfectly understood by Congress as it ever
will be; we know what the operation of these
lines has been so far; wc know what has been
accomplished; we understand the difficulties; we
understand all the principles. The question comes
up as a very simple one; will Confess at this
session change the system so far as it can change
it, and say, ii Wc will give the postages to any
person who chooses to continue the line which
has heretofore been running, and for which we
have been paying something more or something
less, as the case may be, but we will give that at
any rate, if they choose to continue it under ex-
isting circumstances to Southampton or to Bre-
men as it has run heretofore?" The Finance
Committee, I think I may say unanimously, came
to the conclusion that it was best to make that
experiment, that now was the time. I do not
understand the absolute necessity we are under
of sustaining these lines; I do not know that the
country would suffer much if they ceased. So
far as the business of building steamboats, and
making steam-boilers and steam-engines is con-
cerned, there is no danger in the present state of
steam navigation in this country, or any other
country where it is carried on, that that business
will cease, simply because we refuse to sustain
by money out of the Treasury a couple of lines
running to Southampton or elsewhere. There is
no danger on that head.
Then, the simple question returns, what does
the public good reqmie? Is there any such piess-
ing necessity or such necessity of any kind upon
us as to require that wc should not only pay the
postages, but pay an additional sum for sustain-
ing these two lines when their contracts have
ended, and when they have ceased to have the
slightest claim on us in the world; or is theie
any reason "why we should not make just such
arrangement as is most beneficial to the country
and to the service ?
Now, sir, allow me to say that, although there
is certainly no gentleman in the Senate for whose
opinions upon all questions, and more especially
upon questions of this character, I have more re-
spect than I have for those of the honorable Senator
from Vermont; [Mr. Collamer,] I cannot agree
with him on this occasion. 1 see a wide distinction
