mm,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISM
am entirely familiar with the transaction referred
to in the newspaper extract which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Spinner] attempted to sub-
mit to the House, and know that there is nothing
whatever in it in the least discreditable to the dis-
tinguished Senator alluded to, or to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office-, or anybody
else. The insinuation proceeds from mere party
malice, and as one of the friends of that Senator
I am perfectly willing to have the matter investi-
gated {Cries of "Order!"]
- The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SICKLES demanded the ye$.s and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olin, and
Craige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Avery, Bocoek,
Bryan, Burnett, Caskie, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockei ill,
James Craig:, Burton Craige, Davis of Indiana, EdmnnU-
son,English, Florence, Foley, Houston, Jackson, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Lamar, iVfaclay, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton,
Phillips, Reagan, Ruffin, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Sickles,
Singleton, Wmsiow, Wortendyke. John V. Wright, and
Zoliicofier—37,
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Brayton, Jiuffinton, Burhmtame, Bimoughs,
Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Chirk, Horace F. Ctatk,
John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Comma, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Mai > land, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dodd, Farn&wonh,
£e.nton, Foster, Giddings,Gihxian,Goocli, Goodwin, Giow,
Harlan, J. Morrison Ilairis, Thomas -L. Harris, 1-1 ask in,
Howard. Hughes, Kelsev, Kilgore, Knapp, Leitei, Love-
joy, Millson, Mtffrgan, Fieeman II. Morse, Olivei A. Moi>e,
Mott, Munay, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pcttit, Peyton, Pike,
Potter, Robbing Roberts, Rovce, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Talbot, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood, Wal-
biidge, Walton, JSliihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
and Wilson—79.
So the House-refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Campbell's
motion to lay on the table Mr. Florence's mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered on the resolution proposed
by Mr. J. Glancy Jones.
Mr. JACKSON. No quorum voted on the last
vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that a
quorum should vote on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. Is it in order to move that the
House take a recess until seven o'clock this even-
'mcr?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the transaction
. of any business without there being a quorum
present.
The SPEAKER. The fact whether or not
there is a quorum present will be ascertained by
the vote on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, on which the yeas and nays have been de-
manded.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Craige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 17, noes 70.
So the yeas arid nays were not ordered, no
quorum voting.
And then, on motion of Mr. MOR.SE, of Maine,
(at four minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 27, 185S.
Prayer by P^ev. Julius C. Grammes.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the chief clerk of the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, the petition and papers of Find-
ley Patterson, heretofore referred by the Senate
to that court; which, on motion of Mr. Bigler,
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
information in relation to the cost of the public
prilltingand advertising during the last five years,
other than that ordered by Congress, at each of
the printing establishments in Washington, under
what authority executed, and whether any change
in existing laws is necessary to insure a proper
economy m that branch of the public expenditure;
which, on motion of Mr. Hamlin, was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received yesterday from the
House of Representatives, were severally read
twice by their titles and referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims:
A bill (No. 100) to revive an act entitled "An
act for the relief of the heirs, or their legal repre-
sentatives, of William Conway, deceased."
A bill (No. 909) for the relief of the represent-
atives of William Smith, deceased, late of Louis-
iana.
A bill (No. 211) for the relief of the heirs and le-
gal representatives of Pierre Broussard, deceased,
A bill (No. 214) for the relief of Regis Loisel,
or his legal representatives.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Aixkn, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Hpuse of Representatives dis-
agrees to the first and second amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858, and
agrees to the third amendment of the Senate to
the said bill; which, on motion of Mr. Hunter,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS BECOME LAWS. ^ '
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed , on the 7th of April, an act to provide for
the organization of a regiment of mounted volun-
teers for the defense of the frontier of Texas, and
to authoiize the President to call into the service
of the United States two additional regiments of
^volunteers; and on the 19th of April an act for
the relief of tjie legal representatives or assignees
of James Lawrence; and, on the 21st of April,
the following;
An act for the relief of Major Jeremiah Y. Da-
shiell, paymaster in the United States Army;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Alexander
Stevenson;
An act for the relief of N. C. Weems, of Lou-
isiana; and
An act for the relief of Francis Wlodecki.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWAItD presented the petition of R. J.
Todd, praying a reduction of the postage between
the cities of New York, Brooklyn, and Williams-
burg; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GW1N presented a petition of citizens of
California,praying that an appropriation may be
made for the survey of the harbor of Crescent City
for the purpose of constructing a breakwater;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of residents of
Solana county, California, praying the establish-
ment of a weekly mail route from Nurse's Land-
ing to Suisuu City, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He al-so presented the petition of citizens of
Calusa, California, praying the establishment of
a mail route from that place to Marvsville; wnich
was referred to the Committee on the Post Orlice
and Post Roads.
He also presented papers in favor of the hdop-
tion of Oliver Evan Wood's plan for the safe de-
livery of letters sent by mail to California, Oiegon,
and Washington; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
California, praying that an appropriation may be J
made to pay the expenses incurred by that State j
in the suppression of Indian hostilities; which was !
referred to the Committee on Military Afiairs and |
Militia. . !
filr. SEWARD presented the petition of Eliza ]
H. Hcrndon, widow of W. L. llerndon, late of;
the Na\y, praying to be allowed three years' full |
pay of her husband as a commander; which was ;
referred to the Committee on Na\ul Aftuirs.^ ^ !
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition ot Jo-
seph Brobest, praying the payment of certain eon- ,
tinental scrip" receivedby his father in payments
for services as a sotdMrln the.revolutionary war*
with interest thereon; which was referred, lotte:
Committee on Ci&irris. " - . ■■ "■ _ - -
Mr. GrWIN submitted the following, resolu- :
tion; which was considered by. una«im'(Sus: con-
sent, and agreed to: '
Resolved, That the Connnittee on the Post Office and
East Roads be instructed to.inquire iiito the ('.rpfdie.nc.y <)£;
establishing a mail route from the city of San Francisco via.
Alviso to San Jos6, California. '
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A messsCge from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House hail signed a bill (H. R. N.o.
359) for the relief of Duncan Robertson; \frhicfy
thereupon receive'd the signature of the President
pro tempore.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous, con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 296),
amendatory of an act entitled " An act to estab-
lish two additional land districts in the Territory,
of Minnesota,'' approved July 8, 1856; whicti
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SE WARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint, reso-
lution (S. No. 32) for the benefit of the widow
of Cojnmander William Lewis Herndori, United
States Navy; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Lem-
• uel Worster, submitted a report, accompanied by
i a bill, (S. No. 2M,) for the relief of Lemuel Wor-
; ster. The bill was read, and passed to a second
: reading; and the report was ordered to be printed
! Mr, MALLORV, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
David D. Porter, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill, (S. No. 295,) for the relief of Da-
vid D. Porter. The bill was read, and passedto
a second reading; and the report waa ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No, 2§.7} to
amend an act entitled " An act granting U pen-
sion to Ansel Wilkinson," approved August 13,
1856, reported it without amendment.
l Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Finance,
j to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 98) to au-
| thorize and direct the payment of certain moneys
[ into the treasury of the State of California, whicfy
; were collected in the ports of said State as a revenue
; upon imports since the ratification of the treaty of
j peace between the United States and the Repub-
< lie of Mexico, and prior to the admission of said
[ State into the Union, reported it without amend-
ment.
I Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
, nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
i 5) making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Inr
! dian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1859, re-
' ported it without amendment, and gave notice
; that he should ask for its consideration as soon
j as the report of the Kansas committee of confer-
ence should be disposed of.
i SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFTCE.
! Kr. BRODERICK. I introduced a resolution
1 of inquiry on Wednesday last in regard to the
post office at San Francisco. I hope the Senate
will lake up that resolution and pass it.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
i resolution;
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
furnish the Senate with a quarterly statement s-howins the
abrogate amount collected at the po-t office at San Fian
oisco, over and above the lawinl postage, toi hox-retiU ftoon
July 1. 16.34, to December 31,1S57, and that lie bo requested
to inform the Senate what law, or what lobulation of the
Department, authorizes the collection of the bume; add also
whether the po ima?ter has any legai atuhonly to dtserim-
jpote agjun&t one clan? of citizens, and in favot of another
class, by withholdm;? letter-*—as letters are withheld at the
San Francisco post office—from thope who will not submit
to the exaction for box-rents, until at !e:t*ran horn afk'r let-
ters are delivered to ihoac who do thus submit to the e.rae-
no n.
Mr. GWIN. The chairman of the Committee
on the Post QiKee and Post Roads. [Mr. 1 ulee]
