1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&S7
between the internal domestic post office service
and the post office service abroad. I believe the
post office establish mentis principally for the ben-
efit of intercommunication between our own citi-
zens here at homo, to promote commerce and all the
benefits of intercommunication in various ways.
We are bound to provide for it, in my judgment.
It is not confined, as the Senator from Georgia
supposes it to be, to the mere consideration that
the man who writes a letter should pay for car-
rying it in all cases. There is something beyond
that. But I shall not go into that question. Any-
body, it strikes me, can see a difference between
providing for communication between oar own
citizens, in different parts of our own country,
which should become acquainted with each other,
which should be interwoven with each other in
every possible way, (and the intercommunication
tends to promote union and the general benefit;
for the post office arrangements in the United
States of necessity bring about precisely what we
wish to accomplish in these particulars,) and the
establishment of great lines of ocean steamers
plying to foreign -countries, connected with alto-
gether different considerations from any of those
on which the post office system is established—
considering it to be a system, and a system of im-
portance. There is a similarity between them in
one particular; that is to say, if you establish the
principle, as applicable to ourselves at home, that
the post office should support itself in one place,
it should be made to support itself everywhere, !
and should be equal, so far as domestic concerns j
are interested; but it is a very different question |
when you come to contrast that domestic system I
with a system of interchange of communication ]
with foreign countries, connectcd with trade, the j
building of ocean steamers for naval purposes, and j
everything of that kind. I have seen no reason j
to change my vote; I do not expect to convince
anybody else, but I wish to enter my dissent to
the doctrines that have been advanced.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Virginia desires, as I understand him, not j
to have the Government of the United States com- j
milted to any system of contracts in the carrying
of the mails across the ocean.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say so. I said con-
tracts by which they were supported out of the
Treasury of the United States, and were not to
be self-sustaining.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The time for arranging
this system, it seems to me, will be when the con-
tract with the Collins line shall have expired —
which will be m about a year and a half or two
years hence. Then the whole system of our ocean
service can be arranged upon a proper b«tsis. So
long as we give this bonus to the Coilins line, and
u is a fixed sum to be paid out of the Treasury,
and give them the privilege, also, of terminating
their route at Southampton, it seems to me we
should be doing injustice to any competing lines
across the ocean if we were to confinc them alto-
gether to the uncertain sum which might be pro-
duced in the mean time by the postages that may
be received for the carrying of the letters upon
the vessels employed in these lines. I do not
understand that this proposition, contained in the
bill as it comcs from the Elouse of Representa-
tives, is a proposition that we are to employ a
particular individual, or a particularline; but that
it is open to free competition; perfectly open for
the Post Office Department to ask, if you please,
for scaled proposals to carry the mails on these
routes, just as you would upon the land. It is
not, therefore, a monopoly any more than the
carrying of the mail upon the land is a monopoly.
It is to be done by contract, it is true—a contract <
to be entered into between the carrier and the '
Post Office Department. It is utterly impossible !
to have the mails earned in any other way than !
by contract; and, in order to save ourselves from ;
monopoly, and to introduce free competition, 1 1
agrie'with the Senators who have said that the
last thing m the world Congress should do would .
bo to undertake to direct the Post Office Depart- ;
ment to make a contract with a particular mdi- i
vidual; for that gives to him a monopoly which ;
cannot be justified; and in voting for giving this !
sum to (he Collins line, I do it only because we j
are under a contract to do so, binding, in good j
faith, up^n the Government. j
Mr. PUGIi. Bar, let me suggest to the Son- |
atoi, you aie under no contiact with Mr, Coilins ■
to run his ships to Southampton. You are giv-
ing him a new privilege, in addition to all the
rest.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Wc are authorizing the
Postmaster General, if he shall think it best for
the interests of the Government, to allow Mr.
Collins to terminate the route at Southampton.
There will be uncertainty in relation to the amount
of postages to be received; there will also, I ap-
prehend, be this difficulty produced, if this line
be confined to the postages: there will at once'
arise a competition between this line and the other i
lines across the ocean—a competition to see who
will get the mails and carry the letters; and there
may be difficulties in ascertaining the amount,
difficulties in relation to the contracts; and we
may bring around Congress a very large outside
influence, that would be interested in increasing
the rates of postage, in order to enlarge the amount
of compensation which might bo received by the
various lines. For myself, i agree with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi m opinion, that it is better
for us, in whatever contract we make, to fix a
given sum. We may base that sum upon the av-
erage amount of postages that have been received;
but the sum should be fixed from year to year,
and sealed proposals should be received, and the
contracts let out to the lowest bidder. I hope the
Senate will reconsider this amendment; and, as it
only continues this service for a single year, I do
not believe it will amount to any such committal
in favor of the old system as will prevent the Sen-
ate overhauling the whole subject when we shall
have got through with the monopoly which is held
by Collins under his contract.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider; and they weie or-
dered.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Georgia, Mr.
I vers ov, and myself paired off on the Collins line;
and though this is not the same subject, it is a
similar one, and I decline to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. \llen,Bell,Bright,Bioderiok. Cameton,
Chandler, Clink. Coiiamer, Davis', Dixon, Dooliitlo. I'\)~
tci, [I.ilr. KenneJv, IWd&on, Seward, rttuiut, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wti'ilif—
N WS—Brown, Clay. Chwiman, Fe^-fnden.
Fitch, Fit/.patrick. Hanilm, Hammond, Houston, iluntet,
Jolm-nii (>t Arka! ?aJ, Johnson of Tonne—-ec\ Jone-, Kma.
Maiioi v. Real, Thompson of K.cntuckv,Toomh>, and Yalee
—19.
So the motion to reconsider prevailed.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say a single word
explanatory of the vote I gave to reconsider the
former vote on this amendment. I understand
that the Collins line, having two years of its con-
tract unexpired, and with very laige bounties,
has, by a vote of the Senate to-day, been brought
into necessary competition, by being allowed most
favorably to change its European terminus, with
the Bremen and Havre lines. I understand, fur-
ther, that the contracts of both these lines ex-
pired some twelve months ago, and the Dtemen
line refused to continue to carry the mail for the
postages, hut the Havre line continued to dis-
charge the service for the postages. The discon-
tinued B«cmcn line was taken up, after a fashion,
by Mr. Vanderbilt, of New York, who ran for
the postages when it was convenient for him to
do so, and discontinued it when it was inconve-
nient; that is to say, as I am informed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, he discontinued it in the win-
ter, and earned the mails only in the summer,
when there was travel.
Although I shall vote for the proposition as it
comes from the Post Office Department, 1 do not
at all understand that I am committed to any
principle of establishing steam lilies, as a subsidy
upon the Treasury. I am against that principle.
I am prepared either to discontinue the ocean car-
riage on the part of the Government altogether,
or to have the mail carried on the ocean for the
postage; but I think notwithstanding that, when
we have in our servicc these two lines, both of
them receiving less rates than are paid to the Col-
lins line, and the Havre Jine, especially, receiv-
ing a less rate than was paid to her associate the
Bremen line, and when we have, by a vote of the
Senate to-day, as I understand it, brought one of
these contractors, the Havre line, that has dis-
charged the service faithfully, into competition
with one which enjoys the patronage of the Gov-
ernment, I am entirely at libeify to sustain the
other line, at least for one year, without any de-
parture from the principles which I am prepared
to adhere to when the proper time comes for the
adjustment of this matter. I shall cheerfully vote
to sustain the proposition coming from the De-
partment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I may not understand this
matter, and I should like to be informed by some-
body who does understand it; but it appears to
me that this is one of the most extraordinary
propositions upon which I have ever been called
upon to vote. It seems that persons are willing
to carry these mails for the legitimate returns, the
postages. It is proposed, not to allow them to
do so, but to saddle the Treasury with an expense
of $230,000 a year, and that, too, after we have
authorized another company, to which we pay
$387,000 a year, to carry every particle of mail
matter between here and Southampton. We have
authorized the terminus of the Collins line to
be changed, so.that it may take the whole mail
to Southampton; and then we propose to give
another company $230,000 for carrying the mail
theie. That is the way the question stands now—
the precise and naked question. The result, in
my judgment, will be that Mr. Collins need not
even turn a wheel. It is known to the Senate
officially, that persons will carry mails for the
postages; and yet we say we will give Mr. Col-
lins $387,000 a year to carry them. What is to
prevent Mr. Collins allowing the man who can
carry them for the postages to do so, and pocket
the difference? I suppose this contract will amount
to a douceur of ha! fa million to Mr. Collins without
the least difficulty. It must be worth that in the
open market, lie is to'carry the mails to a place
where you can get them cariied for nothing, for
I call it nothing where you only allow the post-
ages; but you propose to pay him $387,000 to do
the very service that you can get donefor nothing;
and how easy it will be for him to turn it over to
those who willdo it for nothing. Who supposes
that he will not sell it? Who would not sell it?
Why should he not sell it? It is simply giving
him a bonus of half a million dollars, without
doing a particle of public service.
Mr. COLLAMER. I pcrccive that I have not
been so fortunate as to be entirely understood by
the Senator from Georgia. In the first place, I
deny that letting Mr. Collins go to Southampton
is necessarily any interference at all with the Bre-
men and Havre lines. It may be, or it may not
be; and whether it will be or not, can be determ-
ined by the Postmaster General, on theproper ex-
amination of the question. He can ascertain from
the people concerned m the Bremen and Havre
lines whether they regard this as an interference
or not.
Mr. TOOMBS. Suppose the contractors on
those lines say it is not,and they withdraw: Col-
lins then has the contract, and what is to prevent
him from making an arrangement with them?
May there not be collusion ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not mean to neglect
the gentleman's argument, at all; I shall attend to
it before 1 sit down, but I wish fiist to attend to
some misapprehensions independent of that point.
1 go now on the ^umnd that both lines will run.
Tiie gentleman seems to suppose that both lines
will not run. That will not follow, at all. Mr. Col-
lin^'s contract is to do the service twice a month,
in ships of a certain size and magnitude. These
other people have no such vessels. They were
not required to have them by their original con-
tract. They cannot fulfill his contract. There
can, therefore, be no such collusion as the Sena-
tor supposes. 1 am going upon the ground that
Mr. Collins will, as a" matter of course, m order
to get the amount of pay you give him, do the
service.
Mr. HUNTER. Why cannot they fulfill it?
If Collins omits half the trips, the decision is that
he does not forfeit his contract, but only forfeits
his pay for those trios.
Mr."COLLAMER. Pie forfeits the whole pay
for every trip he omits to make.
Mr. HUNTER. Why cannot they fulfill his
contract?
Mr. COLLAMER. He must fulfill it with his
ships twice a month, or forfeit the pay.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that any
particular ships 8ie required.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir. By his contract
ships of a certain magnitude are requned.
