1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WM
  ■?
up to this, moment; and now, for the first time^
auer these long concessions, di^fr ^nehlserhe fitJ£ar
threatened; the penalty of being5 remjtt|d ipA&i
nit el y to a territorial condition Is held out jf. the*
people dp not accept"a,constitution tKafc ^■el^no^V",;-
is obnoxious to then^ . \ - :
I say, Mr. President, that it doesjntoi.fepg|ai^
to me thatthis is fair;'and although f Bel0n|f?"a
every man must do, to some part or some section 4
of the country, I want to see jnsti.ee doner Mf*
experience teaches me that justice alone is a las/?-*
ing foundation, in public or in private
everything dear and valuable. Tt is the onty
unshakable, imperishable foundation, and upeftf!
that basis alone can the connections and relations'
between States and nations be calculated on as'
permanently settled. Nothing else will do. The,
affections of the human heart may aid, I trdstt.
have aided, I hope will long continue to-aid.h^
strengthening this permanent foundation which-
justice herself has made; but these are transitory;
and changeable. Circumstances may create a flow'
of kind feelings; circumstances may produce a;
fatal end to them. They will not do fora found-
ation. Like a foundation that is laid upon the sand'
or upon the water, it is unstable, changeable. Jus-,
tice is eternal, everlasting. If you want to secure
it, the attempt merely to get up a good,feeling for
the moment is not sufficient. It may be a remedy
partially, for a day or for an hour;'butthatis"nofe
what we want. We want somethingthat shall last'
That is justice. Justice will quiet everybody. *
Then is this justice? You want to quiet all
these agitations. So do I; no man more than l«
Anything and everything that was in my power
would I do to accomplish the object. Let us try*
impartial justice: no crimination, no retaliation.
Do justicc. Upon that we can stand firm, and
defy all the accidents and chances of time or cir-
cumstance. That is my mode of giving security
to the North and to the South, to the East and to
the West; and without it there will be no perma-
nent peace, there will be no tranquillity. Evil gen-
erates nothing but evil; injustice generates noth-
ing but injustice; and her steps are constantly
fiom bad to worse. Now, I ask, is this right?
it just? That is the question the Senate ought
to consider. Each gentleman can resolve it for
himself. I have given the reasons which have
guided me to the solution of that questional which
I have arrived.
We hear, Mr. President, a great deal about
this section and that section, and a man's alle-
giance to one section and another section. Within
a certain limit and scope, this language is allow-
able enough; but, sir, take my case. What is
the position of my State? I know, in the soit of
political geography which has been made of our
country, in spite of its natural geography, the
extremes of North and South have swallowed up
all the States; but what propriety is there m this ?
is there not a great western section, geographic-
ally, as well as a northern and a southern sec-
tion? In my country we call ourselves western
men. Geographically we have that position in this
Union. You have an extieme to the north, with
its peculiar employments and its peculiar opin-
ions. A different state of things exists at the ex-
treme south. You are both upon the ocean; but
where are we? We are in the Great West—we
are the Great West. Though not equal at this,
time, in point of population, to cither the north-
ern or the southern section, we are destined to
be more in population than both of them put to-
gether—destined to have more of the surplus of
the products of the earth in our hands than all
the rest of the United States; occupying the most
fertile region of the world in all that is necessary
for the subsistence and comfort of mankind; and,'
in the language of that famous French writer, De
Tocqueville, occupying a region the finest and
the most glorious that the Almighty ever made
for the habitation of man. That is our country
in the West. We touch no ocean; we are inte-
rior. We lie in no connection with the Noith;
we are far from the South.
What peculiar interest does this geographical
position of ours give us ? North and South may
occasionally have, their passions excited to think
that one or the other would be better off in the
case of a dissolution. We know that; we have
seen some symptoms of it, unhappily for us all.
We have heard the expression of such senti-
ments. These are the sentiments of extremes, far
calling another convention, which convention, be-
fore the next session of Congress, the bill sup-
posed, would have formed a constitution, which
would have been acted upon, and we should come
here finding Kansas a State in the Union—at any
rate, the question put out of our hands; for if
tjiey rejected this, we provided the means of their
making another. This bill says, if they reject
this, there is no means of their making another,
and they shall not have another; it shall be post-
poned indefinitely; and we here authorize them,
when they have obtained a certain amountof pop-
ulation, but not till then, to make a constitution,
thus leaving this vexed and vexatious question
open, to pour out further troubles on the land.
It abandons, then—and that is all it does in
concurrence with my idess of the proper course
on this subject—the Lecompton constitution, by
agreeing to submit it to the people. It does no
more than the House bill did on that point. In
all the rest it is faulty; in all the rest it is a poor,
maimed imitation of the bill of the House, worse
for every change that has been made, and by these
very changes creating insuperable obstacles to pre-
vent those who view it as I do from giving their
concurrence to the report of this committee. I re-
joice at it so far as they go to abandon the Le-
compton constitution; but, sir, how strangely are
the views changed upon this subject, which will
be satisfied with this report of the committee here ?
The President, in his special message, after ar-
guing the question and recommending and urging
us to adopt the Lecompton constitution, among
other reasons says it is the shortest and quickest
way to close up this Kansas question and all the
agitations that have grown out of it. That is one
of the President's inducements. He tells us that
will be the consequence. He tells us if we do not
agree to it dangerous results will follow. This
was the argument here. What now do the com-
mittee of conference propose? They abandon the
President; they abandon all his reasons; they
abandon his recommendation; his authority is set
at naught; and what do they do? After having
given the President much reason to believe that,
to this extent at least, (that is, of shortening the
method of settling the Kansas question,) they
concurred with him in opinion, as the arguments
of gentlemen did on the original bill, they now
turn round and say it is far from their purpose to
adopt the shortest and the quickest way for the
admission of Kansas, to quell all these disturb-
ances, and to quiet the land, by admitting her into
the Union; that is not their purpose at all; now
they say to her, if she does not take this thing
she shall not come into the Union; she shall wait
—how long I do not know; the Piesident does
not know. All the celerity of movement to a par-
ticular goal is laid aside; and now if the President
concuio in it, as if it were in resentment on his
part, which 1 would not attribute to him—but re-
sentment itself could not have dictated a course
more calculated to avenge the wrong of refusing
the Lecompton constitution absolutely, than the
one which is now proposed, that unless they take
it they shall not come into the Union for an in-
definite time—by the adoption of this amendment
his friends say to the President, and by this re-
port the committee of conference say to him, " we
do not care whether that time is long or short; we
do not agree with you, sir, on the question of the
Lecompton constitution or a continuation of all
difficulties and all the disturbances and all the
perils which have grown out of it in the country."
That is the action that is the legislation of Con-
gress, if this report be adopted.
I do not wish unnecessarily to enlarge on this
subject. I have stated the main reasons why I
cannot vote for the report. It seems to me to be
in perfect consonance with the prejudices and sus-
picions which have been excited in Kansas, that
the committee of conference propose a change in
the board to govern the election which the bill of
the House prescribed and authorized. That au-
thorized four commissioners, the Governor, and
Secretary of the Territory, two officers of the
President's appointment, and two individuals of
the Territory who might be, the one the President
uf the Council, and the other the Speaker of the
House of Representatives of the Legislature. Any
three of them were to constitute a board. Noth-
ing, therefore, could be done in the board without
one of the President's appointees being there, or
one of the people's appointees being there. Here
the board is increased to the number of five, and
another officer of the President's appointment—
the district attorney of the Territory—is added,
making five, any three of whom may act; so that
the judges appointed by the Presidentjto guard this
election will constitute a majority, and can decide
anything and everything, and have the election in
their own hands. We know that this matter of
regulating elections has been one of the great
causes ofjealousy and suspicion and complaint in
Kansas; I need not say how justly, for that is not
in question; but we have evidence enough unques-
tionably to show that the public mind there has
been full of jealousy, full of suspicion, of those
who regulated theirelections. It has been charged
that they controlled them by pretended votes, by
false returns, or by one unfairness or another at
the polls—polls which were governed entirely by
party judges. The bill of the House proposed
to take them out of the hands of party altogether,
so that neither should have any right to complain.
It proposed to have a power above party in this
particular to govern and control this election. We
chose men who, by their official stations, stood
high, and whose integrity might be relied upon;
but this committee propose to add a fifth, which
destroys the character of impartiality—that char-
acter calculated to repel suspicion, and repeljeal-
ousy. This is comparatively a small affair, and
I would give very little consequence to it; but the
other is the main ground of objection, as it seems
tome. It is not fair; it is notequal; itisnotjust.
I ask my fiiends of the South, if the case were
reversed between the North and the South, what
! would the South say to such a mode of submis-
! sion ? What would the South say to the North
if the North proposed to her, " we will submit
this constitution; we will say that if you accept it
we will give you land; we will give you immedi-
ate admission into the Union as a State; we will
say to all the aspirants in the Territory,' you
who want to be Senators, you who hope to obtain
that honored place, you who want to be Repre-
sentatives from the new State, (and these are gen-
erally the first and influential citizens,) to you we
offer immediate admission, and the immediate op-
portunity of obtaining these cherished and hoped
forhonois; but reject it, and you shall be indefi-
nitely postponed.' "That is not fair. What would
the South say if the case weie reversed, and the
North were to put this form of question to a pro-
posed State that had a majority in favor of sla-
very and a slave State? Would they not think it
very hard? 1 would. I would spurn it; I would
[ resist it—iesi«t it to the utteimost. I would de-
li mand for those of my section a fair election upon
I equal terms.
j You have waited too long for the application in
I this case of a rule requiring a certain population
I before Kansas can be admitted. I believe, as far
| back as the last Congress, the bill of my friend
i from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] proposed to tuuhor-
! ize them to come into the Union with the num-
bers they then had. I voted for it; and we made
this exception m lespect to Kansas, on the giuund
not meiely of light on her part, but because she
was the source of so much trouble, and so much
agitation throughout the land, that we desired to
suppress the evil, and hnradnussion was thought
to be the best mode of doing it. The proposition
for her admission in that bill, I am certain, was
l! founded upon and moved by these patriotic and
just considerations, on the part of my friend from
Georgia, even then. As long as there was a hope
of establishing the Lecompton constitution arbi-
il tiarily on these people against their will, did any-
i body heai any serious objection made to it on the
ground that they had not the lequisite popula-
tion ? No, sir. It is now only announced; and
, comingm this way, it does come as a penalty upon
j the people. All our legislation has been based
' on the idea that m this exceptional case, to guaid
against the mischiefs that Kansas had created
throughout the country, we would take her into
the Union, bind her in the Federal chain, and
;l leave her to herself, to drag that chain along as
;! she could or might, to have upon her all its obli-
>j gations, to govern herself, and to govein herself
at her own hazard; and thus, to use a familiar ex-
pression, localize all the trouble she might create
among her own people, and confine it to them.
We have pursued that policy; we have proceeded
upon that concession upon every side, and by
every one; we have legislated upon it throughout
