1858.
THE CONCESSIONAL &LOB&'
rm
zens voted for me There wag one nationality,
however, which did not vote for me.
Mr POTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know what is the question before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
striking out the resolution reported by the major-
ity of the Committee of Elections, and inserting
the resolution reported by the minority.
Mr. POTTER. Well, sir, I shouldhketo know
what the remarks of the gentleman from New
York have to do with the question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor to
confine the gentleman within the rules of order.
Mr. HATCH. The gentleman will find out
before I get through, that my remarks are rele-
vant. I am coming- to his side of the House before
I close. I was goini? to say that there was one
nationality which did not vote for me. The ne-
groes in my district do not think enough of the
Democrats to vote with them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man is hardly in order in discussing this ques-
tion.
Mr. HATCH. Well, sir, then I desire to have
read at the Clerk's desk, the grounds upon which
Brooks contests this case. The charges which he
makes here, as the ground for this proceeding, are
as follows—and I think they are broad enough to
embrace all the subjects I wish to bring to the at-
tention of this House:
"That the alleged election held on the 4th of November,
185". under which 3 on claim, was in fact no election at all.
'•That intimidation, force mid fraud weie used by the
party whose nominee you were, tos-uch an extent as to de-
prive the proceedings of that day of ail the true chaiacter-
istics o| an election.
"Thatl<u«c numbeisof qualified voters weie excluded
from the polls on that day by thieat and by violence.
" That both before and on the day of election, threats and
actual violence towaid< naturalized citizens, became >0
iiotouou<4, that that class of voters weie almost entuely
disfianclnsed.
'• That persons desiring to vote one ticket were compelled
to vote the other.
That your party by its organization, by the doctrines it
promulgates, by the oaths it imposes, having aroused ani-
mosities between difieient elates of our citizens, a con-
spit aey was loaned by and between cei tain club.-!, or otders,
or councils, or persons in the party whoso nominee you
wete. to intimidate and exclude large numbers of legally-
quahfied votcis, and thus catry the election—and that this
conspiracy was carried into effect by fraud, foice, and in-
timidation.
" That m pursuance thereof, certain associations hearing
disgraceful and tcriific appellations, have been admitted
members of your party, and supplied with money by its
prominent membcis,an(l that thnyarrned themselves for the
pm pose of overawing and controlling the qualified voters of
this city.
"That further conspiring, the managers of your party
provided a ticket for the election on the -1th day of Novem-
ber, i857, bearing umjjrm red (.ftipcs, visible, howsoever
folded; thus enabhngyour partisans to detect the sentiments
of the voter andde^tiojing the^eciecy of the vote by ballot.
<c That many of the polls weie held at plaec-> on the ex-
treme confines of wards, so as to brim* them near 10 tiie
polls of wards noted for violence, and for being biromiholds
of jour party; and that Mich locations were unusual,* illegal,
inconvenient, and for the purpose of pioduciug fear m the
minds of ourcitizens.
"That violence was used by clubs and members of your
party at the elections held in this city in the fall of 1836,
and of this year, to such an extent as to render this con-
spiracy more eacy of being carried into effect.
" That persons were not permitted to hold tickets adverse
to your party at most of the polls 111 your distnet.
" That the police refused to keep open the access to the
places of voting, and, with few exceptions, to art est poisons
assaulting voter* at the polls.—they being raenibeis of your
party, and members of, or recommended as policeman by,
the various clubs, councils, or ordeis, charged herein with
conspuaey to prevent a fair election.
" That the ' Supeuor Council,-" an organization of prom-
inent members of your party, who have taken certain so-
termed degrees, directed the stuping of the tickets, the
holding of polling places, and other matteis in fuitheiance
of the conspiiacy herein chaiged.''5
Mr. Speaker, the question now before the House,
in the view I take of it, is not a contest between
the sitting member and the contestant. It is not
a question between Davis and Brooks, and I hold
that in the line of remarks that I am going to
make, I have the right to refer to any of the
grounds upon which Mr. Brooks claims here to
set aside the return of the sitting member. This is.
notacaseof Brooks. Brooks being overwhelmed
by the municipal authorities, and stricken down
by mob force in the city of Baltimore, says there
has been no expression of the popular will there,
and he asks this House to pursue the investiga-
tion to the proof of that fart. I hold that he has the
right to ask this of the House. This case, in my
opinion, involves the history of those secret or-
ganizations of the couirtry. Their oaths, and
the whole subject-matter connected with them,
are before the jHouse, and I want to inquire into
them.
Every man knows—it is notorious, it is unde-
niable—that in every city in this Union where
this proscriptive, bigoted Know-Nothing: party
has had power, they have secured that power by
blood and violence, and have held it by blood and
violence. This is not a mere question of the elec-
tion in the cityof Baltimore. All the adopted
citizens of the country are interested in it; ay,
sir, and the perpetuity of this Government and
the progress of self-government arc concerned in
it; for if you cannot protect the ballot-box, your
liberties are gone. You must be ruled by the ballot
or the bayonet. All governments which have pre-
ceded us have been so ruled. We are trying a
most fearful experiment in government, and our
only hope rests upon the purity and integrity of
the ballot-box.
The sitting member here is charged with being
a member of the Know Nothing party, and the
representative of that party. The fact is not de-
nied. Now, sir, I want to know whether the
gentleman has taken the treasonable and uncon-
stitutional oaths of that organization?
Mr. BURROUGHS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for the purpose of asking a
question ?
Mr. HATCH. I do not choose to be inter-
rupted. I do not mean any discourtesy to the
gentleman; but I have a certain line of argument
which I wish to pursue, and need the whole of
my hour to conclude it in. I was saying that I
wanted to know, and the country wants to know,
whether there are members of this House who
have taken these treasonable and unconstitutional
oaths? That is a part of the allegation here. And
now, sir, I propose to send to the Clerk's desk the
oaths of that organization, which I ask to have
read.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, is it
in order to have read what the gentleman has sent
up to the Clerk's desk, in a debate upon the ap-
pointment of a commission to take testimony? I
object to it as irrelevant to the subject-matter before
the House for discussion. It is not, in my opin-
ion, at all pertinent.
Mr. HATCH. It is read as apart of my speech.
It is a matter of convenience. If the Clerk does
not read it, I will read it myself.
Mr. BOWIE. I hold that the reading of the
paper sent to the Clerk's desk by the gentleman
from New York is pertinent; for if there was
violence m Baltimore, as there no doubt was, it
was caused by this secret organization.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I trust that the point
of order will be withdrawn, and that the gentle-
man from New York will be permitted to make
his speech in his own way.
The SPEAKER. Tiie Chair is of the opinion
that it is competent for the gentleman from New
York, either by argument or by any paper which
he may read, to discuss the points which have
been made by the contestant 111 his application.
This report is predicated upon the application or
memorial of Henry P. Brooks. The Chair thinks t
that it is competent for the gentleman fiom New '
York to comment on whatever of allegations of
fraud and secrecy and oaths, there may be in that
memorial.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I suppose under
the decision of the Chair that it would be compe-
tent for the gentleman to discuss which is the
worst party: the Know Nothings or the Demo-
cratic party.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has hurriedly
glanced at the memorial, but he does not perceive
that that question is referred to in it.
Mr. CLAY. What is tlVfe paper which it is
asked be read by the Clerk'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to in-
form the gentleman.
Mr. HATCH. It is from the Morning Express
of the city of Buffalo, a Republican paper, that
must be regarded as entirely sound by tiie other
side; for it had, during the last canvass, a flag
with sixteen stars flying at its mast-head, and
preached a social negro equality which, as usual
with the political priests upon the other side, it
did not carry into practice. j
The following are the oaths, and I ask every ,
man who holds any respect for the free action of I
citizens in their political, social, and religious!
-! V,
■I
relations, if thSy are not eminently treasonable
in their character and pernicious tn their effiectir
upon the political relations and character of "the
citizen? Read them carefully and ponder them
well in all their requirements: '
"You, and each of you, ot" your own free will and ae-
cord, in tiie presence of Almighty God and these witnesses,
your right hand resting on the Holy Bible and Cioss, and
your left hand toward Heaven tn token of your sincerity,
do solemnly promise and swear, that you will not make
known to any person or persons, any of the sign*, secrets,
mysteries, or objects of this organization, unless it be to
those whom, after due examination or lawful information,
>ou shall find to be members of tins oiganization m good
standing; that you will not cut, carve, print, paint,stamp,
stain, or in any wat, directly, or indirectly, expose dnv 6f
the secrets or objects of this order, nor suffer H to be dons-
by others, if in your power to prevent it, unless it be for
official instruction ; that so Ion? as you are connected witli
this organization, if not regularly dismissed from it, yoti
will, m all tiling, political or social, so far as this order is
concerned, comply with the will of the majbrity, when &x-
piessed 111 a lawful manner, though u may conflict wftll
your psr&oual pieference, so long as it does not conflict
with the grand State or subordinate con-tiiutione,the Oon±
stitution of the United States of Amcrica, or that of thd
State in which you reside; and that you will not, under
any circumstances whatever, knowingly iceommonci aft
unwoithy person for initiation, nor s-uffeiit to bo done if m
your power to prevent it. You ftmhermote promise and
declare, that you will not vote, nor give your.influence, for
any man for any office in the gift of the people, unless he
be an American-born citizen, in favor of American borti
citizens ruling America—nor if he be a Roman Cathohe;
and that you will not, under any circumstances, ctpo^e th0
name of any member of tills order, nor reveal the existence
ofsuch an oiganization.
"To all ihe foregoing you bind yourself, under the no
le^s penalty of that of bain? expelled from thw order, and
of having your name posted and cueulated throughout the
different councils of the United States as a peiiurer and all
a traitor to God and your country, as being unfit to be em-
ployed, intrusted, countenanced, or supported in any busi-
ness transactions; as a person totally unworthy the confi-
dence ot good niHi, and as one ar whom the finger of scorn
should ever point—so help yoo God."
The second oath is as follows:
" You and each of you, of your own free will and ac-
cotd, in thepiesciice of Alunghtv God and thot-e witnesses,
your loft han<i testing 011 yournght breast, and 3*011 r right
hand extended to the flag of your counliy, (io solemnly and
sineeiely swear, that you will not, underanv circumstances',
disclose"in any manner, 1101 suflei it lo be done by others if
in jour powei to pievent it, the name. Mgti, passwords, or
any secrets of this degiec ; that you will in all thing* con*
form to all the lules and regulations of this order, and to
tne constitution and by-laws" of tins or any other council to
winch you may be attached, so Ions a*? they do not conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, noi that of the
State in which you reside ; that you will, under a!) circum-
stances, if in your power so to do, attend to all regular signis
and summonses that may he shown or sent to" ynu by ft
brother of this or any other degree of this order; thnt you
will support in all political matters for alt political offices the
second dezreememberf of thh ordert piovided it be neeessdry
for the American interest*! that it may be done legally; yoit
will, when elected to any office, remove v\\ foteipwrs, aliens,
or Hainan Catholics from office, and that you will not ap-
point such to office—all this you promise and decline on
your honor a-> Americans to sustain and abide by, without
anv hesitation or mental reservation whatever, so help yoii
God and keep 3*011 steadfast ,J
The man who takes upon himself these oaths,
and submits himself and his action to their direc-
tion and requirements, yields up entirely and
totally his freedom as a citizen. He is not per-
mitted for a moment to consult his own judgment,
conscience, principles, or sense of duty.
Mr. ED1E. Before the gentleman resumes, I
would like to propound an interrogatory to him.
Mr. HATCEI. I wantall my time, and I there-
fore decline to yield the floor.
Mr. ED1E. Thisisan important matter in ref-
erence to this case.
Mr. HATCH. I hope it is, in the gentleman*4-
estimation; I decline to yield.
Mr. EUST1S. I ask leave to have read fchef
report of the Committee of Elections, which wilt
throw more light on this subject than what the
gentleman has had read.
Mr. BOWIE. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HATCH. I decline to yield the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Does the gentleman say that
what the Clerk read is from the Buffalo Mornittg;
Mr. HATCH. Itis from tliatpaper, the sound-
est Republican paper in New York State. In this
connection i desire to say, that this secret political
organization, extending throughout this Union,
is founded upon a hatred of race against race, and
religion against religion. This is an important
inquiry, and therefore it is one which should be
prosecuted before the country. I will not dwell
on that point now.
What is the power of this House ? Congress
has authority over elections. Article first, sec-
tion four, of the Constitution, provides " that the
