ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
separated, with different institutions and to some
extent different interests, leading occasionally to
harshness offeelingon eitherside. Whenatariff
is refused, perhaps n or thern men think they would
be better off without the Union. The South has
occasionally thought, you know, that she would
be better without you. All these opinions may
be honest,but all these variances of sentiment lead
to one deplorable effect—the breaking of our great
Union, the destruction of the mightiest hopes of
man, the destruction of the mightiest hopes that all
mankind might derive from our example of public
liberty and public prosperity. For the reasons I
have mentioned,North or South maybe occasion-
ally of opinion that their interests would be ben-
efited by a separation—opinions honestly, it may
be patriotically, entertained; but what must ever-
lastingly be the sentiment of that great western
region of country to which I have alluded ? Their
interest, if I may call it so, their peculiar interest,
is the Union, There never can be a time when
any one of us in that section can think it is our
interest that this Union should be destroyed. I
ask gentlemen here, coming from the region of
which I speak, how many men are there that you
Have found m that region who countenance for a
momenttheidea of disunion? They are all of one
mind—instinctively of one mind. Instinctively
they understand their interest; and that is the
great pervading motive of mankind on which alone
durable relations can be established. What is
your interest, you of the West? I have paint-
ed your condition feebly, and your productions.
What are you to do ? Are your products to rot
upon your hands and to be the cause of pesiilence
among you? No; but it must be so, unless you
can find vent for them somewhere. Where are
you to go? If a dismemberment of the Union
takes place between the North and South, you are
©pposed to that, forever opposed to it, because u
is to take away from yon one of the means of ac-
cess to the ocean and to the world, and to the marts
of the world, for the sale of your productions. If
there was a division between North and South.,
the West might be occluded entirely enher from
going to the markets of New York or going to
jNfew Orleans, without being subject to toiU and
taxes; and could that be borne? It would be a
mighty burden for them to bear. It is their in-
terest to avoid that burden. It is their interest,
their peculiar interest, and must ever remain so,
to keep the Union together, in order that they
may have that mighty scope of free trade which
they now enjoy. They will always have more
to sell than any other equal number of people on
thefaceoftheearth. They have more than would
glut New Orleans, more than would glut New
York, if it could all be poured there. We want
all these accesses. In our very position there is
a. local, a natural, a destined patriotism so far as
the Union is concerned. We must be found in it.
Our prosperity, I may say, if not our existence
as an agricultural people, depends on the pres-
ervation of the Union, and all the means for ex-
portation and for commerce that both the northern
and southern sections afford. We must, go through
both sections in order to find maikets abroad for
those products which are not to be consumed in
our own country. We ore enlisted and bound by
an everlasting and perpetual bond of interest to
stand by and protect the Union for the sake of the
commerce, and for the sake of the freedom of trade
tyhich it, and it alone, secures to us. This is our
peculiar interest. The North may have its; the !|
South its; this is ours. You of this region ought H
to consider yourselves as bound by this interest, j!
if possible, to superior care and vigilance over its |j
preservation. We, having this interest always |,
to guide us, an instructive as well as a judicious Ji
guide, standing between thesetwoextremes,ought j:
to take care that justice bu done by one extremity j!
to the other. We have no interest, gentlemen of j,
the North and South, that is not yours so far as
mere union goes; but sve have an interest beyond j,
that; we have a material, a peculiar interest m the ii
preservation of the Union of these States for the j;
sake of the trade and the market which if gives us. i'
This ought to govern our actions. Wc should
consider ourselves as the appointed guardians of
this particular interest, having a deeper stake than
others in thepreservation ofthe Union, and bound j'
to stand together in every fretful moment of dis- !i
content between the North and South to see that ij
equal justice be done to both and to all.
This is the position which I feel for myself and
my brother Senators who represent that section
of country; and I wish it were so that these great
political truths were known and recognized, even
in half their value, by every man who lives in that
region, much less every one who represents them.
We should be then as a sentinel set up in the Con-
stitution, to watch over the Union, for the sake
of protecting that which we shall be sure never
to forget—our local and material interests. That
will keep us awake constantly. We can have no
prejudices against North or South. Our prosper-
ity, to a great degree, depends upon them. We
hail and cherish them all as our fellow-citizens,
all as parts of the grand whole which constitutes
us a mighty nation, now talked of in all the courts
of Europe as one of the great Powers of the earth;
and but a few years shall sweep over us, when,
instead of being one of the great Powers of the
world, we shall be ranked as the greatest Power;
when our word and our law, our words of justice
and our laws of liberty, shall be heard of and
known throughout the habitable globe. What a
glorious mission and what a bright day of pros-
perity is thus presented to us! Aie we, the des-
tined heirs and inheiitors of such a mighty land
as this is, to lower our thoughts to the practice
of little arts and little policies, about the terms
and conditions on which a little feeble Territory
is to be admitted into the Union? Are we to be
distractcd with this Lecompton question? Is it
fit for the consideration of men, born as we are
to such a mighty destiny—men from whose loins
is to spring a generation who shall have a Gov-
ernment wider than imperial Home possessed?
Cannot we deal with these little things that dis-
turb our peace, without allowing them to excite
us into any acts that may even apparently be un-
just or uneq'il—excite us to any unjust and fret-
j ful legislation on any subject?
| The very thoughts that an; natural to a citizen
I of these j>reai United States should prevent it. If
■ ho will hut raise Ins eyes from the ground on
which he tieads, if he will lift up that lace which
God lias giv>n him to look to heaven, and look
forward, is there not enough to swell the heart of
the nation, to trlve it a dignity and consequence
in its own contemplations, to raise it above all the
little mists and fretful policies of the day? Wc
have only to think of ourselves, to appreciate our-
selves, to act up to ourselves, and then tread in the
paths of justice, disdaining to do anything but
justice, equal justice—not only not to do injus-
tice, and \ am sure intentional injustice is not de-
signed by any member—to do not only justice,
but to avoid the suspicion or appearance of injus-
tice in our conduct towards the different paits of
this great and mighty family. This is the object
I have endeavored to accomplish, with but little
effect, 1 know. I have acted in a spirit of entire
abandonment of every selfish purpose and every
selfish feeling. I may be altogether wrong in
these views. I have done what I thought best
for my country and my whole country—best for
every part of it. The best way of protecting the
peculiar interest of every section is by doing equal
justice; and that you may be sure I will always
do, aceouhng to my conception, where the South
is concerned. She shall have justice; the North
shall have justice; every portion of my country
shall have jiu-.tice as I understand it. it is in that
spirit, a spirit ineflensive m itself to any one, that
[ have endeavored to make good my opposition to
this Lerotnpton proceeding.
Mr. President, with these remarks, and thank-
ful for the attention with which the)' have been
received by the Senate, I will not trespass longer
011 their pat.ence.
Air. HUNTER,. Mr. President, as I think the
Senator from Kentucky has entirely misconceived
the propositionpresented by the committee of con-
ference, I must beg the indulgence of the Senate
for a few moments whilst I present it in what I
deem to be its true shape.*
The proposition of the committee of conference
is the substitution of an entirely new bill in place
of that which passed the Senate, and in place of the
amendment which was proposed by the blouse of
Representatives. This proposition affirms that
the people of Kansas elected a convention of del-
egates who assembled at Lecompton, and that
through that convention these people formed for
themselves a government. It affirms that this
constitution having been examined, h: found to bo
republican in its character. It thus acknowledge*
not only the authority of the Lecompton conven-
tion, but it acknowledges the validity of their ac-
tion; it receives the constitution presented by them
as the constitution of the people of Kansas, and it
admits that the application which they have made
for admission into the Union, is the application
of the people of Kansas speaking through their
convention.
But this proposition, in its preamble, goes a
little further. It refers to the fact that the people
of Kansas, through their convention, have pre-
sented an ordinance in which they proposed to
concede their right to tax the property of the Uni-
ted States, upon condition that certain grants of
land should be made to them. It affirms that this
ordinance is not acceptable to Congress,but that
Congress is willing to make them the same grant
that was made to Minnesota, which is the same
that was proposed by the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky; and is willing to give them
that much on condition that they will surrender
or concede the taxing power over the property of
the United States; and that, if they are willing to
do so, they are to declare their wish by a vote of
the people, a majority of those voting to determ-
ine the question; and, when they shall say that
they will agree to this contract thus modified,
then, upon that vote, they are to be admitted by
proclamation of the President.
Accordingly, this bill proposes to enact that
Kansas shall be received into the Union with the
Lecompton constitution upon equal terms with
the other States; upon the fundamental condi-
tion, however, that she shall signify, by a vote of
her people, their acceptance of this modification
of the contract which Congress proposes. It then
proceeds to offer an alternative proposition in the
event that a majority of the people of Kansas
should determine not to accept this modified con-
tract, and not to be admitted into the Union under
it. It then provides that there shall be no more
conventions; that they shall not offer themsehes
for admission until they have population enough
to entitle them to one member of the House of
Representatives according to the existing ratio.
Now, I maintain that both of these propositions
are entirely right in themselves, and perfectly
consistent with the previous action of the Senate.
The bill passed by the Senate recognized the
authority of the convention at Lecompton, and
the validity of their action; and it proposed to ad-
mit Kansas with the constitution framed by them,
but admitted her upon the fundamental condition
that she should concede her right to tax the prop-
erty of the United States. There it stoppeu. It
did not proceed to provide for the event that the
people might not choose thus to modify this con-
tract and to enter into the Union on these terms.
The proposition of the committee of conference,
and the bill passed by the Senate, are alike in these
respects: both acknowledge the authority of the
Lecompton convention; both admit the validity of
the constitution framed by that convention; both
act upon the principle that Congress has no right
to require that constitution to be submitted to the
people; both recognize that principle fully and
entirely; both admit the State conditionally; that
is to say, upon the condition that they shall cede
away the right to tax the public lands of the Uni-
ted .States.
But the proposition of the committee of confer-
ence goes further than the bill of the Senate. The
bill of the Senate stopped there, and did not seek
to provide for the contingency that a majority of
the people of Kansas might not accept this mod-
ification of the contract winch we propose to them.
The bill passed by the Senate took the nsk that
the people in that troubled region might assemble
| in convention and dcclare that they would not ac-
j cept this condition, and would therefore be out of
| the Union. The bill passed by the Senate pro-
| vsded for none of these contingencies, but acted
j upon the supposition, as has been done sometimes
before, that the people of Kansas would concur
in all these things, and risked the chances of meet-
ing these difficulties. The scheme of the confer-
ence committee goes further. It provides especi-
ally for the difficulty I have just suggested. It
says,before we admit you you must say whether
you will concede away the taxing power for this
modification of the grant which we have given
you. If you are willing to concede away the tax-
ing power for the consideration we now offer you,
