2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Awl be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Geneial
be, and he hereby, directed to provide for and maintain,
it" practicable, at a cost not to exceed, in any instance, the
sea and United States inland postage on the niai Is conveyed,
a weekly mail to and from Europe by United States mail
packets, to alternate at regular intervals with the British
nia.il packets plying between New Yoik and Liverpool and
Boston and Liverpool, the preference to be given to such
line (ir hue^ of Ameiican steamships, suitable in all le-
s-pects forthe service, as shall offer the best permanentcon-
tract.
I do not know that I can succeed in making
myself heard, but I have a very few words to say
in reference to this amendment. I apprehend
there can be no objection to it from any quarter.
It does not propose to disturb any existing con-
tracts. The Collins contract stands upon its ori-
ginal terras, with such modifications as Congress
may make. The routes to Havre and Bremer
Haven, via Southampton, will stand as indicated
by the amendment of the Senate. The purpose
of this amendment is to enable the Postmaster
General to make an experiment with a line which
will, if successful, relieve Congress from applica-
tions for special post lines so far as correspond-
ence with Europe is concerned, and will relieve
the Treasury of the necessity of sustaining them.
The passage of this amendment is the more
necessary in consequence of the determination of
the Senate, in which I have in a great degree con-
curred, to recognize the continuing existence of
the Colhns contract up to its termination, and to
permit the Postmaster General to continue the
service, if he chooses, on the routes to South-
ampton by the other lines. This is necessary in
order to prevent a monopoly—a monopoly both
as to place, and as to parties; as thus: as mat-
ters stand now, if you do not give the authority
to the Postmaster General to make other contracts
for postages, he is without authority of law, and
can make no other contracts than the existing
one with Collins, and the contracts to Havre and
to Bremer Haven, by way of Southampton. If,
then, Portland, or Boston, or Philadelphia, or Hal-
timore, or Norfolk, orNcw Orleans, or any other
port of the United States, pomes forward to the
Post Office Department,and proposes to makeup
a line to Europe, taking the postages for its pay,
he cannot make the contract with them, because
he has no authority of law to make such a con-
tract. He could not originate a contract, and the
law does not authorize him to take from the
Treasury the postages collected, and therefore
he cannot make a contract with any other port
in the United States, except New York. Thus
every other port mn^t give up all possible hope
of competition, or rivalry with New York, until
Congress may otherwise provide by further legis-
lation.
But it will not only be a monopoly as to place,
itwill be a monopoly as to parties; because, as the
existing authority is limited to a contract for one
year, and no parties will build steamers to take a
contract for one yeai, because it will requne a
year to provide steamers for such service as that
to Europe, the Postmaster General is limited to
the parties now owning steamers, who are in a
condition to carry on the service. This legisla-
tion, if it stands as it docs, creates a monopoly
as to place, and a monopoly as to party, which
it is utterly out of the power of the Post Office
Department to overcome.
In this view, this amendment would be proper;
but in the general view, which induced the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to pre-
sent it, it seems to me eminently desirable that
it should be adopted. All the calculations made
at the Department, show a result, from the Euro-
pean correspondence, of $1,47.3,000—about a mil-
lion and a half, if, as the Postmaster General
thinks, he can establish a line of good steamers,
alternating weekly with the Cunarders, he can se-
cure to the Treasury of this country one half those
postages, which will be nearly eight hundred
thousand dollars, and then he will have a sum
equal to that which the Cunarders now receive,
and which will give fifteen or sixteen thousand
dollars to the voyage—a sufficient amount to main-
tain a good line of steamers. Tf, then, with the
ability to make this experiment, he should be able
to create a good service, when the Collins con-
tract expires, two years hence, you will be re-
lieved of the necessity of making special legisla-
tive provision for any other line. If we propose
to make the experiment, it is necessary that it
should be done at once*, because, if advertised now,
it cannot go into operation under a year, and it
would require another year to test the experiment.
If it is proposed to try, before the Collins con-
tract expires, in 1860, whether we can substitute
a better system, now is the time when we must
do it. If we defer it to another year, it will be
too late. If it shall not be successful; if, in the
two years during which we give the opportunity
to the Postmaster General to make the experi-
ment, it shall result in a failure, then, when the
Collins contract expires, we shall be able to con-
sider what, if any, other course is proper to be
pursued in aid of this service. Certainly no harm
can follow, no person would be interfered with.
Mr. Collins and his line will receivejustas much as
through the experiment were not making; and the
lines proposed to be provided for in the clause
just passed, upon coming under this system, can,
as they have done in the last year, be perhaps the
objects of the experiment. They can try whether
they cannot do it, and if they cannot do it, there
are other parties who can come in. There are
many lines running without compensation, and
if you enable the Postmaster General to use fif-
teen or sixteen thousand dollars per voyage, as he
can, if he establishes a^ood line, you enable him
to say to Norfolk, " Come forward with your
line; you may have the fifteen or sixteen thou-
sand dollars; I will give you the postages.'! Let-
ters can concentrate there as well as at New York.
He can say so to Portland, to Boston, and to
other ports; and thus you will have the oppor-
tunity, within the next two years, of testing, on
fair terms to all parts of the country and to ali
parties, the experiment of opening to the rivalry
of all the commercial towns of the country and
of all those who are engaged in steam navigation,
the establishment of mail lines; you will dispense
the Government aid and favor equally to all
classes, and to all capital disposed to engage itself
in this enterprise. I think there is no aspect in
which any party advocating any interest which
has manifested itself in this body can object to
the experiment proposed by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTE'R. I like the principle which the
Senator from Florida proposes to adopt; but it
seems to me this amendment will accomplish a
result he would not desire himself. There is a
part of this amendment I would be willing to vote
for so as to allow the Postmaster General to make
contracts for carrying the mails for a limited term
of years, from any ports except those for which
he now has rontracts; but this goes further, and
allows weekly service from New York to any
port of England.
Mr. YULEE. It is not limited to New York.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not limited to New York;
but I say that poit ought to be excepted. It al-
ready has a line iccemng an annual stipend,
and the consequence might be, according to this
plan, that you would have a line running from
New York for the postages, and you would have
the Collins line running under an annual stipend.
Both could not be maintained, and Collins would
be certain to get his annual stipend.
Mr. YULEE. The provision carries its anti-
dote with it in this respect; no line will be will-
ing to take the service for the postages, unless it
is so arranged, and the circumstances are such as
to insure them a reasonable income. If, there-
fore, the interference of the Collins line would be
such as to diminish the income of another line,
they will not take the contract.
Mr. HUNTER. Suppose there was a secret
understanding with Collins, of which the Depart-
ment knew nothing. Suppose one line take the
service for the postages, and Collins assigns his
contract, and they thus have the postages and the
annual compensation besides.
Mr. YULEE. Then, at all events, the exper-
iment will have gone successfully into operation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the honora-
ble Senator from Florida that he add an amend-
ment to lus proposition, that the actual running
of the lines commence after the termination of the
Collins monopoly,and,in the mean time, all this
advertising can go on and preparation be made,
and then there will be no interference between
the two.
Mr. YULEE. The objection to that is, that
the Collins line is under contract only for twenty
trips a year, twice a month during eight months
in the year, and only once a month during the
remaining four months. Now, in order to make
this experiment successful, we must, if possible,
engage in the service a line of weekly steamers,
part of which will be the Collins steamers. There
is no desire to interfere with them; but the addi-
tional steamers will be so arranged as to make
an alternate trip with the Cunarders weekly, and
thus divide with foreign Governments the income
from the ocean postage. I have no objection to
the alteration suggested by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the "noes"
prevailed by the sound; but
Several Senators called for a division.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this vote is very char-
acteristic. It seems to be the policy of the S.enate
to-day, that these mails shall not support them-
selves. It seems to be the favorite policy of the
Senate to take money out of the public Treasury
for this service, and, not to restrict it to the post-
ages, and, therefore, I think they are perfectly
consistent in voting down the proposition that it
shall be self-sustaining. I think we have only to
go one step further, and make ocean postage free!
I am very much in favor of the movement of the
Senator from Florida; because if you will give
bonuses to Collins, I do not want to prevent the
Postmaster General from making contracts with
anybody else. The amendment only allows him
to make contracts with somebody else, who will
carry the mails for the postages. It proposes to
let the Postmaster General provide for carrying
the mail from some other place than New York,
and by some other person than E. K. Collins,
and to give nothing in the world for doing it but
what the carriers earn; that is, the postage on the
letters. I cannot see any objection to that; but
it seems the Senator from Virginia does; I am
amazed at him. Does he not wish to have the
Department support itself? Does he wish to re-
strict this service to Collins, and to New York5
Mr. HUNTER. Either the Senator from
Georgia or I misunderstand this amendment. It
is a fair proposition to carry the mails for the
postages,and to that extent it is good; but it does
more. It allows a weekly service to be carried
from New York to England for the postages, and
besides that pays Collins for carrying the mail.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think our friend from Flor-
ida understands it better. There is no idea of Mr.
Collins carrying it from Liverpool. Nobody
means that. He will run to Southampton.
Mr. HUNTER. All ho would have to do
would be to assign his contract to the postage
i contractor. The postage contractor would go,
and then, for the weekly service, he would get
both the postages and this annual sum.
Mr. YULEE I have no objection to the mod-
ification the Senator from Virginia wants. Will
this satisfy him ?
Provided, That no ship shall be engaged during the con-
tinuance ofthe contract with Collins St Co., winch follows
the fame route withuithe same week.
Will that do?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, that will do.
Mr. YULEE. The object is to secure a weekly
service. There is no desire to run a steamer on
the same week with Collins, and it is not likely
we can get one on the same week.
Mr. HUNTER. Strike out the words " with-
in the same week."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I ask the
I Senator from Florida, does not that amendment
| give one man the postages, while we already give
i Collins the pay?
j Mr. YULEE. I am agreeing to a proviso that
; he shall not run a steamer within a week on the
same route with Collins.
Mr. HUNTER. Leave that out about the
week.
Mr. YULEE. Then the difficulty would be
that we could not get any other steamer to run to
Southampton at all, and the country be reduced
to twenty trips a year to Southampton; and we
must run the others to some other port.
Mr.THOMPSON, of Kentucky. If the amend-
ment is adopted, it seems to me Collins is subsi-
dized; while another line gets the postages. Is
not that true, if they run on different days and
different routes?
