TSO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
time, place, and manner, of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof, but that
Congress may, at any time by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the place of choosing
Senators.M I refer to this, to show that Congress
has the entire power over the subject of elections;
that the framers of the Constitution reserved that
power; and it was conceded by the States. It
was done as a matter of safety, and for the pres-
ervation of the Union. In this connection I read
section eight hundred and fourteen of Story on
the Constitution.
"iNanswertoallsuchreasoningjltwasurged that there
was not a single article in the whole system more com
pletely defensible. Its propriety rested upon this plain prop-
osition. that every Government ought to contain in itself
the means of its own preservation. If, in the Constitutic
there were some departures from this principle, (as U might
be admitted there were,) they were matters of regret, and
dictated by a controlling moral or political necessity; and
they onaht not to be extended. It was obviously impracti-
cable to frame, and insert in the Constitution, an election
law which would be applicable to all possible changes in
the situation of the country, and convenient for all the
States. A discretionary power over elections must be vested
somewhere. There seemed but three ways m which it
could be reasonably organized. It might be lodged eithei
w,holly in the national Legislature ; or wholly in the State
Legislatures; or primarily in tiie latter, and ultimately in
the former. The last was the mode adopted by the conven-
tion. The regulation of elections is submitted, in the first
instance, to the local government, which, in oidmary cases,
and when no improper views pievail, may both conve-
niently and sdtislUctou'lv be by them exercised. Bur, m
e.\ aordiimry circumstances, the power is reserved to the
national Government; so that it may not, be abused, and
thus hazard the safety and permanence of tiie Union. Nor
let it be thought that such an occuneucc is- wholly imagin-
ary. Itisaknown fact, that, under the Confedeiation, lthode
Island, at a very critical penod, withdrew her Delegates
from Congress; and thus prevented some important meas-
ures- fioui being earned."
These views are fully sustained by the debates i
in the convention, and all the political writers of j
that day. I refer to them to show that Congress I
has the power, where elections cannot be prop-!
crly conducted and the rights of the people pre- ]
served, to go into the States, fixing the time and i
manner of holding elections, as they may, perhaps,
have to do in this very case in Baltimore, before
wc get through with it. The Federal power ex-
tends over elections, and it is all vested in Con-
gress. Tins would be, doubtless, a novel pro-
ceeding-, and should only bo resorted to in great
emergencies. Yet the constitutional right of the
citizens should be acknowledged and proclaimed.
Congressional constituencies should understand
thatVhen State or municipal governments, either
through neglect or fraud, fail to protect the citi-
zen in the free exorcise of the elective franchise,
that he has an appeal to a reserved constitutional
prerogative placed here for his pmtection. Here
it exists. It is undeniable. The power of the
I [ouse i« defined in article first, section five, of the
Constitution, which is in these words: "Each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members." Now,
sir, in my opinion, where violence has been used
at an election, I care not how the election may go,
whether the sitting member has taken this uncon-
stitutional and treasonable oath; and second, was
there violence and intimidation used? I am not
going to take newspaper accounts for that; for I
am going to refer to the testimony, and particu-
larly to the document which the sitting member
has furnished, and which will be found in mis-
cellaneous document No. 4*2, of this Congress. I
read from the response of the sitting member to
the memorial of the contestant: .
" I deny that intimidation, force, and fraud, or either of
them, weie used by any persons on my be half to such 'an
extent as to depuvethe proceedings of that day of all or any
of the true characters of an election."
It seems to be conceded here that violence and
intimidation were used, but that they did not come
up to the point that would destroy an election. It
is a tacit concession on the part of the member
that violence and intimidation were used. You
will observe, further, that he here says:
u On thecontiary, in my judgment, it was the most quiet
and peaceful election held in Baltimore foi many j cais."
I want the House to remember that. I have
been through many elections, and I leave it to the
House to determine what this sitting member re-
gards as a quiet and peaceable election in Balti-
more before I get through.
tc Indeed, it is not easily to be seen how anv election can
heboid in the foui th congressional dioiiict of Maryland here-
after. if threats and violence before the election aie to in-
validate it when held. Still less can the present condition
of my competitor be improved by another election, if, as he
suggests, the authorities of Baltimore aie "implicated''''—
especially since theie is no longer a Governor who will give .
bun the advantage again of martial law to secuie the/tee- ;
dom of the election."
This statement in the response of the sitting
member illy conceals the sneer at his competitor,
i that if this election were set aside it would be of
' no use. He says, in effect: " We beat you last
time when we had the municipal and judicial au-
thorities with us. Now we have got the executive
power of the State, and wc do not care how many
elections you go into with us." The sitting mem-
ber says;
4< I deny that intimidation, force, and fraud, or eithei of
them, were used by any person* m my behalf to such an ex-
tent as to deprive the proceedings of that day of all or any
of the true ehaiactors of an clecuon.
It will be seen that he always qualifies his state-
ments. Again, he says:
<• I am not aware that the House of Representatives takes
any cognizance of party organizations., documet*, or oaths,
or of the animosities they may have occasioned ; but if they
suffice to vacate an election, itmav he well tor a majority
of the majoiity of that House to look to their seats."
Again, he says:
" There were tickets with stripes on them, andsomc were
cast for mc ; but I suppose it quite immaterial whether the
tickets were white, or red, or striped, in the absence of any
law on the subject; and it would seem difficult to avoid the
objection, since any color is equally liable to the same ob-
jection."
This shows that the sitting member has no ef-
feminate weakness about color. He has not been
very particular about the color of the company
an election,! care not how the election maygo, \\ ... ....  ,
what the result, it is the duty of this House to h winch he has lately kept in this House, nor has
:lare the election void. What is an election? j| been particular about the color ot the votes he
or
dcclar
It is the choice, the free will, the liberty to act, or ;
not to act. They hold no election where violence j
or intimidation is used; and this House, it' there !
is no precedent, ought to set a precedent,and set ;
aside an election in ^ueh a case. It is important '
that it should be done for the preservation of the |
rights of three or four millions of our citizens who ii fused to inquire why people did not vote. (Bic
are scattered throughout the cities of the Union, j! ard w._Wnig, Election Cases, 1/S3-1831, pa
more especially through the Northwest. The ]
atrocious wrongs perpetrated by these secret or- ;
gamzationsupon equal and human rights through- j
out this Union call for action—call for a precedent.
This Government was not founded in the wisdom
of the past, but in the wisdom of the present-
faith in man's rapacity for freedom. The gentle-1
man from South Carolina seemed to be afraid that j any consideration at all. The intimidation and
has given here; in short, he has been as ready to
vote a black licket as a white one.
Again, he says:
" 'Die suggestions of terror and intimidation have been
held to be no legal srouud foi'disre«aicliilganactual inajoi-
ity. because a possible ui.ijoi ity intirlil have appealed on the
other side but for the terrnt and intimidation. Congress re-
(Biddle and Iticii-
ages 504, 51X3.
and 507.)'
The case referred to was an election which took
place in the Territory of Michigan, thirty years
ago, where the whole number of votes polled was
some six or seven hundred, about equal to the
number that would be cast m a ward election in
the city of Buffalo. The case really did not merit
we had no precedent! Why, sir, precedents are
very well; but that never should deter statesmen j
upon questions of national progress or safety. |
Mew phases must arise constantly in the devel- r
opment of our political history. There is no .
analogy for this Government in the history of the ;j
world". You have no precedent even for the Gov- ;j
ernment itself. Indeed, the Government has j
no means for self preservation against disunion,
North or South, except by the recognition of this j
constitutional doctrine. ;j
Now, sir, this House should inquire first!!
influence used on that occasion did not amount to
more than a pugilistic encounter, a common oc-
currence even in an election m the great city of
Buffalo.
I will now proceed to refer to the proclamation
of the Mayor of Baltimore, which document the
sitting member recognizes in his defense. But
first I will allude to some figures relied on by the
sitting member.
In the congressional election of 1855 and 1857,
the vote stood: For Mr. Davis, 7,988; for Mr.
May, 7,493. In that vote Mr. Davis had a ma-
jority of 495. In the congressional election, Davis
received 10,515 votes, and Brooks 3,979. In the
mayoralty election of 1856, the Democratic can-
didate received 12,337 votes, and the Know Noth-
ing candidate 13,905; leaving the Know Nothing
majority 1,568. The presidential election took
place two weeks afterwards, and on that occasion
blood flowed freely in the streets of Baltimore,
In that election the Know Nothings had a ma-
jority of 7,029.
I will not comment on these figures. The coun-
try will understand them. It was at these elections
of 1850 that the terrible names, to which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] alluded,
appeared for the first time.
1 now proceed to the proclamation of the Know
Nothing Mayor of Baltimore, Maryland, dated
September 19,1857. I regard itas good authority,
because it is brought here by the sitting member.
It would appear by the proclamation that this
Know Nothing Mayor wasagood law-and-order
man, and that he was going to have a peaceful and
quiet election—at least in the view that these peo-
ple have of a peaceful and quiet election. He says:
" It is due to the city of Baltimoie, m thn connection, to
state that there is perhaps no city in the Union where the
public press diavvs more largely for the entertamincntof its
readers upon the police letuins. This has placed 'he city
of Baltimore in a relation of disparagement—app iron t rather
than actual—and her true portion has been still further dis-
torted by the grossest and mostsh.imeful perversion of truth
on the pait ot ceitain rcpoiters of tiie daily press To their
effort to break down the city government and the police,
under the influence of excited party rancor, the city of Bal-
timore has been given up, without remoise, to the abuse of
the whole country.
" It cannot have escaped notice that for months past there
has been a systematic effort to break down the municipal
govemmen toft he city of Baltimore. There is haidly a week
that muiderous assaults are not made upon her officers in
all parts of the city. The executive has found himself with-
out support fiom a large class who claim to be lovers of law
and oider, and he has been left to maintain the peace of the
city as best he might, with the force placed at his disposal,
amidst the jeers and reproaches of those with whom it has
been his misfortune to diflTei in political sentiment.5'
I read this to show the temper of this paper,
and of these men who had in their control the
armed police of Baltimore:
" The recent municipal election, I regret to say, has not
; been without n* incidents of lawlessness and bloodshed.
i These, although limited in extent, have been of a character
! certainly without a precedent in our past history, becausc
i they have exhibited the spectacle of an armed force throuah-
out the city, directed solely and exclusively to bring the
government into disrepute by a war upon its police."
It seems there was no war upon the part of
these police, headed by the Know Nothing May-
or. Wc would suppose he intended to be facetious
here, when he speaks of an armed force against
his police, or that his imagination was disturbed
by the scenes of blood and violence about him. I
wish to remark here, that these men, in 1856,
settled that they should hereafter have a peaceful
election in the city of Baltimore. In other words,
they settled the question that they would hold the
elections of the city of Baltimore in their own way,
withoutbeingembarrassed bya Democratic oppo-
sition, as they have done ever since. Sir, here
ii this Mayor, after citing all his arrangements for
I this armed policc of his, in reference to the morn-
! iug of the election, says:
! "■ At half pist ten o'clock I made the circuit of the west*
! ern section of the city in company with the chief marshal,
1 communicating with the judges at thevanous precincts,
; and satisfying myself that everything was progressing in an
j oiderly manner."
| Sir, it seems that the first thing this Mayor did
' after starting out at half past ten o'clock, with his
i marshals and armed police, on election day, was
to visit a place called Jackson Hall, where a Dem-
ocratic banner was hanging out. He went there
with his armed police, and, according to his own
account, fired upon the persons assembled there.
He says:
" Under a heavy fire, they charged upon and took a cannon
which had been stationed to command the street, making
arrets of those who were in the act of firing, and making
! i prisoners of all who were in the house, besides capturing
i! their arms and amii.unition."
l' This was Jackson Hall. I have no doubt that
if all the facts were known, this Know Nothing
Mayor draws largely upon his imagination when
he talks about a cannon. But, however that
might be, he brought down the flas at Jackson
Hall, charged upon them there, took them all pris-
oners, put them in jail, and turned the key of the
■ bastile upon these poor Irish and German Dem-
i ocrats.
i I will now make the remark, that the contest-
