1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
ant, Brooks, alleged before the committee, and
has not been contradicted, that on twelve o'clock
of that day he went to every precinct in the city—
(recollect, it was about eleven o'clock that Jack-
son Hall capitulated to the gallant Mayor)—and
there was not a Democrat at any of the polls.
They had retired. That was a very peaceful,
quiet election—one of the peaceable, quiet elections
of Baltimore.
" About seven o'clocli. a dispatch reported that the Irish
had uscn upon the guard left in charge of the eighth ward,
had overpowered them by their numbers, and had shot of-
ficer Kidd."
So it seemed that the Democrats now and then
picked off a man; now and then fired back. Rec-
ollect, now, that this is the account of a Know
Nothing: Mayor. I am not reading from irre-
sponsible newspaper accounts. I read from the
official account of the Mayor of Baltimore, and
his statement will certainly be received by gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House as good
authority. But he goes on to say:
"Four of the policemen'were fired upon, and wounded,
by a Democratic crowd, on the morning preceding election,
m the vicinity of the Seventeenth Ward House,4rom which
a flie had been directed against a party of Citizens, who had
been pacing m that vicinity."
It seems that there were no Democrats to be
found at the polls. You will perceive that, by all
these accounts, Democrats were not to be found
atthe polls. They had been driven to their houses
by the martial movements of the Know Nothing
Mayor around the city, or shut up in prison by
his minions; and these Know Nothing judges of
election were, no doubt, holding a very peaceable,
quiet election. But the Mayor says:
"Party rancor may be pie^sed toofai. It has already
made the whole citv an ambu-cade, from which the officeis
of the law, in the discharge; of their duty, are fired upon
day and night. It has excited to frenzy a large class of the
foreign population, and has brought about a state of things
which no man can contemplate without regret.5'
I imagine this will show the admitted temper
of our adopted citizens there, and what was the
condition of things existing amongst them. The
Mayor again says:
"The absence of a large number of Democratic voters
from the polls in some of the vvairts, can best be accounted
for by themselves. \ saw no evidence of any combination
to exclude them from voting. It seemed to have been a
foregone conclusion, before the election, that they were to
take no interest m the contest."
And again:
" Of the twenty Democratic judge? appointed by me, all
resigned within a few days of the ejection, with the excep-
tion of mx Up to the latest hour their resignations were
banded in at the .Mayor's office, leaving it difficult to sup-
ply their places in time for the opening of the polls. In
some of the wauls rhe lesidem magistrates weie called upon
to officiate m the absence of the Demociatic judges."
Sir, every man knows that Democrats are gen-
erally at the polls. They are never absent without
good cause. The laboring masses who compose
that party know that it is only through the ballot-
box that their sovereign will can be expressed,
and their equal rights vindicated.
I understand that this same Mayor Swann re-
ceived some public testimonial from these " Plug
Uglies" and " Rip Raps,'' "Blood Tubs," &c.,
for the patriotism he showed in conducting the
election in so peaceable and quiet a manner, in
the city of Baltimore. st Blessed are the peace
makers."
But to follow up the history of this matter a
little further; prior to the election there seems to
have gone on quite a little controversy between
the Executive of the State and Mayor Swann. I
want you to bear 111 mind that the Governor of
the State was a Democrat. He thought there was
something wrong about the election in the city of,
Baltimore, and that he would come down theie ;
and sec about it; and he called out some troops.
Well,sir, Mayor Swann did nothke to have this ■
Democratic Governor there with his troops, be- j
cause if he had remained there, perhaps he could \
not have taken Jackson Halt. They went to '
work and obtained a number of certificates of ■
gentlemen of Baltimore, that the arrangements j
were complete, and that there would be a quiet ;
and peaceful election. The Governor yielded. He j
withdrew his troops. Yet, it seems, he had some '
doubtabout the withdrawal of these troops; while j
these people looked as though they were sincere, I
still he had some doubts on this subject. He ,
stayed in Baltimore. I will r£ad from his account j
of the election. He is no longer the Governor, j
the sitting member says; and says it, too, with a !
sneer, and that they have now a Know Nothing
Governor. Tiie Governor stated in his message
that—
" At the municipal election in Baltimore, held in October,
1856, an organized force was made apparent atthe polls,
wUich, mltsdirecimfluenco,wasimmediatcly feitby-natu-
ralized citizens. This class of voters was to a considerable
extent excluded from the exercise of suffrage; many of them
beaten, and others overawed and deterred by violence from
visiting the polls. Such were the representations made to
me, as&erted by a portion of the piess of that city, and meas-
urably conceded by all."
"In the Course of the day bloody and destructive riots
took place, and the subsequent recoid comprehended a list
of killed and wounded truly appalling. The city was tem-
porarily outlawed by its own fury; and it i« beyond all ques-
tion with me that, could the Executive authority have com-
manded military power at the moment of the emergency, it
would have been my duty then to have interposed, and over-
whelmed a lawless demonstration clearly defiant of the mu-
nicipal police. As the time appioached for the presidential
election in November, 1858, apprehension generally pte-
vailed that a recuirence of similar scenes was inevitable.
Political sentiment and party animosity were alike demon-
strative and violent, and peaceable and orderh} citizens, es
pecialty naturalized citizens, were utterly hopeless of those
decencies and proprieties essential to the freedom of suffrage.
In short, the large body of citizens composing the Democratic
party within the city of Baltimore saw the day of election ap
proach under the assurance thut they tooidd not be suffered to
record their votes, and on the other hand, would be exposed
to the consequences of the most reckless frauds. I repeat
these assertions as they were made to me ; and in view of
the returns of most of the wards of the city, I have no hes-
itation in thus officially layingthem before you.
" On the eve of the presidential election I proceeded to
Baltimore, and sought an interview with the Mayor of the
city, in the vain hope of such a cooperation of influence,
and moral and material power, as would insure the peace
oi the city, prevent blood.-hed, and secure to every citizen,
without respect to party, the e\ercisc of Ins political rights.
My overtures were ic pulsed with cold civihty." * *
" Again party animosity ran not thioughout the city: the
most desperate encounters took place, m which hundreds
of infuriated partisan's were engaged ; aims of alt kind a were
employed; and bloodshed, wounds, and death, stained the
record of the day, and added another page ot dishonor to
the annals of the distracted city. I retired from the «cene,
convinced that all this might have been prevented, and not
without painful «ense of duty unfulfilled." * * *
" Since the election of the preceding year, a new and en-
larged organization of the city police had been made, and I
was not without hope that it would exert a conservative
fotce in fcome rational proportion to the emergency of the
occasion. I was assured by numerous gentlemen of the
city that they expected nothing of tiie sort, and they referred
to the daily record of violence as abundant proof of its in-
efficiency to subdue even prelmimaiy disorder The day of
election came and passed, and although the bioody scenes
of the preceding year were not reenacted, violence was
everywhere m tiie ascendant; outiages were peipetrated
with entire impunity, and many thousands of the citizens
were, by causes beyond their individual control, depiived
of the exercise of their suffrage. In a woid,the Democrats
of the city, both native horn and naturalized, were, to an
extent that a few yean* since would have been absolutely
incredible, virtually disfranchised. Facts exi«t, and aie
available m abundance for the verification of what I thus
assert, and publicity has been given to cm rent outrage of
the day in one ward of the city, (and that ordinarily one
of the most reputable.) attested by the vouchers of many
highly respectable citizens." *
" I positively refused, under any circumstances, to com
ply with any proposition whicn included such a stipulation :
first, because it had the appearance, at least, of a surrender
of my constitutional authontyat atime when violent oppo-
sition to the I a w& was openly threatened ; and secondly, be
cause I knew not what exigency might arise on the day of
election. But in deference to the opinions of gentlemen in
whom I then had, and still have, gicat confidence, who
were citizens of Baltimore, and who knew moie of the
local condition of affair than myself, T consented to an an-
nouncement that, in view of the sufficiency of the arrange-
ments juct made, 'I did not contemplate the use of ihe
military force which I had oidered to be enrolled and organ-
ized5 on the day of election.
In this state of public affair*, the day of election ap-
proached A torin of suffrage was obseived und^i circum-
stances defiant of the execution of the laws. Riot, in its
vociferous and most formidable aspect, did not occur, but
I was made the recipient ot almost cea&e!e«s complaints of
outrage, "violence, and organized ruffianism at the polls,
whereby multitudes of citizens, native and naturalized,
weie dcteired fiom voting. I was powerless for then pro-
tection The opportunity was past m which, as a lawful
and enrolled force, they could have exhibited a moral as
well as mateiial povveragainst their assailants. They were
at the mcicy of a mob, and without protection fiom the civil
power.
" Abundant evidence from respectable citizens in all parts
of the city could be obtained to prove a state of society
verging upon the fiercest anarchy; outrages almost incred-
ible m a civilized community; and the ubiquity of an organ-
ization which prevailed by violence, to the exclusion of
voters at will, and contiolled means and resources for the
most pernicious and dating frauds. It is beyond all ques-
tion that such wrongs were perpetrated on that election
day as have no parallel in the election annals of our coun-
try but in Baltimoic itself, and this, too, under the official
as>uiance of municipal power, and of a police organization,
and a plan of operations adequate to the emergency. Such
a re=ult has abundantly justified the movement (deemed it
pioper to make, and proves that the execution of the laws
has been violently resisted and stayed, while the Executive
authority has been powerless to enforce it.
u Tins is anarchy; and the issue of such a condition of
things under our system of government is political confu-
sion. The formal power it creates is an essential tyranny#
It sways a spurious scepter over people despoiled of theiif
rights, and its career man be in profligate antagonism with
law, order, and good government.
" Such is the outhn« of a political era, and its disgraceful
character, in the history of Maryland." * * * *
" At the same time I record my deliberate opinion that
theelection was fraudulently conducted; that in the exclu-
sion -of thousands of people fiom the poll*, there has been
no expression of the popular will; and that the whole of the
returns fiom that city are vicious, without a decent claim
to official recognition anywhere, and in all their character
a gross insult to our institutions and lawa, and a most of-
fensi ve mockery of the great principles of political independ-
ence and popular suffrage."
I have now closed a review of the papers before
me. Is not this a case for inquiry, Mr, Speaker ?
Or shall we hesitate, and stop to count the cost,
when the interests of whole constituencies are
concerned? when, in fact, the great republican
right of suffrage belonging to the only free people
on earth is attempted to be abridged by fraud and
violence? This is not, Mr. Speaker, as I have
already said, a question which concerns merely
j the city of Baltimore. It is not merely whether
one person or another shall occupy a seat on this
floor from the fourth congressional district of
Maryland. It involves far higher considerations
—considerations which affect directly every Rep~
rcsentatjve of a metropolitan district, more or less
affect every member upon this floor, and still more
directly concern every elector who is represented
here, or who is entitled to be represented here.
This case is, perhaps, the very best, embodying
these considerations, which could be presented to
the attention of Congress. It is in this case, per-
haps, that the right of free suffrage has been most
flagrantly violated; if not, it is, at least, one ii>
which we can easily rise above partisan considera-
tions,and baseouraction upon broad,general prin-
ciples. Here wc see a whole city disfranchised
by the employment of force and fraud, even when
the party resorting to such means does not seem
i to need them in order to carry its men and meas-
' ures at the polls. The electors are shot down, or
knocked down with slung-shot, as they go to de-
posit their ballots. The voting places are sur-
rounded by cordons of bullies who know each
other by the signs of their secret organization, who
know the color and shape of the ballots, who in-
timidate peaceable citizens by the fear of violence,
and who use actual violence upon those who are
bold and determined * oough to insist upon their
rights in spite of it. Sir, if this were merely a
passing, local excitem nt, it might be viewed with
a certain measure of charity, and the liberal spirit
of our institutions m.ght extenuate, though not
excuse, an occasional excess. But it is not,Mr.
Speaker, a mere passing local excitement. I sol-
emnly believe, sir, that for the last four years,
there has not been a legal election in the city of
Baltimore. Their elections have not been occa-
sionally, but uniformly, carried by fraud and vio-
lence. The electors of that city have lately been
accustomed to only such a sort of free suffrage as
that possessed by the people of France when they
were called on to vote yes or no for Napoleon III.,
and when every man was warned beforehand that,
to vote no was to incur the suspicion of an arbi-
trary authority, which had even the safety of their
peisons at its disposal. I think that, if any com-
parison is to be drawn, the advantage is on the
side of the French. They, at least, ran no risk
of being knocked down in the streets, stabbed
with bowie knives, or beaten with slung-shot.
The public misfortune is—though it is the bet-
ter for my argument—that Baltimore is not the
only example of this kind of lawlessness. The
same or similar events have been transpiring in
nearly every city of the Union; wherever, indeed,
a secret organization has attempted to control the
destiny of the country. The public mind has been
alarmed by a repetition of such scenes in Louis-
ville, in Cincinnati, in Chicago, St. Louis, New
j) Orleans, and elsewhere throughout the nation.
! The public have been led to believe by such oc-
{| currences that, heretofore, as well as now, per-
il sons have secured and occupied seats on this door
ij by violence, and that the blood of our adopted
j; citizens was on their garments. These things
M must not continue, if we are to exhibit to the
j! world a successful example of self-government,
i- The ballot-box must be protected, and the right
! of suffrage must be secured to every citizen to
whom it is granted by the laws, no matter what
his nationality, his religion, or his condition in
life.
