1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
Mr. YITLEE. No. He will get the postages
accumulating during the week. There will be on
board Collins's ship, to reimburse us for our out-
lay in subsidy, the postages accumulating m a
week; because this proviso would prevent another
steamer departing within a week of the same
time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. That is a
collateral partnership with Collins. I do not un-
derstand it.
Mr. IVERSON. I propose this as a substitute
for the last amendment, which meets the appro-
bation of the Senator from Virginia:
Provided, That the above provisions shail not apply to
any line between New York and such foreign ports where
contracts now exist, nor until the expiration of such con-
tracts.
Mr. HUNTER. I will vote for the amend-
ment if that be put in.
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection to that if I
understand it correctly. I accept it.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 should like to hear the
amendment of the Senator from Florida read, as
now modified.
The amendment, as modified, was read.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt that the prop-
osition, as now modified, will be perfectly harm-
less; at the same time it will be perfectly futile.
You are attempting to mingle two systems. You
chose, in the year 1847, to inaugurate a system of
subsidies connected with the idea of war steam-
ers. Whether that was wise or unwise is now
immaterial. The Government adopted that sys-
tem. I found that an existing system when I came
into the Senate; I found contracts' in existence
under it which have not yet terminated. Until
those contracts terminate, any attempt to mingle
another system of carrying mails by means of
paying postage, is only an additional charge upon
the Government just to the extent to which you
start any new line, without any probable prospect
of any beneficial result to the commerce of the
country. You cannot alter, by means of your
mail system, the course of commerce. You can-
not enable such a costly system as steamships to
be run from one port to another, merely by giving
them the postage. If there is not tlic transit of
goods and passengers, you may hold out the idea
that they shall take the postage from that port,
but it will be a vain attempt to carry on an inter-
course by means of steam unless you have com-
merce and passengers to sustain the line. If, as
this modification provides, you exclude the idea
of running from the same port to which your sub-
sidies by contract now exist, it is merely harm-
less. If you weie to permit the competition to take
place between the same ports, or in the same gen-
eral direction between the same countries, then you
would only be paying so much more, because the
postage you would obtain by the line to which
you give the subsidy, would pass into the hands
of the other line to a limited extent, and to that
extent the Government would be the loser. That
would be the only operation of this proposition.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator 
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to go on; the hon-
orable Senator can afterwards explain, as he sees
fit. I think I understand the subject 1 am talking
about. The two systems are incongruous, and
the attempt is now on this bill to introduce a gen-
eral system, which is incompatible with the ex-
istence of the contract system which you chose to
inaugurate m 1847 by paying subsidies of a cer-
tain sum, as the British Government do. What
will be the effect? When you abandon the con-
tract system entirely, and it expires, whether you
can maintain any postal system at all or whether
it is better to abandon it altogether, and let the
British Government control it, will be a question
for the intelligence of Congress when the time
comes. My own belief is, that you had better not
attempt to meddle with the subject until your ex-
isting system has expired—until your contracts
are at an end; because you may attach as many
of these amendments as you please, and you can-
not raise lines of steamships under them. Lines
of steamships are costly compared to sailing ves-
sels. They cannot be maintained unless they have
a large amount of passengers and of light freight,
in addition to any postage they may get, and you
cannot force them to any port in this country ex- ;
cept where the current of passengers runs, whether j
it is New York or any other porfcof the country. I
Where the course of commerce is, there, and there '
alone, will you be able to maintain a line of steam-
ships. The same argument does not apply to
ordinary lines of sailing ships; they may exist
anywhere.
My objection is that you are attempting to in-
terpolate another system while you have an ex-
isting policy not yet expired under your present
contracts, and that it is unwise to mingle the two
systems together. I am perfectly willing to try
the experiment, though I have doubts about the
result, whenyourpresentcontractsexpire. Then,
if you choose, throw open the whole postal system
to what is called competition, that is, allow lines
to start from any port of the United States and re-
ceive no more nor no less than the ocean postage,
(for that is the true principle,) not the inland post-
age. If they can sustain themselves, it will be a
great gain, I admit. My doubts are whether the
effect of that line of policy, when you inaugurate
it, will not be that you will throw the entire postal
communication between Europe and America into
the hands of Great Britain, and throw it as an
adjunct which will enable her to command all the
passengers and lightfreights between Europe ttnd
the United States. That is my fear; but I am wil-
ling to try the system on the principle of free trade
when the present contracts shall expire.
Mr. YULEE. The amendment as it stands
does not attempt to force the service to any port
or from any port, but it places all on equality, and
if the incidental support of commerce is sufficient
at any point, with the aid which may be derived
from the postages, to sustain a line, they will be
able tc^ustain it. I think it is possible that from
Portland or from Boston we may be able to make
something of this system and to establish a line.
But the Senator from Delaware proposes that '
we shall wait until the Collins contract has ex- ,
pired. Then what intermediate provision have j
you ? The Collins contract provides only for
twenty trips in the year, while the English com- |
pany is running fifty-two trips a year. The oh- !
ject of this amendment is to enable the Depart- ,
ment to provide for the additional number of;
thirty-two tups, in order to be able to alternate 1
with the British Government, and thus to obtain
half of the income'from postages. ]
We cannot wait until 1860 if we design to make
this contract at all, because then it will bo too late.
Unless you inaugurate it now, and put the exper-
iment under way, it is impossible that you can
carry it out. You must expect, when the exist-
ing contract expires, m 1860, to find the service
either falling to the ground, or yourself under '
compulsion to make another contract to continue ]
it, because you cannot advertise and procuie the !
building of suitable steamers within less than a
year, and it will require at least a year to ascer-
tain whether the system can be sustained upon
the plan proposed here. If, therefore, it is de- ,
signed to put the Government in a condition to 1
substitute this for the other system on the expira-
tion of the contract in 1860, it is necessary that ■
we make the necessary legislation now; and if j
you wait until then, we may as well abandon the '
idea. i
Mr. BAYARD. As I consider it entirely futile, ;
I do not think it worth an argument. As to the !
question whether you can alternate lines with the !
Cunarders, founded on the amount of postage re-
ceived from the letters carried in the steam vessels
connected with the line, it is to my mind idle to |
talk about it. Those vessels receive a subsidy !
from the British Government of some £900,000 a !
year, and you cannot expect—the system is too
costly—to run against them or in alternation with
them if you onlv allow the mere postage on ihe
letters your vessels carry at intervals between the :
departure of the Cunard steamers.
This idea is fu<t!nu* rendered more futile by the
very restriction of the amendment; that is, that
they shall not start from the ports where you now
have an alternating line on a subsidy—the Collins '
line, as it is called. It is absolutely impossible to
suppose that a line of steamships is going to start
for the purpose of receiving the postages. It could
not begin to pay. You cannot suppose that if
there are not passengers and freight to sustain a ;
line, y-ou can, by holding out the idea of the small ■
amount of postage they are to gut in intervals of i
half a we«jk, start a line of any kind, or try any
experiment. The experiment you have got to
try is this: when yon have abandoned your con- !
tracts, if you think it better to do so—and I have j
no objection, I think it is worth a trial—abandon
entirely governmental interference or the purpose
of carrying the mails across the ocean when your
contracts have expired. You inaugurated the sys-
tem in 1847; it will expire in 1860. Then , if you
choose, you may adopt the old plan on which you
acted towards sailing vessels, of taking no care
about the postal service across the ocean, and sim-
ply securing your land postages, leaving to the
effects of chance, accident, or the competition of
Great Britain, the control of that service. If you
think that is consistent with the general commer-
cial interests of the country, very well;. I have no
objection. I think it is the preferable system, if
it does not injure us otherwise; but I am satisfied
that you cannot try that system fairly while you
have the contract system in existence. It would he
idle, therefore, to pass thisamendmentas it stands,
with the modification. If you put in the modifi-
cation, you are only paying at your own expense,
because you are starting lines of your own in op-
position to your existing line, to which you are
paying, by contract, a sum certain; and I do not
think that is wise policy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think nothing can be more
just and fair to the whole country, unless you
want to make this a particular monopoly to cer-
tain men and certain places, than the proposition
of the Senator from Florida,, There is nothing in.
the objection of the Senator from Virginia. The
proposition is, that the Postmaster General may
make contracts with any ship to carry the mails
from any point in the United States to any foreign
counti y if it will agree to do so for the postages.
' Before the present system was adopted unhappily
j in 1847, which has been one of nothing but fraud,
> that was the case throughout the United States,
i Every ship that sailed carried letters, under cer-
I tain regulations. Now, when the United States
| employ Collins, does anybody suppose that peo-
' pie are going to keen back their letters for a week
j to go m with the Collins line ? Is it possible that
j grown-up men, looking at the condition of the
, country, can suppose that a letter would be held
I over a week in ordei that it might go in a Gov-
j crnment ship, when it could go m a Cunarder or
1 by a private steamer at once ? I believe there is a
; weukly mail by the Cunard steamers; and if you
I start aline out of the same port the postage would
; go to both; so that it is idle to say it is competi-
| tion with Collins. If you do not start on the
! same day*or (he same week there is no competi-
j tion of that kind.
j The case put by the Senator from Florida is a
; very sound one. Collins is compelled to make but
, twenty trips a year—two trips a month for eight
i months in the year, and one trip monthly for the
other four. If you make no provision for any
j more service, it is an encouragement to the Cu-
! nardcrs. I have no objection to the Cunarders.
! I would as soon have my letters carried in British
as m American bottoms, and I would prefer that
they should carry them if they did it cheaper.
That is the true system of the country. You will
j r^ever make a country great or rich by taking
j money out of the pockets of the individual classes
to give it to special interests. If the British ships
will carry our letters cheaper, the result will be to
make American citizens richer, and the country
richer. You will never make the country rich by
plundering its citizens for the benefit of E. K. Col-
i 1ms, or other particular contractors.
It is very remarkable that we should pass such
a measure as the Senate have agreed to for the
benefit of Mr. Collins. It is now declared that he
is not obliged to turn a single paddle for the rest
i of the term of his contract. If he chooses to make
: a trip, you pay him. If he chooses to lay up
: in the docks, as he has in New York for a year
past, you do not pay him. That is the sacred
; contract that the Senate want to alter beneficially
I to him. You propose to alter it for his benefit,
| for nobody else's. If you want Mr. Collins to
| comply with his contract, rather than give hmi
this benefit, why not fine him more than the cost
: of a trip if he fails to perform it? Why not de-
duct from the money he earns a pro nUa amount
for the tiips he omits to make? You will not do
i that, but you will leave the Government service
i simply at the will of the contractor: you wit
S leave E. K. Collins to determine whether we shall
I have any American mails from New Yoik to Liv-
I erpool. Your whole Government, it seems, can-
[ not compel him to carry the mails; and, accord-
