ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 27,
it-is not for us to consider, that we must take the j
cftarices, that we must take whatever the proper j
authorities of the proposed State pronounce to be i
legal ? Does he not th us concede the precise pri n-
cipie upon which we have acted in receiving the
Lecompton constitution? or, if he repudiates this
conclusion, does he not admit that he is opening-*
the door to frauds of every description in Kansas,
when he abdicates ail power on the part of Con-
gress to look into questions of fraud or fact in re-
gard to the formation of the proposed constitution?
And how would-his scheme affect the peace of the
country? A new constitution to be formed in
Kansas out of the distracted elements existing
there! Each of the sections of the Union pour-
ing in its people to produce a desired result, and
this under temptations to fraud and violence,
which would be the stronger from the fact that
the result, no matter how obtained, would be final,
and. no longer subject to the supervising power of
Congress. Do we not know that we should be
thus sowing the seeds of dissensions and agita-
tions which would probably disturb this Union
to its center? Because we do not accept such a
proposition as that in the alternative that the peo-
ple do not come in under our scheme of submit-
ting this modified ordinance; because instead of
that we leave them in their territorial condition,
and impose upon them the sound restriction that
they must thus remain until they have people
enough to entitle them to one Representative in
the House of Representatives, the Senator thinks
we are trying them with threats, and acting un-
fairly and unjustly towards them.
Sir, I can see no foundation for any such charge.
I believe that, if a majority do not vote to accept
this proposition on which their admission will de-
pend, the best thing for the people of Kansas, and
certainly the best thing for the people of the Uni-
ted States, which can then be done, will be to let
them know that they will have to remain in this
position probably for some years to come. We
may thus obtain a truce on this agitating and dis-
turbing question,and a truce for even four or five
years may be of inestimable advantage to us. It
may be that, in that time, we may improve the
opportunities of this truce into a permanent and
lasting peacc; that we may engage the publicmnul
in the consideration of other questions; that we
may employ it in those vast interests, material
and moral, which are necessary to our progress
and advancement; that we may learn to treat each
other with more of justice and moderation, and
with a more conciliatory spirit. Whenever that
is attained, I believe, then, with the Senator from
Kentucky, it will be hard to fix the limits to our
progress and our improvement.
But, sir, if these agitations are to continue—and
it seems to me that ins scheme invites them, in-
stead of putting an end to them—for four or five,
or even, perhaps, three years longer, no man can
say what is to happen in the future, i believe
that the deepest interests of the American people
are concerned in adopting some scheme to quiet
this question for the present, at least; and if they
would adopt this scheme presented by the confer-
ence committee, it is probable, in my opinion, that
we should have repose for a while at least—a
repose which, perhaps, might be improved, as
I said, into a permanent peace. I believe that
by adopting this proposition, the question would
pass for a time, at least, out of Federal politics; it
would be localized; and when that is done, I think
there.are interests of magnitude enough to employ
the public mind, and to engage it in a more whole-
some manner. But, sir, like the Senator from
Kentucky, I can only say that in signing my name
to this recommendation of the conference com-
mittee, I sought to do what I believed to be best
for the whole country. I believed it to be just in
itself; I knew it to be consistent with the princi-
ples which I and my friends have been advocating
here; and 1 was willing to do almost anything
which was compatible with just and fair dealing,
and which did not sacrifice consistency or prin-
ciple, to settle this question. If I could securc
justice and preserve the peace of the country, I
believe I should secure all the good which those
whom 1 represent can derive from any settlement
of this question.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
propose, at this time, to occupy the Senate at any
great length; but I shall endeavor, as succinctly
and as distinctly as I can, to state, in the first
place, why I, together with those who act with me,
opposed the Senate bill, without going into the
argument on its merits; and, in the second place,
why we voted for the amendment of the House
of Representatives; and, in the third place, why
we cannot vote for the proposition now offered.
First, as to the Senate bill: its substance was,,
if adopted, thatitadmitted Kansas into the Union
as a State under the Lecompton constitution with-
out any further action of the people. Our objec-
tions consisted essentially in these: that that con-
stitution was framed by a convention which was
the fruit and result of usurpation and fraud; that
the usurpation which had been instituted origin-
ally continued so as to deprive the people of the
opportunity of free voting on the subject of calling
a convention; that an unfair and imperfect census
was taken, by which a large part of the people
were deprived of the chance of voting for dele-
gates; that the constitution was formed m defiance
of the will of the people, as manifested in their
then recent election for a Territorial Legislature,
and was made in point of fact only by those who
acted in and approved of it, by a minority of those
originally elected to the convention; that the con-
stitution was professed to be presented to the
people in a disguised and deceptive form; that the
people themselves were deprived of the opportu-
nity which had been promised to them, of passing
upon the whole constitution; that an election was
held, wherein they professed to obtain some six
thousand votes for the constitution with slavery;
that an election for State officers was made under
that constitution by officers not in any way ap-
pointed by the people, and unknown to the law;
that that election was fraudulently conducted; and
that, besides all this, the people, at an election
held on the 4th of January, by virtue of an act of
the Territorial Legislature, by a very large ma-
jority repudiated it. These, put together and
aggregated, constituted our objection to the Le-
compton constitution; and for these reasons we
considered that it ought not to receive the atten-
tion of Congress; that the State should not be
admitted under it; and that it was not entitled to
be regarded m any measure as a constitution pre-
senting the views of the people of Kansas.
fn all these respects the Senate, by a large ma-
jority, voted us down. Our objection was not
merely that the constitution had not been submit-
ted to the people. We insisted that, in point of
fact, the people had, on the 4th of January, under
lawful authority, voted directly to reject it by a
very large majority. That, to be sure, among
others, was ground of complaint; but all these
objections, and others which were presented by
other gentlemen, were aggregated in the com-
plaint. The Senate, however, decided that, in
point of fact, the Lecompton constitution was the
constitution of Kansas, so far as the action of
Kansas was concerned; and that it was only for
Congress to say whether they would accept it;
that the people had made that constitution legally
by their delegates—not only formed it, but adopt-
ed it, and that the only question of difference ex-
isting there was one in relation to slavery, which,
as they said, was fairly submitted. They there-
fore passed a bill admitting Kansas as a State with
that constitution.
I next call attention to the amendment presented
by the House of Representatives. What was its
character? Why was it voted for? So far as I
could understand it, the substance of it, without
recurring to particulars, insisted on three things;
first, that the Lecompton constituiiQn should be
submitted to a vote of the people, and if they
adopted it, very well—it was to stand; but, second,
if they did not adopt it, they should proceed, by
a convention, to form such a constitution as they
wished; and, that, upon being ratified by the peo-
ple, they should be admitted as a State with such
new constitution; and third,in order to secure fair
elections on the constitution,a board was formed,
consisting of the Governor and Secretary of the
Territory, appointed by the President, and of the
presiding officers of the two Houses of the Terri-
torial Legislature, elected by the people; and this
board was to direct and control the elections and
their returns, pass upon them, and finally decidc
them. That was the proposition which came to us
as an amendment from the House of Representa-
tives. Why did we votefor it? In the firstplace, it
would be sufficient for me to say that here were
presented to us two alternatives—on the one hand,
the Lecorr^pton, constitution^. which had been re-
jected by the people of Kansas, most imperative-
ly and conclusively,and, on the other, an offer to
submit it to the people, accompanied by a pro-
vision that if tliey did not like it they might make
another constitution, which they did like. Could
there be. any hesitation as to how we should vote
in regard to these two alternatives? Could there
be any doubt as to the choice we should make
between them?
In the next place, if we voted against the House
amendment, we deprived the people of Kansas
even of the right of establishing a free constitu-
tion; we left them to have the Lecompton consti-
tution imposed upon them, and gave them no op-
portunity to form a free one. Hence we voted for
that proposition. Again, it was fair—it was fair
even to those who claim that the people, in form-
ing their constitution, may make it a free State or
a slave State constitution as they please, because
it offered that opportunity. That proposition waa
a very liberal step for those gentlemen to take—
and there are some such in the country—who hold
that the people, in the formation of a State con-
stitution even, have not the right to enslave their
fellow-men. But those gentlemen, if any such
there were in the two Houses, voted for it with
very great liberality; and why? First, because
it was the best of the two alternatives offered to
them. Next, because, after the knowledge of the
vote of the 4th of January, disclosing ten thou-
sand tflajonty against this constitution, there was
every moral certainty that when the Lecompton
constitution, with slavery, was presented to the
people of Kansas, it would be rejected; and there
' was therefore no hazard in voting to give them an
opportunity of that kind.
But, sir, we were induced to vote for the House
amendment for another consideration, and that is'
| that it provided a fair board by which elections
were to be conducted. We said the previous elec-
tions in Kansas had been controlled by violence
and coiruption and fraud, but here was a chance
to have them safely and honestly conducted; and
so much security was felt in the board provided
by the House amendment, that we were even
willing to say that when that.board had super-
vised the election, appointed the officers, received
the returns, and adjudicated upon those returns,
the whole subject might be settled by the procla-
mation of the President, and we were leu to the
latter merely from confidence in the former pro-
vision.
But another consideration, and perhaps the
most important of them ajl, was that the House
amendment proposed a course of proceeding
which would put an end to this controversy in
either event and at all events. If the people of
Kansas received and accepted the Lecompton con-
stitution by the vote of a majority, they were to
be received; and if they did not they were to call
a new convention and form such a constitution as
they pleased, and when that constitution was rati-
fied they were to be admitted. There was to be
the end of controversy. It was because the House
amendment did end tho controversy that it com-
mendeditself to the acceptance of those who voted
for it on this side of the Chamber.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the next step:
the proposition which is offered as a substitute
for both those bills—the proposition of the com-
mittee of conference. I do not propose to go into
its details; but let us see whether it gives to those
of us who voted against enforcing the Lecompton
constitution upon the people without their con-
sent, and who voted for the proposition of the
House of Representatives, those leading features
of security, and those objects which we desired to
attain, winch were given to us in the latter prop-
osition. I will state its leading provisions. The
| first is, that the Lecompton constitution shall be
presented to the people of Kansas for their accept-
; ance or rejection. li Oh, no," says the honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] " it does
| not submit the constitution to the people." The
majority of the Senate, by the bill they have passed,
decided that it was a constitution perfect, so far
as Kansas was concerned, not to be passed upon
any further by the people; and he says this bill
so treats it. If I understand it, it does not so treat
it. It submits a certain question to the people;
that is, whether they will accept certain land
j grants; and it provides that, if they accept those
i land grants, then, and in that case, Lecompton
