2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
ing to the idea of the Senator from Delaware, you
must not do it. You have given Collins a right
to carry the mail, and if he chooses to do so you
must pay him; but if not, you are not to let any-
body (Ise carry it! I do not believe he has car-
ried the mail for a year past. I ask the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee, when did he
carry the last one ?
Mr. YULEE. I think, five or six months
since.
Mr. TOOMBS. And then not in the ships he
contracted to carry it in. It appears now that
he made a contract to carry the mails when he
pleased, and to get paid at the rate of $387,000 a
year; but if he will not carry them, according to
the Senator from Delaware and the Senator from
Virginia, the Postmaster General is not to allow
anybody else to do it.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say the Postmaster
General could not get anybody else to carry the
mails.
Mr. TOOMBS. You said he should not make
a contract.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not. My objection to
the amendment of the Senator from Florida, as it
was first offered, was, that he could get the ben-
efit of the postages and of his annual stipend both;
that he would have nothing to do but assign his
contract to the men who might undertake to carry
the mails for the postage.
Mr. TOOMBS. So far as that is concerned, I
am with the Senator, to prevent collusion. When
we get into the Senate, I intend to makfc an effort
to insert a provision insisting that Mr. Collins
shall carry out hi& contract. I have not much ex-
pectation of succeeding iu it; but I wish to make
a record of these things. I have no idea that Mr.
Collins will ever turn a wheel to Southampton.
Why should he? He can make $250,000 without
doing it, by this very contract. You have a man
now who agrees to do the service for the post-
ages, which, it is said, amount to $230,000. Why
cannot Collins pay $230,000 out of his contract-
price, and pocket the $157,000 difference ?
The only protection that the Senator from Ver-
mont pretends that we have,is, that he has to run
a particular kind of ships. The fact is, that the
contract requires only ships of two thousand ions.*
The Senator from Vermont imagines that nobody
else has got ships of two thousand tons. The
Vanderbift is three thousand five hundred tons,
and a better vessel than the Oolhns shipsany day.
If Collins assigns this sei vice to other people, and
they present as good a ship as his contract calls
for, the Department will be bound to accept it.
Mr. Vanderbilt has got as good ships as Collins.
The Senator from Vermont is wholly mistaken
when he says there are no ships as large as those
of Collins's. The Vanderbilt is larger than any
of them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know but that
the Vanderbilt would answer the contract of Col-
lins.
Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt. It is stronger,
swifter, and larger. All that the Collins contract
requires is a ship fit for a mail steamer, of two
thousand tons' burden. The war requisition is
abandoned. It was abandoned when the Collins
ships were accepted. They were accepted in the
teeth of a report from the proper officers that they
could not be made war steamers.
I think that if Congress had not given these
mail contracts there would not be asteamship line
running from New York to Europe, but they
would have been running from the southern ports,
where the freights are, and where ships would
have run from if there had been no steam naviga-
tion. There is three times as much freighttobe
carried to Europe from New Orleans as there is
from New Yoi k, and yet you give great subsidies
to concentrate business in New York. Savannah
could better afford to sustain a line than New
York, if you left all places to stand on their own
business. The country adjacent to Savannah ex-
ports more than the country around New York.
The result of this system is to cheapen freights
from New York bv "Government subsidies. Of
course a man can afford to carry a barrel of flour
cheaper in his ship if you pay him $800,000 a
year. You give great jobs under the pretense of
carrying your mails, and the effect is to strike
down the industry of the people of this country,
and particularly the industry of the people of my
section. Let u;- ajonr; we do not a?.k ym for
bounties or subsidies. We do not ask you to give
us the public Treasury; but let the commercl of
the country alone, let it go in its natural channel.
Your attempts to divert it are an injustice which
ought not to 'be submitted to by the free people of
this country.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Georgia was in Congress at the time this system
was inaugurated. He says it was founded in
fraud. It may be so. I can only state my in-
formation, founded on what I learned after I came
here. As far as I was able to see or investigate
it subsequently, I was not able to trace, nor did I
hear any allegation of, fraud. It seemed to me
the policy was a doubtful one; but the Govern-
ment had chosen to adopt it, under the idea of
connccting the principle of steamers fitted out for
war purposes, m time of war, with the postal ser-
vice, in time of peace. That was the state of
things at the time 1 became a member of the Sen-
ate. That the individuals in New York who had
engaged in this service under a contract with the
Government—how made, or in what mode made,
I know nothing—had produced steamships which
surpassed any others that had been hitherto
krown on the ocean, there could be no doubt, in
point of speed and accommodation of the general
public. They performed their duties, as far as I
knew, with regularity. 1 was disposed to sustain
a line which 1 thought connected itself, in some
respects, with the pride of the country, as against
an English line, which was subsidized by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain. I a Imit that the whole
of that system has, in my judgment, faileif; I am
willing to sec it expire, and to see inaugurated a
new system; but as long as the policy then adopt-
ed, with its contract, exists, I hold that you can-
not inaugurate any new system.
The honorable Senator from Georgia may
choose to diverge from the particular amendment
before you, and go back to the question connected
with the origination of the Collins line. I have
nothing to do with that here. You have chosen
by your amendment—I knew nothing about it—
to say that the Collins contract is still a subsist-
ing contract, and you have made an appropriation
for it m the hill from the House, without any
amendment. You have recognized its subsisting
existence. If it is in existence you are bound to
abide by it. What I mean to say is, that while
that contract is an existing contract, and you are
bound to comply with it, you would be paying
money out of your Treasury to establish another
line between the same ports, or on the same gen-
eral route of communication. Whether it takes
more or less, is immaterial; you are paying out
of your own pocket, whether the line is to South-
ampton or not, when you agiee to pay the post-
ages. The same postages, to a greater or less ex-
tent, that would be paid to this new line, would
be on letteis that would be carried under your
previous contiact. Then of course it is an addi-
tional payment to that extent, because you would
get the benefit of those postages, the Government
only paying what your contract price was to the
anterior line. Therefore, the two systems are
incongruous in themselves; one is incompatible
wirh the other.
But my objection to the amendment as modi-
fied, which prevents any competition between the
lines established by yourself from the same ports,
and extends it only to other portions of the coun-
try, is that it will be perfectly futile. The hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia, may suppose
that steam lines will go where freight goes. I do
not think so. That is regulated more by the
character of the freight. I have no doubt about
the immense prosperity of New Orleans; I have
no doubt that New Orleans has a greater amount
of what is called bulky freight, by far, than New
York; I have no doubt that a great part of the
cotton of this country is shipped from New Or-
leans, but steamships are not going to carry cot-
ton. Steamships arc sustained by what is called
the light freight, and passengers who come and
will come to New York, which imports two
thirds of the importations of this country. You
cannot avoid that by any species of regulation
you make; and if you abandoned the whole ocean
postal service to-morrow, you would find that
your steam lines, according to the course of com-
merce, while New York stands, will center in
New York, for the purpose of the transportation
of passenger?; and I'glit freights. I have no doubt
all the other ports of the country will enjoy equal
advantages, as far as their natural position wili
give them. I am not disposed to interfere with
them. All I contend for is, that while your con-
tract system exists, whether the policy was false
when inaugurated or not, is immaterial: while
you are obliged to pay the money, it would bean
unwise and fpolish policy to attempt to set up a
counter system which you cannot carry into ef-
fect without derogation to yourself, if you allow
it between the same ports, and which would be
perfectly futile for the purpose of steam naviga-
tion if attempted to be conducted between other
ports.
Mr. BIGLER. I have listened to this debate
during all the afternoon with a great deal of inter-
est, and with an anxious desire to understand ex-
actly the object in view. Now, sir, as I under-
stand all the propositions together, they are very
simple; and I think the difficulty suggested by the
Senator from Delaware is very readily met. In
the first place, we have a specific appropriation
to meet the contract of Mr. Collins, provided he
performs his contract, which he never has per-
formed, and which I believe he never will per-
form. Then we have an additional provision that
if Mr. Collins fails to perform his contract to
make his twenty trips, the Postmaster Generaf
may give the entire postages, sea and inland, in
order to get the services performed which Mr.
Collins may fail to perform. Then we have a spe-
cific appropriation to the Bremen line of $230,000.
What next ? Why, we have the amendment of
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads: and what is that, and what is
its purpose? Itis simply this: that the Postmaster
General may give the postages to any parties of-
fering to carry the mail on the weeks which the
Collins line is not required to make the trip, or
give the postages for the additional service. Col-
lins is to perform twenty trips at $19,000 a trip;
and I regret the existence of tins contract. It is
in the way of the establishment of a proper sys-
tem. I cannot see any difficulty with regard to
the amendment of the Senator from Florida au-
thorizing the Postmaster Genei al to give the post-
ages for additional service. It ought to be pro-
vided that these trips should not be made in the
same weeks; for that would be providing for too
large an amount of service. I think that is the
view which the Postmaster General takes of this
subject; and in that way he could secure the larg-
est and the cheapest service. What difficulty is
there m providing that the trips shall be on a dif-
ferent week from that provided by the specific
contract ? That will meet the difficulty which
seems to be presented here; provide that the con-
tract so given out for the postages shall not be on
the same week m which the Collins line is re-
quired to perform service; because, in the event
of Collins's failures, you have already made pro-
vision that the postages shall be given.
Now, I want to go a little further on this sub-
ject as to the general proposition. I like this idea
presented by the Senator from Florida, of making
this system self-sustaining; and, so far as our
trans-Atlantic service is concerned, at least from
our principal port, New York, I am inclined to
believe it will succeed. I think we can get all the
service which the interests and convenience of our
country require, for the sea and inland postages;
but I am inclined to the opinion that that would
be the beginning and end of the success of this
policy. I do not suppose that the postages from -
any other port to a different point in Europe—for
instance, from New Orleans to Bordeaux—would
answer. Certainly this system would not answer
the purpose of establishing a line of steamers from
any of our Atlantic cities to the South American
Republics, or to Brazil. I am for this proposition
as it stands; but I wish to reserve to myself the
right to determine hereafter whether it may not
be wise that other considerations, political and
commcrcial, should be mingled with the conve-
nience of mail service; that the Government should
go further to encourage and sustain the establish-
ment of mail lines.
I agree mainly with the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden*,] as to the difference between
this trans-Atlantic mail service and that which
belongs to our own country. I do not think the
same principles apply; it is a very different thing
when you afford mail facilities to the inhabitants
of the United States found throughout our Ter-
