1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall stand as the constitution; but it further pro-
vides, that if they reject that proposition in regard
to the land grants, they reject the Lecompton con-
stitution. Now, 1 ask, is it true, as the Senator
from Virginia says, that that is consistent with
the former action of the Senate? Does it notsub-
tnit a question to the people by which they may
reject the Lecompton constitution ? Certainly it
does. Did not the Senate say, in the former bill,
to those people, " it is all perfected on your side,
and you shall have no opportunity to reject Le-
compton. " Yes, they did, unconditionally; and
I say they now propose a question to the people
by wllich the people may reject Lecompton; and
yet you say that you do not subject the Lecomp-
ton constitution to their vote! The'two are utterly
inconsistent; and there is no ingenuity or sophis-
try, though the gentleman may have much of the
former, if not of the latter, which can by possi-
bility disguise or blink this out of sight.
But, sir, as I said, this proposition provides for
submitting to the people of Kansas a question in
relation to land grants—whether they will accept
a certain proposition in relation to lands. It fur-
ther provides that, if they will not accept that,
then, and in that case, Lecompton goes aside, and
the people of Kansas are to remain in their terri-
torial condition for £ length of time entirely in-
definite. It says they may have a convention
when they have a sufficient number of people to
emit]e them to a Representative in Congress.. That
number is now ninety-four thousand; but, after
the next census, in 1860, it may be one hundred
and twenty or one hundred and fifty thousand;
we know not. When that time will arrive, we
know not. Then, the amount of it is, that it is an
indefinite delay; it shall be indefinitely defened.
Besides, it is as much as saying to them, " we
make you this offer of land, but if you will not
take this offer of land, liberal as it is, now, see the
danger you run of never getting it." Again, this
same Lull provides tliat a different board shall be
created to direct and supervise the election. It
proposes to add a member, the district attorney,
appointed by the President, to the Governor and
Secretary, so that they shall have three—a con-
trolling majority of that board over the presiding
officers of the two Houses of the Legislature. We
view this as entirely unfair.
The first objection that occurs to my mind is
the form in which this question is attempted to be
presented to the people of Kansas. Tins has been
very well defined by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr, Crittenden.] It is to put to
them one question, by the answer to which they
are to decide another question that has no rela-
tionship to it. You might as well put the ques-
tion to that people—" will you vote that you will
be free men .'"and now we say to you " if you vote
that you will be freemen, you shall have the To-
peka constitution; but if you vote that yon will
not be freemen, then you shall remain in a terri-
torial condition." There is no more leiationship
between the acceptance of this giant of laud and
the chaiacterof tliisconstitution, than there would
be between' the question proposed and the result
that was to follow in the case I have just put.
There is no necessary legal sequence or connec-
tion between the two questions. The proposition
is therefore artificial, deceptive in its consequences.
You put to a man the question—" sir, wijl you
take such grants of land; as a citizen of Kansas
are you willing to receive such grants ?" "Yes,"
says he, " X am." " Well, will you vote so?"
" I do notsee why I should not vote so." " Well,
we tell you now, if you will vote to accept these
grants, you shall take the Lecompton constitution
that you have rejected." In short, " if you will
not vote against a favorable offer, you shall have
imposed upon you a constitution to which you
are opposed, and you must vote against a favor-
able offer in order to get rid of an obnoxious con-
stitution. You must vote against what you de-
sire, in order that you may get rid of a greater
evil. If you vote for these grants which are ac-
ceptable to you, and liberal in their character, you
do it at tiie peril of taking upon you a constitution
thatyou detest." It is the very mannerin which
the question is put to the people which is objec-
tionable. " It is artificial in its character; it is cal-
culated to mislead. ^
We have complained a great deal that the Le-
compton constitution was submitted to the people
in regard to the question ot slavery, ill a certain
manner, which was unfair, deceptive, and deal-
ing in duplicity. That submission was this:
" You may vote for the constitution with slavery,
or for the constitution without slavery; but you
have to vote for the constitution, at any rate,
which has slavery in it in either case." Now,
liow is it here ? We will put to you the question,
" Will you vote for these land grants? But now
remember, if you vote for the land grants, you
are to have this slave constitution, and if you vote
against the land grants, you are to have slavery
in your Territory without aconstitution." That
is, you are to have a constitution with slavery,
or slavery without a constitution, but slavery at
any rate. That seems to me to be the way in
which the question is put to them; because you
hold that, under the Dred Scott decision, it is a
s'laveholding Territory, and therefore if the peo-
ple vote for these land grants, they are to take a
slaveholding State constitution, and if they vote
against them, they are to endure slavery under a
territorial form of government. That is the alter-
native.
The next objection I have to the manner in
which this new bill presents the question is to the
provision in regard to population. It seemed to
be agreed on all hands, and it was provided in the
bill passed by the Senate, that the numbers of the
people of Kansas were sufficient to justify their
admission. -They had numbers enough to admit
them two years ago, if they would make a con-
stitution to suit you. You though t they had num-
bers enough to admit them under the Lecompton
constitution. There are numbers enough of them
now to justify their admission as a State, if they
vote for this constitution; but you give them to
understand that there are not numbers enough, if
they vote against this constitution, to make a free
one. We have here a proposition that Kansas
shall be admitted if she will have a slave constitu-
tion, and shall not be admitted if she will not have
a slave constitution. There are people enough to
hold slaves, but not people enough to enjoy free-
dom 1 This, it seems to us, is a palpable injus-
tice—an entirely different affair from the House
amendment.
In the next place, the proposition which is now
before us produces no finality; it makes no settle-
ment. It only makes a settlement provided they
I adopt the Lecompton constitution, by voting in
i favor of these grants of land. That will mako a
: finality; and that is the only finality under this
I proposition—a finality in one result. It the peo-
| pie do *otvote to accept these grants, it provides
' for no finality, no settlement, but leaves things in
| statu quo by declaring that the people of Kansas
! shall remain under a territorial form of govern-
ment foran indefinite and unlimited period of time.
1 do not know that that pait of the proposition
will really have much piactical effect. Jt seems
i to me to be rather bt utwii jiUmen, bccause I sup-
I pose Congress can at any tunc admit them, not-
withstanding this declaration; but, after all, that
, is the effect it is intended to have on the nundsof
; the people of Kansas. It is intended, if this bill
passes, that they shall understand that, if they do
i not accept this proposition, this shall be a bar to
their coming in until they have a certain popula-
tion.
Another objection, and one to which I haveal-
luded before, is that we are not content with this
;: newly constituted board to supervise the elections;
K we are not willing to take results produced under
I such supervision, so as to say that the President,
f unon the returns being made to him, shall issue his
|; proclamation, and Kansas become a State, with-
i; out those returns being submitted to our examin-
' ation. If a board were constituted in the manner
provided in the House amendment, we had so
much confidence in that manner of constituting the
board that we were willing to pass it; but we are
not wilhngto have a board constituted in the-nmn-
ner provided m this bill, and trust in the result.
The history of affairs in Kansas is such as leads
us to he cautious on that subject. We all cannot
but know, at any rare a large portion of us arc
convinced, that the elections in Xvansas have been
cither by violence at the polls, or by fraud and
false returns afterwards, so conducted that a small
minority of the people have been kept m power.
1 need not go over the evidences of this. The his-
tory of the transaction is full of them at every
. step.
I Theie is another thing that we cannot but re-
member. Whatever officers,_ especially-leading-
officers, who have been appointedifi that 'I'erri-
tory by the Executive of this- Government, the:
President of the United States, have favored any
degree of fairness to the majority of that, people,
have desired to secure them atallagainstthe inilu-
ence of violence and fraud, have incurred the ex--
ecutive displeasure. This remark will apply, !
think, to all the Government officers there Who',
have evinced any fairness, whether-we referto Gov-
ernor Reeder, Governor Geary, acting Secretary
Stanton, or Governor Walker. In all cases where
there has been manifested a disposition to do fair-
ness, and to get rid cf frauds, the officers who
have manifested such a-disposition have certainly
incurred executive displeasure and its conse-
quences; and therefore we suppose that whatever
officers are appointed by the Executive will read
the history of their own fate in that of those who
have preceded them, and will consult their own
security in what they are doing. We believe we
cannot find any safety in this proposition when the
majority of the supervising board who have charge
of the elections is given into the control of officers
created by the Government of the United States;
superseding and overriding the officers appointed
by the people of Kansas. This is a feature which
we regard as of vital importance, and to which
we cannot consent. When I say that I speak fer
myself, and not by authority from any of my
associates, any further than I derive it from the
action which I have already witnessed at their
hands. I have no direct authority to speak for
i them.
I Now, sir, the whole of this proposition amounts
i to this: it is saying to the people of Kansas, you
I may vote for the Lecompton constitution, but if
you do not have that, you shall have nothing. We
are calling upon the people of Kansas to act on
the great question of forming their constitution—
of forming, ratifying, or putting in operation, if
you please, by their votes, the constitution of their
proposed State government. It is fundamental,
it is the first great principle of self-government.
Now you call upon that people to acton that sub-
ject, and do you secure to them even what was
promised in the Cincinnati platform ? Its pledge
was, that in forming a State constitution the peo-
ple should be left perfectly free to mold their insti-
tutionsin theirownway. Now,thepeople ofKan-
sas are called upon to take action about the adop-
tion of a constitution, to pass a vote which shall
put that constitution in force, or reject it; and are
they left free 1 They are trammeled up to that one
single act, whether they will have the Lecompton
constitution or have nothing. They are not left
free to form any constitution they want, to shape
any constitution as they may desire it to be, in
relation to any of their institutions. In short, the
vote seems to be very much like the case of Na-
poleon III., who allowed the people of Prance to
vote, not whether you will have an emperor, not
who will you have as emperor, but will you have
me for emperor? that is all.
Mr. President, I wish now to say a few words
in regard "to the views presented by the honorable
Senator from Virginia. He says this bill is in
exact consistency with that which the Senate be-
fore passed. 1 have shown in one respect wherein
. it differs; but that is not all. Whatwasthe trouble
j with that bill? He says that bill merely declared,
! in relation to the ordinance, that we did not ratify
it; that we disclaimed it, and did not provide for
the state of things that would result if the people
of Kansas should not agree to this condition on
which they were to be admitted; and, therefore,
this bill goes on to provide for that contingency.
Well, sir, if the bill which the Senate passed was
obnoxious to that difficulty, why, on earth, did
they pass it at all? If it was an objection that you
ought to make provision for the contingency of
jj the people in a convention, or by their own votes,
II refusing to ratify the amended ordinance which
jj you submitted to them, then why did you go oil
li to pass a bill by which you admitted them on con-
jj dition that they should r.ot have the Ordinance
j j which the convention had made? The Senator
II from Virginia says the difficulty is in regard to
ji the ordinance proposing the terms on which the
i| Slate shall agree to forego the right of taxing the
j: public lands, if it has that right, and the grants
ij in consideration of which it will yield that ngm.
j j He say s, that is a matter on which the State should
i! pass, as a people, by themselves, or by their uel-
