1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the speech that I am going to make in r v
to the great power of this House. [Laughter.]
I now approach great constitutional questions
which concern every man and every true citizen.
And, first, as to the power of this House to determ-
ine the mode and manner in which it shall protect
the elective franchise. My friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Boyce] said this morning, that there
was a general judicial power in the House. Does
my friend mean to say that this House has a judi-
cial power except it is confided to it? There is no
use in te Iking to mc about general inherent pow-
ers. Inherent powers belong to individuals, be-
long to man in a state of nature, and not merely
to man, but to animals and plants—the power to
protect themselves. Why talk of the inherent
powers of such a composite composition as a le-
gislative body?
I am merely speaking now in response to the
remarks of the gentleman from South Carolina,
who said that there was a judicial power inherent
in a legislative body. Now, here, in the begin-
ning, I enter my protest in the name of the people
of this great country, against any such doctrine.
The question before the House is a very plain one.
Every man who chooses to place his mind to the
task may understand it. As my friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Buycu] said this morning, it is
nothing but a mere question of expediency. The
power of the House is undoubted, and I believe,
in the honesty of my heart, that if the gentleman
from South Carolina will listen to me, he will be
satisfied that it is expedient before I ain through.
No man doubts the power of the House to invest
a committee with authority to investigate all ques-
tions connected with contested elections. From
the earliest history of the Government up to 1798
there was no other mode adopted, except to ap-
point committees of elections, with full powers
over the subject.
In 1798, there was a law passed very nearly like
that of 1851. It purported on its face to relate to
members of the House only, having no reference
to the Senate. Now, sir, that law was univer-
sally acknowledged to be unconstitutional. The
Constitution confers upon the House the exclu-
sive right to judge of the election and return of
its members, and the Senate could not interfere.
The law very soon ceased to betaken heed of,
and some fifty years passed over our heads, the .
House all the time exercising its exclusive power
over its own contested elections, the power never
having been questioned or denied; and with the
single interregnum of seven years fr.om 1798, no
other power has been claimed or exercised up to |
1851. Sir, how true is the judgment of the pub- i
lie mind to the judgment and feelings of a states- ;
man! The fifth section of the first articlc of the '
Constitution of the United States shows how ut- j
terjy woithless is this act of 1851; and, sir, I will j
meet the gentleman from South Carolina at every I
point, and show that it is utterly worthless. I
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is not Brooks's case. ;
It is the case of the great power of the people of I
the city of Baltimore—call it what you may; call !
it any name you please, and it will suit me. The j
great, eternal principles of justice give the people :
the right to form and regulate iheir own laws; but j
I deny the right to trample down the Constitution j
and laws. xNTo, sir; (he law must be observed.
Know Nothings, Democrats, Black Republicans,
and all other men, are amenable to the majesty of
the law.
But, sir, I said the law of 1798 was similar in
its provisions to that of 1851. The title of the
law of 1851 is, "An act prescribing the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions." That of 1798 was, " to prescribe the
mode of taking evidence in cases of contested
elections in the House of Representatives." Some
smart fellow, no doubt, thought that, by giving
a good title to the act of 1851, jurisdiction might
be given to the House. Now, to show you this
fraud upon the powers and privileges of this
House, look to that statute. From us first sec-
tion to its eleventh section, does it say one word
about the mode of determining contested-election
cases in the Senate? There is the point. Yet,
sir, men who claim to stand by this act of 1851
have only bean duped. You have agreed that the
Senate of the United States shall have coordinate
powers with you in determining the rules and
proceedings in elections of members of this House,
Have yon not done this? It says here, u Be it
enacted by the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled."
I turn now to that glorious instrument, which
is my shield and protection, the Constitution. It
is my shield and protection, and the protection
and-shield of every man in the country. The
Senate has undertaken to pass a law, signed by
the Executive, against our prerogative rights,
againstmy prerogative rights—for I am a member
of this body, sent here by a loyal and Union-
loving constituency. The Constitution says that
" each House shall be the judge"—not the judges
—15'of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its oivn members." " Each House may deteiminc
the rules of its own proceedings." Who, then,
gave the Senate any power to pass upon the mode
in which we should determine the proceedings in
regard to contested elections? Who gave the Sen-
ate any power to pass any act on the subject? I
defy any man here, and in the face of the Consti-
tution, to say that there is any such power in the
Senate to control our proceedings. Yet this law
does so, and seems to confine and restrict this
grand inquest of the nation. We do not mean to
be hampered in that way. Where, sir, do you
find the power to do this? The Constitution is
dead against it. The Senate can no more join
with this House to regulate and control the pro-
ceedings of this House than it can do that thing
of itself; any more, sir, than we can join to con-
trol and regulate the proceedings of the Senate.
It makes no sort of difference whether the attempt
is made by law or by joint resolution. It is a
surrender in either case of our prerogative rights,
which, as a Representative of the people, I shall
object to. Compromises are sometimes very good
and sometimes very bad; and whenever they are
made for the surrender of one right of those I
repiesent, I shall oppose them.
My friend from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce]
said he had some doubt about it, and it was be-
cause of his doubt that he went with the adverse
party, giving them the majority in the committee.
I say, if you turn Mr. Brooks and the disfran-
chised peopleofBaltimore over to that law of 1851,
you turn them over to a dead law. That law has
no vitality. The sitting memberis now prepared
to give advice to those men who are taking evi-
dence in the case of Whyte against Harris, that
they are not bound to return a particle of it. I
would give the same advicc. I believe this law is
unconstitutional. But when the testimony is re-
turned here, 1 shall use it.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips]
agrees with mo thatit may be useful. If you say,
that instead of examining the matter yourselves
you will send out a commission, that becomes the
rule of this I [ouse, and it is lawful. That would
meet the approbation of my head and my heart,
and I will go for it. But when you come to form
it into a law, and the legislative power of the
Government—the Congress—and the Executive
come to tell us how we are to regulate the rules of
our House, I pass it by as a usurpation, and it
falls dead beneath my feet. The power of that
law of 1851 is nothing—nothing as a law, certainly.
The law of 1798 was declared to be unconstitu-
tional, and was never earned into effect; and the
law of 1851 is the same, only they changed the
title. The Lithjof the act of 1798 was " to prescribe
the mode of taking testimony in regard to con-
tested-election cases in the House of Representa-
tives." Now, they struck that out m the law of
1851, and said " m contested-election cases." Yet
not a solitary sentence is found in that law which
affects the Senate. They hold on to their preroga-
tives-—their eternal, prerogative rights. Whileyou
have basely surrendered yours, they stand firm.
"When 1 say basely, I do not mean meanly; but I
mean ignorantly. [Laughter.] The law, there-
fore, amounts to nothing—nothing m this partic-
ular case, because every jury empaneled to try a
cause, must try it upon the peculiar circumstances
which surround it. Is not that so everywhere
and under all circumstances? You turn us over
to a law which is dead, not only because of its un- ;
constitutional want of flesh, but because even in j
its letter it is dead. Gone, clean gone, forever. \
The sixty days have passed, and no notice has
been given, and hoie is a case where the great mass
of the people come up to us by memorial and pe-
tition, alleging that their rights have been invaded,
their homes violated, and the lives of their fathers
and their children takenjbyalawlessbandTof n?en.
The very man who makes an assault, who kill*
another, who shoots another, who cripples an-
other, is borne off in triumph, while the injured
man is taken to jail. I do not know by what com-
bination tfeese things were done, but I know they
were done.
I will not say a word against the sitting mem7
ber. He is a very respectable gentleman; he has
a sort of mind, in my judgment, which I should
call rather flimsy-flamey, namby-pamby. [Laugh?
ter, and cries of " Order. "J
The SPEAKER. Personalities are not in order,
Mr. BOWIE. You do not call that personal, f
hope? [Roars of laughter.] Ben Jonson said
that the smartest thing a man could say, was
something good-natured in regard to his friend.
[Laughter.] Now, when I say " fltmsy-ilamsy,
namby-pamby," what do I mean? [Renewed
laughter.] The gentleman is here to answer for
himself. He need not take any offense at it,when
I so characterize the nature of his letters and of
his mind. [Great laughter.] If it be a crooked
mind, ifit does not go in the straight direction, it is
not my fault, nor is my remark personal; because
it does not relate to him, but it relates to all classes
of men who go crooked ways. Whenever I in-
dulge in personalities, I shall never be mi§under?
stood. [Laughter.]
Now* I say that tin's law is not only not oblig-
atory, but, as a rule of action, it is not binding.
Gentlemen upon the other side say, that although
it may not be constitutional, and may not be ob-
ligatory, yet, as a rule of action of this House, it-
is binding. It is not a rule of action because the
Senate has assisted us in making it, when we
were, by the Constitation, allowed the privilege
and prerogative of making it for ourselves.
But there is another objection stronger than
that. The act of 1851 does not even profess to
be a rule of the House. It relates to men and to
measures, to be taken outside of the House, and
not in reference to proceedings in this House. It
imposes fines upon witnesses who do not attend;
it makes it the duty of judges to take testimony;
and it provides for the summoning of witnesses
outside of the House. It has nothing, whatever,
to do with the proceedings of the House. Do you
call that a rule of proceeding? No reflecting mind
will say so. It is vicious as a law, vicious as
a rule of action, and eternally wrong in every
sense.
I had supposed that my friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Boyce] was too zealous a guardian
of the great, eternal constitutional rights of the
South, to allow a thing so palpably unconstitu-
tional as this. I should have supposed that such
a proposition would have instantly stirred up his
instinct of State rights; and I appeal to him
whether it is not far better to grant the ordinary
power to send for persons and papers to the Com-
mittee of Elections than to have a new commis-
sion issued to Mr. Brooks? Ho says he is willing
to extend the time; it ought to be done. No favor
should be shown to those who are bound by such
oaths as have been read here to-day. Lady Mac-
beth says;
" I have given suck, and know
flow tender 'tis to love the babe that milks me;
I would, while it w;w smiling in ray face,
Have pluckM my nipple fiom his l>oneiess gums,
And dash"d the imuns out, had I so sworn as you
IJavo done to this."
Even woman, sir, the sweet harmonious soul
that makes man happy, the only really charming
portion of creation—if she can be brought to this
state of mind as to dash her babe's brains out
when she has sworn it, how much more are men
to be influenced by their oaths? The disfran-
chised people of the city of Baltimore are implor-
ing you, in the name of Mr. Brooks and twenty-
eight others, to have an investigation, and you
delay it. You allow the sitting member to inter-
pose dilatory pleas. How dare he do it? At the
last Congiess, in the case of Reeder and Whit-
field, he went for a general investigation. Let
gentlemen come up to the point. I do declare,
most sacredly, in the presence of God, that 1 go
for investigating frauds wherever we have'juris-
diction. I agree with the sitting member, when
he said in a former speech that this House has no
jurisdiction over frauds in Kansas. I say so now,
but he does not seem to say so.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the gen-
tleman to refer to Kansas matters.
