2844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 0,
what he offers to do. You give $900,000 a year
to carry the mails to California; and Vanderbilt
compels the contractors to give him $56,000 a
month to keep quiet. That is the effect of your
subventions. This very day, under your Slooand
Harris contracts, you pay about nine hundred
thousand dollars a year; and Vanderbilt, by his
superior skill and energy, compelled them, for a
IoYig time, to disgorge <£40,000 a month, and now
$56,000 a month. The effect of your subventions
is to give the service to a worthless set of specu-
lators. They pay lobby-men, they pay agencies,
they go to law, because everybody is to have
something; and I know this Sloo contract has been
in chancery in New York for years. The result
of the system is, that here comes a man, in his
own right a man, as old Vanderbilt seems to be—
I never saw him, but his operations have excited
my admiration—and he runs right at them, and
says, " disgorge this plunder." He is the king-
fish that is robbing these small plunderers that
come about the Capitol. He does not come here
for that purpose; but he says, " fork over $56,000
a month of this money to me,-that I may he in
port with my ships;5' and they doit. Thus your
subventions do no good. 1 have no doubt that
England will be ready to abandon them for the
same reason that she abandoned discrimination
in tonnage. Why did she release her vessels from
tonnage duties in 1850, if the theory of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island is right'1
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not made any theory.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. You say she wants
to put double postage on our letters, and let hers
go free. On the same principle, she would want
to put four times the tonnage duty on our ships
which she would on her own; and yet the fact is
that she has taken off her discrimination against
you. Our act of 1818 was founded on the piin-
ripie that we would take off discrimination against
those nations winch did not discriminate against
us. England, Sweden, and Denmark have done
it; and Franco now is willing to do itas to steam-
ers, but not as to sailing vessels, because she does
not consider that equality. We have more steam
vessels than she has; and she is starting m the
race of steam—which undoubtedly will become
the great carrier of the world—and she wants to
put herself on an equality with us, and take off
her tonnage duties. I know that to be true from
most authentic aourrcs.
Now, wo propose to say to England, " If you
will give a subvention which will deprive our peo-
ple of the opportunity of carrying letters for the
legitimate postage, we will discriminate against
you." That is what my friend from North Car-
olina proposes, and it is not only legitimate, but
it is in accordance with a pnnciple which is now
on your statute-book, which has stood therefrom
the foundation of the Government, and has been
practiced by all nations wherever commerce has
existed. If you give the postages, and she gives
a subvention, you cannot run on an equality, but
if you tax her mails to the extent of the subven-
tion, you break them down, or bring us on an
equality, and that is the object of the Senator from
North Carolina, and it is a sound object. I do not
believe it will be necessary, for 1 have no doubt
that the British Government will not run their
steamers into our ports against a discriminating
duty. 1 think they will be willing to run the race
fairly; but if not, it is fair to put our own peo-
ple on an equality in this commerce in letters, by
countervailing duties, if necessary. If England
has a fleet of a hundred ships to carry merchan-
dise from Liverpool toNew York, and gives them
a subvention of <£300,000, I would discriminate
against her. This system of discrimination by
one independent nation against another, has been
practiced since the world began, and the object is
to bring back another nation to the piactice of jus-
tice and equality m dealings between them. To he
sure, it is retaliation, but the effect of it is to show
n coequal nation that it had better abandon its
unjust policy, and come back to the rule of jus-
tice. That is ail the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina does.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must confess that I am
not prepared to advocate the initiation of any such
policy as this. Let us reflect on it for a mo-
ment. It is novel to me. It strikes my mind very
unfavorably at the fust blush. It is a doubtful
question whether lines of steamships can be run
as packets, and carry mails between this and the
other continent, without subsidies. That ques-
tion is still untested by experience now. The
Government of Great Britain thinks, wisely or
unwisely, that it cannot maintain lines of mail
steamers without giving a subsidy, or subvention,
or contract—the name is nothing—without giving
a certain annual sum of money—a fixed sum to the
vessels that carry the mails. This Government,
up to the present time, has been imitating this
policy of Great Britain. Many gentlemen in the
Senate think this imitation is injudicious; that the
policy of our Government ought to be changed;
and because, forsooth, we have changed our ideas
on the subject, the matter still being empyrical,
the proposition is not simply to try a separate
policy for ourselves, but to enter into a competi-
tion of prohibitive duties with Great Britain, in
order to force her to abandon a policy that she
deems wise in relation to her own matters. The
history of the world tells us no truth, orit tells us
this: that any attempt of this kind at interference
with the domestic arrangements of a foreign na-"
tion must inevitably recoil upon those who at-
tempt the discrimination. You cannot succeed in
it. All the rules of political economy point out to
you the elements of failure in such a project. If
you put these discriminating duties on vessels
coming from Great Britain because they have sub-
sidies or subventions, of two things one: either
the subsidies will be continued on the English
lines despite tiie great discrimination, because it
will be for the interest of Great "Britain to keep up
its lines notwithstanding your attempt; or if Great
Britain by your legislation is induced to retaliat-
ing measures, your own steamers will have the
same discriminating duties placed upon them
when they go abroad.
No man pretends here that the mails are to be
carried for nothing. I called the attention of the
Senator from North Carolina this morning to
what appeared to me to be a mere difference of
words. He calls it a subsidy to a steamer when
her pay is certain, but it is not a subsidy when
she gets full pay, if the amount which she does
receive is somewhat uncertain and dependent
upon the contingencies of commerce! Now, sir,
let us suppose for a moment that upon the aver-
age rate, one of these lines of steamers will gather
up five or six hundred thousand dollars'worth of
postage per annum. Great Britain, in order to es-
tablish a line of steamers, deems it essential to
contract with the owners of that line, and say in
advance, " if you will establish a line we will se-
cure to you about six hundred thousand dollars
per annum, and we will take the postages our-
selves." The proposition now, here, is to say to
our lines, <s you may take the postages; but we
will not guaranty you how much they shall be;
we will leave them to you, and you shall be sub-
ject to all the contingencies of commerce." If
that suits us, well and good; but the proposition
of the Senator from North Carolina is, now, to
force Great Britain to our way of thinking by
discriminating duties. Why, sir, it is plain that
such an effort must fail. We cannot succeed in
it. I do not see what is to be attained by it.
If by this series of mutual retaliatory duties
you finally make it impossible to run mail steam-
ers between the United States and Gieat Britain,
what will be the natural result? That they will
be run between Great Britain and her colonies in
the North; her lines will stop at Halifax; she will
not bring her mails to your ports, but will leave
you to have lines of mails steamers on your coast
between New York and Halifax, or between Bos-
ton and Halifax; or if that be not the result on
this side, then the terminus on the other side will
be changed, and the lines of steamers will run
from Havre here, instead of from Liverpoolhere;
and after all, what will you gam ? You will have a
series of angry recriminations with Great Britain ;
you will injure your commerce; you will inflict
loss on your own merchants; you will enter on a
career to which 1 see no issue but an ignoble re-
tracing of your steps back to the spot where you
are now. Let us do the best we can with our
lines, and let Great Britain, to use a vulgar ex-
pression, hoe her own row in her own way. Let
us cultivate our field and let her cultivate hers,
and let us not interfere with her mode of culti-
vating her own fields. If it pleases her to give
large subsidies to her own lines, it is a matter
in which we have no right to interfere.
I differ altogether with the ideas of the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina. Take his own
illustration of this morning: if we had a system
of free trade between the United States and Great
Britain, and it pleased Great Britain, for the pur-
pose of encouraging the manufacture of iron, to
give a bounty to her manufacturers often dollars
per ton, would that be any reason for us to levy a
duty on iron pn this side of the water, if contrary to
the general policy of the country ? If so, then we
are in a state of vassalage to Great Britain, far
exceeding that which existed prior to our Revo-
lution; we are bound to make our legislation at
home accord with her legislation abroad. Each
nation adopts its own course; each nation protects
its own industry in its own way; and so long as
we are not interfered with, I hold it to be bad pol-
icy, subversive of the true principles of Govern-
ment, for us to undertake, by legislation here, to
interfere with the legislation of Great Britain at
home.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely rise to suggest
to the Senator from Louisiana, that I think he
misunderstands my illustration. I say it would
be good policy to tax the iron of England in the
case I put. I do not think there is a Senator here,
except the gentleman from Louisiana, who would
not say that if Great Britain ehose to give boun-
ties on iron, and brought it here, and were under-
selling our workmen, we might very i*easonably
impose a tariff on that, with a view of deriving a
revenue into our own Treasury and protecting our
own industry, for we should merely get the money
that was paid by our Government. I think that
is perfectly fair.
I did not rise to make any argument on the
question. I think the Senator's ideas of this sys-
tem of retaliation are wholly imaginary. We pay
on letters by our lines twenty-five times—yes fifty
times as much as on any other sort of freight, and
letters will always be carried. We pay, 1 do not
know how many dollars a pound now on letters
carried from this country. Of course they can be
carried. It is a mere question how they will bo
carried,and atwhatspeed. I think with the Sen-
ator from Georgia; and if it had not been that I
did not wish to weary the Senate, I would have
read to-day some statements' fiom some of the
leading journals and men in England, to show
that they are getting tired of this system, that
there is a great outcry against it, because a ma-
jority of theirlines, mostofthoseengaged in trade,
getnosubsidy, and are complaining^of these enor-
mous ones to the others; but I will not weary the
Senate; I presume gentlemen understand the sub-
ject.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought the Senator from
North Carolina said this morning that the Cunard
contract lasted until 1862.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Until 1863, with the pro-
vision that at that time the British Government
may terminate it on twelve months' notice; and
another provision that at any time after 1850and
the amended contract in 1852, the company may
terminate it on twelve months5 notice on their
paying the British Government #20,000, and com-
pel the British Government to take their ships at
| a valuation. The company can stop it in twelve
; months from tins time if they choose, and if my
proposition were to pass, it would be a question
' for them to determine whether they would term-
inate the service at the end of two years or not.
The British Government is compelled to take the
vessels at a valuation, on the company giving no-
tice of their desire to do so.
| Mr. SIMMONS. The difficulty with me, with
j out any knowledge of what may be the determm-
I ation of the mail steamship company of England
I two years in advance, is that at the heel of the
| session you are attempting to inaugurate a new
policy. I do not want to bandy words with the
Senator from Georgia about this matter. I think
he and I agree pretty generally on this subject. {
am not advocating any new contracts of this sort.
We have one that lasts two years, the English
Government has one that lasts four; and I do not
think it wise to interfere with either of them, two
years in advance, with the proposition now made,
without time to investigate it, or to see what its
probable effects will be.
Mr. TOOMBS. This bill interferes with it.
Mr. SIMMONS. It does not interfere with
the Collins contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, it make an alteration of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. It allows the Postmaster
