2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
ator to suggest his proposition, either to advertise
for proposals on this route or buy another.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask whether,
under the law as it now exists, the Postmaster !
General will not be authorized to renew the con- j
tract on the Pacific coast if this amendment be not;
adopted5 Is there any law which authorizes him i
to renew the contract which now exists for carry-:
ins the mail on the Pacific coast? j
Mi. PCJGH. it cannot be otherwise. Here '
is a gross sum appropriated for the whole year ;
for carrying the mail, and nobody carries it on i
that route but these parties, at present. They i
carry it continuously up to the 1st of October, but j
after that time they have no contract. You give I
nobody else a chance. j
Mr. TOOMBS. I think there is a law author- |
izing the Postmaster General to act on this sub- j
ject. The chairman of the Post Office Committee
ought to know how that is. I would suggest to
the Senator from Ohio that he can get rid of the
difficulties by authorizing the Postmaster General
to contract for carrying the mail from any point
on the Pacific coast that suits him. Let him take
the Tehuantepec, or the Nicaragua, or the Hon-
duras, or the Panama route, if he will; give him
full range. One thing is very clear; the existing
contract for this service expires in October, and
it isjust as clear as that the sun shines that the
service can be done for half the money. Why
are you going1 to continue it for a year longer?
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me for a moment3 He knows what my
views are about advertising for proposals on these
routes; but I will merely suggest that the Sloo
contract for the line which goes down to Chagres
does not run out until next year, and the pro-
vision m the bill will bring them both out to-
gether.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is only $270,000 in that
contract.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire both these routes
to be advertised at the same time.
Mr. TOOMBS. That ought to be done, and I
am astonished that the proj>er Department has not
brought it to our notice. These contracts were
made before the discovery of gold in California,
at veiy high rates. There was competition on
these lines until it was actually bought off, and, as
1 remarked before, these contractors pay $56,000
a month of your subvention to keep off opposi-
tion. If they can aObrd to do that, I think you
can get your nunl carried cheaper. When the
contract expires, you can get the service done for
half the money you pay these people. Mr. Vail-
derlnlt, I recollect, years ago proposed to run the
Nicaragua routes for a great deal less money; and
I received a letter, the other day, saying that the
service would be taken for ">250,000 on one side
and $300,000 on the other. What 1 want the
Government to do, is to supply moils to Califor-
nia on the best terms, in order to secuie guod ser-
vice for the least money. I do not wish to do
away with carrying the mails; it is our duty to
carry them as long as we keep up the system; but
1 want them to be carried by (hose who will do
the service cheapest and best. Everybody knows
that it can be done for half the money we pay now.
Why, then, should we continue thus to waste the
public money ?
The objection is that the contract on this side
has been construed to last for a year longer than
the contract on the other. That never had any
foundation, in fact; but by adroit legislation, such
as we get into bills on nights like this, when we
make steam contracts here and nobody knows
anything ahout them. Let me give a brief his-
tory of the nansactions, to show how that scheme
was worked. First, the service from here to Pan-
ama, and from Panama to California, was month-
ly. Then a provision was slipped in some bill
making the service semi-monthly on this side.
The contractors on the other side came here and
told us that the mails weie lying in Panama for
two weeks; that they were exposed there, and
that they ought to be taken to their destination.
That argument prevailed, and yon agreed to pay
for carrying the mails twice a month from Pana-
ma to California. We were told, what is the use
of having a mail lying in Panama a fortnight?
Seeing that there were other routes which were
probably cheaper, I, in connection with other
gentlemen, insisted that the extra service should
be terminated whenever Congress pleased, but
by some contrivance, notwithstanding you in-
tended the two lines to meet, your legislation has
been construed to continue the line on this side
one year longer than the One on the other side,
although it was originally one contract to Cali-
fornia, made at the same time. The result is, that
the parties on the other side now say, "continue
our contract for one year; if you do not the other
contractors will deliver the mail at Ch8gres, and
you cannotgetit carried to California." The ob-
ject is to get money out of the public Treasury to
continue these contracts. One of them, I know,
can be terminated at pleasure; for I myself drew
up an amendment to that effect, many years ago,
in the other 'House, and it was inserted in the
law. I would fulfill the contract to the letter, and
give California the full benefit of the mail service.
1 would throw it open and give it to those who
will pass the mail service from some good port on
this side to San Francisco in the quickest time,
with the greatest speed, and at the least price.
That is what I have always advocated. I care
nothing about the conflicts in regard to the dif-
ferent routes; I do not know who has got them,
nor do I care. This is, however, a matter of great
consequence whether you shall continue to pay a
subsidy of $900,000 for this purpose, so that they
can afford to give a man $600,000 a year not to
run. This is a way of managing the public busi-
ness that is absolutely discreditable to us to suffer
it to continue one hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. I agree entirely with gen-
tleman, in the propriety of having this mail ser-
vice provided for; but to my mind, the difficulty
is this: it has been construed (whether there was
good foundation for thatconstruction or not, is not
now material) that the mail service on this side,
under the Sloo contract, lasts a year longer than
the contract on the other side, which is the Har-
ris contract. Now, the proposition in the bill is
to pay for a year to come. That will bring the
two contracts both out. The Harris contract on
the Pacific is out in October, and the bill will
bring them both out together. What I desire is
that this bill should pass, and that a provision
should be made just in the manner the Senator
from Georgia suggests, and it ought to be made
in this bill. It seems to me that the Postmaster
General should advertise for proposals for carry-
ing the mail, if you please, from the Atlantic side
to California and Oregon; and I think we can get
better proposals for carrying it by putting out
(he whole route from hereon both sides together,
to beer in together, than we can by undertaking to
advertise one part one year, and another next
year. This is a service that lequircs a large in-
vestment of capital, whether by the same persons
who have it now invested, or by Mr. Vandcrbilr,
or anybody else who does the work. If they can
know the whole extent of the route upon both
sides, they can calculate as to the amount of cap-
ital required altogether, arid I think we can get
better terms and better proposals than we can by
advertising for parts of the route. Therefore,-it
is my wish that this clause in the bill should pass
as it is, paying for this transportation for a year,
and then in the same bill provide that within the
year the Postmaster General shall receive propo-
sals and make a contract to perform the service,
from the Atlanticcoastto the Pacific, for a pioper
number of years, five or ten, or whatever number
may be considered proper. I desire no more con-
tracts made by act of Congress with A or to B,
for a particular sum fixed in the law, but let the
Postmaster Geneial.advertise for proposals as in
regard to other service. I think we can get bet-
ter terms by advertising for this whole service at
I the same time. I think, therefore, this appro-
i priation had better stand.
j Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Vermont did
not. understand the reason why, in the latter
branch of my first amendment, I inserted the name
of Mr. Sloo. I did that because he was the party
whose contract was embraced by our treaty stip-
ulation, and either he, or parties claiming under
him in some form or shape, are the only parties,
I suppose, that would be entitled to carry the
mail across that route. Whatever their rights
may be as between themselves, 1 do not undertake
to say, for I do not know. I asked for some inform-
ation on the subject from the executive department,
in answer to specific questions almost two4weeks
ago, and I have never been honored with any
answer. *
Mr. COLLAMER. This is the same name,
and I take it is the same man who had this con-
tract originally.
Mr. PtFGII. It has passed to trustees long
since.
Mr. COLLAMER. He has trustees acting in
relation to his contract now, from here to Chagres,
but they are. all the while having law-suits about
it, pretty much as the honorable Senator from
Georgia said. It has been in chancery within my
knowledge for a pretty long while. So, too, there
has been a constant quarrel about the condition
of his interest in that supposed treaty with Nic-
aragua. How little or how much his interest is
I do not know. He claims it, and claims that he
has been wronged. Hosv the true merits of that
matter are, I do not know, and I do not care.
What I want is that this appropriation shall be
made as it is, but that we shall not let this bill
pass until some provision is made for putting out
proposals for the service in the best and cheapest
way-
Mr. HUNTER. We were aware, in the Fi-
nance Committee, that the contract on the Pacific
terminated in October; but as was said by the
Senator fiom Massachusetts, we thought this
was domestic seivice; it was for carrying the
mails from one port in our own country to an-
other, and we are willing to extend it for six
months in order that we might get time to arrange
the whole system so that the two contracts might
expire together. With myself, there was another
motive. By that time we can ascertain whether
the Tehuantepec route be practicable, and if it
be, we can then arrange our system of mail com-
munication with California upon much better
and much more advantageous terms; and in order
to ascertain that, it is necessary to let some con-
tract run for six months. If we break up the
contract in October, I suppose the result will be
that the Department will then be required to
advertise for a contract for a term of years; and
if so, that contract will be made before we know
whether the other route will be available.
Taking all things into consideration, it seemed
to me best that we should have this contiact go
on six months longer; and if we add the provision
suggested by the Senator from Vermont, that the
Postmaster General shall go on and advertise for
contracts on both sides during the year, I think
it is probable this is the best mode m which the
matter can be arranged. If, however, the Senator
from Ohio could show that after six months we
could getanother contract for six months cheaper
than this, I would go for his amendment, but not
otherwise. Under the circumstances, it seems to
me the best thing we can do is to let this contract
run until the expiration of the fiscal year, and in
the mean time make provision for the other; for
if it should turn out that the Tehuantepec route is
practicable, we certainly can make a cheaper and
much better mail communication in that direction,
than on the old line.
Mr. GWIN. If the policy of conveying the
mails to the Pacific coast is to be continued, there
ought to be three routes instead of one. At pres-
ent but one route is open for transportation. The
transit route by Nicaragua has been closed for
some years, caused by the revolutions in that
country, and the contest of speculators for the
route. It is not yet known whether there can be
a transit route established across the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec with suitable ports for steamships,
on the Atlantic and Pacific. The cmly reason that
induces me to acquiesce in carrying the mails by
Panama longer than next October,"is because we
have no other isthmus route that is open and fit to
transmit mails and passengers. 1 hope in a few
months the Nicaragua rouie will be open, and the
experiment will be made, whether Tehuantepec
can be made a transit route; and then I am in fa-
vor of having the mails carried on each route, and
that the contracts should be given to the lowest
bidders. I am utterly opposed to the renewal
of cither of the present contracts, on this or the
other side of the Isthmus of Panama. 1 want com-
petition on those routes, with a separate and dis-
tinct contract on each, to break up the monopoly
that now exists, and which is so odious to my con-
stituents. I have no doubt that contracts can be
made to carry the mails on the three isthmus
routes, semi-monthly, for the same amount we
are now paying for the transportation of the mails
by Panama, if free competition is invited, and the
