1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
to me that if we submit to this, we submit to a
degradation which makes us slaves, and slaves in
the worst sense. What, sir, have the free States
done, what has Kansas done, what has anybody
done, that there shall be taken from the Federal
Treasury, either in money or in lands, five mil-
lions as a premium to induce the Territories to
come in as slave States ?
. And, sir, this is no new feature in the history
of your Government on this question. When Mr.
Buchanan was Secretary of State under James
K. Polk, he offered $200,000,000 to the Spanish
Crown to buy the slave island of Cuba. What for?
Were we in want of islands? Had we not enough?
That same James Buchanan who wanted to buy
.islands with a slave population at $200,000,000 a
piece, by a single dash of his pen, gave away
•another island, on the Pacific coast, occupying
relatively the same position to the Pacific that
Cuba did to the Gulf of Mexico—I mean Van-
couver's Island. Yes, sir; Vancouver's Island,
on the Pacific coast, was given away by the same
Mr. Buchanan, when our title to it was clear and
indisputable; just as clear as it was to any part
of this Union. Mr. Buchanan gave that away
because—no, sir, I will not say because; but I will
say it happened that he gave it away—it being on
the Pacific coast, and in such a latitude that it would
probably be made a free State if it ever came into
the Union. At the same time that he has north-
ern islands to give away, he wants to buy south-
ern islands at $200,000,000 a piece. But yet, sir,
we are told of the equality of the rights of the
States; and it is a theme upon which we have
been lectured over and over and over again, and
it has been alluded to I do not know how many
times in this discussion.
Now, as I said yesterday, when I suggested
that this matter be laid over and brought up for
discussion to day, I did not believe there was any
purpose on this side of the House to talk against
time; I have no such purpose myself; I have seen
none such in others; and although there are a
great many other considerations which are potent
inmjr mind for voting against this proposition,
this single one is enough to condemn it by every
conviction of my understanding and every feeling
of my heart; and having expressed this much, 1
shall not trespass longer on the attention of the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, itisnot my pur-
Cose at this time, after the general question has
een so elaborately discussed, to detain the Sen-
ate at any length by anything that I may have to
nay at this period of the debate. But, sir, we have
now before us, as we are told, a new proposition
altogether. We are told that it is in the nature
of a new bill, having but very little connection
with anything that has preceded it. I must con-
fess that I am astonished at the nature of the
proposition which the gentlemen composing the
committee of conference have brought in for our
consideration. Untrammeled as the committee
seem to have been by anything that has been
done—so they say—and being about to initiate a
new proposition altogether, the fact that their
minds should have fastened upon such a thing as
this, is well calculated, I think, to surprise any-
body. If justice, right, and equal regard to the
institutions of the South and of the North,were
to be considered by that committee, it appears to
me that an unsophisticated man misht, in five
minutes, have brought in a proposition against
which there would havd been no dissenting voice
in either branch of your Legislature.
We had been divided here upon questions with
regard to the will and wishes of the people of
Kansas as to the constitution under winch they
should live. It was contended on the one side
that the people, acting through the forms of law,
had framed a constitution which ought to be oblig-
atory. On the other hand, that constitution was
assailed here by the Opposition upon the ground
that it was an utter perversion of the will of the
majority of the people of Kansas; that it was got
up by trickery and by fraud, and that the major-
ity of the people ought not to be governed by it.
Thus we were at issue upon this thing called the
Lecompton constitution. A portion of the peo-
ple had called a convention, which framed this
instrument, and called itaconstituiion. The peo-
ple had previously met and framed another con-
stitution, which they called their constitution, and
which thfcv said embodied the will of the great
mass of the people of Kansas. I allude to the
Topeka constitution.
Now, sir, when this committee were about to
pass by all the propositions that had gone before,
and to substitute a new bill, how easy it would
have been for them to say, in perfect justice and
fairness to all, 54 we will not take the first con-
stitution made at Topeka, because it is denied on
the other side to be the will of the people; we will
not take the Lecompton constitution, because it
is alleged to be fraudulent, and not to embody the
will of the people; but we will throw both aside,
and we will provide, under every safeguard that
can secure an honest and fair election, for submit-
ting this complicated and vexatious question again
to the people, and they shall be at liberty to frame
their constitution." For that purpose the com-
mittee might have selected any precedent they
wished—they might have taken the enabling act
for Minnesota, or any similar one, and they would
have found no objection to it. We should all have
voted for a proposition of that kind, just to all
parties; weshould have permitted the people to
come up now fairly to the work of framingacon-
stitution; we should have said to them, " make
it republican in form; submit it to our considera-
tion; and if we find it to be such, we will admit
you with it."
Why did it not occur to this committee that that
was the way to settle the controversy, if a settle-
ment of it was indeed desired} The proposition
which they have made, while it seems to me in a
certain aspect to be humiliating to the South, is
unjust, if not an open insult, to the North. It is
humiliating to the South because it is a total and
entire abandonment of the principle on which
many of them staked their determination not to
exist in the Union at all*,for they said, "let us have
the Lpcompton constitution, or we will go out of
the Union ourselves." That proposition they have
surrendered; they have given it up; they do not
pretend that they can stand by it unless it ism
some sort submitted and thrown back to the peo-
ple to pass upon. So far it is right; so far it is
just; Mild I was glad to see the committee yield
thus far to the reasons and arguments which had
been addressed to them, showing that their Le-
compton concern was fraudulent; that it did not
embody the will of the people; that it was a fraud;
and that their legal position was fraught with
tyranny and danger in all subsequent time. That
position has been repudiated and abandoned by
them. We hear no more of the omnipotence of
conventions assembled to frame constitutions.
We hear no more of their being armed with su-
preme power to put upon the necks of a people
just such a constitution as they please, without
the people having power to get rid of it. That
was the position wc heard rung in our ears from
southern gentlemen day after day, but a little
while ago. Nowthey have thrown this absurd po-
sition to the winds, and I thank God for it. They
seem to admit that the people after all must have
the right, in some shape, to pass upon the insti-
tutions under which they are to live. So far it is
a great improvement on the Lecompton concern.
But if the people are to pass upon the Lecompton
constitution, why not let them do it directly?
Will any man be deceived by the verbiage in
which this proposition is couched? Have you
not left the people to pass upon it? If so, why
not submit it in such a plain and fair manner that
the people can ail understand it?
Sir, this proposition reads upon its face as
though it was a premium for votes. Are the peo-
ple to vote directly upon the constitution under
which they live? Not by any means: but they
are to vote upon a grant of land; theyare to vote
whether they will accept a gift from the Govern-
ment of five or six million acres of land; and if
they decide to take the land, that decision is to
drag after it the Lecompton constitution, that they
have repudiated over and over again. Was ever
any such thing as this concocted by a statesman
for the action of the people? Is a land grant the
principal thing in framing a State constitution?
Sir, it seems to be a bid of land for liberty, a bribe
held out. " Will you, people of Kansas, sin render
your liberties for land ?3> Thatis the question; it
cannot he disguised. 1 impugn directly the mo-
tives of no man, but I state what the effect of this
action will be. How will it appear to the world, ;
say what you will about it? Jf the people will vote [
themselves so much kind, then they surrender ;
themselves to a slave constitution, which you and
I know they have repudiated over and over again.
It is not competent for me to state the motives
which have prompted to such action as this; but
-you vote for the .incident, and the principal is to
follow. How absurd and inconsequential! Why,
Mr. President, if I should make just such a prop-
osition as that to obtain your vote upon a private
bill, and it should come out to the world that I
had done it, 1 presume every just minded Senator
here would vote promptly to expel me from the
body as unworthy of a seat in it. The offer is:
" so much land if you vote for this constitution; if
you vote against it, you shall have neither land
nor anything else."
Mr. President, I recollect well that in the course
of some observations which I made not long ago,
j you, sir, [Mr. Biggs in the chair,] put the ques-
| tion to me: suppose a slave constitution were pre-
sented to Congress: would I vote for it? I recol-
lect well the answer I made to you, and your
apparent surprise at the absuidity of the answer.
Yet I find the President of this body to-day as-
suming my position, and voting for the same prop-
osition, only reversing its application. I would
not vote for the admission of a slave constitution;
nor will you vote for a free one. I do not com-
plain of you; I cannot complain of you, because
I occupy about the same ground that you will do
an hour hence, when the vote is taken, except
that practically our positions £re reversed in the
application of them. You come from a slave
State, and I' from a free State. The country will
understand the positions we all occupy on this
subject, and 1 do not care how soon they are un-
derstood by all.
Mr. President, it has been sought to break the "
| force of the objections to this scheme by saying
j that there was uncertainty about the people of
| Kansas accepting the grant proposed in yourori-
j ginal bill. This is a strange apology, and it comes
at a strange and an unfortunate time. Sir, do you
not know that the subject was mooted in the Com-
mittee on Territories, and it was said that no kind
of objection could arise from any such thing; that
we had a right to modify the ordinance and make
what grant of land we pleased to the Territory;
and if they rejected the constitution on account of
our notgiving them as much as they thought they
were entitled to, they would not be a State; but
if they accepted the constitution by organizing
under it, subject to tiro provision we had made,
that was an end of it ? How happens it now that
you make this whole controveisy turn, as it were,
on the uncertainty of whether the people will ac-
cept a donation such as you have made to every
other 'State ? Why in the name of Heaven is it
now paraded here as the main reason wRy you
have reversed your action?
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories
never did say that it was the right of the commit-
tee or of Congress to dictate the terms upon which
the State should be admitted. They have always
claimed that; but on the question of contract on
the subject of lands, it was matter of agreement.
The formation and adoption of a constitution, the
committee held, was a question with which the
Senate and the House of Representatives had
nothing to do; and that has been the point all the
time. I think, therefore, the Senator does injus-
tice to the committee when he says that they
thought the subject of the grant of lands was a
proper matter for the consideration of the conven-
tion of the Territory. Not so; it is a matter of
agreement, proposition, acceptance; but the con-
stitution is a different thing; that is a finality al-
ready.
Mr. WADE. I do not deny that. That is just
| exactly what we did agree. We agreed that it
; was a proposed compact, and that if the proposi-
. tion on our part should be accepted by the organ-
! ization of a State government under it, it wouid
be very well, and their action under it would
fah ow their agreement to our proposed contract,
i That is what we agreed to in committee, and it
' is a sound principle of law; and the idea of repu-
j diating it i not twenty-four hours old. That is
! how we agreed; and yet the Senator from Vir-
| gima rises here, and to apologize for tnis mis-
! siiapenproduction of thecommittee of conference,
! makes it all to turn on the uncertainty of whether
i the people of Kansas would accept this proposi-
j tion. 1 might ask that Senator, or any other who
■ has had anything to do with tlii subject, if that
