1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2847
contracts given to the lowest bidder, and I will
' never agree to any other mode of making con-
tracts.
I hope, and believe, that all the routes will be
open within a few months, and that by the next
session we can authorize the mails to be carried
on each, under contracts to the lowest bidders;
and for that reason I shall not oppose the present
appropriation.
Mr. BRODERICK. If the Senator from Ohio
insists on his amendment, I hope he will make
some provision by which the Postmaster General
can enter into a new contract in October next; for
if the present contract expires, I suppose we shall
be without any mail facilities until Congress meets
again. I am myself in favor of giving this service
to the lowest bidder.
Mr. PUGH. I will state that the reason why
I did not propose it was, that I saw, of course,
such a fftoposition must be made, if this amend- j
ment carried, and it would be better for Senators 1
variously to present their propositions, and let the ;j
Senate adopt whatever one it preferred. If we do !
not cover up the period after adopting my amend- ' |
ment, if it be adopted, no doubt we shall have to ,j
go back and reconsider it. n
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I should like the :j
Senator to give me some security that it would | j
pass the other House. I do not wish, by my vote, :'
to prevent any mail communication between J,he j
Atlantic States and California. I am free to say j!
that I am willing to give this service to the lowest j j
bidder, and I believe that the Government is now ij
paying an exorbitant price for carrying tins mail; !i
but I do not want to place myselfm a false position ' j
by voting to destroy a contract without making :
some provision for a new one. If the Senator
will make any provision, so that the Postmaster ;j
General can enter into a new contract in October j
next, I shall have no objection to his amendment; i
but 1 want some security beforehand in this re- '
spect. I1
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say a word. It :
appears to me that this matter is in a nutshell.
The mail is to be carried to San Francisco. By
the contract, as it now stands, it must go to Pan- I,
ama until the 1st of October, next year. The mail
on the other side connects with the mail on this
side, under existing contracts. The contract fur :
that purpose expires on the 1st of October next. |
It would be a very good plan, then, to stop thy ■
present contract on tlie other side on the 1st of 1
October next, and put it out to a new contractor
for a bi lef time; but, as the Senator ftom Virginia
has well observed, by the time we meet here again ]
next winter, the experiment, whether or not a '
mail can be earned across the Isthmus of Tehuan- i
tepee, will have been solved, and then we shall
know whether we want to continue the line of
communication by Panama to San Francisco at
the present enormous rates, or whether we shall
confine the California mail to the Tehuantepec
Isthmus at half the present rates. All this is mat-
ter dependent entirely on the success of carrying
the mails by Tehuantepec.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me ob-
vious that it will not do to jeopard t.lv  present
communication with Francisco. If you put
up the service or? the other side now at auction, ;[
nobody w-y!r bid for it for one yeai. If you offer i[
it for more than a year you bind yourself to keep j.
it there, when at the end of the year you may ,j
want to move it. For that reason it is obviously ;i
our better policy to let matters stand as they are j|
for twelve months. In the mean time Congress !
meets again, and we shall ascertain how things ,
stand. I think, therefore, we had better let the ,
bill remain as it is in this respect, and make the ■
provision the Senator from Vermont alludes to ,
next winter. We shall then have the whole sub- |
ject before us, with a certainty of what we are
about. If you advertise the contract on the other
side for a single year from October next you will ;
get no bidders. Advertise it for a term of years j
and you bind yourself to keep the mails just there, !
whether it suits you or not. You had." better let '
it alone for twelve mouths. '
Mr. PUGH. I will withdraw the amendment
if there be no objection, if the Senator from Ver-
mont will offer the proposition he lms suggested, :
so that we can have full information at the next
session. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.) |
If there be no objection, the Senator may with- <
draw his amendment. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. COLLAMER. After the suggestions in
relation to the Tehuantepec route, I'do not see
any reason why we may not safely let the matter
rest as it is, until the nextsession, and then make
our provision for offering proposals.
Several Senators. That is better.
Mr. YULEE. That was the view of the Post
Office Committee. We discussed the propriety
of moving an amendment to this bill directing an
advertisement such as has been suggested by the
Senator from Vermont; but the conclusion of the
committee was that it would be better to reserve |j
it until the next session. ji
Mr. KING. I desire to offer an amendment: j,
•tfjjrf be it further enacted, That it shall not be tawtul for 1 j
the Postmaster Gcneial to make any steamship ox othci ]|
contract for cairymg the mails on the sea lor a longer period h
than four yeais." j [
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will not i1
press that amendment; or, at all events, will ex- jj
tend the time to six years. The difficulty about i1
carrying out on the ocean the practice of the Gov- ;!
eminent upon land, of making mail contracts for ji
four years is, that the establishment of lines of !'
steamers, such as are necessary for transatlantic j]
service, requires an investment of capital which !S
may not be invited by a contract for*four years, jj
I think it is better that this point should be left to ' i
the discretion of the Department. What matters 1
it if the contract is made for one hundred years, i|
if it be on the condition that they shall charge no |j
more than we receive from postages? The longer |
the better; but the great point is to establish in j;
the public mind a conviction, an assurance of cor- j
tainty and regularity. To obtain ceiuuiity and jj
regularity is the great point. Whenever we do '
that, we shall have our full share of postages. It
is because the Canard line has boon regular and
reliable, and our lines have not been, that it has
taken the mam bulk of the mail matter and we
have not. For four years 1 do not think the Post
Office Department will be able successfully to es-
tablish a line. They will certainly foi ten years;
fornix yeais they may and probably will; but '/
for four years I think they cannot. I hope, if the M
Senator insists on any amendment, he will make
it six years; but I would prefer to leave it to the 11
discretion of the Department. |]
Mr. KING. I offered the amendment because \
of the piovision which was adopted by the Sen- ;■
ate, to which the Senator from Florida has alluded, j|
I assented to it with the intention of offering a j;
I propositionhontingtheterm of thecontracts. The jl
j piovision we have adopted in relation to oceanic j!
contracts between us and European ports is unhm- ! [
ited. 1 think contracts of ten or twenty years, or 1
for unlimited periods, ought not to be made. The 1'
contracts now existing with steamships, winch |j
have produced so much trouble to us, weie made ji
by Congress for a period of ten yeais. In my ||
opinion contracts upon the sea can be made as
well in the ordinary way by advertisement, as con- j i
tracts over our roads, where railroads are required j1
to carry the mails, in which a vastly larger <-x- j1
pcnditure of money ;•*> re-qufrt.d, than in the estab • 1
lishmentof a steamship line. The steam marine
of the country is increasing, and we shall soon ^
have the benefit of competition. My opinion is i1
that we should certainly have a limitation, and I |;
have named four years as the time which 1 think
is the best period. That is the ordinary period
of our mail contracts. I think we should have ,
stated periods for competition.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill wasrenorted to the Senate as amended. ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m the amendments which have
been made by the Senate acting as m Committee
of the Whole. :,
Mr. PUGH. Let us have a separate vote on '
the Collins amendment. ',\
I Mr. TOOMBS. I want a separate vote on all \
\ these amendments. There was a very-thin Sen- ;j
j ate—but four over a quorum on some of them. 1
1 I think some of the amendments are so bad that ,
i we had better have another chance on all of them. ■'
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question ^
| will be taken separately on the amendments.
| Mr. YULE I?" The Senator refers to the !
! amendments of the Committee on Finance. ,!
* Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. !■
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the first amendment reported
from the Committee on Finance, and which was
adopted in Committee of the Whole, to strike out
the following clause:
<• For transportation of the mails from New York toLiv-
eipolJ, and back, .$316,300 ;'and n i> hereby provided thai
there be paid to the Post Office Department, out of said
appiopriation, such sums as maybe required to procure
the transportation of the mails ti'oin New York to Liver-
pool, and b.iek, on sucli days as tbc Collins line may fail to
take them from New York
and in lieu of it to insert:
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
erpool, and back, in pursuance of the contiact with E. K.
t'uUin* ami others?, $346,300: Jind it ii> hereby jnoruled,
That tor such days as the said Collins and others -shall fail
to perform sud service, the Postmaster General if author-
ized to contiact with the owner or owners of any other
steam vessel or voxels to perform said service, by trans-
porting the mails from such port in the United States to
-aich port in Great Hiitam as lie may select, and pay there-
to! a t-um equal lu the amount of ocwan and inland pos-tages
received by the United States And the Postmaster Gen-
eial may. with the consent of the contractors, change the
Kuiopean termination of said route, under the contiact
utoio^aul, from Livoipool to Southampton.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Georgia, that it would be better to move
to strike out from that amendment the last three
lines:
And the Postmaster Geneinl may, vyth the consent of
the contrac tors, change the Euiopean termination of ?aid
route, under the contact afoie?aid, fiom Liverpool to
Southampton."
Mr. TOOMRS. I move to strike out that clause;
and if that fads, I should prefer the House ori-
ginal bill in that respect to the Senate amendment.
I see no reason, if we arc going to give this ad-
vantage to Mr. Collins, as we arc going to alter
the contract, why we should not put m something
on our side. Why not take money enough for
his failures out of his contiact price to supply the
mail when he will not curry it? and the House
bill is that much better than the amendment, un-
less these three lines be stricken out. I ask the
yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. If u be desirable, as seems
to be professed by many, that we should secure
a weekly line (as I know the Department desires)
of our own to Europe, it can be secured by bav-
ins: Air. Colhns's line end at Southampton; that
is, go from here to Southampton twice a month,
filling up the weeks when the Bremen and Havre
lin«js do not run. Ry that means we can get a
weekly line of our own from here to Europe. If
Mr. Collins, or those people who own his line,
can receive for going to Southampton what they
now get for going to Liverpool, twice a month,
they will run there; and, by having those other
ltnett run twice a month for the postages you se-
cure a weekly communication. If the provision be
stricken out allowing Mr. Collins to go to South-
ampton, we never can have a weekly line.
Mr. TOO VIES. I think, from the ideas and al-
lusions ot the Senator from Vermont, that these
people do not want a weekly line at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. I spoke of what I under-
stood the Department wants, what it desires to
effect.
Mr. TOOMRS. The Department has not rec-
ommended tins amendment, that I know of. If
a weekly line is desirable, and we can get it for
the postages, wo can get rid of the difference be-
tween $3^7,000 and the postages. As Mr. Col-
lins has not complied with his contract, we leave
him to carry the mail to Liverpool, if he chooses,
and pay him the $387,000; and if he does not do
it, if we can carry it once a month for the post-
ages, we may, according to the gentleman's idea,
carry it every week.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; t say if Mr. Collins
can have his line to Southampton for what he gets
for running to Liverpool, neaily four hundred
thousand dollars, he may make a weekly hue,
taking his contract price for two trips a month,
and the postages for the other two. He may af-
ford to do that.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have got a good contractor,
as we are informed by the Department, to go to
Southampton for the postages. Mr. Collins has
not turned a paddle m six months, although he
could get his $387,000 if lie had. Now, why do
you want to throw money into his hands to en-
able him to drive off the others? Is he the con-
tractor you want? You say he is not obliged to
perform his contract; he is not compelled to run
a trip at all; only, if he does not run, you do not
