THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fu'th Congress,, 1st Session.
eome day will not even stop at Central America,
but will go beyond it. We are an increasing peo-
ple. We have continual accessions from other
nations, and they become imbued with our spirit,
and commingle with us and our enterprises. This
mixture of races causes an irresistible impetus,
that must overshadow and overrule that whole
region.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause for a moment. It is the duty of the Chair
to call for the special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was done, at all events.
Mr. MASON. To dispose of the subject, I
move to lay the resolution and amendment on the
table.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator from
Texas is not through with his remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had finished.
Mr. MASON. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls up
.the special order. Is there any motion to post-
pone it for the purpose of talcing the vote oil the
resolution of the Senator from Texas?
Mr, HOUSTON. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order, so that the vote may be taken on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I did not contemplate that. I
thought by general consent we might informally
pass over the special order, and dispose of this
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection in any quarter, the Chair will consider it
to be the pleasure of the Senate so to dispose of
this question.
Mr. MASON. By general consent we may
take the vote. [" Agreed!"] I lm-iye that the
resolution and amendment lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
increa.se of the army.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
increase the military establishment of the United
States.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to give notice that I
shall modify the amendment I design oftering, by
adding to it a section which I ask may be read
for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That the 1'ie^ulentof the Lin-
ted ytaLCb iH'iy, at his disciction, detail sucii ollict'is of the
regular Anny as he m:iy think pioper, to coniiiiiinii in the
regiments heiehy authorized, v.'ho r.hal! leeeive, as their en-
tire compensation, the pay and emoluments of the giailem
winch they may servo, and who shall return to the lobular
Army when the said resimeiiN shall he disbanded, Willi such ■
rank as they would have held if they had never been detailed
to berve m the regiments so di-banded ; it beitjir intended by
this act that such serviee shall be without piepidiee to their
promotion m the corps to winch they lespretively belong.
All tile field officers above the 1011k of captain, in the rest-
jnent- herein authuiizod, shall In ch'tailed bv the Provident
from the rejnlat Ai my as above directed, 111 the mode and 011
tile conditions theiem ptesctibed.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to give notice
that when I offer the amendment which I sug-
gested yesterday, which I shall do if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts should
fail, I will modify my amendment by adding this
as an additional section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to pre-
sent an amendment to this bill, which T ask the
Senator from Massachusetts to accept in lieu of
his proposition. My amendment is, to strike out
all of the bill after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the President, for the purple of enforcm-r the Iawa
of tile United States and piotectms? the citizt ns ou Use mute s
of emigration m thfi Temtoiy of Utah, and to he employed
in Mid Territory, be, and he is hereby, authorized to e.ui tor
and accept the seivices of any number of vohinteeis, not
exceeding m oil four thousand officers and men, who may
offer their ^01 vjces os infantry to scjvp tor^and during the
pending difficulties with the Mormon sin saidTcmtory. and
no longer; and that the sum of dollars he. and the prune
is hereby, appiopriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the puipode of canyingthe pro-
visions of this act into effect.
Sx;c. -I. And be it farther enacted, That the volunteers s,o
offering their beiviccs shall be accepted by the President m
companies, battalions, or leinmeiits; and that each com-
pany shall consist of the same number of oiheers and men
now piescubed bylaw foi the miantiy arm ot the Aimy;
and that the companies, battalions, and regiment^, snail be
each respectively authorized to eject their own officers, and
47
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18,1858.
New Series....No.. 47.
when so eloeted sliall be commissioned by the President of
the United States.
Src. 3. Jhul he it further enacted, That said volunteers,
when mustered into the service, shall be aimed and equipped
ar the evpciif-e 01' the United States, and, until disctiaiged
therel'rnrn, he subject to tile lilies and articles of war, and
shall be organized ill the same manner and shall receive the
same pay and allowances a ; the infantry ann of the Anny
of tile United State*.
Six. 4. And be it further enacted, That the volunteers
who may he received into the seivice of the United Slates
by virtue ol this act, and who shall he wounded or other-
wise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to all Hie ben-
efits which may be confened upon poisons wounded or dis-
abled in the-eiviee of the United States.
Sec. o. Jind he it further enacted, That the haul officers,
musicians, ami private*-, autiioiized by this act, shall im-
mediately be d'sbanded at the tenniriatioii of the pending
difficulties with the Mormons in the Terntoiy of Utah.
I merely present the amendment now fnr the
purpose ot'having it undeistood that I shall offer
it at the proper time, if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts does not accept it in lieu of his proposi-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Tennessee
consulted me in regard to a modification of the
substitute offered by me, to winch J consented.
He has now moved an amendment, which I pre-
fer to the one I offered, and I accept it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That being
the case, 1 understand my amendment to be the
proposition now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will state tho rjuestion
before the Senate. The original bill reported from
the Committee on A'fihtnry Affairs, as modified by
such amendments as the Senate have agreed to,
is before the body. For that entire bill the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts offered a substitute. In-
stead of his own substitute, he now accepts in
place of it another substitute, offered by the Sen-
ator fiom Tennessse, which is his iij;hland priv-
ilege to do. The substitute offered by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is proposed as an amendment
in place of the original bill. These are the ques-
tions now before the Senate; and it is the privilege
of the friends of both to modify either before the
vote for substitution shall be taken. According
to parliamentary order and regularity of proceed-
ing, the original bill should first be perfected, and
then the substitute; and after having been modi-
fied, if it should be modified at all, then the ques-
tion upon the substitution will be in order, and
not before.
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to suggest to tho Chair
that the pending question before the Senate, as 1
understood when we adjourned yesterday, was
an amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Putin] to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before any
amendment has been made to the substitute of-
fered by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
Chair thinks it is competent for that Senator to
accept another substitute in place of his own.
Mr. HIGGS. That disposes of the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe that when the bill
was laid aside, an amendment was pending to
strike out the fourth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has been
withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The applica-
tion to the Congress of the United States for an
increased military force is made 111 the name of
the President of the United Slates; and we are
called upon to sustain it as an Administration
measure. I have offered this amendment for the
purpose of setting myself right; for the purpose
; of showing how far I am willing to go; and to env
s able me, if I can, to act understandingly on what
I is presumed to be the measure of the Adniinistra-
I tion. I do not, however, sustain this simply and
I alone because it is an Administration measure, but
j 1 offer the proposition which 1 have presented be-
cause I believe it is ri^lit m itself, and at the same
time will come up to the views of the Administra-
tion, in regard to the request it has made to Con-
gress to increase tho military force of the country.
I set out with the proposition that 1 am against
an increase of the standing Army. I am against
adding another man to it. Standing armies are
contrary to the genius of this Government; they
are contrary to the temperament of our people;
and, so far as I am concerned, I shall go against
adding another soldier to our regular Army. I
think, when we come to examine the subject, we
shall find that the Committee on Military Affairs,
in the bill reported by its chairman, has not repre-
sented the Administration in its true character
before the country. The bill of the committee,
in the first instance, provides for an increase of
the rank and file of the Army, to the extent of
about four thousand men. In addition to this,
it provides for thirty additional companies, as a
permanent part of the standing Army. I do not
understand the President as asking for a perma-
nent increase of the standing Army. I under-
stand him to have asked us to grant him an im-
posing force, that will enable him to correct the
rebellious condition of affairs in Utah. For the
purpose of setting myself right, and showing- that
my proposition covers the idea of the Adminis-
tration, I propose to read a single paragraph. The
President, in bis annual message, after speaking
for some considerable length upoti the difficulties
in Utah, and the declarations of Brigham Young,
states:
<CA moat pait of all thr* may be idle boasting; but, yet no
wjm' Government mil !i«hUv estimate the effort*} which
may iv inspired by Mich frenzied fanaticism as exists
ninonji tho Moiinoiis* in Ul>th. Tin?- is the lii.^t icbellion
which has ousted hi our Touitone^; and humanity itself
reqiin''-. that we j-houM put it down in such a manner that
it - hall be ihi' ia-t. To trifle with it would be to encourage
11 and to tendor it fon.udablo. Wo ought to go there Willi
tiioh an nupuiinjzibjfe to convince thesedeluded people
thai 10 -i^t tnc e would b; vain, and thu«s -.paie the effusion
of blood. W;' c m in this* mannei bc*t convince them that
wo .no rhesi fitoiuK not their* enemies. In order to accom-
plish tin-; object, it will he ncces.-aiy, according to the esti-
mate of the VVat .Popuitmuiu, to laise four additional regt-
mentri.,}
Here the President tells us expressly that these
troops are wanted to quell a rebellion which it is
said exists among; the Mormons in Utah. Is that
asking Congress to make a permanent increase of
the standing Army ? Does he come before the
country- in such a position? He says that for
' the purpose of settling: the difficulties in Utah we
should fjive him an imposing force to quell rebel-
lion, and thereby save the shedding of blood. Is
this asking us to add six thousand or seven thou-
i sand men to the Army, to be salaried permanently
at 0 srent expense,? the President ask any
such tiling? He does not. Why, then, should we
be driven into an increase of the standing Army in
compliance with the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs? We are not called
upon by the Administration, as I understand it,
to increase the standing Army by the addition of
six or seven thousand men, as proposed by the
committee.
I have said thus much for the purpose of show-
ing flint T am opposing no rcquest^of the Admin-
istration. Nor do I wish to be understood as being
very squeamish and particular in the support of
every measure that may come before the Senate
as an Administration measure. If I support any
: measures that come before this body, I do so be-
i cause 1 believe them to be right in principle and
I right in policy. I shall not support them on the
1 mere dictum or recommendation of an lixecutive,
; without regard to their being right in themselves
I and correct m principle. _
I Then, as I understand the President, he asks
! for no additional force in the shape of an increase
! of the standing Army. He asks you to give him
f an imposing force to send to Utah, and thereby to
! prevent the shedding of blood, and put down the
; insurreclion that is alleged to exist there,
not employ volunteer;! for this emergency ? Will
| not that answer the call of the President > I know
! it has been said that volunteers will cost more
!i than regulars; butliow can that be? I think it is
II evident that it will cost no more to call out vol-
i unteers than to call out regulars. We pay them
the «ame amount, officers and men; and the vol-
unteers are to be dismissed when the difficulties
cease; whereas, regulars ure a continual expense.
