1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■IW
matter labored in your mind, how in tlie name of
Hnven did you suffer your Lecompton bill to be
debated here day after day, week after week, and
1 do notknow but I might say month after month,
withoutsuggesting thegreatdifficulty which must
interrupt the whole proceedings, and lead you to
surrender all you had done, and to set up a scheme
entirely new? Vou did not apprehend any such
thing as you went on with your Lecompton bill.
The Senator from Virginia never suggested then
that there was any trouble about the land grants
that were provided for in that hill. You voted
it through this body. It ran as smooth as oil. No
man said there was any difficulty about that, nor
could it be said; because so far as the ordinance
was concerned, and the land grant was involved,
the bill stood on exactly the same principles as
every other territorial bill, and granted no more,
no less. Why, then, seek to cover up this enor-
mity under so plain a proposition as that? Sir,
the people will understand it, whether gentlemen
here understand it or not. It is in the nature of
a bribe. It is not expected that the unsophisti-
cated people through the whole wilderness of Kan-
sas, will be able, like lawyers, to scan closely,
and understand critically,theimportofthis grant.
I will not say that the fact that it was known they
would not understand it, constituted the reason
why a question so simple as the adoption or the
rejection of the Lecompton constitution is made
to turn on the fact whether the people will accept
a donation of lands; but it looks very much like
it. It would be out of order for me to say it was
so intended; but that will be its effect.
Well, sir, that is the nature of the proposition.
I have said it is humiliating to the high-minded
South, because it is a total surrender of the posi-
tion upon which they planted themselves, and
swore in their councils they would stake their in-
stitutions. You have given it up; you have sur-
rendered Lecompton, in this miserable way to be
sure, into the hands of the people of Kansas to
reject it if they please, and as I trust in God they
will. Therein, sir, you lie in the dust. Southern
chivalry is here in these Halls, bagging men to
vote for a miserable proposition well calculated to
mislead the people. I am sorry for it. I have
respected their highmindedness. I have always
hoped heretofore that they were above consenting
to arrangements that could not stand out m open
day. I do not say that anything sinister is in-
tended in this proposition, but I know it is well
calculated in itself to deceive the people, and there-
fore I pronounce it humiliating to the South. I
say further, it is unjust, if not an open insult to
the North. Why ? I can tell you nothing now
after the proposition has been so ably handled by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky and the
honorable Senator from Vermont, who have pre-
ceded me. They have made it too palpably plain
for me to stand here long in elaborating this point.
Here stands out before the whole world the most
glaring injustice, the most palpable wrong; and
no man dare face me down here, and pay that you
place slavery and liberty upon equal foundations
by this measure. You talk of the equality of the
States. Why, sir, you are trampling the free
States into the dust, and offering bribes to sla-
very. Itwillnotdo. Whether we understand it or
not, God knows the people of the United States,
the honest people, will understand it.
I have said, and I still say, that this proposi-
tion is flagrantly unjust to the North, and, I think,
an open insult. Well might the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky ask, what would the South think of a prop-
osition like this on the other side ? I have too good
an opinion of you to believe that you would bear it
as meekly as we shall. I believe that you would
conduct yourselves, in reference to such a nefa-
rious proposition, in a manner more fraught with
honor to your section than I fear we shall. I
wish to God we had men as fearless to stand up
for the right, as you have to stand up for the
wrong. I honor you for the mannerin which you
stand up to what you say you regaid as your
rights. Well might the Senator from Kentucky
ask, what would you think of such a proposition
if the case were reversed? There is not a south-
em man who will not die in his tracks before he
would surrender to a proposition so insulting to
the South as this manifestly is to the North. I
know you would not, and I give you all honor
for tt, because in that, if in nothing else, God
knows I sympathize with you; you are right in it.
The proposition now offered to the people of
Kansas is this: " you shall have six millionacres
of land, and immediate admission into the Union,
if you will take slavery; but if you prefer a free
State you shall be excluded; you shall be treated
as outside barbarians, unworthy to be members
of this Union for an indefinite length of time to
come/' It is undeniable; it stands out gross, pal-
pable, upon the face of yourrccord, and cannot
be disguised. It required a good deal of assur-
ance, a good deal of effrontery, to bring in a prop-
osition hke this; but you knew the material to
which you were addressing it too well to fear the
consequences. You say by this proposition, if
Congress adopts it, " come in ye people of Kan-
sas; here are millions of acres of land; here is
immediate admission if you prefer slavery; but
if, on the other hand, you prefer liberty, you are
unworthy of admission, you are not numerous
enough to be admitted." One slaveholder for the
purpose of the admission of a Territory as a State,
is worth more than twenty free men. That is the
naked proposition which you have brought here
for the consideration of northern men, and I per-
ceive that you will have northern men who will
go With you even for this. You will have them,
and you knew you would; because you knew you
could not make a proposition, however fatal to
the rights, however fatal to the honor of the North,
without finding here men who would stoop to it.
When I contrast the high chivalric honor of the
South in this particular with the North, I some-
times wish to change places with them. Here is
a proposition offering a premium to slavery, and
immediate admission without inquiry as to num-
bers, if the people of Kansas will come here as a
slave State; but if they decide on the side of free-
dom, they arc to be indefinitely postponed until a
census shall be taken at the will of a craven and
besotted Executive. That is the proposition of-
fered to the high-minded people of that section
from which I come. They will spurn it, though
I perceive that some of their Representatives are
about to lake it.
Now, what are to be the consequences of the
passage of this proposition? I must judge from
what has preceded it. I do not know but that I
may be uncharitable in my supposition; but when
1 look atyour candie-box frauds, at your Cincin-
nati Directory frauds, all adopted by your Ex-
ecutive, and the agents who commit the frauds
applauded and foisted into high offices of power
and respectability, how can J repose confidence m
you? When I see the just arrangement which
had been made by that just man, the lover of
equality and justicc to all parties and to all sec-
tions, the Senator fiom Kentucky, stricken out,
and another man added to the board to supervise
the election—a man who was no more wanted
there than a fifth wheel to a coach, for you had
a full board before—I ask this committee, and 1
wish them to answer me now, why did you place
the distuct attorney of the Territory on that board
of commissioners5 I repeat the question, why
did you do it ? Was it not right before ? A cor-
rupt Executive was allowed to appoint two. Was
it wrong that the people should appoint two more ?
Why give your Executive the appointment of a
majority of the hoard, and full power over the
people, to trample them m the dust? Answer me
that, if you can ! I pause, but I pause in vain,
for a reply. What shall I say, then ? Sir, it savors
too much of the candle-box and of the Cincinnati
Directory. Is it intended, at all hazards, against
the vote of the peopie, and in defiance of their
wishes, to forge a majority, to make a false re-
turn to the President that you have outvoted the
free-State men, and that Lecompton is adopted?
Was that the anchor you had thrown to the wind-
ward, in giving a complete majority to your own
party in that board, and not trusting the people
on equal terms with the Executive?
Sir, I have no fears of the people of Kansas if
you give them any chance, even if you will be
honest m counting their votes; but here the mat-
ter is left to the President of the United States,
who censured his Governor because he had re-
fused to yield to an outrageous, notorious, palpa-
ble, undisputed fraud, and ultimately compelled
him to resign. I say when such things arc done,
what may we not suspect? I can hardly realize
that lam in the Senate of the United States when
propositions calculated to blind the people,prop-
ositions calculated to held out false colore* are pre-
sented itrthis way. In'thisseheme, you have evi-
dently followed,as far .as you .could < the, bill- pre-
sented by the Senator froifi Kentucky"; .but yon
have amended that most just clause of bis upo&
which the honesty of the wholetransactio-n turned
m order that you might still keep in the hand&of
those who have proved themselves to be unwor-
thy of such a trust, the power to decide agaJnst
the people, as they have done heretofore, the .fate
of the new State.
Now, sir, I am not so much of an enemy to the
people of the South as they suppose. I think they
will never gain anything by such a proposition as
this. It is not because'I suppose they will, that
I manifest this zeal against it; but because, like
the Senator from Kentucky, I know that the safe-
ty, the permanency, the tiue glory of our institu-
tions must be built upon the solid foundations of
eternal right and justice; and this trickery, these
frauds, although they may serve the purpose of a
party for a day, are fraught with danger to the
whole community, and will finally result in dis-
astrous consequences, even to those for whose
benefit they seem to be perpetrated.
Mr. President, I have now said all that I in-
tended to say, and much more, because when I
see a proposition that appears to be unfair,and,I
will say, that appears to be dishonest, I cannot
retain exactly that equanimity that perhaps I
ought. It may be all fair and all right, but I
must announce the impressions that I deliberately
have on that subject. I think it is palpably wrong
—wrong to the high-minded people of the South,
who, I am sure, when they understand it, will
trample it beneath their feet as an unclean thing
—unjust, palpably unjust, to the North, whom it
places on a footing of inequality. Sir, if I did
seek the destruction of the institutions of the
South, I could devise no way more facile than
that you have yourselves marked out; for, being
in the minority, whenever you shall have divested
yourselves of that character which we have con-
ceded to you—that you are high-minded, honor-
able men—you will have lost the great stake in
the Government that would ever enable you, as
long as you practiced on these principles, to enjoy
your full share in the councils of this nation, and
even more. As I said, I do not know but that
this proposition may be right; but its appearance
is absolutely and deliberately wrong.
Now, Mr. President, I regret that such a prop-
osition should have been brought in here. Why
would you not let Lecompton die, if you had not
the force to put it through? I would infinitely
prefer, for the honor of the nation, both North and
South, that you had had the force in both branches
to put your Lecompton constitution through here,
rather than have been compelled to resort to this
indirection, m order to accomplish the same re-
sult; because its effect in demoralizing the nation,
perverse and iniquitous as I think it was, would
have been infinitely less than by this monster of
a proposition.
But I have said that it was no part of my pur-
pose to detain the Senate. I have very feebly
expressed the feelings that I entertain in regard to
this proposition. I do not believe you can seduce
the noble-minded people of Kansas, who have
withstood all your persecutions so long, to suc-
cumb to such a scheme as this. You have exer-
cised the whole powers of your Government; you
have invoked your armies and let them loose upon
the defenseless people there; you have inflicted
upon them hardships, and pursued them with a
relentless persecution that 1 have never known
before, ana hardly ever read of in history; and yet
they stand unconquered and unconquerable. It
only remains to determine whether appliances to
their cupidity, arts of deception can work out a fall
for a people who have so nobly withstood all your
force. I know well you cannot force them to it.
Their intelligence is great, and I think they will
be capable of seeing through this nefarious net,
which is calculated to lower them, to degrade
them, to a condition of servitude. I do not be-
lieve you will effect it. I have abetter opinion of
those noble spirits. I think the controversy will
result in your most ignominious defeat before the
people of Kansas. The only danger I apprehend
is from the arrangement of this scheme by which
you put the whole power of controlling the elec-
tion into the hands of a corrupt Executive. The
people dre against you in overwhelming numbers.
The only doubt is, whether the executive officers
