788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
There seems to be a discrepancy between the
President, the Secretary of "War, and the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The Secretary of War
asks for five regiments. The President tells us
in his message that four will be necessary. There
is a difference of one thousand men; and a dif-
ference in expense of $1,000,000, according to
the estimates of the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] and the Senatorfrom Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin.] It seems to me that we ought to act under-
standing^*, we ought to know the exact effect of
all the propositions that are before us. One rea-
son why I have said what I have in reference to
the Administration is, that we were called upon
by the chairman of the Committee on Military :
Affairs to act upon the bill when it was last before 1
the Senate, so as to let the Administration know
what it had to depend upon. The inference is
that all those who are opposed to increasing the
standing Army must be set down as opponents
to the Administration and the recommendations
of the executive.
Mr. BROWN. My friend will allow me to in-
terrupt him at this point. My colleague is absent
from the Senate, and I am sure my friend from
Tennessee misunderstood him on that point. He
certainly did not mean to be understood as say-
ing that those who opposed this measure were to
be set down as opponents to the Administration;
but that the Administration must shape its policy
in reference to Army operations according to the
force which it had; and if Congress meant to deny
additions to the Army we should let them know
it before the spring opened, so that they could
dispose of whatever force they had to the best ad-
vantage possible. That I think was his meaning.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In the first
instance, I have stated what I understood the
chairman to say at th e time; and in the next place,
1 shall show that statement to be substantially cor-
rect by the report of what took place here on last
Thursday; for usually the reports are very accu-
rate, and most speeches, if they have any method
and order m them, are given with the fidelity of
the daguerreotype. But this does not state it as
strongly as the chairman stated it. I heard it with
my own ears as I have stated it. The report is:
" Mr. Davis. Let us pass tho bill or reject it, and let tlio
Administration know it."
Then it would seem that it is principally to be
urged on the ground of an Administration meas-
ure. If we are to act on it as tui Administration
measure, let us see whether we cannot agree to a
proposition that covers the ground the Adminis-
tration really occupies.
It is agreed on all hands that the cost of the
regular Army is about a million dollars to each
thousand men. By one statement made by the
Senatorfrom Georgia—and I am free to say that
I alway&hear him speak on this subject with great
pleasure, and rely much on his statements—it ap-
pears that the cost is about a thousand dollars per
man. That being so, each thousand men will cost
|1,000,000. By another statement, made by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] who seems
to be accurate, and I presume is so, it appears
that, including all expenses, the Army co3ts about
fifteen hundred dollars a man, or a fraction less.
If the force to be raised bo five thousand men at
$l,500per mare* they will cost$7,500,000;and that
is to become a permanent expenditure, because
the men being raised are a part of the permanent
military establishment of the country, and must
continue a charge on the Treasury of the United
States.
I wish to ask Democratic Senators if this is a
time to increase the expenditures of the Govern-
ment? You are responsible for the expenses of
the Government; you have the majority; you
have the control of the Treasury in your hands.
It is idle to go before the country, and talk before
the people about the expenditures of the Admin-
istration. Who holds the purse-strings of this
nation? When we run through the appropria-
tions of this Government, from its origin to the
present time, we find that the appropriations have
generally outgone the expenditures. Who makes
the expenditures? The President may recom-
mend for this and for that, and he may make ex-
travagant recommendations; but the query comes
up, is Congress bound to appropriate ? You, the
appropriating power, hold the purse-strings of
this nation in your hands; and if the expenditures
of this Government go on increasing as they have
been going on for a considerable number of years
back, you are responsible, not the Administra-
tion.
Then I would ask, when we take up this ques-
tion of expenditure, where is it going to carry us
to? Is it not time to pause ? Is it not time to re-
flect? Xsitnottime to consult our log-book, and
get a new reckoning? It seems to me that it is.
At this point I wish to say to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance of this body, that I shall
look to him with great interest in reference to his
moves m retrenching the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. I will follow him as an humble volun-
teer, for I favor the volunteer system; it is more
in accordance with the genius of the Government,
and the patriotic impulses of the American peo-
ple. Let us go into the unnecessary and extraor-
dinary expenditures of this Government, and re-
duce them down to what is reasonable and right.
Is there no place at which we can begin this work ?
Cannot the expenditures be arrested? When we
talk about retrenching upon this bill, it is said,
" this is not the place; let this go; this is not the
bill." This is allowed to pass, and soon we find
another bill before us for the civil or naval depart-
ment, or the West Point Academy, or the mili-
tary establishment; and then we are told, " this
is not the bill cither; we cannot get along without
this." Well, where is the bill? What measure
is it? Some how or other, we cannot find any.
" This is not the place; tilts is not the bill; this
is not the department to which to lay the pruning-
knife. Oh ! no; we must not begin here." That j
is the constant cry.
Then if war happens to exist, and we talk about
retrenching and reducing the expenditures in time
of war, the answer is, " Oh! you cannot do 4 now;
the public mind is occupied aboutsomethmg else;
the public mind is engaged ill carrying on the
war." I ask, when will the time come? When
are the foul, reeking corruptions of the Govern-
ment to bo stopped ? Your newspapers are filled
with the details of them every day, and men'are
confined ill prison for refusing to tell tho truth in
reference to the corruptions of the Government.
What do those corruptions grow out oP The
I unnecessary and liupioper expenditures of the
j! Government. It seems to me the time has come, ;
j and I think it is the duty of the Democratic party !
I to commence the work of retrenchment. We have
preached it in theory a long time. Let us com-
mence to reduce our theory to practice.
I came into the Senate of the United States as a
Democrat; and, if I know myself, I intend to be
one in practice as well as in theory. 1 know it
is against the taste, the refined and the peculiar
notions of some men who getinto high places, to
talk about curtailing or reducing the expenditures
of the Government. That, with them, is all cant;
that is allfor Buncombe; that amounts to nothing' ;
Some may talk about it in that light, and some i
may act upon that principle, if it is a principle, |
but I intend to act in good faith, if I know my- j
self. It may be said, "Oh! he is a pence-ealcu- ;
lating politician; he talks about the pence; he talks j
about the shillings; and consequently he is not to
be regarded as being a statesman expanded in his j
views, liberal in his feelings, that grasps and takes
in the scope of his mind all the nations of the earth, i
and the rest of mankind." [Lamjhter.] 1 wish
to quote what a very distinguished man once said
in reference to public revenue, and I do it with '
no desire to speak disparagingly of American Sen- j
ators, for I put a very high estimate on their char-
acter and position,and especially so since I have
got here. [Laughter.] Mr. Burke was a man of
no mean consideration—1 do not mean Edmund ]
Burke, of New Hampshire, but the*distinguished
British statesman—and what does he say on this ,
subject of revenue? He says t£ the revenue of the
State is the State." That is a book; it is a text
worth preaching from, that the revenue of the State
is the State; and that Government which manages >
its revenue best operates most lightly and best for i
the people:
" The levenue of the State is tile State in effect; all de- ;
pends upon it, whether for supporter reformation. Thioiiirii
til': revenue alone the boiiy-poiuic can aet m Hslrue genius !
andeliaraetci ; and thfnPt'on1 it will display just as much of
its collective viitue as it is possessed of ajust icvonue."
That is what Edmund Burke said. He was one
: of your pence-calculating politicians. He was one
; of those demagogues who talk about the interests I
1 and the rights of the people. He, who was not '
only a statesman but a philosopher, declared that
the revenue of a State is the State, and the virtue
of the Government is indicated in the very same
proportion that it collects a just revenue from the
people.
I Again, on this idea of the revenue of a Govern-
| ment, Lord Bacon, who was not the most virtu-
! ous it is true, but who wrote well, and said a
; great many good things, declared:
| " Above all things, good policy is to be used that the treas-
; ore and moneys m a State be not gathered into few hands;
; for otherwise, a State may have agood stock and yetstaive;
| and money is like muck, no good unless it is spread."
i What does he mean by that? Do not collect
i large sums of money from the people and appro-
i pnate them among the few, revenue, like muck,
| does no good unless it is spread; but how spread ?
; Let the industrious portion of the community,
j the producers, spend their own money; letitbein
| their own pockets; appropriate it 111 such way as
j their interests, their happiness, and their pros-
. perity may suggest: but we have reversed that
proposition. We go on gathering muck from the
barn-yards of the nation; we go on gathering rev-
enue from the industry of the whole people, and
we bring it here and squander it in appropriations,
as I believe, wholly unnecessary to promote the
interests and happiness of tho people. As the cant
is very common about demagogues, I desire to lay
down as a text what was preached by Edmund
Burke, one of the most distinguished of British
statesmen.
Now, let us see where wc are going on this sub-
ject of expenditure. And first as to the Army. I
will divide our history into decades. At the end
of the first decade, in 1800, the expense of the
Army was $2,560,000. In 1810, it cost $2,294,000.
In 1820, it cost §2,630,000. In 1830, the War De-
partment cost |4,767,000. From 1820 to 1830 it
jumped up to double. In 1840, it cost $7,695,000,
nearly double again. It rail up from $7,695,000
in 1840, to $9,687,000 in 1850. You will mark
f that at the end of all these deendes, in the year for
| which the calculation is made, no war existed;
I but these sums embrace all the expenditures of
j the War Department. In 1857 what do we find
i them to be? They reach the pretty little sum of
' $19,159,000 ! This is the way we are traveling.
Whither are we going' What destination shatl
we reach at this rate?
Then, suppose we take tho aggregate expendi-
tures of the Government, and how does the mat-
ter stand ? Wc find that in the year 1800 the en-
tne expenses of the Government were 07,411,000;
in the year 1810, $5,592,000 — there was a de-
crease; ill the year 1820, $10,723,000. In the year
1830, the entire expenses of the Government were
jU3,864,000, So we find that from 1800 to 1830
the expenses never got above $13,000,000. Then
wc find in 1840 the entire expenses of the Gov-
ernment were $26,196,000; in 1850, $44,049,000.
Now, in 1857, before the end of another decade,
the expenses run up from $44,049,000 to $65,-
032,000. In tin1 year 1858 the expenses are es-
timated at $74,963,000. Here is an increase of
ton millions in one year. At this rate where shall
wc go? At this rate of increasing the expendi-
tures ten millions per annum, in another decade
the expenditures of this Government will go up
to the enormous sum of $175,000,000. If we in-
crease them five millions per annum, in ten years
we shall run the expenditures of the Government
up to $125,000,000.
Is it not time to pause ? Is it not time to in-
quire where we are going, and how much we are
spending? We find a corresponding increase to
that which I have traced in the War Department
running into the Navy, running into the civil de-
partment, running through all the expenditures
of the Government. I haveadded together all the
expenditures of your Governmentsince 1790,em-
bracing the Army, the Navy, the civil department,
and all the other objects of appropriation; and I
find the sum total to be $1,313,658,000. This is
the large sum which has been drawn from the
people since this Government was established,
flow much of that has been expended upon the
Army and Navy? In a country where the preju-
dices of the people and the genius of the Govern-
ment are against a standing army, m a country
where the standing army has been put down
to the lowest possible point, how much of this
11,313,658,000 have been consumed for military
purposes ? Here where you say your Army is in
