THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 10,1858.
New Series....No. 179.
postages received by the United States," and in-
sert:
And that the cost thereof be deducted from any amount
which maybedue,orwhich may bccomc due, to E. K. Col-
lins & Company for services actually performed.
Mr. HUNTER. That will do.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that.
. The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the first amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, with the amendment to
it which has just been agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I prefer the House provision
to the Senate amendment, as amended.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask the Senator from
Georgia if I understood the diift of his amend-
ment, which has just been carried ? It puts the
Senate's amendment on the same footing, sub-
stantially, as the original section as it came from
the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. It does, with the exception of
the last clause. I am against that.
Mr. POLK. That is the Southampton clause.
Mr. SEWARD. The question is now upon
adopting the amendment recommended by the
Committee on Finance, as amended by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia. If we accept the
amendment as thus amended, then Mr. Collins
will not have the privilege of stopping at South-
ampton, if the Postmaster General shall not think
it consistent with the public interest; and inso-
much as the Senate has voted, by 19 to 27, that
this provision ought to be granted, those who
were of that opinion I hope will not vote against
this amendment, which leaves the provision they
desire to secure. It does not otherwise differ from
the House bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following re&ult:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Brodciiok, Cameron,
Chandler,Dixon, Doohttle, Fe.^souden, Foot, Fo&tei. Gwin,
Hale, Hamlin, fveit-on, Johnson of Tennessee. Kennedy,
King, Peatce, Sebastian,Seward, Simmons, Stu.nr.Thom-
son of New Jersey, Wilson, Wnght, and Yulee—i>3
NAYS—Messrs Rayaid, Biyler, Brown. Chngman, Col-
lamer, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Hammond. Hatlan. Houston.
Hunter, Johnson of Aikansas, M.tlioiy, MiWin, Polk. Pugli,
Reul, Slide!!, Toomh«, Trmnbell, atid Wade—23.
So the amendment was concuned in.
The words inserted are:
For transportation of the mail-4 from Xcw York to Liv-
eipnol, and hack, in pui^uance of the cojitiact with E. K.
Collins and otitis j$3JG,50Q. And it is hereby provided,
That, lor such da\ss as the said Collin4, and oth«'i  shall fail
to perfoim naid seivice. the Poslmastei Gcnoiol 1^ author-
ized to contract with the owner or owneio of anv other
steam vessel or vessels to perform said service, by ti disport-
ing the mail?, fioin suc.i poit in the United States, to buch
port in Great Britain as he may select, and that the cost
thereof be deducted from any amount which mav be due, or
may become due, to E. K. Collins & Company lot services,
actually perfouned. And the Postmaster (rPnetal may,
with the consent of the contiactors, change the European
teirmnation of said route, undei the contract aloresaid, from
Liveipool to Southampton.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was, to stuke out:
"ForcontinsfoncK-s in the mad service between New York
and Europe,
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was only the amend-
ments of the Committee on Financc on which
separate votes were required. The others were
agieed to without much objection.
Mr. STUART. "None of them have been agreed
to in the Senate yet
Mr. FESSENDEN, I ask that the question
be taken generally.
The VICE PRESIDENT, We have finished
the amendments reported by the Committee on
Finance, Shall thy others be voted on together?
["All together!"] The Chair will put the vote
un the remaining amendments together.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. KING. I now renew the amendment j
which I offered in committee, making the term ,
five years instead of four, as the limitation of the -
contract: i
And he it further enacted, That it s-hall not be lawful for I
the Postmaster General to make any steamship or other ;
contract for carrying the mails on the sea for a longer pe-
riod than five years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YtTLEE. I ask for a division on that vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote was em-
phatic, and the Chair announced it.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not think the question
was understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can
only state that the question was distinctly put,
and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to reconsider the vote,
though I shall vote the same way as before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to Senators that the amendment was distinctly
read and the Chair took the question slowly. It
is not the fault of the officers of the Senate if the '
question is not understood. >
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to. j
The amendments were ordered to ho engrossed, i
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read j
the third time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I nsk for the yeas and nays !
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I paired off, an hour since, with
the Senator from New Hampshire, Mr. Clark,
who was unwell, and desired to go home.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, I
resulted—yeas 23, nays 21; as follows: j
YEAS—IVIesMts. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bia'vr, ftuglit, Biod-
erick, Diton, Dousjhis, Fe^ondeu, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Gwin, Hale. 1 veir-on, Kennedy, Peaiee, Seb.iMKin, taew.ud,
Simmon*. Stuait, Thomson ol New YVnght. and
Vulee-23
NAYS—jVTe««r*. Cameron, Chngman, Gieen, Hamlin,
Hammond, llat Ian, Houston, IlunU-i. Johnson of A i Kansas,
Johnson ot Tenm>-see. Knt^r, Mallor^, Ma.-on, Polk, Pu«jh,
Re id, Slide)!, Tooml , Tiumbull, Wade, and \Yil>o:i—x)l.
So the bill was passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from the
House of Repi escntatives weic read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 319) f'r the lehef of Benjamin
Sayre—to the Committee on Claims; and
A joint resolution (N'o. 9) authorizing the Post-
master General to revise and adjust the accounts
of Harris & Morgan on pinmpies of justice and
equity—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
WILLIAM S. BRADFORD.
The bill (H. R. No. 610) for the relief of Wil-
liam S. Hradford, wt<s read twice bv its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask that'that bill may
be put on its passage immediately; and if die
Senate will indulge me for a quarter of a minute
—it will not take more, I can state the ease. The
bill was prcpated by General Quitman, of Mis-
sissippi, for the relief of William S. Biadford.
I have known him for twenty-five years. He en-
listed in the Army about twenty-five yeais ogo.
Ho was in the Army for over twenty year.-;. At
one of the battles m Mexico, he K'coivcda bullet
wound through the left lung, and was promoted
to a lieutenantcy for his gallantry. He was a
sergeant, and was promoted to a lieutenantcy.
He afterwards resigned ins commission on ac-
count of ill health. Subsequently recovering, he
enlisted again in the ranks; and while a private,
was stricken down, and is now sick with con-
sumption, and will not live a year.
Mr. HUNTER. We can pa^s it in the morn- j;
ing hour to-monow. il
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure j;
of the Senate that the bill shall be read tor inform- j
ation ?
Several Senators. Let it be read.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hone not. I object to it
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that it be referred i
to the Committee on Pensions. J
It was so referred. f
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. |
A message from (he House of Representatives,
by Mr. Alli;n, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the fourth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
199) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859; it
agrees to the fourteenth amendment of the Senate
with an amendment, in which it requests the con-
currence of the Senate; and it disagrees to the first,
second, third, fifth, and tenth amendments of the
Senate to the said bill.
TIMOTHY L. G'KEEFFEE.
Mr. POLK. I wish to occupy the attention of
the Senate for a moment with a privileged ques-
tion. I move a reconsideration of the vote of the
Senate indefinitely postponing the House bill for
the relief of Timothy L. O'KeefTee. I will state
to the Senate that I make the application under
these circumstances. The bill was indefinitely
postponed on Friday, but was reported to the
House of Representatives, from which it came, as
having been passed by the Senate by some mis-
take.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The Chair will say to the Senator
that the whole difficulty is corrected by a resolu-
tion which was passed this morning.
Mr. POLK. What I wish 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the bill has gone to the House of
Representatives with a correct report.
Mr. POLK. Now I desire to move a recon-
sideration, under the circumstances, because the
bill did not come back until after the error was
corrected in the House, the bill having originated
there, and passed there. I wish to submit a mo-
tion for reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand that the Senator desires to reconsider
the lull as it finally passed the Senate to-day on
the correct report ?
Mr. POLK. I do not so understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole dif-
ficulty that existed was coirected this morning by
resolutions between the two Houses, the enrolled
bill being brought back and canceled, and a cor-
rect report of the Senate's action being made to
the House of Representatives.
Mr. GREEN. Whatis the correct report that
was made >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That the bill
was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POLK. If the report is that it was indefi-
nitely postponed to-day, whence that action takes
date, then I have nothing to do but to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider that action.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think I understand the Sen-
ator, and he has no right to reconsider it under
the rules of the Senate at all. A mistake of the
Clerk in reporting our action does not affect our
rules. The Senator stated that this bill was in-
definitely postponed, in fact, last Friday. Then
more than the time allowed for reconsideration
has passed. I do not see how the Clerk's having
sent a wrong report can affect the rules of the
Semite.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
desires to have his motion entered, the question
of the right to make it may be reserved and de-
cided at a subsequent time. I think there will he
no objection to that.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a question now
whether there is a right to enter the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If objected to,
the Chair thinks it is too late to make it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to take up the Indian
deficiency bill, which was laid aside by common
consent this morning, to enable the Senator from
Arkansas to prepare an amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
555j to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1858,
179
