1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
- miniature, where your Navy has not got out of its
swaddling clothes, how much has been expended
on these two departments? Eight hundred and
sixty-seven million five hundred and seventy-three
thousand dollars have been expended on these two
arms of the public service; and that, too, while
your standing Army has been kept down to the
- lowest point, as we are told. Two thirds of the
entire revenue collected from the people of the
United States has been expended upon this Army
and Navy in miniature. Let them grow until they
become men; let them get matured; let them get
full strength, and how much of the people's sub-
stance will it take to sustain this Army and Navy ?
As I remarked, it has already taken the sum of j
$367,573,000, leaving $446,085,000 to be apphed
to all the other purposes of the Government. '
This should, I think, teach us a very important ;
lesson. What lesson? Here where they have I
been kept in miniature, where they have been kept j
down, where their influence has been felt less than I
in other Governments, the Army and Navy have 1
consumed two thirds of the revenue drawn from
the people. Go to theGovernments thatha"ve risen
and fallen before us, and what has been thec&usc
of their downfall and decline: It has resulted
from the influence of armies and navies. Standing
armies and navies sustained by money drawn
from the people, are the two arteries that have
bled the nations before us to death. They are the
two arteries that are now bleeding our people
more freely than any others in the body-politic.
Shall we not profit by experience ? Shall we not
stop and consider?
I know it is very easy for Senators, and those
who are not Senators, to speak disparagingly of
those who count the dollars ond cents when an
appropriation is proposed for this or for that pur-
pose; but we see when* our appropriations have
brought us. They have brought us just where
we are—m the midst of extravagance, m the midst
of profligacy, in the midst of corruption, m the
midst of improper applications of tiie people's
money. Is there no way to arrest it? I teli the
Democratic party, especially when they find the
Opposition willing to unite with them on this ques-
tion, now is the time to curtail the expenditures
of this Government. If it is not done now, when
you get up a sufficient stir here, and go on con-
stantly increasing the governmental expenses, the
people will hear the noise. They will hear the
struggle, and now and then a few of them will
come up and look in and ascertain, if they can,
what is going on; and when they do ascertain
that there is a considerable struggle going on to
reduce the enormous expenditures of this Gov-
ernment, (o enable the people to retain the product
of their honest labor in their own pockets, to be
expended in their own way, they will come to the
rescue of the party that is for arresting the ex-
travagant expenditures of this Government. I
now admonish those who have charge of the Gov-
ernment to commence the work in time; to com-
mence it now.
But, sir, I come back to the more immediate
question before the Senate, and that is as to call-
ing out an additional military force. We are told
by the friends of the committee's bill that we do
not want volunteers. General Washington, in
1794, ordered out fifteen thousand of the militia to
suppress the insurrection of what were called the
whisky boys in Pennsylvania,and General Wash- ;
ington at that time acted upon what he understood j
to be the theory of the Government, as^contained '
in the Constitution. i
In the enumerated powers of the Constitution, I
we find the grant to Congress of power— j
4' To declare war, grant letteis ol matque and ropii^al, '
and make tulc^ eoneeimnijcaptuie.* on land and water." [
" To raivo and support anmes ; but no appropriation of j
money to that use shall he for a longer tesm than two year-:.'' J
What is meant there? Does the Constitution .
contemplate a large standing army ? Congress has j
power to declare war; and the body on which tins !
power is conferred is authorized to raise and main- ;
lain an army. This is given as an incident as I
necessary to the express grant to carry out the
war-making power. Does that imply that you '
can keep fixed on the people n large and expen- !
sijre standing army? Proceeding with the Con- |
stitution, we find that Congress has power— !
"To provide for calling forth the mi!ma to execute the j
laws of the Union, suppie^s insturections and repel inva- i
Hons,. Topiovule for oisanizm^, annmn. and disciplining j
the militia, and for governing sucn part or them a^ may be I
employed in the service of the United States, reserving to
the States respectively the appointment of the officers, and
the authomy of training the militia according to the disci-
pline piescribed by Congress." *
Do we not see that the militia was considered
the proper force to sustain the strong arm of the
Government? It never was contemplated to have
a standing army. But it is said we. do dot want
| this description of force. When we look into the
; Constitution further, we find that the States are
| prohibited from keeping a standing army. Our
j Federal and State Constitutions were made by our
j fathers, who were familiar with the oppressions of
i the Old World, who had witnessed the encroach-
( ments and dangers of standing armies in those old
j Governments. Hence we find in all our bills of
rights—perhaps not in all of them, but certainly
: m most of them—that standing armies are danger-
ous, and shall not be allowed; and the Constitu-
tion of the United States provides for calling forth
I the militia to suppress rebellion or insurrection
i against the Government. What does this con-
; template? It contemplates most clearly that the
J power of this Government is to be vested in the
; citizen soldiery, that they are to be called forth
; when the Government needs them, and to answer
the purpose for which the Government calls them
into service. I am for that description of force;
, I am for confiding in and relying upon the volun-
' teers of the country. They are the citizen sol-
: diery m the proper acceptation of the term. Iam
for that description of soldiers that go when war
1 comes. I am for that description of soldiers that
1 come when war goes, who are not willing to enter
the Army for a livelihood, and depend upon the
Army for their support. General Washington
gives us, in his message of 1794, an illustrious ex-
ample in what he said on this subject. He says
of the fifteen thousand men who were called out
; to suppress and put down the whisky boys in
Pennsylvania:
It !m< been a spectacle displaying to the highest advant-
, ase the value of lepublican Govern ment to behold the most
and the lea->t wealthy ot our citizens standing m the ?ame
■ uiukrf as pnvate soldiers, preeminently distinguished by
■ being the army of the Constitution."
i That was whatWasbington thought. He would
be considered a demagogue, a pence calculator, a
, narrow-minded politician if he were to live and
; speak that language now; but he thought the true
; anny of a republican Government should be com-
1 posed of the most respectable and the least respect-
able, of the most wealthy and the least wealthy,
fighting together when an occasion required them
to tender their services. This was the army that
Washington presented as an admirable spectacle
of a republican Government; but when we come
to modern times and to more distinguished men,
we find a different doctrine preached. The hon-
orable chairman of the Military Committee—I am
sorry he is not in his seat—in speaking of the
citizen soldiery, or of volunteers, makes use of
the following language:
" Nothing would be more unjust than to call people fiom
their peaceful avocations, and keep them for a long peuod
at frontier por-N to guaid frontier settlement. It would
take lowei material, too, than compo^c the volimteeis who
turn out in umo of war. Amon;; my objections to the em-
ploymentofvolunteer for such service, the very elevated
character or the young men who are otien induced thu* to
enter the service ; men who arc worthy of bettor employ-
ment ; whose habits are injured, who>e tram ot thought oi
pursuit of some profession is broken in noon by this tempo-
iaiy seivice wheie a cheaper man would do as well."
General Washington presented it as a noble
spectacle that the force which he had oidered out,
in obedience to the wants of the Government, was
composed of the most and the least wealthy and
respectable. That was the idea that General
Washington had, and he presents it as an illustri-
ous example in arepubhean form of Government.
But hear the chairman of the committee:
If T may be permitted, Without an appeaiance of ego-
ti«m,to rerei to my own obseivation, 1 would ^ty that when
J have ttaveled among the people fiom whom the voluuteeis
were drawn who went to Mexico,! have had tin-; fact mote
deeply impiessed upon me by the sad countenance of some
lather, the tears of some mother, over the fate of a prom-
ising young man. who fell in peiformsnc the duties of a pn- ,
vate soidiei. The material is too lngh, except when the j
honor ot the countrj demands it."1
This carries us back to the condition and mate- I
rial of which armies are composed in European ,
countries. What is the materia] of which they are
composed' There is a broken-down and brain-
less-headed aristocracy,members of decaying fam-
ilies that have no energy by which they can elevate
themselves, relying on ancestral honors and their
connection with the Government. On the other
hand there is a rabble, in the proper acceptation
of the term—a miserable lazzarom, lingering, and
hanging, and wallowing about their cities, that
have no employment; and they are ready and anx-
ious to enter the iservice of the Government at any
time for a few sixpences to buy their grog and a
little clothing to hide their state of nudity. Such
is the material of which their armies are com-
posed—the rabble on the one hand, and the broken-
down, decaying aristocracy on the other. Where
does the middle man stand? Where does the in-
dustrious bee that makes the honey stand, from
whose labor all is drawn ? Where is he? He is
placed between theupperand the nether millstone,
and is ground to death by the office-hunter on the
one hand, and the miserable rabble in the shape
of soldieiy on the other. I want no rabble here
on the one hand, and I want no aristocracy on the
other. Let us elevate the massed and make no
places in our Government for the rabble, either in
your Army or the Navy; but let us pursue those
great principles of government and philanthropy
that elevate the masses on the one hand, and dis-
pense with useless offices on the other. Do this,
and you preserve the great masses of the people,
on whom all rests; without whom your Govern-
ment would not have an entity.
Cheaper men and lower priced men ! Are these
the men that a great Republic like this is to depend
upon when danger is upon us? Think of it, Mr.
President! An army composed of a rabble like
this! ^You have heard much from the honorable
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] as to mili-
tary despotism; but tlnnk of the result that will
ensue if you increase your standing Army a re-
giment now and a regiment then, until it runs up
to fifty or a hundred thousand men, with all power
concentrated here, composed of these "cheap"
men—of this miserable rabble. Suppose then a
difficulty should arise between one of the States
and the "Federal head here; these cheap men would
feel it to be their duty and their highest pride to
obey the commands and dictates of some daring
military adventurer; and we might not have to
wait for dextrous moves or for coups d'etat by a
Louis Napoleon. No; you would have some man
to make the move here. What high pride, w^at
higli patriotism, what high sentiment in reference
to Government can these " cheap" men entertain?
They will feel it to be their duty to obey orders
when commanded to charge on one of the sover-
eign States of this Union.
Already the military spirit and patriotism ofthe
! States are diminishing; the militia system is giving
' way; all eyes are turned to the Federal Govern-
ment, this great central head that is collecting its
millions annually from the people. Your State
officers, and your States themselves, are sinking
into insignificance. Here is the gieat center; here
is the great attractive power. Abandon your mil-
! itary systems in your States, do away with the mil-
itary ardor that exists among the several States
of this Confederacy, and where are you ? States
that are now sovereign and independent, will re-
j volve around this great central orb as so many
dependants or satellites, receiving from the great
1 center their light, their heat, and their motion. Let
him advocate a standing army who will—to give
another direction to the language of the Senator
from Georgia, at the conclusion of lus speech,
] when he said, " I tell Senators to beware," I vary
the language, and tell the States to beware, for
, their sovereignty is at an end, if you persist in
your career.
i If we do not commence the wofk and arrest the
1 expenditures and corruptions of this Government,
h the time will come when this Government will be
1 overthrown; the time will come when the sound
i from the hoof of the cavalry horse will announce
j; to the sovereign States the approach of a usurper;
: the legions of the Government, in advancing col-
'! iimn, announce a despotism; when the goddess
j which presides in the temple of liberty will de-
scend, and the last expiring hope of free Govern-
j mentgo staggering from our land through carnage
. and through blood.
; A standing army is an incubus, a canker—a
fungus on the body-politic. Rely on the citizen
soldier—the man that loves his country. When
' you call for volunteers, the lowest man in the
company does not start out with the feelings or
| subdued spirit of a common soldier; but each man
that goes, goes as a hero—and with the expecta-
