740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
tion of distinguishing himself, even as a private,
before he returns to his home.
But it would sewn from reading the speech of
the honorable Senator—and you can see that old
European idea of standing armies, commanders,
and subjects, sticking out—that when he returned
to Mississippi, and met the mothers and the
brothers and the sisters and the fathers of those
gallant men who had gone to Mexico, many of
■whom- now sleep in a foreign grave, with not even
a rude stone to mark their burial place, and many
of them, perhaps, without a winding sheet save
the blanket they slept upon in the tented field,
and it saturated with their blood—they had tears,
they had sympathies, they had some one they
cared for. Those men who entered the service,
and went into a foreign land as volunteers, had
somebody to care for too. They had their country
that they loved, and were willing to defend, and
in whose cause they were willing to perish. Not-
withstanding the tears that trickled down the
mother's cheek, her heart would expand with
patriotism when she reflected that her son had
fallen in a glorious cause, defending his country's
rights. He could not have died a more glorious
death.
But to return to the idea suggested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs; that
we want some cheap man, I suppose, that has
ho mother, no father, no sister, nobody to care
for him or to shed a tear over him. Oh no; that
is not the man we want. We do not want the
Army filled tip with a rabble that have no coun-
try, no friends, nobody to care for, but are ready
and willing to obey the order of their commander
whatever it may be! I do not want such cheap
men. I am opposed to-such an army. I do not
want to provide a place in the Government foi 
them. I want men who have homes, who have
mothers, who have fathers and friends and rela-
tions to care for them. I want them to feel that
they have something to defend, and that they
have a country which ia worth defending.
In the course of the discussion on this hill,
there were occasionally some strange develop-
ments. The eloquent chairman, who sustained
the bill with so much ability all the way through,
whenever lie came to notice a man who had
distinguished himself, seemingly had prepared a
standing eulogy to pronounce on his character.
As to everything that peuamrd to the standing
Army proper, he seemed to be an fait. He was
ready at every point to present them and to ident-
ify them with the Army, and especially with West
Point. lie commenced with Washington, and
pronounced a eulogy upon him, the ^reat and
good, " first in war, first in peace,and first 111 the
hearts of his countrymen.55 My heart responds
to all that. lie spoke of Jackson, from my own
State; and if there is any man that ever lived that
I venerate, it is the illustrious Andrew Jackson.
He spoke ofColonel Johnston, who has command
of your forces now away in the region of Utah,
and he pronounced a eulogy upon him; of Gen-
eral Taylor, distinguished and brave, (and f have
notaughtto say agamsthim,) and he pronounced
along eulogy upon him, his courage, his valor,
his chivalry, and last, though not least, of my
distinguished friend from Texas, [Mr. Houston*,J
on whom he pronounccd a eulogy, and I say
amen to all of it.
I will not undertake to add anything to what he
said on that occasion; but in this brilliant galaxy
of military chieftains, men who have been in the
thickest and hottest of battle; men over whose ef-
forts your gallant ba nner has triumphantly waved,
upon whose standard thoeagleof liberty has again
and again perched, did it not occur to you that
there was another man who was somewhat dis-
tinguished? I understand that that man too
concurs with the Secretary of War m asking for
regiments; not to fill up the rank and file with cheap
men, but to have regiments, not companies. Who
is that man ? It occuned to me as being some-
what strange that nothing was said of him. I am
no admirer of the individual to whom! allude, ina
political point of view; but his military reputation
is a part of the history of this country, and his
military renown is only bounded by the limits of
the civilized world. Whoishe? When you come
to look to him exclusively in a military point of
view, he stands up in this great cluster of military
chiefs like some projecting clnTfrom a lofty mount-
ain. Did we never hear of Winfield Scott? Has
he no place in the military annals of our country ?
Has he fought nobattles? Hasheshed no blood?
Has he not shown himself to be illustrious as#
soldier, as well as a tactician ? Why was he omit-
ted? Why was he excluded from the category
of great men ? Why was there an omission to
pronounce a eulogy upon him ? I know there is
nothing I could say that would add one gem to the
brilliant chaplet that encircles his illustrious brow,
and therefore I will not undertake to say anything
in reference to that distinguished man. As a mil-
itary chieftain, he belongs to the nation ;his success
in the battle-field, to the history of the world.
I do not understand the proposition before the
Senate,as presented by the Military Committee,
to be an Administration measure. When I turn
to the report of the Secretary of War, in what
terms does he recommend an increase of the Army ?
The principal idea in his mind seems to be that
bccause his predecessor had recommended an in-
crease of the standing Army, he too should rec-
ommend it. Who was his predecessor? The
illustrious chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. I say it not in disparagement of him;
but I refer to it as a fact that we all have pride of
character, and anything which emanates from us
is, in our opinion, better than that which emanates
from anybody else. It was recommended by him
as Secretary of War. He c'omes into the Senate
as chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
tocxccute and carryouthis own recommendation;
and then we are told that it is an Administration
measure. We see how this matter stands. It is
so of human character. Notwithstanding it ema-
nates from thatdistinguished committee, (forall of
whom I have the most profound respect, for their
talents and their integrity,) 1 must say that com-
mittee, distinguished as it is;"is not infallible, and
may originate measures that are.not perfect. We
are all attached to our offspring. When we claim
paternity, though the infant be imperfect, crip-
pled, deformed, not capable of taking care of it-
self, such are the affect idhs of the parental heart
that it clings with more tenacity to its crippled
and dependent and imperfect offspring than it does
to those who can go alone and take care of them-
selves. It may be so in this instance.
in reference to the volunteer service, the amend-
ment I have offered proposes to raise four regi-
ments of volunleeis in the very language of the
President himself, and for the purposes for which
he states m his message that he wants them. The
officers and men are to be paid precisely the same
amount that you propose to pay to these " cheap"
men who have no home, or country, or friends, to
caie for them. I state here now, m my placc, that
it is estimated the cost will be about a million dol-
lars per regiment. 1 state here, in my place, that
it you will enter into a contract with me, i will
guaranty that Tennessee, the volunteer Slate, will
take your $4,000,1)00 and acquit you of every claim
hereafter, and will settle all your difficulties in
Utah m'less than six months. I was going to add,
yes, we will do it for half the money. Tennessee
has her companies and her regiments ready; and
ail the Government has to do is to say, " we will
receive you into service and commission your offi-
cers," and the work is done. Volunteers are the
very men to send there. Send them; and when
Brigham Young has come to terms, when he has
reached a state of subordination, when he has
complied with the law, our volunteers will not
only stop there, but if you will grant the boys
homesteads, they will break up that rookery of
polygamy, and Brigham will move to some other
place. As a matter of economy, as a matter of
expedition, as the most effectual means of restor-
ing peace to the country, accept the proposition,
and we will perform the work.
But there has been a great deal said on this sub-
ject; and especially the remarks of the Senator
l. fiom New York, [Mr. Seward,] struck me with
; j some force. In speaking of Brigham Young, and
i1 the institutions established under his govern ment,
if I remember right—I have not the speech before
|! me, and it is not in any unkind spirit I refer to
i] him; it is not my intention to make a wrong quo-
tation—he said that thoy were a kind of Judaism;
| that they were deluded and fanatical; and the
| whole tenor of his speech was, that the power of
' the Government should be brought down upon
, them, and the anathemas of all Christian people
| should be huiled against them. The gentleman
I informed us that the Mormons had their origin in
New York; that they went from there to Mis-
souri, from Missouri to Illinois, and from there
they took up their line of march, and located
themselves at the Salt Lake, where they are now.
When we allude to Salt Lake and Brigham
Young, there are many associations that come up
with them, all of which were thrown out in the
honorable Senator's speech. He is pronounced
to be a deluded man, and his followers fanatics;
it is said they are all laboring under a delusion.
Suppose this be so: in what does this delusion
consist? In the establishment of polygamy. Let
us talk of things as they are.
In reference to the religion or delusion of these
people,we should be a little careful in the advances
we make upon them. We have a very striking
illustration, admonishing us upon this subject.
Charles V., the Emperor of Germany, wjien tired
of the cares of State, resigned the possession of
his dominions to his son, and retired to a mon-
astery. While there, to amuse the evening of
his life.lie undertook to regulate the movement
of watches; but after repeated efforts he found that
it was impossible to make any two of them keep
precisely the same time. He was thus led to re-
flect upon the crime or folly and wickedness he
had committed in attempting to make men think
alike. It is as natural for men to differ in their
religious and political notions as it is in the com-
plexion of their hair aitd their skins.
Does polygamy exist nowhere else ? We are
wonderfully alarmed at a little polygamy at Salt
Lake; yet no longer ago than yesterday a resolu-
tion was reported by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations which may
result m the expenditure of thirty or forty thou-
sand dollars to receive—whom? To receive the
representative of the Grand Turk of Constanti-
nople. [Laughter.] The first song I ever heard
m my life used to run:
"The tuibaii'd Tmk who scorns the world."
We all know the lines that follow. It is said
that he has his harem of six hundred wives; and
yet we are almost agonizing ourselves to appro-
priate the money of the people of this country,who
are so much opposed to polygamy, to receive the
representative of polygamy of the grand harem
itself. Have we forgotten when Amin Bey went
through the country representing the Grand Turk
and his harem, that he was escorted by the Sec-
retary of State through the House of Represent-
atives ? An appropriation of money was made to
defray his expenses. What all those expenses
were, I shall not undertake to say.
Go to China; does not polygamy exist there ?
How long have we been trying to open commer-
cial relations and intercourse with the Emperor of
China? We have appointed a Minister and we pay
him a large salary to repiesent us at the court of
that country, which tolerates polygamy. I think
it ought to be a little excusable in Brigham Young,
who is said to be a deluded fanatic, living and
moving and acting under his delusion, and his
poor, blind followers, too. If thoy are laboring
under a delusion, let us act as Christians. I fear
that all those suggestions have been thrown out
to excite the prejudice, not to say the anger, of
the American people, against these misguided,
and, I was going to say, abominable people.
Why, Mr. President, have we forgotten the ac-
counts we read about the Crusades ? That was a
delusion got up by the simple power of speech.
Three million people were moved by a delusion.
Richard 1., the lion-hearted Richard, who was al-
luded to here the other day—.the great conqueror
of the East, engaged the embattled hosts that were
led by Saladin, in carrying out a delusion. It is
very easy to say that one man is a maniac, that
another is deluded, that this or that man is not in
his right mind. Of that are we to be the judges ?
They may say that we aie deluded, thai we are
misguided, that we arc misdirected; and who shall
judge between us? Sir, in the midst of all this
delusion, while wo pursue the career upon which
we intend to enter against the Mormons, we should
act as Christians; and with the light of Christian-
ity, with the Bible before us, we should endeavor
to correct and reform that deluded and misguided
people.
But suppose we come a little nearer home. Does
polygamy exist nowhere else ? I intend to speak
of things as they are; and I will venture to say
that there is more practical polygamy in the city
of New York than there is in all Salt Lake, with.
