2852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
addressed to the Hon. JohnKei.lt, and laid before
them, under date of January 15,1858, in which
he says: " The fines and deductions imposed for
the omitted service on this route from the 1st July,
1856, to 31st March, 1857, and during my admin-
istration of the Department, have not exceeded the
pre rata pay of the contract."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object to that
bill.
Mr. KELLY moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce the motion.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.)
Mr. KELLY demanded the previous question
on the engrossment of the joint resolution.
Mr. REAGAN. Before the previous question
is seconded, it seems to me that there are facts
connected with that matter which ought to be
understood by this House. ;
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from j
New York withdraw the call for the previous !
question ? i
Mr. KELLY. I do not see the necessity of ;
withdrawing the demand. i
Mr. REAGAN. These gentlemen have had a j
contract at a large rate of pay; they have had the !
monopoly upon that route; and have made the
Stale of Texas great sufferers for their own con- ,
vemence and profit.
Mr. KELLY. I insist upon the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. REAGAN. I think we should not adopt
that joint resolution without some consideration
and reflection.
Mr. KELLY. I object to debate.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. BRYAN. My colleague does not under-
stand this resolution. It simply gives authority
to the Postmaster General to revise and adjust
their accounts upon terms of equity and justice.
Mr. CLAR[\,'ofMissouri. 1 object to this res-
olution, because action upon such cases ought to
be uniform, m reference to all contractors.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof,'the resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being ^
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time. ;
Mr. KELLY moved the previous question upon j
the passage of the resolution. j
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 ask the gentleman from
New Yoik to allow me to say a word in refer-
ence to this resolution. There is no wrong in it.
These contractors failed to perform their contract, ;
and the Post Office Department, instead of fining
them in proportion to their failure, fined them
B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris,,
Hatch, Hawking, Hill, Hoard, Hortoo, Hughes, T-Iuyler,
Jackson, Kellogg, Kelly, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landy,
Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Maeiay, MeKibbm, Samuel S.
Marshall, Mason, Maynaid,MiIlson, Morgan,Morrill, Free-
man H. Morse, Mott, Muriay, Nihlaek, Niehols, Pendleton,
Peyton, William W. Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Ready, Ricaud,
Robbins, Roberts, Iloyce, Russell, Sandidge, Seal mg, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter, Singleton, Spinner, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins,
Trippe, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu U.
Washburne, White, Whitelev, Wihslow, Wood, W oodson,
Wortendyke, and Augustus R Wright—123
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkins, Bishop, Bocock, Buffin-
ton, Burlingame, John B. Clark, Clemens, CJobb, Claik B.
Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Davis of
Indiana, Dawes, Edmundson, Gartrell, Goode, Gregg, Hop-
kins, Houston, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J.Glaney Jones,
Owen Jones, Keitt, Letcher, Mcttueen, Matteson, Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Pettit, Quitman,
Reagan, Ititchie, Ituffin, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw,
Judson W. Sherman, William Smith, Stanton, and Thomp-
son—^. ,
So the resolution was passed.
Pending the call of the roll, the following dis-
cussion took place:
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to know, before I
change my vote and vote in the affirmative for the
purpose of moving to reconsider, whether a mo-
tion to reconsider is debatable?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from New York, under the prac-
tice of the House, would not be entitled to the
floor?
Mr. REAGAN. I hope that this practice of
choking oft'gentlemen will be put a stop to. "VVe
ought to have some light upon this subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will be entitled to the floor by courtesy and
usage, if he seeks it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to everything out
of order.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 suppose debate is out of
order, and I would not ask the Speaker to take
any unusual course in the matter. I will there-
fore let my name stand in the negative.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair thought it proper
to give the gentleman that intimation, in order
that his vote might not appear improperly upon
the record. The gentleman from New York will
be entitled to the floor by courtesy.
Mr. GIUITMAN. I would like to know the
extent of the Chair's decision. Does the Chair
decide'that the gentleman who introduced a bill
Hs entitled to the floor to move to reconsider,
i though some other gentlemen may take the floor
before him ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not carry
the decision to the extent the gentleman has sup-
posed. If the gentleman rises first and obtains
the (loor, he is clearly entitled to it under the rules
of the House. Where two or more gentlemen rise
about the same time, the usage is to give the floor
III (i III 1/1 U I O POl U'_> 11 lu lilGll lunuiv} ix , - , , .
three times that amount. The resolution provides j, to the gentleman who has the custody of the par-
that the Postmaster General shall revise and ad- : ticular matter. If he does not rise to seek the
just their accounts upon principles of equity. '
Mr. GROW. Is this debate m order? j
The SPEAKER. It is not, unless the gentle- j
man from New York withdraws the demand for !
the previous? question.
Mr. KELLY. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. ENGLISH. The resolution is all right.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say a word.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 ask the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the resolution.
The pluvious question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I would like the House to
allow me to say something upon the resolution
before the question is taken.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 45; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Adiain, Andrews. Barksdale, Bennett,
Oilhngluirst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, ISovee, Branch, Bray-
ton, Bryan, Burnett, Burns. Ca«e, Cavanaugh, Cliattec,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Ciav, John Cochrane,
Cockentl, Colfax, Comm<=, Corning, Cnvodc. Go^i, Cnlglll,
James Craig, Davidson. Davis of Maryland, Davis ot Mis-
sissippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ot Iowa, Dean,
Dick, Dumnick, Dodd, Dovvdelt, Durfee, Edie, English,
F.ustis, Florence, Foley, Foster. Giddmgs, GUman, Gilmer,
Good), Goodwin, Groesbeek, I.avvrcnee \V. Hall, Robeit
floor, the floor will be given to any other gentle-
man.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. KELLY' moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Before that motion is put, how-
ever, I state to the House that I wish to make a
special order similar to that made yesterday m
reference to giving precedence to the Senate amend-
ments to the naval bill. The Committee of Ways
and Means have this morning considcied the Sen-
ate amendments to that bill, and I wish to report
those amendments, with the action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means thereon, and have
them referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and make them the special
order, so that they may take precedence of the
loan bill.
I wish also to suggest to the House that I desire
to submit a motion that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall take a
recess to-day from four to six o'clock. The ob-
ject is that we may have a longer evening ses-
sion, and to enable the Committee of Ways and
Means to meet at four o'clock to pass upon Sen-
ate amendments to the Army bill. By doing that,
the committee will be able to report at six o 'clock
upon the Army bill, in which case the Army bill
and the Navy bill can both be considered to-day.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. If the Committee of Ways and Means
desire to retire between four and six o'clock, for
the purpose of considering the amendments to the
Army bill, their object may be accomplished by
getting leave of the House to sit during the ses-
sion of the House 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That consent has
already been given.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. And the
balance of the committee can transact some busi-
ness not connected with the Army bill while you
are considering those amendments.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I did not put that
as the only ground of my motion. My object is
to get the appropriation bills through with all
convenient expedition.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know whether the question is debatable.
If the gentleman wants to make a motion I am
willing to hear it, but I am not willing to hear a
statement. I object to all debate.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to give way that the Sen-
ate resolution for extending the session, may be
taken up and considered, so that we may know
precisely what we are about.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to put the
Army and Nayy bills through to-day.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will not give way for that purpose, I will insist
upon calling up a question of privilege, and the
gentleman can take the responsibility.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES, I take the respons-
ibility of moving that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Before that motion
be put, I rise to call up a question of privilege re-
lating to the organization of the House. I claim
the right to present it as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion to suspend the rules must be disposed of,
even before a privileged question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. _ I shall not appeal
from the decision of the Chair, but according to
my understanding the gentleman's motion is a
privileged motion, but not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion,
which must bo disposed of.
Mr. J. GLANCY7 .TONES. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois tell me the object he has in
i view ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My first object is
to determine whether the House will abide by its
decision, and adjourn to-morrow, or whether it
will concur in the Senate amendment to adjourn
next Monday. In the event of the House not
passing from the position it now occupies, then I
propose to call up the question of privilege re-
lating to the Maryland contested-election case.
Mr. J. GL'ANCY JONES. Do I understand
that if the House agree to extend the session then
lie will call up this election case ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. No, sir; directly
the reyerse. I am willing, then, that the gentle-
man may proceed with his business.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I only wish to see
whether we cannot get through this business to-
day.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am anxious that
this Maryland election case shall be disposed of
this session. If the session is to terminate to-
morrow, I will call it up to-day; but if the ses-
sion is to be extended, I will not.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I yield the
floor, with the understanding that I do not lose it.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object to all conditions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must take his chancc to get the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I now call up the
Senate resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
In Senate of the United Statfs, June 8. 18o8.
Resolved, (the House of Repiesentatives concunmg,)
Thai the resolution directing the President of the Senate and
i lie Spi-jkei of the Hou e of Representatives to declare
