742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
February 17,
the ninth regiment has been twenty-one years in
service; in the fifth, thirty-eight years, or nearly
double the length of service of the senior major of
the ninth regiment. There is a difference of sev-
enteen years' service*, and yet, by the fourth sec-
tion of this bill, you propose to do away with these
seventeen years of hard service, and place the
senior major of the ninth regiment on an exact
equality, as to promotion, with the senior major
of the fifth regiment. Again: the junior major in
the ninth regiment has been seventeen years in the
service, while the junior major in the fifth regi-
ment has been twenty-nine years in the service—
a difference of twelve years; and yet you propose
to place the two in the same relative position.
So, sir, you may go through the whole list, and
you will find that in almost every instance gross
injustice would be done to the officers of the old
regiments by adopting the fourth section.
But let me read what the Senator from Missis-
sippi said on this point:
" I think the equity is on the side of the provision. It is
a reform, and therefore it must bear upon somebody. No
reform can over be instituted that will not violate the just
expectations of somebody. If the reform ispropci, if equity
is on the side of the provision, the sooner it is adopted the
better."
I ask particular attention to the remark which
follows:
" It so happens that we now have four new regiments in
the Army; two of them aie infantry, liable to cross promo- i
tion; but no cross promotion has yet occurred; and I think j
it better, if the piovision is to be adopted at all, that it |
should be adopted before such cross promotion has ansen i
than after it shall have occurred, and claims have been per-
fected in the hands of other officeis."
This last argument is like the postscript to a,
lady's letter: it contains all there is in it. Here
are four new regiments in which no cross pro-
motions have yet taken place, and perforce it is
meant that no cross promotions ever shall take
place. Gross favoritism has been shown in offi-
cering the new regiments. Did not the honorable
chairman know that no cross promotions could
take place out of those new regiments ? Did he
not know that the officers of the ninth and tenth
regiments of infantry must take their chance in
relative rank for promotion into any other regi-
ment, and they never can be promoted over the
old officers of the Army until the time shall come
when they stand oldest on the list of officers? No
cross promotions have occurred over the heads of
these new officers by older officers in the Army;
and the intention of this clause is that no cross
promotion over shall take place over these special
favorites of the late Administration. I trusttluUa
sense of justice will influence the Senate to strike
out the fourth section of the bill. It is an outrage
upon all the old and able officers of the Army.
Here is a man who entered the Army as second
lieutenant in 1850, placed on an exact equality with
the man who was breveted major and lieutenant
colonel for his gallant service in the war. Do you
suppose for one moment that that man who was
twice breveted for gallant service would remain
in the Army and allow this boy, the mere pet of
somebody around Washington, to be promoted
over his head'1 If he did, ho would be unworthy
of the epaulets he wears. The adoption of the
fourth section would drive your ablest officers out
of the Army; and in justice to them (notone hun-
dredth of whom do 1 know) I demand that that
section shall be stricken out.
Mr. PUGII. I consider the fourth section the
best section in the original bill, and I say so with
all the observation that I have been able to give to
this subject during the short peiiod of my con-
nection with the Army and with public life. There
are a number of the regiments which are stationed
at posts, not at any scene of danger, not at any
place of danger. Through the influence of the
field officers, or the officer in command, they see
no hard service. They are regiments remarka-
bly exempt from casualties. Other regiments are
sent to the frontiers: and by disease, by death, by
wounds incapacitating from further service, va-
cancies occur in the higher grades, in the field
officers; and then they are filled from officers who
have taken good care to repose their heads on the
pillow of easy service at these posts.
Why should we not promote by regiments to
field officers, as well as to company officers? We
promote from second lieutenant to first lieutenant, :
and from first lieutenant to captain, by regiments. \
Why should we not promote field officers in the j
same way? Why should all the captains of a I
regiment which is in Utah, for instance, or in Ne-
braska, serving against an enemy, if a vacancy
occurs in the rank of major or lieutenant colonel,
be overruled, in order that some senior captain
who has been commanding a post on the Atlantic
coast for the last twenty years, shall all of a sud-
den be put over their heads? I consider this pro-
vision an act of sheer justice to those officers who
perform military service, in contradistinction to
those who hold their rank in the Army and do
not perform service. Those officers who serve
in the field ought to have this promotion, and not
those whose only merit is their longevity. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will not strike out this sec-
tion.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not propose to enter into
the debate of this section, but the Senator from
Michigan alluded to a young officer of the Army
whom I happen to know, and know to be a young
man of great merit. I allude to Cajftain Winder.
He spoke of him as owing his promotion to his
being a pet of somebody about here. The truth
is that that young man, whom I have known from
boyhood, is a man of uncommon merit, and he
distinguished himself on a melancholy occasion,
which the Senate have not yet forgotten. He was
one of the officers in charge of the regiment which
was shipped from New York by the lost steamer
San Francisco to go around Cape Horn. On that
occasion when older and perhaps abler soldiers
did not exhibit quite as much composure as might
have been desired, he distinguished himself by
extraordinary couragc and composure and by re-
markable efforts for the preservation of the ship
and those on board. I believe his conduct on that
occasion was so favorably regarded by the Admin-
istration that it induced his promotion when the
new regiments were raised. I think he owed it to
no partiality, to no feeling which would authorize
any one to call him a mere pet. He owed it to
his merit displayed on a single occasion it may
be, but certainly a signal occasion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said that I did not know
a single one of the officers to whom I alluded. I
merely looked at the Register, and noticed the
date of their entry into the Army, and I perceived
that some of these young officers could not have
seen service, because there had been no service
since the date of their entry into the Army. Let
me say, in answer to the Senator from Ohio, that
I find by looking over the Army Register, a great
number of men who were promoted for gallantry
on the field of battle, that have beeirtotally over-
looked in officering the new regiments. If the
Administration had taken men who had distin-
guished themselves upon the field of battle, with-
out regard to rank, I should not have found fault,
but such has not been the case. In all the four
regiment^ 1 can find but one officer who has ever
received a brevet for gallant service on the field
of battle; and that is the case of Captain Lugen-
bccl, the senior captain of the ninth regiment of
infantry, who icceivcd a brevet as major.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is surely mistaken.
Mr. CHANDLER, i find, on looking again
at the Register, that I was mistaken. I perceive
that one of the majors is a brevet lieutenant colo-
nel, but there are very few brevets among the
new captains—only one in the ninth and tcmh
regiments; and there are but very few among all
the officers appointed to the four new regiments
who received a brevet for gallant services in the
Mexican war, while many of them were young
men who had never seen service at all. Perhaps
it was an assumption of mine, that the men who
had not seen service were appointed through fa-
voritism.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the motion to strike
out the fourth section will prevail; and I will state
two considerations which seem to me to commend
it to favor; but, in the first place, I ask that the
section be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, That hereafter regular
promotions to vacancies oceurung m the regimental grades
of commissioned officers of the United States ArmyJ shall
be by regiments or coip>, instead of by arms of service, as
now regulated and provided in certain cases.
Mr. SEWARD. This, Mr. President, is an in-
novation establishing a new principle, one entirely
new, and in antagonism to the system which has
prevailed in the Army from the beginning, so far
as my knowledge extends. As an original ques-
tion, I am informed by military men that it would
have been quite unobjectionable, and, perhaps,
wise; but it cannot be introduced now without
producing derangement, confusion, dissatisfac-
tion alnd discontent throughout the Army, and
to a very wide extent.
This bill was introduced as a bill for the pur-
pose of increasingthe regular Army of the United
States, It is quite apparent that it has already
changed its character; and it is to be no longer
such a bill, if it shall pass at all. What it will
be, if it shall pass at all, will be a bill to increase
the military power of the United States, either by
adding to the regular Army or by calling out vol-
unteers for a brief period of time, and with refer-
ence to a particular occasion. The Senate has
already perfected the original bill, so far as to limit
the term of service, of the two additional compa-
nies to each regiment which are to be raised, to
the period of two years. It will either stand in
that shape, or else it will stand in the shape of
limiting them, as proposed by all the substitutes,
to the period nf service in the Territory of Utah
necessary to reestablish the authority of the Gov-
ernment there. It is, therefore, an ephemeral bill,
it is an occasional bill, and not a bill to increase
the Army of the United States, or to affect the
general arrangement of that institution. To en-
graft on a bill of such a temporary character, a
provision so important as to create this innova-
tion would seem to jeopard the original bill itself,
and would probably be the means of producing
discontent which may be avoided; while, if there-
is merit in this proposition, it can come up as a
distinct proposition in a special bill.
Mr. WILSON. In spite of the opposition of
the Senator from Ohio, I trust the Senate will
strike out the fourth section of the bill, and not
adopt, m a measure of a mere temporary charac-
ter, a provision making so great an innovation on
the established system. While I am up, I wish
to call attention to the first section of the bill as
it has been perfected. I understand that by that
section, as perfected on the "motion of the Senator
from JNorth Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] the commis-
sions of all the company officers in the Army of
the United States are to be placed in the hands
of the President, The first section provides for
raising thirty companies, two to be added to each
regiment; and it also provides for discharging two
companies from each regiment at the end of two
years. In these thirty companies there are ninety
officers. Thirty companies and ninety officers
are to be discharged at the end of two' years, and
by the provisions of this section, the President
can discharge any two companies in each regi-
ment, and any ninety officers he chooses. He
may retain every officer whom he may appoint
under this bill, and select among all the other offi-
cers of the Army ninety whom he will discharge.
Now, if it be the judgment of the Senate to add
two companies to each regiment, and to discharge
the whole thirty companies at the end of two
years, I hope that in justice to the old officers now
m the Army, we shall so amend the first section
that the officers to be commissioned under this
bill shall be discharged, and that the present offi-
cers of the Army shall not be interfered with by
this temporary measure. I have but little ac-
quaintance with the officers of the Army. Eulo-
gies have been pronounced upon them, and they
have been somewhat assailed here. I takeitthat
officers of the Army are very much like all the
rest of us in the country in public and in private
life. Many of them are gentlemen of talent, and
of character, who adorn the profession they^have
chosen. Some of them T know to be the merest
snobs jn the world, who do no crcdit to their pro-
fession or any other; but they are in the service,
and I hope that in this temporary bill, increasing
the military force of the country to operate in the
Territory of Utah, we shall adopt no provision
that will in any way interfere with them.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs has laid down the doctrine that we ought
to increase the Army for general purposes. Some
of us arc opposed to the increase of the Army as
a general principle; but there are those here—and
T trust all of us agree in it—who think that ex-
igencies have arisen in the Territory of Utah de-
manding that the President of the United States
shall be authorized to raise a force to maintain the
laws of the country, and to suppress rebellion in
that Territory if he shall find it necessary to do so.
The Senator from Tennessee has, to-day, admon-
