1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
from Indiana yields to me for a moment. I have
in my hand three appropriation bills; and, as the
Committee of Ways and Means may not be called
for a week, I ask that, by unanimous consent,
they may now be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am compelled reluctantly
to object to the gentleman's proposition. We are
now in the fifth month of the session, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have already used up
most of our time, and have objected to the other
committees being called in their order. I am a
member of a committee which has not been called
during the session.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I beg to be dis-
tinctly understood that I have never objected to
a call of the committees of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The objection was made
by the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union immediately after
the Journal was read, so that the committees could
not be called.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means have not consumed an undue
share of the time of this House, nor has its chair-
man opposed the call of committees for reports at
any time.
The SPEAKER. Debate i3 not in order
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to bring
before the House a matter of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has the floor on a question of privilege.
Mr. HUGHES. I will say just here that I hope
there will not be an attempt to clamor me down
when I rise to a question of privilege. I am in
order, and I intend to remain m order; and I can-
not be heard in this House if this system of clam-
oring against me is kept up. I offer a resolution
to censure a member of this House, which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas, Francis E. Spinner, a member of this House
from the State of New York, did, on the 26th day of April
instant, propose to offer for the consideration and action of
the House a preamble and resolution which was ruled out
of order by the Speaker, and which was of the following
tenor, to wit: ,
" Whereas, TheBurIingtonHawkeye,anewspaper,pub-
lished in the State of Iowa, has recently published the fol-
lowing article, written from Council Bluffs, in relation to
the laud sales at that place, viz :
" ' During the second week, after the office had opened,
an order was received from Mr. Commissioner Hendiicks,
at Washington, to locate six thousand (6,000) acres m the
name of the honorable Jesse D. Bright, of Indiana. Of
course the order was complied with, out of the regular office
hours, and thus the honorable Senator got a nice slice of the
public land at a single haul, while the rest of us had to take
our turn at the mill as the wheel rolled round. Wonder if
the peculiar position which Senator Bright occupies towards
the Administration had anything to do with this piece of
party favoritism ? Was it <uiy part of the price paid for las
support of the Leeompton constitution ?'
" And whereas, the 4 Weekly Council Bjuffs Bugle,' a
newspaper published at Council Bluffs, in said State, under
date of April 14,1858, published the following article, viz :
" < Party Favoritism.—A coirespondentm the Burling-
ton Hawk Eye, speaks of a' recent piece of party favoritism, >
and alleges that it was connived at by the k powers thai be,7
at Washington. The correspondent was nearly correct as
to the amount of land entered, but is sadly at fault as to the
person entering the same. Six thousand and two hundred
acres were entered in one day, in the names of Jesse D.
Bright, William H. English, and James I?. Foley. Bright
entered two thousand four hundred and eighty, English, two
thousand two hundred and eighty, and Foley one thousand
four hundred and forty acres. The entries were made under
instructions from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.' „
" 'The wiiter insinuates that the allowance of the entry
was the price paid for Rright's vote, in favor of the admis-
sion of Kansas under the Leeompton constitution; but his
base insinuation will lose all its force when it is known that
English and Foley voted against the admission. The cor-
respondent mu«t place a very high price upon western lands,
or a low estimate upon the honor and integrity of the Pres-
ident anil Senators. This is a little too low an insinuation
to come from any citizen of Council Bluffs, the whang-doo-
' die of the Black Republican party only excepted.'"
" Therefore
" Be it resolved, That a committee of five be appointed
to investigate the matter, and to inquire into the facts and
circumstances connected with the order of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, whereby the Hon. Jesse
D Bright, and the Hon. "William II. English and the
Hon. James B. Foley were permitted to enter about six
thousand acres of land at the Council Bluffs land office, and
into the facts andciicumstances connected with said entry;
and that said committee have power to send for persona
and papers, and to report by bill or otherwise."
And whereas said preamble and resolution reflect upon
the integrity and characters respectively of a member of the
Senate, and two members of the House, without contain-
ing any charge or matter proper for the action or consider-
ation of the House : Theiefore
Revolved, That the offer to introduce said preamble and
resolution was a breach of the privilege, order, and deco-
rum of the House, and that the said Francis E. Spinner,
is hereb> censured for the same.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HUGHES took the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from In-
diana desires to be heard, I will withdraw my
point of order for the present. It strikes me, how-
ever, that this whole thing is a matter of news-
paper controversy. Very many Senators and
members of this House have been abused through
the public press, and I do not think that it is proper
to take up the time of the House with such cen-
sures or strictures of the press. I withdraw my
point of order.
Mr. IIUGHES. I am obliged to the gentleman
for withdrawing; his point of order; but I have not
seen any point in his point of order. He made
no point.
Mr. Speaker, I would have preferred to say
what I have to say upon this subject, without the
introduction of a formal resolution; but the privi-
lege of making a very short explanation, which
was due to a Senator from my own State, was
denied me, when the attempt was made yester-
day, by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Spinner,] to introduce his resolution.
I have no reason to believe, and have had none,
that I would be permitted to vindicate his char-
acter against this attack,cxcept by bringing my-
self strictly within the rules of the House; and
therefore I have introduced this resolution, which
I propose to press now, and to ask a vote upon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. The resolution does not raise a question
of privilege. If every member of this House who
is abused, or who imagines that a Senator from
his State is vilified through the public press of
this country, is to be allowed to make a question
of privilege here upon it, we shall have nothing
but questions of privilege before us.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio to the lan-
guage of the resolution;
" Therefore, resolved, That the offer to introduce said
preamble and resolution was a breach of the privilege,
order, and decorum of tlie House, and that the said Fran-
cis E. Spinner is hereby censurod for the same."
The Chair is of opinion that it is a question of
privilege, inasmuch as it proposes to censure a
member of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; then it is open
to debate.
Mr. HUGHES. I was saying, sir, that hav-
ing been driven to the necessity of introducing
this resolution by the unjustifiable attack that has
been made, not only upon a Senator, but upon a
public officer from the State of Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] not entitled to be heard upon this
floor, I expect to press this resolution to a vote.
And I believe that when all the facts and circum-
stances attending this matter, which I apprehend
are susceptible of proof, shallbe brought before
the House, this resolution will pass by a suffi-
cient majority to place upon the record an em-
phatic condemnation of this House against the
practice of embodying in the form of its official
proceedings the newspaper slanders of the day.
And I do not think, sir, that the character of the
Senator from Indiana, or of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, a citizen of Indiana, or
of the mernbers of this House, from Indiana, who
are impugned in the resolution which the gentle-
man from New York proposed to introduce, im-
portant as they are and should be, are yet of as
high importance as the dignity and character of
this House itself.
This resolution appeals to the House, not only
to repel unjustifiable and malicious assaults upon
Senators, public functionaries, and members of
the House, but calls upon the House to maintain
its own dignity and its own character, and to set
the seal of its condemnation upon the abuse of the
privileges of this floor by embodying, in the form
of official proceedings, scandalous and false mat-
ter, and thus giving it an importance which it in-
trinsically does not possess.
Mr. SPrNNER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him if he denies the facts stated in the res-
olution
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana yield the floor to the gentleman from New
York?
Mr. HUGHES. I will answer the gentleman
before I have done. I have hardly ever declined
to yield the floor to a gentleman who appeals to
me for that purpose; but when I proposed to make
a simple explanation of this matter yesterday, a
unanimous shout of " order," from that side of
the House,clamored me down;and I now decline,
when I am in order, to yield the floor to any of
those gentlemen -who indulge in that sort of
amusement.
I came into the Hall yesterday shortly after that
part of the resolution which related to the Sena-
tor from Indiana had been read. The rest of the
resolution was not read at all. And I did not know
that any reference was contained in that resolu-
tion to my two colleagues from Indiana, [Messrs.
Foley and English.] If I had, I should not have
proposed to say anything. But, being informed
that the Senator from that State was assailed—
a gentleman who had not the right to be heard in
this House—I asked permission simply to make
an explanation. It was denied me. Those who
made the attack objected. I propose now, so far
as my colleagues, Messrs. English and Folet,
are concerned, to leave that matter entirely to
themselves. They are here upon the floor, and
can, and no doubt will, defend themselves.
I desire to make an explanation, which will
show that the whole of this newspaper matter,
which was.lugged in here under pretense of get-
ting up a committee of investigation, is upon Us
face false and scandalous, because it is founded in
ignorance of a public statute of this country, which
every man is bound to know. That statute is as
follows;
"Provided further, That it shall be the duty ofthc Com-
missioner of'the General Laud Office, under such regula-
tions as m;iy be presenbed by the Secretary of the Interior,
to cause to be located, five of any expense, any warrant
winch the holdei may tiansnnt to the General f.and office
for that purpose, in such Slate and land di*tiiet as the said
holder or vvairantee may designate, and upon good farming
land, so far as the same can he ascertained from the maps,
plats, and field notes ofthc surveyor,or fiom any other m-
fmmation m the possession ol the local oilicc ; and, upon
the location beni!; made as aforesaid, the Secretary shall
cause a patent to be transmitted to such warrantee."
And the land warrants which are issued by the
Government show upon their face that they may
be located here in Washington city, m the office
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
just as well as in the land offices of the different
'States. The Senator from Indiana, in conjunc-
tion with two members of this House, it appears,
saw proper to take their money , and the money
of some of their constituents given to them for
that purpose, and invest it in land warrants for
the benefit of themselves and others, and saw
proper, instead of traveling to the State of Iowa,
or any other Slate, to locate those land warrants,
to avail themselves of this public statute of the
country, and went to the Land Office here to make
their locations; and in pursuance of the law, in
pursuance of its express requirement, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, an appointee
also from the State of Indiana, caused the land
entries to be made. That is the whole thing out
of which this whole matter has been manufac-
tured.
Novy, sir, the gentleman from New York, who
proposed to introduce that resolution, was bound
to know the law and cannot plead ignorance of
it, for " ignorance of the lawexcuseth no man;"
and I presume, sir, no gentleman of sufficient
character in this country to be honored by any
constituency with a scat «ipon this floor, would
rise in his place here and plead ignorance of a
public act of the Congress of the United States.
Out of this matter has been manufactured this
newspaper attack; and I have offered this resolu-
tion proposing upon its face action of this House
because it was necessary, in order to bring what
1 wish to say within the rules. I have no objec-
tion that the resolution shall be referred to a com-
mittee who shall have power to investigate both
the charge which is made by the gentleman from
New York and the charge which is madeagamst
him. I undertake to say, that when any commit-
tee is raised and investigates this matter, it will
appear in proof that the resolution which the gen-
I tleman from New York proposed to offer to this
