2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
former occasion, and to which I desire to recall the
attention of the committee, was that these vessels
are advisable in an economical point of view.
What does it cost now to keep in commission one
of your large steam frigates? Over two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars a year; and those frig-
ates carry forty guns. Now, according to the
data furnished by the Navy Department, one* of
these small sloops, carrying ten or twelve guns, :
could he kept in commission for from forty-five j
to fifty thousand dollars a year. I ask if three of !
these vessels, carrying ten guns each, or thirty ;
guns in all, would not be far more efficient than
one large steam frigate? If they would, then the ;
three small vessels would cost only $150,000 a
year, while one large frigate would cost $250,000
a year.
The Secretary of the Navy has suggested that
one of these vessels might be advantageously em-
ployed in every squadron. I think so too; and
by thus employing them, one large vessel might
be dispensed withinevery squadron,and therefore
economy would be promoted. I shall notelabo*
rate that idea. We have six squadrons, and if
one of these vessels is to bev employed in each
squadron, we must have, in the first place, six for
the different squadrons; then one will be re-
quired for China, and one for special service on
the coast of Washington Territory—making eight
in all; and we ought to have at least two or three
on hand to take the place of those which may be-
come inefficient or damaged. I say, therefore,
that if we go info the matter at all, we ought to
have at least ten of these small sloops-of-war.
I referred before, and have barely time to refer
again, to the fact that the vessels which we now
have in use draw so much water that they can
enter few, if any, of our ports south of Norfolk.
The exports from New Orleans alone amount
to about one hundred million dollars a year. This
portion of our commerce is comparatively unpro-
tected by our Navy. We wish vessels which can
enter these ports. But I cannot elaborate, for want
of time.
1 shall proposes, at the proper time, to increase
the number of these vessels by striking outu five"
and inserting '• ten," and I hope that my friends
will sustain me in it. I take the liberty to say
that 1 shall not alter the amount that the Senate
has placed in this bill to be appropriated for this
purpose. Why? Because, 1 believe that these
vessels, which the Secretary of the Navy esti-
mates, can be built for $2,300,000. If the whole
ten can be built for $3,300,000, £.1,200,000 is sum-
cient fortius year. I believe that these vessels can
be built for a much smaller sum, and 1 will briefly
state my reasons for so believing. This estimate
of the Secretary of the Navy was made some time
ago. Since then prices have diminished. The
estimate was made when there was no pressure
in the money market, and when business had not
felt I he embarrassment to which it has been since
subjected. I have a case in point to &how that
the suggestions I make are not theoretical, and in-
tended for this case only. The Secretary of the
Treasury has recently caused to be constructed a
fine steamer for the revenue service of something
like seven hundred tons, and drawing six and a
half feet of water. It is very nearly as large as
the sloops I propose to have constructed That
vessel was built and launched for $150,000. It is
a most efficient one. Then, I say, if a vessel of
seven or eight hundred tons, and drawing six and
a half feet of water, can be built lor ^150,000,
such a vessel as I propose, drawing a few feet
more, will not cost more than $200,000. The
Secretary of the Navy estimates that they will
cost $230,000. At $30ft,0()ft they would cost
$2,000,000; and $1,200,000 is sufficient to appro-
priate at present.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has an hour ,and 1 ask him to permit me to
have a portion of his time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to oc-
cupy ray hour with an explanation of the amend-
ments. I will yield to the gentleman ten or fifteen
minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to farming out the
floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. My friend from Pennsylvania
would yield to the gentleman ten or fifteen min-
utes ofhis time, if he wanted it.
Mr."iMORGAN. I insiyt on my objection.
ENROLLED BILL*
The committee informally rose, and the Speaker
resumed the chair.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committe on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (II. R. No. 647) to
ji change the time of holding the spring term of the
district court of the United States for the western
j| district of the State of Texas; when the Speaker
|[ signed the same.
!j ROSWELL MINARD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
'i lowing message from the Senate:
i In Senate of thk United Stat??*, June 9. 1358.
1 Whereas, it appears by the Journal of the Senate 111 at
ji House bill (\To. 35b) tor tbe relief or Rosueil Miiiard, father
ot' Theodoie .\linur<l, deceased, passed the Senate mi the
4th day of June instant with an amendment: and whereas,
said bill was by mistake erroneously reported to the House
on the same day, as having passed the Senate without
amendment, and has been enrolled and signed by the Pre-
siding Officer* of both Houses of Congress, and tue said en-
rollment is void, the same never having been passed by both
Houses of Congress: Therefoie,
Resolved, Thai the President of the Senate be, and hereby
is, authouzed to caucel ins signature upon said enrolled
bill, and that the same be returned to the House; and that
the House of Representatives be respectfully icquested to
authoiize the Speaker of the House of Representatives! to
cancel his signature upon said emolled bill, and return to
the Senate the engrossed bill, to enable the Senate to cor-
rect its report to the House or Representatives. '
Attest: ASBIJUY DICXIiWS, Secretary ;
Mr. RUSSELL. What is the amendment of ,!
the Senate? \\
The SPEAKER. The Senate moved to strike "
out the second section. If the request of the Sen- :
ate be agreed to, the question will come before the ;!
House wheq the bill is returned from the Senate \\
with the amendment. If there be no objection, the |i
order will be made in accordance with the mes- j
sage from the Senate, and the signature of the •!
I Speaker will be canceled. ■'
There was no objection,^and it was ordered >,
accordingly.
T. L. o'lCEEFFEC. '
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol- ,\
lowing message from the Senate: 1
IN HUNATE of THK UNITED STATES. Juhc 0, Ibr 8. 1
Whereas it appears by toe .Journal of tne Senate that •
. House lull ("Vo. rG7) for the relict ot Tunothj L. O'Keetfee. .,
i was indefinitely postponed by the Senate on Hie 4th day of ;:
| June instant; and wherea-, said hill was by mistake erro- |!
| noou&ly reported to the House as having parsed the Senate, !!
j and has been enrolled and M^ned by the Ptesidmg Officers H
| of boih Houses of  'oii'/Hj}--,. and the ^aid ciiiollment of ]
: said bill is \oiii. ilu* s-dint! never having been passed by \
! botli UnustN of ConiriXN: Therefore. j
1 Jinolred, That the Pre-ident of the Senate he, and i
I hereby is annio;ized to cancel Ins niznatnre upon said en- .
I lolled bill, and that the -rsia-' oe returned to the llou-c of
i Representatives; and that the Hons*' of llepi e.-enfauven :
j bo respectfully requeued to authorize the Speaker of tiie
flou*>p ot Representatives to cancel hi;, signature upon said ■
enrolled bill, and to return to the Senate the en^io-* hill. ;
Jo enable the Senate to coirect its report to the HoUr-e of ■
: Representatives.
; Attest : ASBUftY Secretary.
The SPEAKER. .The oi d^r in this respect will
l e complied with, by the permission of the House,
and the Chair will cancel his signature, and return
, the engrossed hill.
i The committee then resumed it-; fcsmois.
| NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
' Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The naval appio-
, pnatjon hill has been returned to the House from ,
the Senate with fourteen amendments. Some of
1 thfiii ate regarded by tl'ie Committee of Ways :
| and Means as good amendment;--, and a number
j of them as of rather doubtful propriety. Some ,
! of them, besides, are of such a character that the
I Committee of Ways and Means cannot know
I what they are intended to mean; anil if they were
■ adopted, the Treasury Department would find it
difficult to give tin m a construction. The Com-
' mitteo of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
• rence in seven out of fourteen of tne amendments, ,
i I propose to occupy only such portion of my hour n
; as may be necessary to explain the character of :
! these amendments.
, Air. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest to the ■;
' gentleman from Pennsylvania that in" all pro'oa- ;i
. biiity we would expedite business if we took the
| course to-day that was pursued yesterday—that !|
1 is, to allow the amendments to be read, and to I]
: give a short debate and consideration to each. I,
j Mr. .T. GLANCY JONES. I do not desire to ]|
t occupy my hour now. 1 prefer, for the expedi- ;!
. lion of business, to pored it out in explaining 1;
the amendments as they arise. If I have the unan-
imous consent of th6 committee, I will have the
amendments read, iind make short explanations
of them. [Cries of "Agreed !n]
The reading of the amendments of the Senate
was then commenced.
First amendment:
That, hereafter, medical officers and engineers of the
Navy shall be entitled to the pay of their seveial giades
from the date of their appointments or commissions therein,
respectively.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The total amount
appropriated by the amendments made by the
Senate we figure up at $1,202,750. That refers
to the whole fourteen amendments, hut it is proper
to say that $500,000 of this is for the fivesloops-
of-war. In seven of these amendments the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend concur-
rence.
As to the amendment just reported, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have not been able to
ascertain its precise meaning, unless it be intended
to antedate the pay of these officers; and the sup-
position is that the Treasury Department has re-
fused to allow them their pay from the date of
their commission. The proposition now is, that
their pay shall take effect from the date of their
commission, instead of from the time at which it
is now fixed to take effect. For this reason the
Committtue of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence in this amendment. It may be
a meritorious one, but we do not know its mean-
ing.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to the explanation which I shall make in
reply to the remarks of the gentleman; anil I think
the committee will deem the amendment a just
and proper one. We have had before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs many individual applica-
tions, whieh came under this class, and we have
reported favorably on each one of them. The
case which this amendment is intended to apply
to is this: we have in the Navy assistant sur-
geons, passed assistant surgeons, and surgeons.
An assistant surgeon must be in the Navy a cer-
tain length of time before he can apply to be
examined in order to become a passed assistant
surgeon. When he becomes a passed assistant
surgeon, he is entitled to higher pay. It is the
same case with regard to the engineers. There
are three classes of engineers under the chief en-
gineer. There are the first assistant engineers, the
second assistant engineers, and the third assist-
ant engineers. A man is required to serve a cer-
tain number of years in each grade before he is
examined to pass to a higher grade. I believe an
assistant surgeon must serve three years before
he can become a passed assistant surgeon. Sup-
pose that, just before the expiration of these three
yc;ars,an assistant surgeon or engineer is ordered
oif to Africa, or to the Mediterranean, or to some
other foreign station: then he cannot present him-
self before the board and undergo an examina-
tion. He remains abroad some length of time,
returns to this country, and, as soon as he is able,
presents himself before the board, passes his ex-
amination, and is promoted to a higher grade. It
is the practice now, sustained by law, to date
back the commission to the time when he was en-
titled to be examined if he had been allowed to
remain in the country. This provision of law is
intended to make the pay commence from the
lime of the commission; and I say he is justly
entitled to it. If he is ordered off, that is the act
of the Government. He cannot disobey it. He
is m the public service. Another man, not in the
service, but who is staying in Washington, or in
Philadelphia, or New York,goes befoie the board,
is examined, passes, and gets higher pav than
this m,an, who is sent oif by command of the
Government, and who cannot undergo his exam-
ination on that account. Is tins just? Ought not
the pay to go back and to commence with the new
commission ? If he is entitled to the commission,
ought he not to be entitled to the pay which ac-
companies that commission ?
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out the ninth and tenth lines.
Mr. Chairman, the committee had as well set-
tle now the question as to whether they will rec-
ognize independent foreign legislation m appro-
priation bills or not. This question about the pay
of medical officers and engineers is a matter of
general legislation. It ic an amendment which.
