1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
fully hear J before the question of inception was
raised. I know, too, that here the question of
reception has been raised after the member pre-
senting a proposition has been heard in explana-
tion of it. I am not prepared to say but that the
Speaker is right. I think, however, that a mem-
ber has the right to raise the question when the
member making a proposition has explained the
reason for its presentation. But I am willing that
this question shall be decided*at this time.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, I have been
fnr five years a member of this House; and f can
appeal to the record to bear me out in the asser-,
tion that, in all that time, I never have uttered
sentence reflecting upon the personal character of
any of my associates upon this floor; and never
before have I had any occasion to notice or to
refer to any charges of a personal character against
myself; nor do I deem it necessary to say more
now than to make a plain, unvarnished statement
of the facts in this case.
I begin hy premising that I know of nothing in
law or morals which would make it improper, in
any sense of the word, for a member of Congress
to purchase the lands of the United States. I pre-
sume that that is a position which will not be
called in question by any human being at all fa-
miliar with the laws of this land and the practice
of the Land Office. I presume that the majority of
the members of Congress have, at one time or
other, entered or purchased Government land,
with money or warrants. The only question, then,
is, as to whether there was an impropriety in en-
tering the land, in the present case, in the manner
alluded to in the extracts from newspapers, which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Spinner] has
thought proper to introduce here ? The statute is
very explicit on this subject, and it is one which
has been in existence tor twelve years, and known
to all men familiar with the laws of Congress. It
is as follows:
"That it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior, to cause to be lo-
cated, free of any expense, any warrant which the holder
may transmit to the Geneial Land Office tor that purpose,
in such State and land district as the said holder or war-
rantee may designate, and upon j?ood farming land, so far
as the same can be ascertained from the maps, plats, and
field-notes of the &ui veyoi, 01 from any other information
in the possession of the local office, and^*upon the location
being made as aforesaid, the Secretary shall cause a patent
to be transmitted to such warrantee."
Nor is this all. A reference to the face of the
land warrants themselves shows the fact that the
holder of them has the right to locate in any land
office directly, or through the General Land Office
in the city of Washington, He^eisthelanguage:
" Note. You can locale this certificate at any of the
United States land offices, or it will be located for you by
the General Land Office on the return of it, with your re-
quest to that effect indorsed thereon, specifying the State
and land district in which you wish the location made."
That is the whole of the case. On the 23d of
last February, my worthy colleague [Mr. Foley]
and myself, for ourselves and certain of our con-
stituents who had requested us so to do, depos-
ited m the General Land Office here certain land
warrants, with the request that the same be lo-
cated in the State of Iowa, under the public laws
of the United States and the instructions of the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, which were the same
in reference to all persons. There was no favor-
itism about it, in any shape, manner, or form. It
was a legal, bona fide transaction; one made in
good faith in every respect whatever, and neither
illegal, unusual, nor improper.
Now, sir, for the purpose of making this mat-
ter clear beyond all cavil, I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read the identical instructions which
were issued from the Department of the Interior,
and under which these land warrants were located,
if they are located; of which fact, however, we
have no official information. Here are the papers,
and it will be seen from them that no privileges
were given to us that were not alike extended to
every other person, high or low;
General Land Office, April 27, 1858.
Sir: As requested by you this morning, I have the honor
to inclose a copy of the instiuctions of the Secretary of the
Interior to this office, of the 19th February, 1858, under the
second pioviso to thefouith section of the act of S28tn Sep-
tember, 1850, Statutes at Large, volume 0, pages 520-1.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Commissioner.
lion. W. II. Enulish, House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, February 19, 1858,
Sir : The proviso attached to the fouith scctionof the act
of Congress granting bounty lands l'oi military seivices,
approved September 28, JfevO, make-: it <k the duty of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, under s-.uch lob-
ulations as may be piesenher! by the Secietary of the In-
tenor, to cause to be located, iree of expense, any wairant
which the holder may nau-um to the Gimeial Land Office
for that purpose, in such State and land dwtner as the said
holder or warrantee may designate, on any good farming
land, so far a& the same can be ascertained horn the maps,
plats, and field note* ol the .surveyor, or from any other in-
formation in possession of the local office.
The second section of the act ofMaieh :J2,1352," to make
land warrants assignable, and for other pui poses," author-
izes the registers and receivers of the land offices thereafter
to "charge and receive" a certain " compensation or per-
centage" * * * * " for their services in
locating all military bounty land warrants issued since the
11th of February, 1847."
The sixth section of the act of 3d March, 1855, " in addi-
tion to certain acts granting bounty land" for military ser-
vices, also authorized certain charges on the location of
warrants issued under that act.
The proviso in the act of September 28,1850, hereinbe-
fore recited, has been modified by these subsequent enact-
ments, and locations cannot be made " free of expense,"
but are subject to specific charges to be paid by the locator.
The act of 2-2d March, 1852, which extended the bounty
granted by the act of 1850, to certain ca&e&, in its fourth
section provides that(< all the benefits of the last mentioned
act, shall be extended to those ca>es; and the fourth section
of the act of 3d March, 1855, authorizes the location of the
ceiuficates oi warrants issued puiouant to thai act,accord-
ing to existing laws regulating the location of bounty land
warrants."
The rights of the warrantees and assignees of bounty
land certificates, issued under the acts of 1850, 1852, and
1855, appear to be on an equality, therefore, so far as relates
to the duties to be performed by executive officers, in the
location of watranu.
The Commis^ionerof the Gpneral Land Office will, there-
fore, receive military bounty land warranto issued since the
11th of February, 1&47, w henever presented at his office by j
the owner, with the rcquo-t accompanying them that they
be located m a specified land district; and when the Com-
missioner is satined that pioper steps have been taken by
the applicant to place the amount of mone\, legally charge-
able on cfFectmg the location of the wairant or wairants,
in the hands of the district officers, he will forward the war-
rants to the register and receiver ot the proper district, to
be by them located, pursuant to the proviso of the last sec-
tion of the act of September 28, 1&50.
And as it is manifest that the pioviso can only be earned
out in harmonious conjunction with other enactments reg-
ulating the disposal of the public lands, and the assignment
and location of bounty land certificates, the warrants pre-
sented at youi office can have only such opportunities of lo-
cation at the district office, after the arnval of the money
and warrants there, as the owner could have if per-onally
present, and offeimg said warrants and money, on the day
that they both fust reach the local office in business houis.
The act of 23th September, 1850, contemplates that the
particular nacts to be located m this manner shall be se-
lected or designated by the local officers of any particular
district, from the vacant public lands in such district liable
to be located by the specific warrants sent them from your
office. And when locations are made by district offieeis
in oases of this kind, they will certify, in connection with
their usual certificate in each case, that the location has
been made " upon good farming land, so far as the same can
be ascertained fiom the maps, plats, and field-notes of the
suiveyor, or fiom any other information m the possession
ofthe (said) local office."
Whenever, therefore, military land warrants are pre-
sented to your office for location, you will '• cause them to
be located" in accordance with the views above expressed.
Very respectfully your obedient s-ei vant,
J. THOMPSON. Sccretaiy.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I desire to call the particular attention of the
House to one sentence of these instructions:
" And as it is manifest that this proviso can only be car-
ried out m harmonious conjunction with other enactments
regulating the disposal of the public lands, and the assign-
ment and location of bounty land certificates, the uarrants
presented at your office can have only such opportunities of
location at the district office, after the arriiat of the money
and warrants there, as the owner could have if person-ally
present, and offering said warrants and money on the day
that they both first reachthe local office in business hours."
That covers the whole case, and shows there
was no preference in any shape given to these
warrants.
I also want to call the attention of the House
to another fact. These lands were brought into
market, and the local land office opened, on the
23d of February last. The warrants were not
deposited in the General Land Office here until
that day, therefore the holders of these warrants
had no preference. On the contrary, they were
compelled to wait fourteen days, the length of
time required to transmit the warrants from this
city to the local land office; and in the mean time
ail persons there present had an opportunity to
choose and select their lands. There was no at-
tempt to locate the lands here. The warrants
were simply sent to the local office there, for
the purpose, under the law, of having the local
land officers locate them under these instructions,
and under the statute to which I have referred.
Therefore, so far from its being true that the hold*
ers of these warrants had any advantage, it will
be seen by all that they 0id not stand even upon
an equality with those present, Because they had
no opportunity to get any land until fourteen days
after the lands were opened for location to every-
body.
It is well enough, too, to remember that this
transaction occurred last February, and not re-
cently, as the gentleman's resolution might lead
people to suppose. I am strongly inclined to believe
that the gentleman was prompted by party malice,
and that the whole object and intention of bringing
this question forward was to create an impression
upon the country that my course upon the Kan-
sas question was influenced by some favoritism,
in this transaction; and I desire to say most em-
phatically, that if the gentleman from New York,
or any other gentleman, inside or outside of this
House, makes that charge, or insinuates that my
course in relation to the Kansas question has been
influenced by any other than worthy, proper, and
patriotic motives, I-denounce him, and send him
forth branded as a liar, a poltroon, and a coward.
[Cries of " Good !" " Good !"]
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported as truly enrolled an act
for the relief of Duncan Robertson; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. SPINNER. I have no excuses to make
for what I have done here. I am responsible for
it. I merely wish to repel the charge made by
the gentleman from Indiana who first spoke, [Mr.
Hughes,] that I obtained the floor to offer my
resolution surreptitiously. So far as that is con-
cerned, sir, most certainly every gentleman upon
this side of the House will bear me witness that
the only motive they had for remaining here, and
preventing an adjournment at that time, was be-
cause they desired to have the resolution intro-
duced before the House adjourned. And with
that view I made the remark that if gentlemen
desired to adjourn they could effect it by receiving
the resolution which I propdfced to introduce.
The gentleman from Indiana made another
charge, if I understood him correctly, and that
was, that I had said that I did not desire a commit-
tee of investigation. That charge is false. The
gentleman may have been so informed, but it is ut-
terly untrue, and I defy the gentleman to prove it.
Mr. HUGHES. All I have to say on that sub-
ject is, that I am prepared to prove it conclusively
if there be an investigation.
Mr. SPINNER. I hope the House will take
a vote upon the question immediately. I was
anxious that it should be done when the gentle-
man from Indiana took his seat. If my course
here, with a view of ascertaining whether a pub-
lic officer has any right to give members of this
House, or of the otht-r House, privileges beyond
the common citizens ofthe United States,is wrong,
I am willing to be censured for it.
I merely wished to repel those two charges. I
did desire a committee of investigation, for I de-
sired to know the truth of the charges. The
resolution embraced slips cut from a Republican
and a Democratic paper—the one making a charge
against a Senator, and the other defending the
Senator, because that persons who voted against
the Lecompton bill were equally implicated. It
did not deny the fact, but made that defense. My
object was to ascertain whether an officer of the
Land Office had the right to do as he had done. I
did say afterwards, that perhaps my object had
been attained, and that I cared little what disposi-
tion the House made of it.
Mr. FOLEY. Were you not satisfied, before
you offered the resolution, that this transaction
was perfectly lesal and according to usage ?
Mr. SPINNER. No, sir. I thought it was
wrong.
Mr. FOLEY. Yfere you not satisfied that it
was legal ?
Mr. SPINNER. I was not aware that it was
legal. I thought it was wrong.
Mr. FOLEY. You insinuated a slander.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would inquire of the Chair
if it is too late to raise the question whether this
is a question of privilege or not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided this to be
a question of privilege. Of course any gentleman
taking exception to the ruling of the Chair had the
right to take an appeal from the decision. The
Chair did not, in so ruling, attempt to rule upon
