746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that the pre-
vious question has already been ordered, i believe
it was not upon my motion. The previous ques-
tion was seconded, and the main question ordered
yesterday, I believe.
The SPEAKER. They were.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. That is not an
answer to my question. If the gentleman is dis-
posed, he can answer it. I desire to know whether
he suggested that the previous question should be
callcd by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. T did not suggest it to Mr.
Washburn. I voted forit, and I thought it should
be called. I do not understand why the gentle-
man makes the inquiry of me.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. With the per-
mission of the House, I will explain why.
[Renewed ciies of" Order!"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I cannot hear
anything that is said; and I object.
Several Members. Let it go on; it can do no
harm.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the House will
allow the gentleman to ask his questions, and
make his explanations.
Mr. DEAN. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
The result of the vote, as above recorded, was
then announced.
The SPEAKER. The majority of the com-
mittee reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to grant the piayerof the
memorialist for the appointment of a committee to take tes-
timony.
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phillips,] who submitted the minority report,
moves as an amendment to that, the following: 1
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections have powei
to send for persons and papers, and to examine witne^e*
and evidence in the case of' the contested election ot' the
Hon. II. Winter Davis, fiom the fourth congiessional dis-
trict of Maryland.
The question now is upon the amendment.
Mr. BOWIE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and ii was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adiain, Ahl, Atkins. Aveiy, Harksdale,
Bonhain, Bowie, Bianch, Burnett, Ca^kie, Chapman, John
B. Ciaik, Clay, Clemens, Cliugman, Cobb, John Cochiane,
Cockenll,Corning, Jame Craig, Burton Ciaigf, Crawford,
Curry, Davidson, Davis ol Mi^is&ippi. Dewatl, Dnnmick,
Dowdell, Edmuud^on, Klliott, Faulknei. Floieuce, Foley,
Gartrell, Goode, Grocsbeck, Thoimt*> L. llmiia, Hatch,
Ilawkms, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. lvun
kel, Lamar, Landy, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mavon, Millei, Montgomeij', Mooio, Niblack, Pen-
dleton, Peyton,Phelps, Phillip-, Powell,Quitman,Reagan,
Rutfin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Searing, Shorter,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stall woiih, Stephens, Steven-
son, Jame^ A Srewait, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward,
Warien, White, Woitendyke, and Augustus B. Wright—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andeihon," Andiews. Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bocoek, Bojee, Brayton, Brian.
Bumnton, Buihngame, Buriouahs, Campbell, Case, Chaf-
fee, E&ta Clark, Clawson, (Mark B. Cochrane, Collav, Co-
mins>, Covode, ('ox, ('lagm, Cuiti>, Damiell, l)av of Indi-
ana, Davi« of Massachusetts, Davis o) Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Dm fee, Edie, Farn%\voith, Feuton, Foster,
GarneU, Giddmgs, Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Ilailan, J. Mort won Hat us,
Haskin, Hill, Hoard, Howard, Geoigc W. Jones, Kellojij?,
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kutikel, Leach, Loiter,
.Letcher, Lovejoj, I-Iuuiphrey Marshall, Maynaid, Miles,
Million, Moigan, Motnll, F.dward Joy Mom*. Fieeman
II. Morse, Oliver A. Alone, Mott,Munay, Nichols, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit. Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pinviance, Ready, Ri-
caud, Ritchie, Robbuw, Rojce, Seward, Aaion Shaw, Honrv
M. Shaw, Jud.son VV. Sbeiman, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tlioinpson, Tompkins, Trippe,
Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Walton,Cadwal-
ader C Washburn, Klhhu B Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilson, and Woodson—310.
So the amendment was rejected.
Pending the vote,
Mr. WALDRON stated that Mr. Sherman, of
Ohio, was detained in his room by illness.
The question recurred on the resolution reported
from the majority of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine, demanded tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bcfpinton,
and Craige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty, noes not countcd.
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it. was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Bennett,
Billinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bh^s, Bocock, Boyce, Bray-
ton, Bryan, Bufiiuton, Butlingame, Burroughs,"Campbell,
Ca e, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clemens, Ciaik B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox. Cragin, James
Craig, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dui-
fee, Edie, Eustis, Fam^woith, Fenton, Foster, Gamett.
Giddmgs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Growj
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Moirison Hairis, Hill, Hoard,
Howard, George W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C.Kunkel, Leach, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejov,
Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Millson, Moigan,
Moirill, Edward Joy Morns, Fieeman H. Morse. Olivet A.
Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbms,
Royce, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Judson W.
Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, ThayerrThompson, Tompkins, Tnppe,
Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, ElUhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilson, Woodson, and John V. Wright—115-
NAYS—Messis. Adraui, Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bowie, Branch, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Chapman, John
B. Ciaik, Clay, Clingman, Cobb, John Ctjphrane, Cockerill,
Corning, Burton Ciaige, Crawford, Cuiry, Davidson, Davis
of Mississippi, Dewait, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, Gillis, Goode,
Greenwood, Gioesbeck, Thomas L. Harns, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Hopkins Houston, Hushes, Huylei. Jackson, Jenknw,
Jewett, J. Glancv Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob
M. Kuukel, Lamai, Landy, Maclay, Mc&ueen, Samuel S.
Mar-hall, Mastfn, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Niblack,
P.-ndleton,I'eyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell.Quitman, Rea-
gan, Rullin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Searing,
Shorter, Singleton, Stall worth, Stephens, Steven&on, James
A. Stewait, Talbot. Geoige Taylor, Miles Taylor, Waid,
Wairen, Watkms, White, Woitondyke, and Augustus R.
Wright—89.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the vote,
Mr. HUGHES stated that Mr. Gregg was de-
tained from the House m consequence of sickness
in his family.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Clark, of New York, was confined
to his house by sickness.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickints, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the {Senate had passed a joint resolution (S.
No. J8) for the reception of Vice Admiral Meh-
med Pasha, of (he Turkish navy, and to facilitate
the objects of his mission in superintending- the
construction of a vessel of war in the United States;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have yielded the
floor for nearly two weeks for questions of priv-
ilege. Mine is a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER, If the gentleman from Ohio
rises to a question of privilege, it will take prece-
dence of a privileged question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The question is
whether T have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state the purpose for which he rose.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and, in making that motion,
Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to state to the House that
the appropriation bills are now ready for action,
and I hope that 
Mr. SEWARD. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I object to the gen-
tleman from Georgia interrupting me every time
I get the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has a right to interpose the objection that this
matter is not debatable. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] will state what is his ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is this: my veracity is,
T think, involved in the truthfulness of a state-
ment which I made to the House. I send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read, a short extract from the
application which I made to the House, through
the Committee of Elections, to take further tes-
timony in reference to my right to a seat here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
that is not a question of privilege.
Mr. J.GLANCYJON&S. Unlessitis strictly
a question of privilege, I shall object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to
hear from the gentleman from Ohio on what par-
ticular ground he assumes that this is a question
of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. An issue is presented in-
volving my veracity. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a statement.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I object, unless it
! is a question of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 would say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that my character for
I veracity is involved. I will not consume more
than five minutes.
Many Members. Let us hear it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I renew my mo-
tion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I appeal to the
; gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield for the pur-
i pose indicated by the gentleman from Ohio. I
think it is due to him that he should have the
opportunity lie desires
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I dislike exceed-
ingly to make any objection, and I am not in the
ha'nt of doing so; but I have been obliged to wait
here for the last ten days under privileged ques-
tion's and questions of special committees. How-
ever, as gentlemen all round me wish me to with-
draw my objection, and as the gentleman from
Ohio says he will occupy but a. few minutes, I
withdraw my objection.
Mr. SHORTER. I renew the objection. I sup-
pose that the statement which the gentleman from
Ohio wishes to make, has reference to the contest
for his scat.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I renew my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to permit me to offer some joint res-
olutions from the State of Kentucky, that they may
be printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must declinc to
yield the floor for any purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules and go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 151, nays 48; as follows:
YEA?: — Messrs. Adinin, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews,
Atkms. Aveiy, Barksdale, Biilmghiuj-t, Bingham, Bliss,
Bocoek. Bonhum. Howie, Hi.inch, Biajton, Biyan, Bur-
nett, Campbell, Cabkie, Chapman, John B. Ciaik, Clay,
Clemen>, Clingman, Cobb, Ciai k B. ('ocln.uie, John Coch-
lane, Cockenll, CoStaw Coining. Janice Crais, Bmtoti
Ciaige, Cr.iwi'oid, Cutty, Cint's., Davidson. Davt« of Indi-
ana, Davis of Mi-m— ippi, Dewait, Dick, Diumnek, Dodd,
Dowdell,Duilee, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Englk-h. Fains-
worth, Fait! knot, F on ton, rion;nc\ Foley, Fo.-ter, Garnett,
Gai tieii, (ridding*, GiIIh, Oilman. Gilinei, Goode, Goodwin,
Ciangei, Cieenwood, Gioobeck. Glow. J. Momson Har-
ris, Hatch. Havvkm-, Iloaid, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Huylei, J.ickson, Jewett, Geosao W. Jonefe, J. Glancy
.lone-, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kel!',', Knapo, Jacob M. TCun-
kel. Lamar, Landy,I>tchei, Lovejoy. Maclav, McKibbm,
McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel H. Mai shall, Ma-
son, Maynaid. Miles,Millei, Mtiison, Montgomery, Mooie,
MoiuM, NibLiek, Nichols, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Peyton,
Plteip*, Phillips, Powell, Purviance, Quitman, Reagan,
Ritchie, IIo\ co, Ivuffin, llu-soll, Sandidge, Scales, Scaling,
Reward, Henry M. Shaw, tfljoifer, Sickles, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, Sta'hvoith, Stanton, Stephens, Steven-
son, Janice A. Stewait. Talbot, Tappan, Ceoige Ta>loi,
Mile-j Taj lot, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppo, Un-
di'iwood, Walton. Ward, Warren, Cadwaiader C. Wash-
burn, Eihhu B. Washbmne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
White, Woodson, Woitendyke, Augustus Ii. Wiight, ana
John V. Wnght—loL
j NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bennett, Blair, Buffinton, Bur-
! lingame, Case, Chaflec, Ezra Clark, Clawon, Comuis,
| Covode,Damiell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
1 Dawes, Dean, Eu.-tis, Gooch, Robert B. Hall, Ilailan,
: Thomas L. Harns, Hill, Howard, Jenkins, KeUogg, Kel-
| sey, Ktlgoie, Leiter, Morgan, Edward Joy Morns, Oliver A.
' Morse, Muiray, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Heady, Ricaud, Rob-
: bins, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman. Robert Smith,
, Spinner, William Stewait, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron,
| and Wilson—48.
Pending the vote,
: Mr. CAMPBELL stated that as he desired to
j facilitate the business of the House, he would
] change his vote, and vote " ay."
| Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, said: Idesireto
i say that I voted against the motion of the gentle-
