1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1838
previous question for a moment. I will renew it
if he wishes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will paidon me. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. SPINNER. I hope the House will not
lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the whole subject was laid on the table,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on tliQ table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS IN COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the demand for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered upon the following resolution:
Resolved, That during the present week, it shall be in
order each day after today, for the Committee of the Whole
to take a recess until seven o'clock, p.m., after which hour
general debate may be indulged m : Provided, That no vote
shall be taken at such evening session, except on motions
that the committee rise, and that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider. I suppose that will bring us to vote
directly on the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to
a direct vote.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Have the
yeas and nays been ordered on the resolution?
The SPEAKER. They have not been.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
amend the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the previous ques-
tion having; been ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to have general con-
sent to insert in the resolution a proviso confining
debate during the day to the legitimate subject of
discussion.
[Cries of" No!" " No!" all over the Hall. ]
Mr. FLORENCE, If I understand the pur-
pose of the resolution it takes effect from to-mor-
row, and not from to-day. If so, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. EDIE called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, called for
tellers on the resolution.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Craige, of
North Carolina, and Edie were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 110, noes 33.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for reference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burnett
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
259, granting pensions to officers and soldiers who
served in the war of 1812, and in the Indian wars
during that period.
Mr. SEWARD. I oall for the reading of the
resolution making it a special order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thelastresolutionadopted
by the House directed that when the House should
again resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on House bill No. 259,
debate should terminate thereon in three hours,
and that then the committee should proceed to
vote upon amendments.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to get at the first res-
olution which made this bill a special order. I
want it read, for I deny that that order is extended
by the second resolution.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would inquire
whether it is not now in order to move to take up
an appropriation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not, for
the reasons which he has just stated in reply to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seward.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then the Chair
rules out my motion?
The CHAIRMAN. He does.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of both
resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN. They are in the office of
the Clerk, and have been sent for.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I make the point
of order that it is in order to move to take up an
appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMA N. The Chair is already en-
tertaining a point of order which is not yet dis-
posed of. When that is disposed of, the Chair
will entertain the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. The point of order
raised by the gentleman from Georgia is, that the
resolution originally adopted by the Ilouseclosing
debate upon House bill No. 25"9, is not now in
force, it having expired by the terms of its own
limitation. The Chair overrules the point of
order, for the reason that the House, by a subse-
quent resolution, directed that when the House
should again resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, all debate
upon this bill should terminate in three hours, and
that the bill should then be read through by sec-
tions, subject to amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to appeal
from the decision of the Chair upon that point of
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I supposed the res-
olution closing debate was in the usual form. The
usual form is, that all debate shall close at a cer-
tain specified time after the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall again re-
sume its consideration. This resolution, I now
understand, is worded differently. It provides
that all debate shall terminate, in committee, in
three hours after the -House shall again resolve
itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Now, sir, notwithstanding the dif-
ference in the wording, I contend that there is
nothing in that resolution which requires this com-
mittee to take up that bill again. But whenever
the committee shall take it up, if it is more than
three hours from the time tne House again re-
solves itself into committee, then general debate
is closed, and we must go on and vote upon it.
To have continued it a special order would have
required, as originally, a two-third vote of the
House.
Mr. KEITT. If there be any question about
the matter, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I believe I took an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia made a point of order, and proposes to take
an appeal as soon as the resolutions can be re-
ported.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Very well, sir; that
will do.
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to state my point
of order. The first resolution passed by the House
in relation to this bill fixed the 22d, 23d,and 24th
days of April, as the days upon which this bill
should be considered. The second resolution pro-
posed that when the House again went into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all debate should be closed upon that bill within
three hours.' What I want the Chair to under-
stand is this: that there is no conflict between the
two resolutions; they are precisely like two stat-
uteswhich can be harmonized and made perfectly
consistent with cach other. Well, now, in all
legal contemplation, the last resolution passed
was intended to present this state of things: that
if the House went into committee upon either of
those days—the 22d, 23d, or 24th instant—the
debate should be closed within three hours there-
after upon that bill.
That is the fair, legal, and legitimate construc-
tion of those resolutions; and I cannot understand
how they can be tortured so as to allow a special
order to be transferred and extended indefinitely.
I hold that the resolution closingdebateonlyap-
plicd to the three days for which the bill was made
the special order, in case the House went into
committee on either of those days; and if the Chair
decides otherwise, I shall appeal from his decision-
The Clerk then read the resolution making the
bill a special order, as follows:
" Resolved, That hill No. 259, granting pensions to the
soldieis of the war of 1612, and those engaged in Indian
wars during that period, he referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the Mate of the Union, and be made a special
order therein for the 22d> 23d, and 24th days of April next."
Mr. SEWARD. Now read the resolution clos-
ing debate, which was adopted on Saturday, April
24, 1858, one of the d^ys for which the bill was
made a special order.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, Tiiat all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on bill of the House (No. 259)
granting pensions to the officer and soldiers of the war with
Great Butain of 1812, and those engaged m Indian wars
daring that period, shall cease m three hours after I he [louse
frhall again rcaolve l^elf into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and the committee shall then pro-
ceed to vote on such amendments," &e.
Mr. SEWARD. The House did not go into
the Committee of the Whole at all until the special
order was exhausted, and, therefore,the lastres-
olution necessarily failed in legal contemplation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. It is necessary that this question shall
be settled correctly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for tell-
ers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered.
The C H AIRM AN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia raises the question of order that the special
order for this bill has expired, as the original res-
olution limited it to the 22d, 23d, and 24th days
of April, The Chair overrules the question of
order for the reason that the House, by a subse-
quent resolution, determined that all debate upon
this bill should terminate in three hours after the
House should again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Chair decides that, under that resolution, the
first business in order before the committee is the
consideration of this bill. From this decision the
gentleman from Georgia appeals.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the appeal debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why not? The general de-
bate has not yet been closed. There are still three
hours for discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Alabama that this is merely a
question of the priority of business, and the Chair
thinks that an appeal on such a question is not
debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire then to ask the Chair
this question: whether, if the decision of the Chair
shall be sustained, it will not always be in the
power of a majority of the House, by passing a
resolution to close debate, to make any bill a spe-
cial order; and whether that would not dispense
with,supersede,and over'ridethe rulcof the House
that requires two thirds to make a special order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Alabama that this resolution
closing debate was introduced and acted on by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. That makes no difference.
A resolution to close debate upon any bill is priv-
ileged, and does not require unanimous consent
or a suspension of the rules. A majority of the
House can, at any time, arrest debate upon a bill;
but it takes two thuds to make a special order.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to correct a statement
made by the Chair. The Chair announced that
there was a subsequent resolution passed, which
superseded the one making this bill the special
order for the 22d, 23d, and 24th days of April.
My point is this; that the resolution closing: de-
bate is cotemporaneous with the first resolution,
having been passed on the 24th,and therefore, that
its operation cannot go beyond the special order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The determination of this
question will decide whether the House will take
up a very important bill at this session of Con-
gress. The House is now very thin, and I there-
fore move that the committee rise, so that we can
take the question when next we go into commit-
tee.
Mr. JACKSON demanded tellers.
