w
1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
740
alone. They contend for the submission of the
whole constitution to the people, as well on one
ground as upon another, whether it tolerates or
prohibits slavciy; because, as they argue, that in
so doing they best carry out the principles of pop-
ular sovereignty, as they understand them, as
originally enunciated in the act organizing the
Territory. 1 must confess that I do not see in this
a justification; {tut, perhaps, I may not justly ap-
preciate the force of the argument. They contend
that they were the original friends of popular sov-
ereignty; that they met the storm when in its
wildest and most terrific form; that they nobly
came to the rescue in 1854, when, to all appear-
ances, the fury of the blast must sweep everything
before it; that they are, and ever have been, ready
to vote for the admission of Kansas, as they aver,
with or without slavery, whenever she presents
herself, having previously voted upon, and rati-
fied by the popular will, her constitution; that
there is a wide difference between them and the
Republican party; that, while they are not con-
trolled in their action by a reference to slavery at
all, the Republicans, though every man, woman,
and child in Kansas should desire that the insti-
tution be tolerated, would unhesitatingly refuse
her admission, though that refusal should slough
her off, were it possible, into an independent and
foreign State. This is refining too much for our
homespun understandings. It is poor comfort
to the South; it is the apology which the hangman
makes to the doomed criminal, when he adjusts
the halter; it is keeping the word of promise to
the ear, but breaking it to the hope.
Now what is the difference between Mr. Buch-
anan's position and the northern Democrats, who
oppose his views? It is this: while the Presi-
dent expected and preferred that the constitution,
as a whole, should have been submitted to the
people, nevertheless he favors admission, as the
only question about which there was.any contro-
versy has been referred to them. Tlfe President
thinks that the convention was legally author-
ized to make a constitution; that it was optional
with the convention to submit any part, or all,
or none of that constitution, except the slavery
clause, contending that the language of the terri-
torial act required the convention to submit the
question of slavery to the people; while those
who differ contend that the language referred to
requires the whole constitution to be submitted to
the people. I am with the President, except that
"while I prefer and rejoice that the slavery ques-
tion has been submitted, yet I do not think that
there is anything in the territorial act obligatory
or imperative. It was entirely optional with the
convention.
This is a representative Government; it is sui
generis; no other nation, either of ancient or mod-
ern times, so perfectly embodies the representa-
tive principle. It is our boast that all power is
inherent in the people, and that our public officers
are at last but our public servants. For conve-
nience and practicability we delegate that power
to chosen ones for specified purposes, to act as our
servants or agents.
Now, there is no rule of law better established,
and the validity of which is more universally ac-
knowledged, than that whatever is done by a duly
and legally-authorized agent, the principal is
bound. It is especially tiuc when applied to our
political polity. Weare emphatically a represent-
ative Government, as before observed. What we
do here in Congress, our constituency, through
us, have done. Weare the medium,so to speak,
through which they communicate one with an-
other, and to the world. Sir, will it be contended
that the convention was not duly authorized to
make a constitution ? The proof is abundant on
that point. They were legally elected; they were
clothed with sovereignty—that sovereignty which
lay dormant or in a residuary form until it was
vitalized by the action of the people, and con-
ferred upon their delegates. It was in their sov-
ereign capacity that they sent this their solemn
organic law for their future government, that we
might in due form initiate her into the great sis-
terhood of States, and that we might bespangle
our banner with another star answering to the
young and virgin State of Kansas. Shall she be
admitted or not upon terms of equality ? The Con-
stitution says that Congress may admit new States
when their form of government is republican.
Have we any option, without doing violence to
the spirit at least of that sacred instrument which
we have all sworn to support?
But to the difference All are in favor of pop-
ular sovereignty in the Territories as declared in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. We think that the
convention embodied this doctrine; that its action
%vas the action of the people. But, says the dis-
tinguished author of the bill of 1854," no, the peo-
ple must speak and vote." Well, the people did
vote; and they declare to us through the conven-
tion, the highest and most authoritative tribunal
through which their wishes can be made known,
that this constitution is the work of their chosen
agents,and therefore their own. Then itbecomesa
question, not, say they, (if we allow to each other
honest motives,) of principle, so much as a ques-
tion of fact. There is no legal information before
Congress that this constitution is not the voice of
the majority of the people of Kansas. We must not
go behind the law or proceed outside of the pale of
the law. We all agree that no men or set of men—
that Congress and the combined powers and ener-
gies of this great Government—can force a system
of laws, a politicd! government, upon the people
of Kansas against their will, without first viofating
the territorial act of 1854, and every principle
which underlies the whole federative system.
In a spirit of kindness, may I not inquire of our
party friends on this floor who differ with us, if
they are not going behind the principle of non-
interference, when they refuse to accept this con-
stitution as it came legally and regularly to them
from the duly constituted tribunal; but propose to
dictate to the people what manner and form shall
be observed in the framing of their own govern-
ment? Call you that leaving it to the people " to
form and regulate their own affairs m their own
way," or would it not be the act of the people in
obedience to the mandatoiy behests of Congress?
Call you that a question not of principle, but only
of fact? Itoccuis to me if we maintain the doc-
trine of non-intervention in full force, and in its
original purity, we must be cautious how we im-
| pose restrictions and make suggestions. It is none
' of our business how the people make their laws,
or what kind of laws are enacted whSn they come
to make a constitution, provided we know that it
is the people, and not a faction, who are acting—
winch we can only know thiough forms of law,
and regular procedure.
The Topeka constitution presented to the last
Congress was a spurious emanation from a still
more spurious and illegal source. It had none of
the sanctions of law and regularity. Not so with
this.
The great wrong to the pro-slavery party of
Kansas has been committed by the negligence of
the South, and by certain men m the South who
have all the time desired that Territory to come
in as a free State, supposing that political capital
could be made thereby for themselves and their
favorite partisan leaders. May not the pro-sla-
very party m Kansas—imitating the example of
the great Roman General, when he was betrayed
by his own friends, and in the agony of death
exclaimed, " ettu, Unite!"—point to certain poli-
ticians of the South whose every effort has been
to consecrate her soil to Abolitionism. For them
there is no excuse, no palliation. They have been
i false to their own section and their o'wn people,
j The position of certain leading politicians in my
j own State has done much to retard the progress
i of our cause in that Territory, by denouncing the
[ Kansas and Nebraska bill. I do not. however,
| allude to my honorable colleagues on this floor,
J especially from the Hermitage and Murfreesboro
j districts, who stood up in 1854, and staked their
: political heads upon their ffealty to principle; they,
j I believe, are the only gentlemen of that party
j who saved their heads in Tennessee; those who
I voted against the bill have been consigned by tile
righteous judgment of an injured people to the
tomb, from whoso sleep of death there'is no res-
urrection. Instead of encouraging the southern
people to remove thither, they have used means
to dam up the streams of southern emigration to
that Territory, thus becoming active and efficient
emissaries of the anti-slavery Emigrant Aid So-
ciety.
Men who were friendly to the establishment of
slavery in Kansas predicted that it could never
go there; that if would not be profitable, and that
the soil and climate forbade it; while quite an-
other set of southern politicians urged, in addi-
tion to the reasons just stated, that there was no
protection to be afiorded the slave owner in hi3
property, and that whoever emigrated thither with
his slave did it at the peril of losing him. How
false are all these predictions and positions ! The
soil, climate, and latitude of a large portion of
Kansas are just the same as that of Missouri;
where I am informed, by gentlemen whose cred-
ibility is beyond cavil or doubt, that the annual
profits of the labor of a negro amount to $500 in
the production of hemp and tobacco; and yet we
are told that slave labor is unprofitable.
As to the danger of losing your slave Ify ab-
duction or escape, the facilities are no greater than
they are in some of the southern States. The
courts of the Territory furnish now all the pro-
tection which the civil authority affords in the
States. These are the arguments originally started
by the Abolitionists, as soon as the Territory was
organized, with the sole view of making it a free
State; and I regret that southern men, prompted
by whatever motive, should have caught them up
and heralded them all over the South, to the det-
riment of the pro-slavery cause. I do not desire
to see slavery by adventitious aid forced into
Kansas, nor do I desire to see it forced out by any
such appliances. In the mean time, Kansas has
been exceedingly unfortunate in her (governors.
I believe, however, that the Governors have been
equally unfortunate; for while they have attempt-
ed to stab Kansas, they in turn have been stabbed;,
and all Abolitionism cannot staunch their wounds.
The soil of Kansas has drank their political blood.
And, as if in order to give the finishing stroke,
Governor Walker has broke upon the country the
startling fact that an isothermal line forever pre-
cluded slavery from the virgin and prolific soil of
Kansas. Such, sir, have been the blunders and
treachery of southern men.
Yet 111 spite of all these difficulties, through fire
and storm, Kansas comes to us with apro-slavery
constitution. She has passed her territorial pu-
pilage—she has conformed to all the requisites of
the law; and may I not be allowed to ask gentle-
men of the Democratic party, how can you refuse
her? Did not the Democratic party go into the
fight in 1850 with this very identical proposition
—that whenever the already mentioned prerequi-
sites should be complied with, that any Territory,
North or South, slave or free, should be admitted
upon terms of perfect equality? Popular sover-
eignty and State equality were emblazoned upon
your banners; they were the household words of
the party—principles as old and as honored as the
Revolution, without the recognition of which this
Union never could have been formed. Truly is
this equality of the States a germ of the Revolu-
tion; its spirit is breathed upon every page of the
Constitution; and not until 1820 was the face of
that charter of rights blurred by drawing for ex-
fcfthncj's sake the black line of the Missouri com-
promise, which fell upon the car of Jefferson
" like a fire-bell at night—as the knell of the
Union."
To efface that black line, by which one half the
States of this Union were placed under the ban
of inequality—an unjust and unconstitutional dis-
crimination against the South—was the mission
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill1; and surely,
since the Sage ofMonticello penned the instrument
which, as a sharp sword, severed the ties that
bound us to British rule, and baptized our infant
colonies in the blood and name of freedom, there
has not been such an offering laid upon the altar
of constitutional liberty. The Leeompton con-
stitution is the result of the Kansas and Nebraska
act; bow strange to see those who stood by the
parent measure m all its days of doubt, vicissi-
tude, and final glorious triumph, now turn their
1 backs upon the legitimate offspring. It is but an-
other one of those unmistakable signs that appear
periodically, but with shorter intervals, upon our
northern political horizon, which admonishes the
South of her rapidly impending fate.
The right of the people to govern themselves,
restrained only by the Federal Constitution,
: whether in State or Territory, though not form-
i ally, is yet practically denied. This great truth
! was the watchword that flashed alotr^ the lines
; of the Democratic army of 1850. Did not the
! Republican party plant themselves as distinctly
; upon the principle that no more slave States should
ever be admitted into this Confederacy? These
were the banners, with their inscnntions. under
