2860
the congressional 'globe.
June 9,
as metal rusts and wood decays. The
you have in your Navy will decay. They will
get out of otder. The fashions of them pass
away, and you have to build others to take their
places. This is no war measure. It is to put our
Navy on a footing of respectability. It is a meas-
ure of economy, and I hope the American Con-
gress will come up and vote it through with a
strong and decided vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HATCH. I propose to amend by pro-
viding for four additional mail steamers for ser-
vice on the northwestern lakes.
* The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to an amendment pending, and this, being an
amendment in the third degree, is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia be
amended?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
cannot.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 'Then suppose there
are those here who want twenty ships instead of
ten ?
The CHAIRMAN. Vote this down, and they
can put in twenty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But I would rather
have ten than five, and this is forcing me to vote
against my wish.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I give notice tlmt
I intend to offer an amendment providing for an
additional number, of lighter draught.
Mr. MJLLSON. The practice hag been very
varied in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on this very point, and I should like
the decision of the present occupant of the chair
upon it. 1 know it is sometimes held that the
Senate amendments are to be regarded as amend-
ments. It has, however, been held more fre-
quently, I believe, that the Senate amendments
are to be regarded as the text. I submit the ques-
tion of order, and wish to have it decided by the
Chair, one way or another.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Page 123 of the
Manual, I think, disposes of that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
original text is the House bill. It went to the'
Senate, and has been amended. It came back in
the nature of a motion to amend. The gentleman
from Virginia proposes to amend that amend-
ment. That amendment is in the second degree,
and the Chair holds that no further amendment
is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, if we adopt
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, ;
the amendment thus amended is open to amend- 1
ment? I presume that is the ruling of the Chair. !
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will be j
then oppn to amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, there is no '
difficulty about the question. The proposition is
to strike out and insert. 1 call for a division of
the question, which will be to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules of the
House, it is not divisible; but if the motion to 1
.strike out rind jnscit fails, another motion can be i
maire to strike out and insert something else.
Mr,- GIDDINGS. [ oppose tbe amendment '
because it evidently an attempt to depiive the
lakes and rivers of their shaie of the war. If you ;
v;i!l give us our share of it, we will take it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i suggest to my col-
league that he should mo\c to strike out merely, ,
sm that we can move to insert afterwards. I fear, 1
if we put in ten, we shall not be able to put in
twenty afterwards. 1
Mr. JOHM COCHRANE. I give notice that ,
I have an amendment which I intend to offer for :
the construction of ten more vessels of lighter '
draught. :
Toilers were ordered on Mr. Bocotk's amend- ;
and Messrs. Avery and Joiix Cochrane ,
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
— ayes 91, noes 43.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. I
Mr. HATCH. I offer the following amend-
ment: [
In line ten, after the wordsChina seas," insert the fol- j
lowing: • ;
And tour additional war steamer*, foi vieo on the north-
western lake--, a-> to -Mv.e within the limitation of the ueatv
between ihe United States and Great Dinain.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to my friend and ■
colleague that he offer his amendment as an ad-
ditional provision, and not to incorporate it in the
other amendment, so that each may stand by it-
self.
Mr. HATCH. Mr. Chairman, it is quite im-
material to me whether tl^3 amendment is incor-
porated or voted on separately for the purpose I
have in view. I have no desire to occupy the
time of the committee in discussing this amend-
ment. I have heard many war speeches in this
House.
I shall not stop to inquire whether we are going
to have any war or not. If war is impending and
necessary to defend our national honor, the brave
men of the West and of the northern frontier, as
in 1812, wiil be ready, and my own frontier con-
stituency will not be particular about the cause of
war, if an opportunity is again presented to avenge
traditional wrongs against their old enemy. We
want no more Anglo-American protectorates on
vthis continent. The Clayton-Bulwer treaty, that
bungling piece of American diplomacy, must be
abrogated. We must maintain the Monroe doc-
trine of " non-interference " frorhall the world with
any of the institutions or soil of this continent.
Cuba will be ours, as were Louisiana and Florida,
when the allied Powers forced upon us the issue
for self-preservation. England must surrender
Roatan, and turn her protruding bloodshot eye
from Cuba. But, su, my object was not to discuss
these war questions, but mainly to maintain the
equal and constitutional rights of the West in all
that relates to their internal commerce, their mili-
tary and naval protection; and so long as I occupy
a seat upon this floor, and it is asked that the for-
tifications on the Atlantic coast shall be increased,
so long shall I ask, as one of the Representatives
of the lake States, that the fortifications upon their
coast shall be repaired and puf in order, and that
the naval force, which the treaty between the two
countries allows us upon these lakes, shall be put
in active service. If they want sloops-of-war and
Dahlgren guns on the Atlantic coast, and even in
the China seas, we want them on the lake coast,
and I hope they will be voted. We ask in the
Northwest that our harbors may be repaired and
improved, and our channels cleared for the move-
ment of naval forces to and from our inland seas.
If you do this, we will dispense, for the present,
with your gun-boats; for we have a lake marine
that is abundantly able to take care of the com-
mon defense. If you do not improve our harbors
and open our national channels, then the least that
this Government can do, is to give equal naval
protection to the inland coast that it does to the
A flan tie coast. We have an inland coast equal m
national importance, as it is in extent, to the sea-
coast. The tnuie and commerce of the lakes sup-
ply over half of the revenue of this Government.
We, who bear so heavily the buiden of Govern-
ment—are we, sir, to share in none of the bless-
ings of Government?
If there is to be an inorease of our Navy, why
should not some war vessels be got ready for the
piotection of our immense lake regions? The
French war of 1750, the war of the American Rev-
olution in 1776. the war of 1812, were all fought
on these inland seas, and in the bordering country.
Who can say that the theater of our future wars
is to be changed ?
Every man knows, Mr. Chairman, that the
most illustrious naval victories in tins country
were achieved upon our northern lakes. Every
man knows that peace was secured by those vic-
tories on the northern lakes.
The great battle of New Orleans occurred after
the fact of peace was already fixed by these naval
victories.
I do not want to detain the committee with any
great^array of facts. Intelligent men know how
vast is our inland commerce. We ought to have
some consideration at the hand of this Govern-
ment, and the postponement of our equal rights
will only add to our claims, and increase our po-
litical and numerical supremacy in the West to
enforce them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. KEITT. Mr. Chairman,the publicmind
is inflamed by British aggressions upon our flag
and commerce in the Gulf of Mexico; and the
popular henrtisanswering back toexcited appeals
to the resentment and pnde of the country. In
the piesent inflammable state of the political at-
mosphere, the smallest indiscretion may lead to
an embittered and disastrous war. I know very
well that oftentimes popular legislative bodies are
scarcely more removed from the heats of mere
irritation and exci tement than unorganized masses
of men, rocked by impulse and unchecked by re-
sponsibilities. This liability, this proneness to
excitation, this sympathy with popular ardor, I
have seen but recently, both in this House and in
the Senate. Sir, if it do not lead to disastrous
results, I shall not regret it; for I would rather
see too much zeal than too little zeal. The safety
of a nation is the great concern of its legislators;
and the safety of a nation lies in its honor. Self-
respect is the foundation of the civic virtues in an
individual or a people; and it can only be pre-
served by preserving untouched the honor of the
one or the other. To maintain the honor and pre-
serve the safety of the country I cheerfully voted,
this morning, for the ten sloops-of-war. I will
vote now, or hereafter, whatever may be needed
for this purpose.
But, sir, I see no necessity for a resort to im-
mediate hostilities. It is true that international
law has been violated, and our rights invaded, by
the recent outrages upon our flag and our vessels,
committed by British cruisers in the waters of the
Gulf; but a sufficient acknowledgment and rep-
aration for these offensive acts may be made by
Great Britain; at least, it is due to her, to our-
selves, to the peace and civilization of the world,
that we should give her the opportunity to make
such acknowledgmentand reparation. Sir,awar
now between Great Britain and the United States
will be internecine; it will involve the peace, the
progress, and the civilization of the world, in its
tremendous consequences; it will, for ages to come,
eclipse free institutions on the continent of Eu-
rope. Shall we invite or invQke such a conflict,
without all the forms and ceremonies and solem-
nities which should inaugurate it? Never, sir,
with my consent
But 1 never will consent to submit to the right
of search or visitation of our vessels in time of
peace. This right must be relinquished by Great
Britain, or rather its exercise must be relinquished,
or war with her is inevitable. The distinction
between the right of search and visitation is purely
fanciful. The latter is the graft of modern diplo-
macy upon the effete body of the former. Visit-
ation can only be carried out by the means and in
the manner which constitute search. The differ-
ence between them is utterly unsubstantial, and
is only one of the tricks of a cunning diplomacy.
1 maintain that the right of search or visitation is
a purely belligerent right. As such, only, is it
claimed by all the writers on public law. Gro-
tius, Bernstoff, Bynkershoek, Merlin, all claim it
merely as one of the rights of war. No writer on
international law, nojudicial decision, puts it upon
any other ground. In any other aspect it has
always been resisted by the most civilized and
powerful nations of modern Europe. France has
resisted it from the time of Ctueen Elizabeth. Gro-
tius, in the third book and first chapter of hia
Regulas Generates ex Jure JVaJurce, says:
Upon the peace of Vervain, made ivith the Spaniard,
whilst Queen Elizabeth of England persisted in the war,
the Fieneh were requested by the English to allow their
vessels poms to Spain to be visited, for fear, perchance, mu-
muonsof war mieht be concealed in them; but not even
this would Uiey„peimit, sajing that it might be perverted
mro a pretext for spoliations, and for the interruption of
cornmeice.*'
Great Britain, too, has denied and resisted this
right. Sho forbade the Netherlands, flagrante
hello, visiting her vessels. Her very treaty stipu •
lauons deny and repudiate this right. In the fifth
article of the treaty between Great Britain and
Portugal, July 28,1817,provision is made for the
prevention of illicit traffic, by authorizing the na-
vies of each, under instructions, to visit suspected
merchant vessels; but it is limited by the fourth
article, which declares—
" That no Portuguese merchantman or slave ship, onowv
pretense whatever, shall be detained, which shall be found
anywhere neat the land, or on thehi h sea?, south of tue
equator, unless after a chase commenced noith of the
equator."
Great Britain, in this treaty with a weak and
feeble dependent—for Portugal was such—admits
that the right of search or visitation is a conven-
tional, not a natural right.
The waters of Portugal are sacred; the. jurisdic-
tion of Portugal is supreme; and yet our waters
are dishonored by her war ships, and our juris-
diction is insulted by her officers. From our own
