1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1837
. diers of the army of Great Britain, and are not
to be judged by the same rule.
Nor can the Constitution be invoked to prohibit
this Congress from granting money to pay the
soldiers. It is proposed to be given as an evidence
of the appreciation of the country for their ser-
vices, and as an incentive to chivalric and gen-
erous patriotism upon the part of the people of
the country.
The first proposition is, has the country the
means or capacity to pay the pensions which this
bill proposes to pay ? It has been said by the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cdrry] that our
expenses have already run up enormously. He
has given us a frightful picture of the extrava-
gance of the Government—that the Treasury is
well nigh bankrupt, while the appropriations
are enormous; that they have increased from
#13,000,000, under the Adams administration, to
now nearly eighty million dollars per annum.
The picture painted by the gentleman from Ala-
bama is, I am sorry to say, lamentably true.
The gentleman from Alabama has informed
Vis that this Government may be administered, if
economy and prudence are practiced, for an ex-
pense not exceeding thirty million dollars per an-
num. I suppose that may be true. I presume my
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] would say
that that is too much. I should say about fifty
million dollars a year would be all-sufficient.
Well, sir, if we take the advice of the gentle-
man from Alabama, and reduce the expenses
of the Government to a reasonable standard, we
shall have abundant means on hand to pay the
aggregate amount which this bill proposes to give
to these meritorious men. The expense of print-
ing, the large increase of the contingent fund, the
expenses of the Army, and the expenses of every
Department of the Government can, and ought to
be, reduced, and but a small portion of the reduc-
tion which ought to take place would furnish the
means to meet the provisions of this bill.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman who opened the
debate upon this bill placed it upon two grounds.
It is the policy of this Government to look upon
its citizens as the palladium of its liberties. The
citizens of the country form the army of the coun-
try. Our service is a volunteer service. It is a
eervice voluntarily bestowed upon the country to
protect it from foreign aggression or from intestine
commotion. We do not look upon our citizens as
serving for mere gain, as pressed into the service
by draft to support the Government for mercenary
motives. On the contrary—if the Government is to
continue—we look upon our citizen soldiers as
those on whom we can rely in the hourof difficulty
and peril, because of their gallantry, and of their
love of country. So long as the liberties of the
country rest upon them, they rest upon a. firm
basis. But because the citizen soldierdoes notact
from mercenary motives, does it follow that when
he has served his country faithfully, when he has
saved it from agfgresssion, after he has conquered
the foreign foe, after he has protected the peace
of the country from insurrection, that we should
give him no evidence in his declining years that
the country appreciates his services, and appre-
ciates his valor displayed upon the battle-field?
It is upon that ground that this bill is based.
Mr. Chairman, the war of 1812 has been called
the second war of independence. And why was
it so called? Why has it been so denominated ?
It was because it was a war waged against Great
Britain, in order to protect the sovereignty of this
country. It was a war waged against Great Brit-
ain to maintain the rights of this country; to rec-
ognize the right of foreigners to expatriate them-
selves, and to transfer their allegiance to our flag.
Great Britain denied the right of any person to
transfer his allegiance from that crown to this
country. That was the cause of the war. Great
Britain denied our sovereignty and our independ-
ence, and formed ail alliance against us with the
Indian savages of our north western and western i
borders. These gallant men had to contend against I
such foes. They had to meet the British soldier j
and the Indian savage. And for their services,)
what was the pay then given to them? For all i
their toils, their sufferings, their valor, the pay j
of the private soldier was eightdollars per month, j
Was that any compensation to these men? !
Are there any here from Kentucky who remem-;
ber the commencement of the war of 1812? If j
there are, they will remember how eagerly the i
volunteers rushed to the standard of the United
States. They will remember the surrender of
Hull and the disasters which befell our arms.
They can recall the partings of brothers and sis-
ters, and wives and husbands, and fathers and
mothers and sons. Did those fathers, sons, and
brothers go for the pay of eig;ht dollars a month;
or did they go to wipe out, in the blood of the
foe, the disgrace of Hull's surrender and other
defeats ? They were moved by patriotic motives,
and by none other. They went to the war; and,
fighting bravely against British soldier and In-
dian savage, they conquered an honorable peace.
Not only did they secure an honorable peace, but
they secured th^erritory out of which have been
carved some of the northwestern States, which
have now Representatives upon this floor and in
the other House. They humbled the haughty
arrogance of British power, and drove back the
savages from our northwestern and western fron-
tiers. Since then millions have flowed into the
United States Treasury from the sales of the
lands which they recovered from the grasp of the
savage. This was done by the citizen soldiery
who now come with their, petitions asking that
Congress shall soothe their declining years by
affording them the pittance of a pension pro-
vided by this bill in addition to the pittance of
their monthly pay given them at the time of the
war—praying to the Representatives of the peo-
ple that they shall not be allowed to suffer from
penury and want in the midst of the wealth and
prosperity of that country for which they fought.
Shall their prayer be rejected? They are few in
number; but, few or many, they deserve this ac-
knowledgment at our hands.
Mr. Chairman, it has been stated here to-day
that the estimates of the number of bounty land
warrants given is a true ground to ascertain the
number of pensioners under this bill. I deny
that it is. Every gentleman who will reflect for
a moment will see that it is a delusive basis for
an estimate. Bounty land warrants were given
to those who had been mustered into service;
those who had been in service only for fourteen
days. In my own State of Missouri I know of
at least three thousand citizens who have received
bounty land warrants, yet who would not receive
a pension under this bill. In the Indian cam-
paigns, in the Indian scouts, as they are termed
in the West, citizens gather together hastily for
mutual protection, serve for a short time, and re-
turn to their fields. Nobody supposes that these
will receive any pension under this bill. They
certainly are notprovided for. Those who served
in the Black Hawk war, in the Florida war, in
the Mexican war, and in the Seminole war, are
proposed to be included; but they are attempted
to be embraced in the bill by those who wish to
embarrass its passage.
Mr. COBB. I would like the gentleman to state
the authority upon which he makes the statement
that those amendments are offered to embarrass
the bill? I myself have suggested amendments
for those who were in the Florida war. I propose
to include those who served in the Mexican war,
as I had forgotten to include them in the amend-
ment of which £ have already given notice. I ;
offered that amendment, and intend to sustain it. !
Now, upon what does the gentleman found his '
opinion that these amendments are proposed in !
order to embarrass the bill?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was not aware
the gentleman moved the amendment to which he
refers. I will give him my reasons for making
the statement which I have made. Before an-
swering him, I will ask him a question. Will
the gentleman vote for the bill ?
Mr. COBB. I will, if it be amended and put
in proper form.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If the soldiers of
the Mexican war and the Seminole war be pro-
videdforin the bill, will the gentleman vote forit?
Mr. COBB. If it be otherwise properly amended
1 will.
Mr. ELLIOTT. The youngest of the soldiers
of the war of 1812 must be sixty years of age,
and I do not see what analogy can be shown be-
tween the soldiers of the war of 1812 and those
of the Mexican war, by arguing that the soldiers
of the Mexican war should also be pensioned.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will answer the !j
gentleman from Alabama. He asks me by what |j
right I made the statement that the amendments ||
to this bill are proposed to embarrass its passage ?
I made that statement first, for the reason that
those who offer them are opponents of this meas-
ure.
Mr. COBB. I would like to know hew the gen-
tleman knows that?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. My next reason
is, that those who will claim under these amend-
ments are not entitled to the consideration that
those are who are provided for by the bill; and
no sensible man, regardful of the Treasury of the
country, would commit such a waste of public
money as to give pensions to the former. There-
fore it is that I say that those who introduced
such a proposition have no other purpose than to
embarrass the bill.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will give me five
minutes I will explain. •
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a question of order.
I contend that the gentleman from Missouri shall
not be interrupted.
Mr. COBB. I am dealing with the gentleman
from Missouri, and not with the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. KELLY. I object to this interruption.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was proceeding,
when interrupted, to show that the conclusion of
the Pension Office, from the number of land war-
rants issued, was no guide to the number of pen-
sioners under this bill, for the reason, as I stated
before, that the la w authorizing the issue of bounty
land warrants included all who had been in the
service as long as fourteen days, whether they
had been in battle or not. This bill includes none
except those who have served three months, or
who had been in actual battle. The war with
Mexico, the Seminole war, the Florida war, and
all the Indian wars, down to the passage of this
bill, are included in former pension laws. The
present bill only includes such as served in the
war of 1812, ana in Indian wars during that pe-
riod. How long is it since then ? Forty-five years
have elapsed since that war ended. How many
of the gallant soldiers of the war of 1812, engaged
either against the British or against the Indians,
are now living ?
Thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.Savage,]
the mover of this proposition, gave to the com-
mittee the other day a calculation based upon such
facta as could be ascertained, showing that in all
probability there cannot at this day be living more
than seventeen thousand old soldiers who would
be entitled to the benefits of this act.
Mr. CURRY. I wish tocorrectthe gentleman.
The estimates made as to the amount of pensions
involved in this bill, drawn fiom the number of
land warrants issued, did not apply to any land
warrants issued except for service in the war of
1812"
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was saying that
the gentleman's estimate shows that the number
of soldiers living could not exceed seventeen thou-
sand. What may be the number of widows who
would be entitled to the benefits of this act, we
cannot state; but I suppose that one half of the
number I have mentioned would be a liberal cal-
culation. On this basis, then, it is easy to cal-
culate what amount of money will be necessary
to execute this law. Sir, it is but a mere pit-
tance. It is but a little more than is expended by
this House for the printing. It is not as much
as is expended for your line of ocean steamers,
which is unnecessary for this Government. Pro-
vide this pension, and the Government would be
enhanced m theestimation of the Christian world;
its character would be preserved, and its policy
would be strengthened.
I want to say a word or two in regard to those
who have been engaged in Indian wars. All who
are familiar with the history of the country know
that in 1812 all our western frontier, including
Indiana, Illinois, Missouri and Arkansas, was
subject to Indian depredations. Our country
was surrounded, from Tippecanoe westward and
northward, with bands of savage foes, aided and
supported by the British Crown, and in alliance
with the British authorities. The gallant and
brave pioneers who settled that poi Hon of our
country had to protect their own settlements by
their own arms, to a great extent. They are pro-
vided for by this bill. In the State of Missouri,
which I have the honor, in part, to repiesent, I
have constituents, a portion of whom, in 181~,
lived contiguous to forts erected by their own
