1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751'
and Americanize Central America, as though the
North did not have free territory enough.
Empires have been acquired by southern valor
and a common treasure, and consecrated to the !
free society and institutions of theNorth;and yet I
abolitionism, or Black Republicanism, would fain j
deny to the South any outlet for the expansion of ]
slavery, but would confmc it and manacle it in a \
limited area, that it might in the process of time j
bring incalculable and incurable woe upon the I
South. _ _ I
New Englanders Americanize Central America J
—engage in pursuits requiring active manual labor
and exertion, under the burning rays of that trop-
ical sun !
You tell us that the climate and soil of the
northern States forbjd slavery within your limits.
We believe it; and are willing that you may enjoy
your own views to the fullest extent. But these
same laws require and demand slave labor in the
South; the law of making money looms up in bold
relief, and points the devotee of Mammon to slave
labor in that country. African slavery is destined
- to fill up the neglected and deserted wastes of Cen-
tral America; and if Yankees go there, they may
depend upon having to live beneath the shadow of
that institution. The unbending law of necessity
demands it. You may depopulate !Nrew England,
and pour the stream of emigration as an avalanche
upon that soil, as the Northmen overran Britain;
and a few sickly winds, with a vertical sun, will
expel every white man from the field of active
manual labor. It is only the negro, whose phys- :
ical constitution enables him to dig the exuberant :
soil of that country. White men may, and mmt, ;
direct his labors; for a community of civilized '
negroes, making their own laws, and controlling j
their own government, is unknown to the political ;
economist or statesman. White men must gov- '
ern and control that miserable, stolid, ignorant '
race of people, who are, and ever will be, unfit for :
the arts of American civilization, if left alone to
work out the problem of their destiny. A hybrid,
mixed race, of all kinds of blood, color, language-
Indian, African, Mexican, Malay—mingling and ■
vegetating in inglorious emasculation and degen-1
eracy, upon a soil that might, by a proper system j
of government and culture, be made to " bloom j
and blossom as the rose." A thousand anti-slavery j
emigrant aid societies cannot prevent the intro-
duction of African slavery into that beautiful, but1
neglected land.
The annexation of Nicaragua or any of the '
Central American States to this country, either as '
States or Territories, is a proposition foreign to J
my present inquiry. :
It surely is a matter of the deepest moment to
all our varied interests, commercial, foreign, and :
domestic, that the Monroe doctrine be enforced ,
strictly in Central America. England has been
watching and looking on with a lustful eye. We !
owe it to ourselves that no European Government 1
be allowed to establish a protectorate in that coun-
try, or exercise in any way civil or political 1
authority.
General Cass, in a recent letter (21st May last) ;
to a Walker meeting in New York, lays bare the j
designs of England in the following significant j
language. He says: '
" A new day, I hope, is opening upon the States of Ceil- i
tral America. If we aie true to our duty they will soon be I
freed Aom alldanyer of European mfencie nee, and «ill Jmvo ;
a security in their own power a&xm- t the ambitious d^sicii*? i
of England far better than Clajton-Buhver treaties or any
other diplomatic machinery by which a spirit of agaic&Mon 1
'-ought to be concealed till circumstances are leady fot .
active operation."
We have had quite enough of meddlesome in- ■
terference by Great Britain upon both American
waters and upon this continent. She has entered 1
into solemn treaty with Spain with the sole pur-
pose of preventing this Government from purchas- .
ing Cuoa. She has freed the black population m .
Jamaica, to the infinite joy of the Abolitionists in
this country; and yet she enslaves the natives of
India, and actually proposes to the French Empe- :
ror to furnish, through the agency of the East In-
dia Company, the prisoners of war who have been t
captured by the British army, to the people of ;
France, to be worked and controlled as appren- ,
ticed slaves. She marauds the world over. She
is obstructing our interests in every way she can
devise in Central America. But the other day, in
offering to aid Commodore Paulding in his seizure
of Walker, she was guilty of an interference which '
was, in spirit at least, violative of the Monroe doc-
trine. The South owes it to her future independ-
ence and safety, that neither England or northern
abolitionism, the one more than the other, or both
together, be allowed to interfere in any manner
whatever with Central America, Mexico, or any
of the isles of the southern ocean.
. The importance of the Americanization of Cen-
tral Amei ica is growing daily; but we want bone
of the aid of New England's puritanical Aboli-
tionists; still less do we want the scheme of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] put m
operation—the establishment of a second St. Do-
mingo and Jamaica upon our southern border.
Nor do we need the gratuitous assistance of Eng-
land or any other European Power; let it be the
work of the South, as it is the geographical and
legitimate direction for the expansion of her own
and similar institutions. Certainly in those per-
ilous days to the property rights and institutions
of our fifteen southern States, when the lava-tide
of Abolitionism is slowly but surely encroaching
upon us, we could not be indifferent to seeing a
neighboring country bordering so closely upon
our southern limit, affecting our domestic as well
as our commercial polity, as she emerges from the
misty cloud of semi-barbarism into the full-orbed
splendor of civilization, build up the same kind of
institutions, based upon the same foundation and
having a common interest and sympathy with and
for each other; and when the time shall come—if
come it will—and God grant it may never come,
when all equality between these States shall be
obliterated, when the unwelcome dilemma foices
itself upon the men of the South, either to yield
the spirits and rights of freeman and become sub-
stantially the colonial and vassal tributaries to sup-
port and enrich an aggressive central Power, or to
assert those rights as becomes the sons of worthy
sires, we shall not hesitate to elect between the
alternatives.
But while I will not close my eyes to the danger
and evil that threaten and impend upon our future
pathway as a nation, I yet trust that " the sober
second thought" may prevail, and that the honor
of the South may yet be vindicated by the north-
ern Democracy, t can never forget the gallan-
try and self-sacrificing devotion to principle that
they displayed in the uneven hand-to-hand fight
of 1856; with what heroic firmness they met the
assaults made upon the rights of the South;
how they made our cause, and the cause of the
Union, their cause. But for the efforts of northern
Democrats, the coordinate branch of this Govern-
ment, the present venerable Executive—wise, just,
patriotic and firm—we should in his stead have;
had a Black Republican regime inaugurated afsd
established ; whose unconstitutional and sectional
policy, if it had not rent the nation in twain, and
lit up the fires of civil war, would have dispirited
the hopes of the patriot, and alienated the affec-
tions of the people to the Government to perhaps
an irremediable degree. If you would have us
continue to cherish a holy regard for this Union,
we must be treated as equals. The cohesive
principle of this Union is not force; it is rather
the opposite; it is mutual love and forbearance;
claiming no superiority and acknowledging no in-
feriority, either as citizens or as States.
Sir, in Tennessee wc are imbued not with the
love of section only, but of our section m the
Union under the Constitution. I have an abiding
confidence m the ultimate justice and good faith |
of the northern Democracy, and that, as a party, !
they will continue to stand by the Constitution, '
in all its sanctity and integrity. When, in the can-1
vassof JSjG, southern men were tremblingly list- j
eningfor the result of the election in the old Key- i
stone, as the arani-courzer heralded it over the |
land, it broke upon the great southern heart, over- ;
whelming it with gratitude. It was a noble spec- j
tacle to see the Democracy of Pennsylvania rising i
above the sectional jealousies of her latitude, and 1
boldly stemming the turbid stream of fanaticism, j
and rescuing from threatening rum the argosy j
upon wha'h the memories of our nation and its j
future hopes are freighted, in the election of her ;
favorite son, the evidence of whose patriotism, ;
fidelity, and cipacity is a record service of near j
half a century. Indiana, New Jersey, Illinois, (
and California nobly offered themselves upon the ;
altar ofthe constitutional rights of the Stares;and |
though the Democracy in the remaining northern j
States were overborne by superiority of numbers, 1
still they stood like a rock in the midst of the
ocean, overwhelmed but unmoved by the conflict-
ing surges that lashed it in ceaseless disorder, I
trust the northern Democracy will continue tu do
us justice; if they desert—then is the South with-
out hope.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] who addressed the committee a day or two
since, boldly proclaimed that he was in favor of
a sectional candidate for the Presidency in 1860.
I trust that sentiment does not find a response in
the breast of any other Representative from the
North, who calls himself a Democrat. He should
attach himself to the party to which his princi-
ples have affinity.
My faith is strong in the northern Democracy.
Sir, we have tried northern Whiggery, and,
although there are names connected with that
party's history, who adorned its and the country's
escutcheon; and there are a few gallant spirits,
even living, whose cffulgence shines in upon the
waste of darkness that encompasses its memory,
like the light of the fire-fly of the tropics, which
only makes the darkness the blacker still: still the
serried ranks of that party, once led with the
prestige of a Webster in the North, and frenzied
in days of old to very madness, by the heaven-
touched tongue of Clay, was time and again deci-
mated by the sirocco breath of anti-slavery, until
those chieftains saw, in the bitterness of their
hearts, in their declining years, their old Whig
flag hauled down, and the black banner of Aboli-
tionism hoisted in its stead.
The American party next appeared upon the
tapis, and strutted for a brief hour upon the po-
litical stage; but it, too, becamc imbued with the
fell spirit of Abolitionism, and its northern wing
has entered that maelstrom whose circling wave
ever tends downward and to the center.
With the sad fate of these parties before our
eyes, will the national Democracy plunge head-
long into an abyss from which there is no extri-
cation? I trust not. By its past history, its present
strong position, and the future glory that awaits
it, if it but be true to itself, I trust not. Somehow or
other I am impressed that this Union cannot sur-
vive very long the dismemberment of the Demo-
cratic party. It has survived the downfall of the
parties I have just mentioned. They were built
upon sandy foundations, and when the storm-cloud
of sectionalism broke upon them they fell. It has
survived the dismemberment of all the churches,
except the Calvinistic Baptists; Puritan philan-
thropists of New England cannot sit at the table
of the Lord with slave owners. Be it so; we can
bear all that so long as the Democratic party, the
great conservator of the Constitution, stillatands;
with its ranks, though thinned, we shall still have
sufficient force to overcome the enemies of our
constitutional rights. But how long will the evil
day stay away, when the Union of our fathers
and their Constitution shall become a mockery .
and a curse? But little longer, 1 fear, than the
dismemberment and destruction of the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. Chairman, the drama which is now being
played, in which wc all arc actors, and which
soon must close, will either gild our prospects
with a bright and joyous future; or may drop a
curtain, the blackness of which will enshroud in
gloom the patriot's hope for the nation's weal.
Admit Kansas with the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and peace will again return to a distracted
land, and once more spread her azure wings over
a free, contented,and happy people. Reject ber,
and it is not for me to say what course Tennessee
will or ought to adopt—how far she may pay
deference and acknowledge her obligations to her
sisters of the South; but whatever her honor de-
mands of her, that will she do; and being born
and nurtured upon her generous bosom , and hav-
ing been honored witli her confidence in various
posts of public service, " let fate do her worst,"
I will stand by her, lo, even unto the end r
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Il-
linois will give way for a moment—and I know
no gentleman of whom I could better ask the cour-
tesy—I desire to present a petition in relation to
the appointment of chaplains for the Army and
Navy.
Several Members. You cannot present a peti-
tion in committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought I might get it in
