2862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
even to battle, and upon which America is justly
committed to no further word of negotiation. Sir,
consider, for a moment, the daily swelling cata-
logue of the wrongs wrought upon our commerce,
and upon our country. At Hayti, our consul
is insulted and imprisoned. In San Domingo,
the miserable factions contend upon everything,
only to unite in the pursuit of American vessels.
Scores of merchantmen are invaded by the hostile
foot of an English cruiser's captain in the port of
Sagua la Grande. The fleets of our commerce
which cover our southern waters, are in full flight
through the straits of Florida, over the Gulf of
Mexico; and still pursued by the avenging Styx
and tjie blundering Buzzard, they crowd the Yu-
catan channel, and like a bevy of frightened birds
escape into the Caribbean sea. A few short years
since saw the fluvial liberties of the Argentine
Confederation oppressed in the bales of the Amer-
ican merchant, and American honor violated in
the invasion by Paraguay of the Water Witch.
We double the Cape, and Chile is busy with the
capture of an American vessel, and with an affront
offered to our minister. At Panama, extraordi-
nary vigilance is necessary for the protection of
our commerce, while whole cargoes arc forcibly
unloaded from American bottoms at Tampico,
and devoted to the warlike purposes of the petty
military chieftains who distract and oppress that
afflicted country.
it is not simply redress, sir, that should he
sought; it is protection that is required. On the
coast of Africa, our vessels are greater in number
than those of any other country; on the coast of
Brazil, they equal those of any other country. In
the Gulf, they exceed those of all other countries;
and they cover with their sails the broad expanse
of the Pacific. It is, sir, to protect this extended
commerce that these war-steamers are required.
Naturally apprehensive, and easdy intimidated,
as are the impulses of traffic, they require the as-
surance of the national arm; they can freely ex-
pand only behind the banner of an efficient Navy.
Nor are these impulses meanly to be attributed to
the greed of gain, or to the sordid ambition of ma-
terial accumulation. Sir, they move those mes-
sengers which speed over the earth burdened with
the enterprise and the products of American in-
dustry. From them arc derived the tall admiral,
the deeply-loaded argosy, the imperial steamer,
thatlloat m every roadstead and distribute through
the whole world the beneficence of American
commerce, and the proud reputation of the Amer-
ican Republic. The influence of our institutions
proceeds in the channels of commerce; and he who
would most readily quench their light had b^st
close those channels and shackle that commerce.
And yet, gentlemen are found who hesitate at
commercial protection,and sneer at eveiy propo-
sition by winch it may be accomplished; who
laugh to scorn the advice of senatorial wisdom,
and deride all effort by the Representatives of the
people to pronounce upon 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. 1 am opposed to this amendment;
for, if it is proposed as a war measure, it is cer-
tainly inadequate, and, as a peace measure, I re-
gard it as unnecessary. I am opposed to all these
efforts to create a war fever until we have official
information, through the proper channels of this
Government, that the flag of our counti y has been
insulted, or the rights of American citizens vio-
lated. When the President of the United States
shall inform us that this is the ease, by any na-
tion upon the face of the earth, and that that na-
tion refuses reparation, then it will be time for
Congress to take action in vindication of the honor
of the country and the integutyof 1'sflag. Then
let us, if the circumstances justify it, declare war;
and not leave that power to the discietion of any
man, to be exercised at his whim or cnpi ice. Till
that time, why attempt to fan a war fever by pan-
dering to the baser passions of human nature, in
order to create political capital for the benefit of
any individual or party? Whenever an injury
s hall be done to Amenean citizens by any nation,
and that nation refuses reparation, I trust this
} louse will be prompt in its action, and that the
Republic will teach the world, as it lus on three
occasions in its history, that the rights of Amer-
ican citizens are not to be violated with impunity.
As to the troubles which have occurred m the
Gulf, I have no idea that the British Government
will take a different position from that which she
took in 1841, in the communication of Aberdeen to
Secretary Everett. If she shall disavow the action
of her officers in the Gulf, and make reparation
for whatever injury has been done, that is all we
should ask.
Is it not proper that this Government, before
takinsr precipitate action, should know whether
the officers who are charged with committing these
injuries have been acting under the orders of their
Government, and what the injuries are that they i
have committed, and whether such injuries are \
justified or repudiated by the British Govern- !
ment r Since the slave trade was declared piracy I
by this and other civilized nations, the flag of our ;
country has been in some cases used byinterestcd '
parties to protect the traffic. Difficulties have oc- ]
curred heretofore in cases of suspected vessels, in j
order to ascertain whether the vessel was what its |
flag indicated. The English Government, while J
claiming the right to ascertain the nationality of j
a vessel suspected of being engaged in that trade, i
does not claim, as I understand the case, the right
to search or detain an American vessel. Aber- ;
deen, in his dispatch to Mr. Everett, dated 20th j
December, 1841, (vol. 8, Sen. Ex. Doc. first ses- ■
'• sion Twenty-Ninth Congress,) says:
| " The sole purpose of the Bmish ciuisers. is to ascertain
! ■ whether the vessels they meet with aie really Amenean or
i' nor. The nght asserted has, in tiuth, no resemblance to the
,, right o! seaieh either iu ptnieiple or in practice, it is stm- :
j ply a right to satisfy the party who has a Ultimate interest •
; in knowing thy tiuth, that the vessel act'jallvis what her
i colors announce. Thisright ice concede as freely as we ex- 1
I1 ercise. The Bnush cruisers are not instructed to detain
j i American vessels under any circumstances whatever ; on the j
:l contrary, they aic ordered to abstain fiom all mteiieience ,
j i with them, be they slavers or otherwise.3' j
l [ +• ■< " *"* * > * * + * *
lj "It is undoubtedly true that this right may be abased, !
jj like e\ery other which is delegated to many and different j
|, hands. It is possible that it may be exercised wantonly and j
' j vexatiously ; and should this be the eas«, it would not only i
,! call for remonstrance, but would justify resentment. This, j
however, is in the highest degree improbable; and if, in j
; spite of tiie utmost caution, an en or should be committed,
and any Amenran ve-ce) should suffer lo*s and injury, it
,; would be lol lowed by pronnd, and ample rcp(x,ation.
"The undersigned begs to repeat, that, with American
I, vessels, whateicr be their destination, British causers have
j! no pretensions in an> mannei to interfere.5'
j In this dispatch Aberdeen says, that though
l; vessels may be engaged in the slave trade, Eng-
ii land does not propose to interfere with them if
jj they be actually American vessels, or have Amer-
i ican papers. Now, if that doctrine is held by
the British Government to-day—and I know of
■ no official renunciation of it—and any injury has
; been done to Ameiif,an vessels in the Gulf of
11 Mexico, reparation will be made by Great Brit- i
, ain. And, until we know what that Government
■ ! will do in reference to these cases, it becomes us, j
I as patriots, looking to the honor and welfare of ;
. the country, and as philanthropists, acting tor the '
:1 common good of the race, not to stimulate a war !
jj feeling by pandering to the baser passions of
i; human nature. .
|! [Here the hammer fell.] i|
11 The amendment of Mr. John Cochrane was j
!' agreed to. ,j
/ Mr. SAyAGE. I offer the following amend- !j
]' ment: ji
j! AUo, ten stearu frmates, with fuU «-te:nn power, to he con-
,! structed by ordei ot the Nuvv iJepuiimem: and that the
'! sum neeessaiy for then consti uction be p.ud out ot any
money in the Tiea<ury not otherwise appropriated; and t
that the President be iequested to give nonce of the abro- jj
gation ot the Clavton-Bulwer treaty: IJro-ided, That this 'j
appropriation be not used until such notice be given. ; j
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. Is that amendment |j
in order? The latter part of it, in relation to the jj
abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, is legis- ! j
lation. j
Mr. SAYAGE. I offer that amendment. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the Chair rule :j
that that amendment is m order? ]l
The CHAIRMAN. It is germane to the amend- j j
ment of the Senate, which we are considering; and 11
the Chair thinks it is in order. !j
The hour of four o'clock having now arrived, [j
the committee took a recess until six o'clock, p. m. j i
recess until six o clocu
NG SESSION. NI
EVENING
The committee reassembled at six o'clock, and
resumed the consideration of the JNavy appropri-
ation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage.]
Mr. BOCOCK. Has the Chair decided that
amendment to be in order?
The- CHAIRMAN. The Chair held the ques-
tion under consideration. The Chair is of opinion
that a portion of the amendment is in order, and
that a portion of it is not in order. The Chair
thinks that that portion of it which requests the
President to give notice of the abrogation of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty is not in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. But the proviso that the ap-
propriation shall not be used until the notice of
the abrogation of that treaty shall be given, I
suppose is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would hold
the amendment to be in order if the gentleman
were to modify it by leaving out that portion of
it which requests? the President to give the notice,
but retaining the proviso.
Mr. SAVAGE. I modify it in that way.
Theamendment, as modified, was then read, as
follows: ^ ■
Also, ten steam frigates with fbll steam power, to he con-
structed by the order of the Navy Department, and tli.it the
sum necessary foi their construction be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated: Pro-
rtVW,That this appropriation shall not be used until notice
is given to theTSriti&h Govemmentof the termination of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Chairman, on the 23d of
July, 1850, 3 made a speech against the ratifica-
tion of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,to preventrny
silence from being construed as approbation, not
being then of the opinion that my voice would be
heard. I fear that my present opinion will meet
with a similar fate. I held then and still hold that
the treaty is fraudulent and infamous and that
no man ought to be continued in the humblest
office in the gift of the American people who has
expressly or impliedly approved it. I then took
issue with the President's message, and alleged
that the United States, from her position, interest,
and power, ought to be the sole possessor, patron,
and protector of the transit route through Nica-
ragua, that in our hands it would be a bond of
peace upon the nations, and that any joint pos-
session would be an apple of eternal discord. I
alleged that the American jackass was inclined to
an association with the British lion, and like his
illustrious predecessor mentioned by iEsop, he
would reap nothing but contcmpt and ruin for his
folly.
I rpgretted the language of the treaty and the
message, and asserted that in all future time they
would stand across the line of our advancement,
with more than the power of five hundred thou-
sand armed warriors. I predicted the commer-
cial struggle that is now upon us, and advised the
immediate abrogation of the treaty.
Every act of the English Government in con-
nection with the treaty has been fraudulent and
injurious to the rights of the United States. The
treaty contained a stipulation against the increase
of American power upon this continent without
a corresponding increase of English power; and
while we honest people have kept the bond in
good faith, and have checked our advances, and
called our gallant citizens by hard names for at-
tempting to extend our dominions, England has
marched steadily forward, seizing and occupy-
ing point after point upon the land, until now
she searches and overhauls our ships upon a sea
where our power ought to control and govern
everything. But for this treaty, the power of this
nation would have been without a rival in the Gulf
of Mexico and in Cential America. England
procured the treaty to retard our progress, while
she fraudulently trampled it under foot, and ac-
celerated her own. It has been suffered to exist
for years, to our injury and disgrace; yet no Ad-
ministration has dared to denounce the false bond
and the practice of English statesmen under it.
My amendment ofieis ten steam frigates to be
built as the President may order, on condition that
notice be given to the English Government that
the treaty is abolished, and for myself I shall be
ready to vote a hundred slims whenever such no-
tice shall begiven. Itcannotbe denied that there
is, and has been, for the last ten orfifteen years, a
fiercecontestbetween the commercial and political
interests of the United States and of England in
regard to Cuba, Mexico, and the Central" Ameri-
can States. It is a contest in which one or the
other party must lose, and cannot continue much
longer without involving both nations. If Eng-
land is wise she will make an end of the matter,
