1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2863
by yielding to the natural course of things. For
myself, I am willing to proclaim and maintain the
doctrine, that in regard to the land and ocean im-
mediately south of us we will have no rivals; that
no European Power shall directly or indirectly
control the de'stiny of the territory or any of the
people bordering on the Gulf of Mexico; and that
all changes must be by our consent and for our
interest.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentle-
man withdraw his amendment?
Mr. SAVAGE. If it be desired I will with-
draw it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to submit
a remark or two.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I would ask the
gentleman from Tennessee whether there is any
provision m the Clayton-Bulwer treaty for its ab-
rogation ?
Mr. SAVAGE. There is an express provision,
and it is the only piece of wisdom in that unfor-
tunate document.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I'do notremem-
ber any such provision.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say that
nobody, not even the gentleman himself, can en-
tertain a more decided repugnance to the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty than I do. It is undoubtedly a check
upon American progress, and it is moreover con-
ducive to foreign alliances utterly at variance to
my political teachings. But I would suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee that he cannot ef-
fect anything by his amendment. It would imply
that the Executive is so deeply anxious to obtain
these ten sloops, as, in order to get them, he will
give notive to terminate the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
I think that it places the Executive in an obnox-
ious light; and if it be not withdrawn, I hope that
it will be voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his amendment3
Mr SAVAGE. Not for the reasons given by
the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. For anv reason ?
Mr. SAVAGE. Not now. "
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Stuke from the pending Senate amendment these words:
'• And that there be, and is hereby, appiopnated, to bo
expended under the direction of the Seeretaiy of tlx' Navy,
foi tiie puipose above specified, the sum of."51.200.000, out
ol any money in the Treasury not otherwiseappiopriated."
And in lieu thereof rn&ertihe following:
And the President of the United State« 19 hereby au-
thouzedand directed to boriovv the sum of .>'1,90j,000, at a
rate of interest not exceeding six per cent, per annum, pay-
able hall' ycai ly, and redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ern merit ; which haul «um .shall be expended in the construc-
tion of the vessels heieinbefore oidered, and winch shall
bo constiucted under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that
amendment in order? Is it not new legislation?
Mr. LETCHER. You have put in a distinct
provision for these vessels, and this amendment
provides the means to pay for them.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not only germane, but
necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is quite as much in oider to provide
the money as to appropriate it for the ships. The
Chair holds the amendment to be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. My object in offering this
amendment is not to embarrass what I see is a
foiegone conclusion upon the pait of the whole
committee. It is perfectly manifest, by the votes
which have already been taken, that there is a
fixed and settled purpose to build a larger number
of vessels than was provided for in the Senate
amendment. How many the committee may con-
clude to order I do not know; but the purpose of
my amendment is to furnish, at the same time,
the means necessary, not to complete these ves-
sels, but to give them a start, or, at least, as many
as the committee may conclude to order. The
amount provided for in the Senate amendment was
$1,SOU,000, when there were but six vessels con-
templated, including the one for the Chinese
waters. That sum, I suppose, would be hardly
sufficient for their construction alone. The feel-
ing of the House is such that I imagine they will
oiderat leastdouble the number contemplated by ,
the Senate, and which will require at least double j
the sum of money specified in the Senate amend-
ment. That there may be no objection on that
score, I have brought the sum within the nar-
rowest limits with which it seems to me it is pos-
sible to meet the feeling of the House upon the
subject of improving the Navy, i have endeav-
ored, heretofore, to ingraft this provision upon
appropriation bills, and I think it fair and right
that it should be ingrafted upon each and every
bill, that, when appropriations of money are made,
you should at the same time provide means for
meeting them.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to oppose the measure
of my colleague; and, in the beginning, let me
say, with all respect for the opinion of the chair-
man, it does strike me as a new proposition that
a loan should be m order upon an appropriation
bill. This, sir, is a bill to appropriate money,
not to borrow it. It is not a loan bill. We have
a loan bill to come up for consideration in a few
days, and, if this money must be borrowed, the
proper time will be when we ascertain how much
we want; the proper time will be when that loan
bill comes up. I have usually found my colleague
a straightforward man, advancing directly to the
attack and striking his antagonist fairly in front;
but now he comes q>nd strikes my project in the
back. That is the effect of his action, whether
intended or not.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will in-
quire of my colleagues of the Committee of Ways
and Means, m reference to our meeting this morn-
ing, he will satisfy himself whether or not I in-
tended to embarrass his scheme.
Mr. BOCOCK. I was speaking of the effect of
my colleague's proposition. He may be correct
in saying he did not wish to embarass it, but I
say that I do not see any occasion for incorporat-
ing such a provision into tins bill. My colleague
seems to think that we are bound to abide by the
calculations of the Senate. I have as much re-
spect for the Senate as other members upon this
floor, but I am not willing to commit my faith
implicitly to the conclusions to which that body
may arrive. I do not believe thatftl,5200,000 will
be required for the work upon six vessels this
year. I stated this morning, that 1 thought that
for all the vessels $1,200,000 would be not only
enough, but more than would be expended this
year, and till we should have an opportunity to
make another appropiiation. Before that time,
trade mayrevive, business assume a better aspect,
and money come into the Treasury without bor-
rowing it. Times may change, and perhaps it will
not be necessary to make the loan my colleague
proposes. A proposition has been made to bor-
row $15,000,000. We might, if necessary, amend
that bill, and borrow more, but I do not imagine
it will be necessary. I have seen no calculation
to show that $15,000,000, no more and no less, is
necessary to carry on the operations of the Gov-
ernment, independent of this measure, until next
winter. On the contrary, I have sought inform-
ation, at sources where I thought information
I could best be obtained, and I state to the House,
i that if business shall revive, as there is a proba-
. bihty,and if importations from other countries
, shall increase, as our exports give reason to be-
: lieve, we w ill receive money to build thes^ vessels,
i without borrowing another cent, and $15,000,000
^ will be sufficient for Government purposes, m-
; eluding what I propose toappiopriate for this pur-
, posp.
j The question being on Mr. Letcher's amend-
i mont to the amendment,
| Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
| tellers.
j Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Juiik Cocii-
; rand and Underwood were appointed.
: The committee divided; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 71, noes 54.
j So the amendment to the amendment was
i agreed to.
j Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following amend-
! ment to the amendment: i
; Strike out all alter t lie* enacting cj.iu«c of the section, and !
; insert a< foflo<v>: i
| That tin-: Secretary of the Xavy cnu«e to be constructed j
' a;s speedily iu may be with the public mteiest&, i
t ten .steam v.rew sloops-ot-war, with lull steam power,
] whose greatest di aught of water shall not exceed fourteen
j feet, which .-hips "di.Ji combine the heaviest armament arid
i greatest speed compatible with their character and tonnage ;
l and one side-wheel war steamer, whose greatest draught
j shall riot exceed eight feet, armed and provided for service
' in the China seas ; and that there be. and is hereby, appio-
priated, to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, for the purpose above specified, the sum
of @1,200,000, out of any money hi tiie Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. JVs the Chair understands
the gentleman's amendment, it is the same as the
original amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir. It provides for ten
sloops instead of five.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair under-
stands the amendment to be to strike out the
whole of the amendments tha-t have been agreed
to.
Mr. MILLSON. The whole of the Senate
amendment as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that that
is not in order.
Mr. MILLSON. Why not? It has always
been held that you cannot strike out any single
proposition that has been voted on by the House
as an amendment; but you can strike it out in
connection with other parts of the matter pro-
posed to be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment to be this: to strike out the mat-
ter that has been agreed to, and to insert that
which has been read.
Mr. MILLSON. It is always competent to
strike out matter that has been agreed to, pro-
vided the motion is to strike it out m connection
with other matters that have not been voted in
by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no matter that
has not been voted in by the House.
Mr. MILLSON. Yes, sir; theie is the Senate
amendment. I move to strike out all, from the
enacting words of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
amendment.
Air. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
enable the committee, if they wish it, to approach
a final vote on this question. The committee will
perceive that, as I move to strike out the whole
Senate amendment,and as, under the decision of
the Chair, to-day, it is not in order to move to
amend my amendment to the amendment of the
Senate, this being an amendment in the second
degree, there can be no other vote on this ques-
tion if this amendment to the amendment shall be
adopted; it becomes a finality.
I wish to reach the point that my colleague
[Mr. Bocock] aimed at this morning,to increase
the number of new vessels from five to ten. I
know that the committee have agreed, at different
times, to increase the number to twenty-six;
but I must believe that those amendments were
adopted by the committee with reference to the
ultimate defeat of the proposition, and not with
the expectation of carrying it. Certainly the Sen-
ate could never be persuaded to agree to this
amendment as it now stands. We know that it
was with much difficulty that the Senate was in-
duced to agree to the building of five new vessels;
they rejected the proposition to build ten; and to
send them a proposition to build twenty-six, is
only to court defeat; while we may reasonably
hope that we may induce them to concur in an
amendment for the building of ten; not for the
purpose of preparing the country for war; fo  I
neither expect a war, nor do I desire to inflame
the public apprehensions i pon this subject, as
some seem willing to do. I believe that these
steamships are now necessary as a part of our
peace establishment; and lam not moved, in the
slightest degree, by the dangers which gentlemen
fancy to exist with reference to contemplated dif-
ficulties with other Powers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia is to strike out the Senate
amendment. Before the vote is taken, I move to
perfect the Senate amendment by inserting the
following:
Also ten war stunners, to be used on the Ohio, Missis-
sippi,Missouri,and Arkansas rivers, and that said steamers
be so constructed as to be u--ed as j>nag-boats until the war
bieaks out. [Great laughter.]
Air. MAYNARD. Putin the Tennessee river,
and I will vote for that.
Mr. BLAIR. I modify my amendment so as
to include the Tennessee river.
The CHA1RM AN. Will the gentleman from
Missouri slate at what part of the Senate amend-
ment he proposes to insert his amendmentr
Air. BLAIR. Immediately after the amend-
