THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1858.
New Series....No. 43,
atrocious, and impious averment., that human be-
ings are property! Again I meet this doctrine, and
spurn it. The Supreme Being never intended that
iiuman beings should be property.
In those far-off solitudes of the past, when that
sublime manifestation of Almighty power was to
be made in the formation of a human being, what
was the utterance that fell from the Divine lips?
"And God said let us make man in our own im-
age, after our likeness; and in the image of God
created he him." Made but little lower than the
angels, crowned with glory and honor, there stood
man, the delegated lord and possessor of the earth,
and of all the irrational existence with which it
teemed. This similitude of man to God is a real-
ity. There is, in man's spiritual nature, a minia-
ture God—debased this likeness may be, disfig-
ured and dim, still there is the Divine tracery. The
pearl may be in the oozy bed of ocean's slime;
still it is capable of being burnished and made to
glisten m the firmament of a future and immortal
life.
When a monarch confides his signet ring to
another, though that other he a beggar, that sym-
bol carries with it the power and protection of
royalty. And on whatever being the Divine artist
has traced the image of himself, I insist that that
being cannot, without wrong and impiety, be made
an article of property. This spiritual existence
with which man is endowed—this transcupt of
the Creator's likeness—is not a temporary endow-
ment but an endless gift.
" The sun its but a pjuirk of fire;
A transient meteor m the sky;
Tile soul, immoitui as its sire,
Sliall never die."
Shall a being thus highly endowed, and destined
to an endless duration, be crowded down to the
level of the brutes that perish ? Does any one be-
lieve that that is m accordance with the Divine
will?
As from the altitude of the stars all inequalities
of earth's surface disappear, so from the stand-
point of man's immortality all distinctions fade
away, and every human being stands on the broad
level of equality. To chattelize a rational crea-
ture thus endowed and thus allied, is to insult
and incense the author of his being.
Look at it from another point. Eighteen cen-
turies ago appeared the most wonderful personage
that has ever moved among men—the God-man
—the Deity manifested in human form. After a
life of chosen poverty, passed amid the poor and
the lowly, he laid down his life to expiate the sins
of man. President Buchanan, behevest thou the
gospel record ? 1 know that thou believest. Tell
me, then, sir, did Christ shed his blood for cat-
tle? Did he lay down his life to replevin personal
property, to redeem real estate? 1 tell you, gen-
tlemen, that thi s property claim in man is impiety
rank and foul, against God and his anointed.
" Eternal Nature ! when thy giant hand
Had heaved the flood-, and fixed the trembling land-
When life spuing startled at thy pla-tic call,
Endlesi hoi (orm*, and man the losd of all-
Say, was! that lordly form umpired by thee
To wear eternal c)ia,m& and bow the knee?
Was man ordained the slave of man to toil,
Yoked with the biutes and fotteied to the -oil,
Weighed in a tyrant's balance with Ins gold ?
No! nature stamped us in a heavenly mold.
She bade no wretch his tl ankle>s l.ibois uige,
Nor trembling take in^ pittance and the seuurjc;
No homeless Lybian on the f-toriny deep,
To call upon his native land and weup."
I adopt, with cordial admiration, the language
of England's great statesman:
" VVliile mankind loathe rapine, detest fraud, and abhor
blood, the} will ieject with horror the wild and guilty fan-
tasy that man can hold propci ty in man."
In our preamble to the resolutions inviting cler-
gymen to officiate as chaplains, we have avowed
our belief in Christianity. One of the divinest
utterances of that religion is: " All things what-
soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye
even so to them." The President, in his recent
message, jusily says that the avowed principle
whichlies at the foundation of the laws of nations
is contained in this Divine precept.
Take one single feature of slavery: it annihi-
48
lates the family; it tolerates no home; ittearswith
relentless diabolism its plowshare beam deep
right through God's domestic institution; and,
having leveled it with the dust, rears the devil's
domesticinstitution,and transforms thehome, the
house, into a stable, and its inmates into cattle.
The relation of husband and wife, of parent and
child, and the endearments of the home circle, are
not, and cannot be legally known among the vic-
tims of slavery.
What a contrast between that family portrayed
in the Cotter's Saturday Night—though they were
in the depths of poverty, though they had been
out to service during the week; what a contrast
between that rude home and the best slave dwell-
ing ! From one springs a country's glory and
greatness; from the other, a country's decay,
shame, and disgrace.
Take away what there is of earthly happiness
growing out of the endearments of home, and how
much of human felicity have you left? I look
around mc, and see scores of men, many of whom
have, in homes more or less distant, those dearer
than life. Can any one prove to you, gentlemen,
by any course of reasoning, that it would be right,
under any possible circumstances, to doom those
children to the auction-block, to be sold like cattle?
If 1 can prove that it is right to take and chattel-
ize another man's children, then he can prove it
is right to do the same with mine. Make it right,
as an abstract principle, to enslave one human
being, and you have broken down the barriers
that protect every other human being.
I come now to the constitutional question. The
limits that I have assigned myself will not allow a
full or even an extended discussion of this point.
The President contents himself with declaring, in
general terms, that the Constitution regards slaves
as property, and adds that this has at last been set-
tled by the highest judicial authority in the land.
The Chief Justice who, according to the Execu-
tive, has settled this question, also alludes in a gen-
eral way to the Constitution, and bases his dictum
on cotemporaneous history and sentiment, rather
than upon anything found in that instrument.
Both these gentlemen profess to bo strict construc-
tionists of the Constitution. Now, I beg to ask
them upon what portion of the Constitution they
rely for the support of this property dogma?
They say it ism the Constitution. I say it is not
in the Constitution; and in the absence of nil proof
my say is as good as theirs, In no article, in no
section, in no line, word, or syllable, or letter, is
the idea of property in man expressed or im-
plied. It is a mystery to mc how any man could
ever believe it; and it is a double mystery tome
how an utterance so absolutely untrue and so
slanderous towards the framcrs of the Constitu-
tion, could be thrust before the American people
from the supreme judiciary and receive the sanc-
tion of the Chief Magistrate. An ancient Human
prince said, that if truth should be driven from
every other place, it ought to find a home in the
hearts of rulers.
We have fallen upon evil times, when a Chief
Justice and a ChiefMagistrate deliberately and of-
ficially utter what, seemingly, they must know to
be untrue. Terrible are the necessities and exac-
tions of slavery! How can these gentlemen help
knowing that these declarations are untrue? Do
they not contradict the entire history of the coun-
try ? Do they not contradict the repeated declara-
tions of Madison on this very point ? Has he not
averred, over and overagain, that theidea of prop-
erty was carefully kept out oftfre Constitution, so
that when slavery should cease to exist in the States
there would be no evidence in that instrument that
ithad ever existed at all ? And ilowthisinstrument,
so instinct with the spirit of freedom, so abhorring
the idea of property in man, that it would not be
polluted with the word slave, slavery, orservitude
even, this Constitution is assumed, by its own in-
herent force, without any express law or legislative
sanction whatever, to carry human chattcitsm into
the Territoiy of Kansas, and if into the Territory
of Kansas, into the State of Kansas; for what right
has Kansas, or any other State, to adopt a con-
stitution that contradicts or invalidates the Con-
stitution of the United States r If the slave owner
holds his slave in Kansas by a tenure derived
from the Constitution, I would like to know what
power can take it away ? If a new State forms
a constitution* with a clause prohibiting slavery,
and comes and asks admission into the Union-
with such an organic law, it must be sent back
with a mandate to strike out the prohibitory
clause, as being contrary to the Federal Constitu-
tion. This has at last been settled'bjr the highest
judicial tribunal in the land. And it is a mystery
to President Buchanan how any one ever could
doubt it. Under this doctrine, carried to its logi-
cal results, no more free States could ever be added
to the Union. Proh pudor ! To this complexion
it must come at last. To this complexion it has
come already. The question now is, whether the
country shall be the home of freedom or the lair
of slavery; whether the despotism of the fetter
and the scourge shall wield the scepter, and lib-
erty be driven into exile.
But still further as to this propertyprmcipfe. If
human beings are property, as is now claimed,
why has Federal legislation declared the slave
trade piracy? Is it piracy to go to*the coast of
Africa and trade in elephants' teeth, or in palm oil,
or in any other article of commerce that may be
produced there? If this property claim is cdrrect,
then this law is unjust, and ought to be repealed,
unless it is to be considered m the light of a protect-
ive tariff to encourage and promote slave breeding
at home.
More than this: how often is it that when slave
owners he down upon the death couch and look
the future in the face, thoy emancipate their slaves ?
How often do they do it as a reward for some
heroic achievement? Did you ever hear of men
emancipating their cattle in their last will and test-
ament? Do they ever bequeath freedom to their
swine? or extend that precious boon to a New-
foundland dog that had rescued a child from a
watery grave ?
Besides, to whom belong all the stray cattle that
are without owners in this country* There is
certainly a goodly herd of them. How many
millions of dollars worth I have not the means at
hand of estimating accurately. Perhaps at the in-
stance of the President the Chief Justice would
enter up a judgment against them and issue a
capua. They have no rights thotare to be regarded.
They are property, and all property ought to have
an owner. They would bring a goodly sum, hard
as are the times, enough to ofofar towards carry-
ing Pennsylvania for a second term. But I meant
to be serious, and 1 will.
I have no patience with these abhorrentassump-
fions, for I cannot call them arguments, which
claim property in man. finch el ums are an insult
to the intelligence, the Christianity, and the civil-
ization of the age.
I have a final objection to urge against slavery,
and much more against Us expansion. It lies
across our country's glory and destiny.
Century after century rolled over the world, nay
whole decades of centuries wore wtariiy away
in earth's history, and the dogmagained universal
prevalence and belief that kings ruled b'y right
divine. Dei gratia rex was engro ven on theircow.
This dogma was by education incorporated-into
the common faith and acquired all the strength of
a religious principle and all the ardorof a devo-
i tional sentiment. •
; I hardly need recite the unhappy results that
'flowed to mankind from the prevalence of this
do«ma. Monarchs wielded asceptcrofiron. The
nasses were deemed of no value, only as they
could minister to the lust, power, or ambition of
the ruling class. The Government was not mad©
for them, but they for the Government. Their
blood saturated the soil, and their bones enriched
it. They had no rights that kings were bound to
regard. But the recital of the woes and wrongs
inflicted and endured under the supremacy of this
notion of the Divine ri*rht of kings ymld be an
illimitable story—it would n.u«">-d o.* the history of
the human racc during the cycles oi ages that they
