754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
have inhabited the globe. Heaven and earth be-
came alike weary of this state of things. The
period arrived when the Great Ruler would intro-
duce a new theory of government. The curtain
was to roll up and exhibit a new act in earth's
drama. America was the theater where this man-
ifestation was to be made. The old Pilgrim barks,
borne as by a miracle over the angry ocean, came
freighted with the elements of a new political life,
and the germ of a new national organization.
How they planted themselves at Jamestown and
at Plymouth you know. How they struggled on
in their colonial dependence against forest and
savage, and British aggressions, you need not be
told.
Then came the crisis of our fate? Our ancestors,
Cavalier and Roundhead, and I bless their mem-
ory, met that crisis manfully, heroically. They
came to the Revolution, and on its threshold it
was that God poured that wonderful illumination
over the mind of Jefferson, and inspired the utter-
ance of those everlasting truths. How grandly
majestic they come rolling down from the past,
baptized in the blood that flowed from patriotic
hearts. " We hold these truths to be self-evident—
that all men are created equal; that they are en-
dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness." This principle laid the
ax at the root of the old and long dominant dog-
ma, that one man, or race of men, was created to
be kings or nobles, and another to be perpetual
peasants and serfs. It placed them upon the broad
level of absolute equality, so far as natural rights
were concerned. It does not say all British sub-
jects born on this side of the ocean are equal to
those born on the other side of it, it does not say
all English men are born equal, or all Frenchmen,
or all Scotch men, or all Dutch men, or all white
men, or all lawny men, or all Hack men, but all
men. That every human being endowed with
a rational existence, created in the image of his
God, was equally entitled to life and liberty. It
is on this principle that criminal jurisprudence
rests. The law m its Divine impartiality exacts
the life of the murderer, whatever his position,
for that of his victim. Whatever may have heen
the intellectual endowments of the homicide, how-
ever exalted his social position, he must pay the
forfeit of his life for slaying the most abject and
idiotic of his species. And why ? Because the
life of the poor and debased victim was as sacred
and inviolable as that of his gifted and exalted
slayer. The one was equally entitled to his life
as the other. So precisely with regard to liberty.
To that every human being is equally entitled.
To protect these rights Governments are insti-
tuted among men. Not to bestow rights arc Gov-
ernments instituted among men, but to protect
those which God has already given antecedent to
all organic forms of government. I do not depend
upon pailiaments, or kings, or congresses, or ma-
jorities for my rights. I hold them direct from
the Creator who formed me. So does every hu-
man being. The man, or body of men, who take
away these rights without the forms of law or
with the forms of law, unless forfeited by crime,
are despots, tyrants and usurpers, and by the
very act forfeit their own.
If a man is robbed of these rights it makes no
difference whether it is done by one man called
a king, or by many men called a majority. I
do not subscribe to that translucent phantom of
popular sovereignty when it claims the right to
enslave men. In a company of a hundred men,
have ninety-nine the right to rob the hundredth,
provided even it is submitted to them and they
have a fair election ? A majority of a hundred
men, of which I am one, may have the right to
make rules which shall operate alike upon us all.
But when they come to commend an embittered
chalice to my lip, of which they will not them-
selves partake, then I say they have no right to
do it—it is wrong.
If the people of a Territory or of a State will
vote that they themselves and their children shall
alike be slaves, I am content. But that a majority
have the rightful power to take away the natural
rights of any one single human being, I deny..
Those rights, I repeat, are given and guarded by
the common Father of us all. And as the parental
instincts go forth with peculiar energy and jeal-
ousy toward the unfortunate and less favored mem-
ber of the family circle, protecting his interests
and avenging his wrongs, so the Divine Parent
watches with peculiar vigilance over the rights of
the weak and hapless ones of earth, and avenges
their injuries with a terrible and unusual retribu-
tion. Did it never occur to you, gentlemen, thai as
with the individual, so with the nation? Power,
elevation, rare endowment, instead of conferring
privilege and prerogative, impose obligation. The
Ali-Wise and the All-Powerful is the All-Good as
well; and it is His goodness that claims our ado-
ration. And that one expression, which we have
been taught to lisp in childhood, and to utter in the
strength of years—"Our Father"—is the Magna
Charta of human brotherhood and of human
equality before God and before the law.
What now is our country's duty, destiny, and
true glory? Togo marauding over the territo-
ries of weaker nations like buccaneers and pol-
troons, to extend the area of slavery; to hunt
down fugitive slaves and take them back, man-
acled, to bondage; to break down the dykes of
freedom and let the dark and ensanguined wa-
ters of slavery rush in a destructive flood over the
land? No ! In the name of the fathers, in the
name of the Constitution, in the name of the
Declaration, in the name of our dignity and posi-
tion, and in the name of God, no! The true
mission of this nation, the work assigned, the
trust committed, is to reduce to organic form as we
have already done, and now to illustrate before
the world, the great and ever-enduring truths that
I have recited, and thus to exemplify before the
nations of the earth the principles of civil and
religious freedom and equality, and so teach them
that their monarchies and despotisms are usurp-
ations. I never read that Declaration but with
new admiration and delight. So comprehensive,
yet so full. Embracing the entire Divine theory
of human government in a single paragraph. All
men, endowed by their Creator with an equal title
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Gov-
ernments instituted among men to secure these
rights, deriving all their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed!
We hear about keeping step to the music of the
Union. Sir, go build a huge organ on the shelving
sides of the Rocky Mountains, and let the angel
of liberty strike its keys and chant forth that sub-
lime and grand old anthem of universal freedom;
and then, as its notes roll over the land, solemn
and majestic, in God's name, sir, I will keep step
to the music of the Union, tt is a divine sym-
phony. But when you call upon me to keep step
to the sound of clanking chains, and of human
manacles, to the wild shriek of human agony and
suffering, 1 cannot do it. It grates upon me like
the very dissonance of hell. I cannot keep step to
such music.
And now, sir, why do we stand thus proudly
preeminent among the nations of the earth? Why
has this nation been led to a position so grand
and enviable ? Is it because God is any respecter
of persons or of nations ? Not that; but because
lie has a grand work for us to do—to lead the
world to freedom and glory; to the conscious pos-
session and unmolested enjoyment of rights di-
vinely given. And why should we abandon this
position ? Why are we called upon to betray the
high and solemn trusts committed to our caie by
the Most High ? Why are we asked to wheel
around from the van in the progress of a Chris-
tian civilization, and with muffled drum and droop-
ing colors march back a decade of centuries into
the darkness and barbarism of the past? Why
should we, by our refusal to fulfill the destiny
plainly marked out for us by the finger of God,
yield the honor of earth's renovation to some other
people ? What is to reward us for all this shame,
loss of position, and recreancy to heaven-confided
trusts? Will the clank of human fetters on the
plains of Kansas, and the wail of man's despair on
the Pacific shore, compensate us fortius sacrifice ?
Oh, how much more noble and heroic for those
who have it in their power to say, in God's name
this evil must be removed. What a future then
flashes on our country ? In those ages to come, by
a natural process of assimilation and peaceful ex-
pansion, we should conquer and possess the entire
continent. The genius of Freedom, on some lofty
peak of the Rocky Mountainsor the Andes, should
look abroad, northward and southward, eastward
and westward, and behold one vast ocean of re-
publics, bound together by the federal compact.
" Distinct like the billows, yet one like the sea.35
And as the recording angel dropped a tear of
sorrow on the good man's oath, and blotted it out
forever; so the genius of History, when she came
to trace our record, would drop a tear of regret
and blot out the fact that slavery ever existed.
With this result in view, the Constitution was
j formed.
! Shades of the departed, hovering around this
j Hall, I bless your memories for that Constitution.
; Mr. SHORTER obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. FAULKNER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The -motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
tire bill of the House to authorize the issue of
Treasury notes, and had instructed him to report
it back to the House, with the recommendation
that it be laid on the table; also, that the com-
mittee had had under consideration the bill of the
House making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1859,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
The question being first upon laying the Treas-
ury-note bill on the table, it was taken; and said
bill was laid upon the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. Letcher, the
House (at five minutes before four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 18, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. N. Hanks.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the papers of Richard Fitch, of Ohio,
respecting his application for bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of Henry
Abram, of Richmond, Virginia; and, as it is very
short, I can read it as soon as I can state the con-
tents of it:
a I, Henry Abram, of Richmond, Virginia, do hereby pe-
tition the honorable Senate of the United States to take
into its eaily consideration the propiicty of granting to Vir-
ginia one hundred million acres of land, or an amount
equal to the Northwestern Tetritory ceded by Virginia to
the United States ; said lands to be sold to actual settlers,
and the moneys aeerunm tlieief'rom to be applied to the pur-
chase of the young slaves, and their migration beyond the
United States."
I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented a
| resolution of the Legislature of Kentucky, in re-
I lation to pensions to the soldiers of the rcvolu-
[ tionary war, and of the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of the
war of 1812, and widows of some of those who
have died, praying to be allowed pensions; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Frank
Madison, a colored man, who served as a waiter
to Major Lee, in the Army, in the Seminole war
in Florida, praying to be allowed bounty land;
which was leferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAM VIOND presented a petition of the
president and stockholders of the Florida Steam
Packet Company, praying for compensation for
: the seizure and detention of the Steamer Carolina
by the collector of the port of Jacksonville, in
May, 1857; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of William
F. Coolbaugh and others, citizens of Burlington,
Iowa, praying for a grant of land to aid m the
construction of railroads westward, through the
Territory of Nebraska, so as to connect with the
roads now located, to the eastern boundary of
said Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pnljlic Lands.
