mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL
April 27.
those who have been engaged in the volunteer ser-
vice of the country during the Mexican war. He
puts them upon the footing of having been influ-
enced by mercenary considerations. Before the
Mexican war it had not been proposed to extend
the system beyond the war of the Revolution, or
if it had been proposed it had been, rejected by
Congress; and yet when it was announced that
the Presiden t was authorized to accept the services
of fifty thousand men, to use the language of the
President, he was overburdened by the applica-
tion of more than three hundred thousand men.
Yes, three hundred thousand men sprang up upon
the first blast of his bugle inviting them to the
field of the Mexican war. Were they influenced
Dy the hope hereafter of getting a pension ? The
country had thus far decided against extending
the revolutionary pensions.
I cannot doubt that they were influenced by
higher and nobler motives—by patriotism, by
honor, and by their desire for military distinction.
Sir, I ask gentlemen who are here advocating
this bill, and who occupied prominent stations in
the Mexican war—I ask the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] the honorable gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] includ-
ing myself, whether we desire any reward for
holding the positions which we held during that
■war? No, sir, not such as is proposed by this
bill. We looked to "a nobler reward than that of
a mere pecuniary compensation. I hope we were
actuated by higher motives, and felt some of that
proud spirit which distinguished the soldiers of
the Revolution, many of whom refused to receive
the compensation to which they were entitled by
.aw, and who went to their graves without ever
having made application under the revolutionary
pension law. I think, therefore, that the public
reasons urged by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Savage] for establishing the sys-
tem proposed by this bill as the permanent policy
of the country, on the ground that it would keep
up the military spirit of the country, are reasons
not at all applicable.
It is true, sir, that some of the bravest and best
of the officers of the war of 1813, have united in
making application to Congress for the passage of
this bill, but they united in it, because, like all
other men, they desired some public considera-
tion. They wished to know whether their ser-
vices to the country had been forgotten or not—
from a strong disposition to present themselves
before the public. They feared that time and an
intervening war had caused the people to forget
those services. Forget them, we cannot. We
cannot forget some of the scenes of that war which
shed so much glory upon the American arms.
No, sir; I hope we shall never reach that period
when it shall be necessary to force upon the con-
sideration of the country the eminent services of
men who have fought the battles of the country.
For myself, I shall never take any steps to have
the memory of my own services perpetuated, if it
is to be brought about by exertions of my own.
I donotsee,Mr. Chairman, the soundness of the
reasons urged in the eloquent speech of the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. SAVAGE. I beg that the gentleman will
not do injustice to the chairman of the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. My honorable friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Jewett,] as a member of that
committee, was, by its indulgence, permitted to
report this bill to the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I of course refer to the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee, who reported
the bill. I say that the same reasons which the
gentleman from Tennessee urged in support of a
system which would give a pension to every man
engaged in the war of 1812, and in the various
Indian wars since that time, are equally applica-
ble to every other war. How is it just that the
soldiers of one war should receive the bounty of
the Government, and those of another war, who
did equally as good service, and who incurred
equal dangers, should be excluded ?
But if it be admitted that these men entered
the service from mercenary motives, I take it for
granted that it is to be established as the perma-
nent policy of the country; I take it for granted
that it is but the entering wedge for what is to fol-
low; and according to my own calculations which
I have made—1 will not go into details, for I have
not the data before me, I did not expect to speak
on this subject to-day—I say that, according to
my estimate, it is the beginning of a system which
will involve an annual expense of not less than
$40,000,000.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Currt] has
well said that in republican governments where
the people are influenced by motives such as the
passage of a bill like this will create, although
they may be in a numerical minority, they will
always hold an influence which will control this
or any other Congress.
If these applicants have their claim entertained,
or a hope is held out to them that thia policy will
be pursued, then all the surviving soldiers of all
the subsequent wars will come here and demand,
as an act of justice, that they shall have a like
treatment, and those who support this measure
will be bound to yield to that demand, for it is
just that you should treat one citizen as you do
another. I look upon this, then, as extending the
system to all the wars in which we have been en-
gaged.
Not to stop there, how long will it be before the
widows and orphan children of those who served
for a month will come here and ask the reason
why they are excluded ? Practically those who
served for only a month may have done more ser-
vice than those who served for six months. Will
it not be extended, then, to those who served only
for fourteen days, as the bounty land law has
been extended ? And upon what ground can or-
phan children be refused, who are unable to take
care of themselves ? While the soldier was living,
a pension was granted to him; and now that he
is dead, on what ground can his orphan children
be refused ? This is the introduction of a princi-
ple which will not stop until all are embraced. It
will, in the end, make up a pension list of between
five and six hundred thousand persons, perhaps
a million. If gentlemen will examine the bill, they
will find that the average pension will be $150 for
each pensioner. Look, then, at the fearful burden
with which we will oppress the Treasury.
It ought to be a conclusive argument that the
Government has not the ability to bear so oner-
ous a burden, if it were constitutional to adopt
the principle—which I deny. Where do you find
power in the Constitution for granting benevo-
lences ? where the power to make presents to our
citizens? If we give this pension to the soldier
who has served his country, has not the aged
statesman an equal right to a pension for his ser-
vice in his country's behalf? Is not every man
who has been engaged in his country's service
equally entitled to a pension, whether he served
with or without compensation ? The soldier re-
ceived his pay, as it was stipulated when he en-
tered the service. How long will it be before the
system will be extended to the aged statesman,
the aged officeholder, and those who have, up to
their old age, been in the service of the country?
But I must hurry on. I promised not to occupy
the time of the House to any great extent. This
system carried out, sir, would not stop short of
the annual expenditure of from twenty-five to
fifty million dollars. But, outside of that, I be-
lieve that this Government has not the power,
under the Constitution, to grant these pensions.
Is it right in a free Government, in which all are
equal, for the Government to withdraw one class
of citizens from the field of enterprise and labor,
where they may secure a subsistence, to place
them under its bounty? Ought not the citizen to
be left free and untrammeled in his occupation?
Is it not the best policy to encourage the citizen
to seek out his own livelihood, that the republican
spirit may be preserved for the integrity of our
institutions? Induce them to give up their enter-
prise; leave them with no care for their livelihood;
let them be fed from the public crib, and how can
we depend upon them to maintain intact the in-
dependence and free spirit of our fathers? Is it
not, then, an important consideration that we
should endeavor to prevent the demoralization of
our citizens ? Do not let it be known that we will
distribute money, but let the policy be that each
should, as the other, depend upon his own toil
and enterprise for the means of living.
For all these considerations—and I have had
time only to state my leading objections to the
bill—I will be constrained, with all my respect for
those gallant veterans, to vote in the negative.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, there are only
a few moments left for the general debate on this
measitre, and I will occupy them in replying to
some of the objections which have been made to
it. When I have concluded my remarks I will
propose that the committee recommend to the
House that the general debate on this bill be ex-
tended for a longer period. I presume that there
will be no objection in the House to rescinding
the order terminating debate. I see several gen-
tlemen here who wish to speak on the subject. I
think the bill is deserving of full and faithful con-
sideration. #
Mr. Chairman, who have been petitioning Con-
fress for years for this measure ? They are the
eroes of the war of 1812, who turned out and
periled their lives for the country and for our de-
fense, when you and I were helpless infants, un-
conscious of surrounding peril, and the dangers
and sufferings of those who rallied to our stand-
ard. These soldiers of the last war with Great
Britain have come to Congress to ask for the same
consideration that was granted to the heroes of
the Revolution; and it seems to me it is but fair
that we should consider their claim and determine
whether they are entitled to similar regard and
distinction.
But, in reply to the argument of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitman,1 who has just
taken his seat, an argument which has been made
to this House frequently before, that this bill is
going to peril the Treasury of this country, that
it is going to involve us in millions of annual ex-
penditure, I would say that it does not seem to
me necessary to open the door so wide as it is im-
agined by those who are opposed to it. It does
not follow that because we grant pensions to a
class, that all other classes are likely to be added
to the expense. I reiterate the question: who are
making this application? They are men who,
forty-five years ago, left the military service of
their country, and returned to their families and
civil pursuits. If they were then twenty years of
age, they are now sixty-live; and if they were
twenty-five years of age, they are seventy years
old to-day. They are, therefore, old men, .not
able to obtain a livelihood by physical labor. We
propose by this bill not to give them a sum as a
mere gratuity, for those old men would scorn a
pension if you place it upon the ground of a gra-
tuity. They are not paupers; they do not come
here as trembling supplicants at your doors in the
characterof beggars before Congress. I denounce
and deprecate such an imputation. They come
as your sires, as your soldiers and conquerors or
your dominions, who fought for and maintained
your country, your liberty, and they now ask,
and I demand for them, what, by the usage of
other nations and countries, and adopted by ours,
they justly deserve, a token of gratitude due them
for thus periling their lives and exhausting the
most precious period of their mature age in the
military service of their country.
About twenty-one years of a man's life is de-
voted in pupilage, and after he becomes sixty-
three years of age he is considered no longer a
producer. There is then only about forty-two
years of a man's life in which he can expect to ac-
cumulate wealth and power by his persona] exer-
tions. Even though men live to be four score
years and ten, there are only forty-two years of
that time in which they can regard as positive,
the rest is negative, in a mathematical point of
view. During forty-two years they are producers,
and if they live twelve septennials—eighty-four
years—they have been forty-two years consum-
ers. If out of that time they devote a portion to
the service of their country, it is taken from the
best portion of their productive age of life, and I
say it is the custom of all countries to regard those
services with special honors, and to compensate
them with marked distinction. Those who speak
against the custom speak against the custom of
the world, and a custom long since, and, I think,
wisely adopted by this country. If you dread a
perpetual standing Army maintained at a great
expense, reward those who turn out to vindicate
their country's rights and honor, as did the brave
men of the Revolution, and of the war of 1812.
Compensate them as is done by the custom of
other nations, and thereby avoid the expense of
a large standing Army that moves by commands,
and not from patriotic emotions.
How will you compensate your soldiers ? They
were not paid while they were in the service.
The men who enter the service of the United
