1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the petition of citizens of Burlington, New Jer-
sey, praying for the adoption of measures for the
peaceful and gradual extinction of slavery; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BICLER presented a resolution, adopted
at a meeting of the German Central Agitation
Club of Pennsylvania, in favor of the passage of
the homestead bill now before the Senate; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Thomas Halenan, praying for indemnity for dam-
ages sustained in consequence of a change in the
grade ofNew Jersey avenue in the cityofWash-
ington; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of the heirs of Mary Hopper, widow
of John A. Hopper, submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Pickell, re-
ported that the prayer of the memorialist ought
not to be granted.
Mr. STUART", from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Richard E. Randolph, reported that the prayer
of the petitioner ought not to be granted.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Anthony S.
Robinson, heir of John H. Robinson, reported a
bill (S. No. 158) for the relief of Anthony S. Rob-
inson, heir and legal representative of John Ham-
ilton Robinson; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of I
Thomas J. Page, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 159) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page, United States Navy. The bill
was read, and passed toa second readingjand the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas J. Page, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
160) for the relief of Thomas J. Page. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
American shipmasters in the port of Havana, in
Cuba, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 77)
to amend an act entitled " An act to limit the
liability of ship-owners, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1851, reported it without
amendment. He also submitted a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
SHELTON ISLAND.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, it not incompatible vvi;h tile public interests, to
cause lo be furnished to the Senate, with the papers, cor-
respondence, &.c., called for by the resolution ol the Senate
of the 17th instant, in the case of Pliiio 8. Shelton and
Sampson & Tappan, alt the correspondence, papers, and
documents, on file m the Department of^tate, m original
or copy, relative to the eases of Lang & Delano, and Wheel-
wright & Cobb, lespectmg the island of Aves,in the Carib-
bean sea, not heretofoie tuimshcd by said Depmtment.
Pliiio S. Shelton, Sampson & Tappan, Lang&
Delano, and Wheelwright & Cobb, have all filed
in the State Department claims against the Gov-
ernment of Venezuela for an alleged interference
with the rights of the claimants, in forcibly driv-
ing them from the island of Aves, of which they '
had taken possession as derelict, and upon which
they had established themselves under the flag of
the United States, for the purpose of obtaining
guano.
At the last session of Congress, on the 9th of
January, Mr. Bell, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced a resolution m the Senate calling for certain
information relative to the claims of certain Amer-
ican citizens for their expulsion from the Aves or
Bird islands by the Venezuelan Government; to
which, as also to another resolution of the Senate
of the 4th of the preceding August, an answer was
returned and printed as Executive Document No.
3o of the Senate.
On the 18th instant, Mr. Foster introduced a
resolution referred to in the resolution now offered,
confining the call to the cases of Shel ton, and Samp-
son &Tappan. Lang&Delano, and Wheelwright
& Cobb, of Boston, have claims; and equal justice
to all demands that all the papers relative to their
claims should be communicated to the Senate, if
any are communicated.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
con sent, and agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That for the residue of the present session, after
the present week, the private bills on the Calendar shall he
special orders of the day, on Friday of each week, at one
o'clock, in the order in winch thev stand upon the Calendar.
Objection being made, the resolution lies over
under the rule.
ABSENTEE OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any officers of the
civil sejvice of the United States, in the Territory of Kan-
sas, are absent from their posts m said Territory ; and it so,
the reasons theretor.
Mr. BIGGS subsequently rose and moved a
reconsideration of the vote by which that resolu-
tion was passed.
The motion was recorded for future action.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. A majority of the Committee
on Territories, to which was referred the Presi-
dent's message transmitting the constitution of
the State of Kansas, have had the same under
consideration, and have instructed me to make a
report, accompanied by a bill for the admission of
that State.
The bill, entitled "A bill (S. No. 161) for the
admission of the State of Kansas into the Union,"
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. GREEN. I suppose it is hardly necessary
to have the report read; it is quite long. I move
that it be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Before that order is made, I
desire to present a minority report. I move that
it be printed with the report of the majority, to-
gether with another minority report which I un-
derstand is to be made. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to modify his motion, so as to print the
whole of them together.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by a minority
of the committee to make a report, presuming that
it will be printed with the majority report.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not rise for the purpose
of objecting to the printing, but simply to object
to calling papers which come from a minority of
a committee, reports. There can be but one report
from a committee, the official act of the majority
of the body; but the views of the minority maj
be stated in a paper. 1 have no objection to their
being so stated and printed; but they ought to be
stated to be the views of the minority, and not the
report of the organ of the Senate, which is the
committee, under parliamentary usage.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not desire to enter into
any controversy with the gentleman from Dela-
ware in regard to the term proper to be applied
to these dissenting reports. It has become a usage
in common parlance to speak of the minority and
the majority reports. You will find that that is
our practice in nine cases out of ten. One or two
Senators, I believe, in presenting dissenting re-
ports, have conformed to the idea of taste sug;
gested by the gentleman from Delaware, and called
them " the views of the minority;" but the com-
mon parlance and common usage of the Senate,
I presume, m nine cases out of ten for the last
twenty years, has been to speak of such docu-
ments as minority reports. 1 have no particular
desire on that point. Gentlemen can characterize
the paper as they think best.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the honorable Sena-
tor is entirely mistaken, especially as regards the
Senate. He will hardly find an instance of the
priming, by the Senate, of the views of the mi-
nority of a committee fifteen years back. He will
hardlyfind a case fifteen years, or even ten years
ago, where the views of the minority were printed.
I have myself, in particular circumstances, pre-
sentsd such a paper, and it has been called " the
view of the minority." You may in common
parlance call them reports, but it is not so stated
on the face of the papers. It may-be compar-
atively of little moment; yet I think adherence to
parliamentary usages respecting papers of this
kind is proper. There is a substantial distinction
between them. One is the report of the organ of
the body made by the committee to the body; the
other contains the views of dissenting members.
11 is right that they should stand before the Senate
and the country in precisely the position they oc-
cupy. I have no objection to their dissemination
to the same extent as the report of the committee;
but the report of the committee can be but one,
I think, under parliamentary usage.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to ask what is the
question before the Senate? The debate is not
on the printing, but upon the term or description
which shall be given to these papers. Does that
enter in any way upon the record ? because, if it
does, 1 have a word to say upon the subject. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does enter upon
the record.
Mr. SEWARD. The other day some members
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, among
whom I was one, dissenting from the majority,
submitted a report which we described, if I recollect
aright, as " the views of the undersigned, who dis-
sent from the report of the majority, presented in
the form of a minority report." I wish to ask if
there is any objection to that?
Mr. BAYARD. It is nothing to me; it is for
the Senate to decide. I think it is better to adhere
to what is a distinction of substance, and require
that a report shall come from that organized body,
by a vote of the majority, that represents the Sen-
ate as a committee; and beyond that there is no
report, in the proper parliamentary sense of the
term, though it is undoubtedly proper and right
to allow those who dissent in committee to present
their views to the Senate, and have them dissem-
inated in the same manner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, on this point, that the other day, on another
question, he had occasion to inquire into it, and
confer with the officers of the Senate on this sub-
ject, and on the practice in respect to the Journal
entries. The position taken by the Senator from
Delaware he supposes to be correct, that the action
of the majority makes the report of the commit-
tee; the dissent of the minority is submitted as
the views of the minority; and he is informed by
the Secretary, that the entries have been so made
on the Journal of the Senate heretofore. There-
fore, if there be no objection, the Chair will put
the question on printing the report of the commit-
tee and the views of the minority.
Mr. GREEN. I will modify my motion to
print, so as to include these dissenting opinions;
and when the reports shall be printed, and Sena-
tors have had an opportunity to read them, I give
notice that at an early day I shall make a motion
to set apart some particular time for the consid-
eration of this bill. I will not now designate the
time, because I wish all*to have a fair opportunity
to understand the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am utterly indifferent as to
what title we shall give these dissenting opinions
of the members of the committee. We speak of
the opinion of a court—that is, the opinion of a
majority of the judges. The minority of the judges
style their views " dissenting opinions." In our
common parlance, we speak of the report of the
majority of a committee, and the report of the
minority. It is simply the dissenting opinion of
those members (or that member,as the case may
be) who do not concur with the majority. How-
ever, I make no point on the designation to be
given to the paper.
Mr. MASON. There are many instances, as
we all know, where forms indicate what the law
is. The honorable Senator from Illinois has just
used the expression, " the report or" the majority
of a committee." With all possible respect for
him, 1 beg leave to say that is inaccurate. It is
the report of the committee; but, if there are any
who dissent from that report, it is the usage, I
believe, in all legislative bodies—a usage which I
am always happy to comply with—to print the
dissentient views of the dissentients. I did not
know until this instant what the case was, nor
would it make any difference, but I submit that it
would be better to oreserve the forms .that show
