756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
what the law is. Let the report be entered and
printed as the report of the Committee on Terri-
tories, and any paperg submitted by gentlemen
from the committee which dissent from the re-
port, be printed as the views of the gentlemen who
dissent from the report of the committee. Take
the case suggested by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, who has himself been on the bench, and
has illustrated, I am very happy to say, the ability
of the bench of the country: if there be more than
one judge, the opinion of the court is the opinion
of the majority, and the views of those who dis-
sent are entered as the opinions of those who dis-
sent from the opinion of the court. So it is here.
The report of the majority is the report of the
committee; and the dissenting views are the views
of the gentlemen who dissent from that report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
already stated that he has no doubt in regard to
the parliamentary practice, and ho will put the
question in the form he before announced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am unable to say how far
these are dissenting opinions, for the reason that
the report of the committee has never been read
in committee. We know not what it is. Wehave
had no opportunity of knowing, because we were
required to report this morning, and it was im-
possible to read so long a report at the meeting of
the committee this morning, if the bill were to be
presented to-day. Therefore, whether these be
dissenting opinions, or what they are, we have
no means of knowing, for no one of the minority
knows what is in the report of the committee.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to remark that the
conclusion at which the committee arrived was
well known by all its members. The question
was, whether we would report in favor of the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State, or against it? A
majority of the committee were in favor of it, and
they of course make the report and assign their
own reasons for the conclusion. The minority
have the same privilege. The conclusions arc just
as variant'as it is possible for conclusions to be.
Each fortifies bis own conclusion by the best ma-
terial at his command.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is,
that the report of the Committee on Territories be
printed, and also the views of the minority, as !
expressed in the papers submitted by the Senator
from Illinois and the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BROWN. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion. I am opposed to adjourn-
ing over two days every week.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think we may postpone the
taking of this question until after we know whether
or not we shall get through the Army bill to-day.
I presume there will be no objection to adjourning
to Monday, if we get through with the Army bill
to-day.
Mr. ALLEN. I withdraw my motion for the
present.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew the motion, and I
will give my reason for doing so. I desire to have
it decided now, whether we shall adjourn over or
not, so as to control myown action this afternoon
in regard to going away. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall notadjourn over.
We have never touched the Private Calendar this
session. There are a large number of reports from
tile Court of Claims before us, which ought to be
acted on, Justice to the claimants requires that
we should actdefinitely on them. There ought to
be a day set apart for the consideration of those
bills. 1 think our old rule is the right one, and
that we ought to set apart at least every Friday
for the consideration of private claims. The Sen-
ate has always done so at the previous sessions at
which I have been a member of the body, but we
have given them no kind of consideration at the
present session.
Mr. CAMERON. After consultation with gen-
tlemen I withdraw my motion.
consular courts in china.
Mr. FOOT. On the 15th of December last the
President transmitted to the Senate a letter from
the late Commissioner in China, transmitting a
decree or regulation for such revision as Congress
may deem expedient, pursuant to the act of the
11th of August, 1848. This message of the Presi-
dent and the accompanying communication were
ordered to lie on the table and b§ printed. I move
that they be taken up and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. it is understood, by a letter
from the present Commissioner in China, ibat it
is important this subject should be acted upon at
an early day. It relates to the judicial powers of
consuls.
The motion was agreed to.
reporters' gallery.
Mr. FOOT. 1 will call up the resolution I in-
troduced the other day m reference to the accom-
modation of reporters in the front seats of the re-
porters' gallery, with a view to place that matter
under the supervision of the Committee on the
Library of this branch of Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following order:
Ordered, That the Committee on tile Library consider
and report a plan tor the admission and accommodation of
leporteis in the eastern gallery, other than the repoitei& tor
the Congressional Globe.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be agreed to. I
misunderstood the object of the Senator the other
day. It is to put this subject under regulation,
instead of leaving it without regulation. 1 should
like to see it regulated. I wish to have a report
that will not leave it unregulated, as it is now.
The order was adopted.
amendment of the rules.
Mr. FOOT. Some days ago I presented to the
Senate a proposition of amendment or addition to
one of the rules of the Senate, which was laid
over. I now call it up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the proposed amendment to
the rules; which is, to add to the 11th rule:
And all motion- to take up any busmen fot consideration,
or to postpone any quotiou ponding bet'oio tlio Senate, with
a view to toko up -omo other qai'-.ti(m indicated by tile
movwr, styall be docitkd without debate.
Mr. FOOT. I have as little personal interest
in this subject, perhaps, as any member of the
body; but the experience of the present session,
I think, has satisfied all members of the Senate
of the importance of some such limitation—'the
less so, however, since the present Presiding
Officer very properly, the other day, indicated at
least, if he did not decide us a question of order,
that preliminary motions to take up a subject for
consideration, or to postpone a pending question,
with a view to take up some other majter indi-
cated by the mover, did not open the whole sub-
ject for discussion on its merits. 1 think that
tlccision right; and if that decision were adhered
to practically by the Senate, it would render the
adoption of this rule less important than it would
otherwise lie under the piactice which for a long
time obtained in this body.
The experience of the piesent session, Mr. Pres-
ident, must have satisfied us all that the limitation
proposed by this amendment to the rules will have
the effect of greatly facilitating the dispatch of
business, and simplifying the order and manage-
ment of business. We have witnessed on these
collateral motions a very general and irregular de-
bate, not only upon the question proposed to be
taken up, but upon the question proposed to be
postponed; and not only that, but upon various
other questions which different Senators think de-
'■ mand priority over others and the immediate eon-
sideiation of the body. I therefore trust that by
general consent this amendment will bo adopted.
I have not proposed it unadvisedly. 1 took occa-
sion before I offered it, to confer with older and
more experienced members of the body upon both
sides of the Chamber, and it met with general con-
currence—I believe without exception so far as
my consultation extended.
Mr. BELL. I should like to know from the
Senator how he supposes this amendment to the
rules will be construed, if adopted? The provision
is, that a motion to take up a question shall be de-
cided without debate. The inquiry which I wish
to make is, whether the honorable Senator from
Vermont understands the meaning of that to be
that no suggestions shall be permitted in regard
to the reasons why one measure should be post-
poned to give place to another? whether it is ab-
solute, so that when a gentleman moves to take
up a measure and postpone others which have
priority by the preceding orders of the Senate, he
shall only be at liberty to make the motion, with
out being allowed to say a word.in explanation
of his motion ?
I beg leave to say, if that is to be the construc-
tion, it will operate very inconveniently. From
my observation of the proceedings of this'body
and the other House, I think the effect of such a
rule would be to give a decided advantage to the
majority, who would have ill either body the pow-
er to assemble—hold a caucus, if you please—and
decide on the order of business, and all the minor-
ity, one after another, might make a motion, and
each one would find himself overruled by what
appeared to be the unanimous vote of the majority.
Another effect I can perceive, and this is with-
out reference to majorities or minorities, either in
the House of Representatives or the Senate: it
would place the business of the body—I mean not
party questions, but the general business of the
body—under the control of the more active mana-
gmgmembers; and a modestgentleman who would
not like to go around and electioneer beforehand,
who would not fee) at liberty to make appeals to
members on account of personal associations, to
second a motion which he desired to make, would
always find himself without support for his mo-
tions. You may say this is a result that cannot
be avoided, because all members ought to be act-
ive and managing in getting business under con-
sideration which interests them and their constit-
uents particularly, and that a member who does
not do that with success, is not so well qualified
for his place, and cannot discharge his duties so
effectually to his constituents or to his country,
as some others; but that, I think, is not a suffi-
cient answer to the objection.
These results will follow the adoption of this
amendment, in my opinion, unless it allows a suc-
cinct statement of the grounds oil which a motion
to take up a subject is made. The great injustice
of such a regulation is to the minority. I cannot
be supposed to have a great deal of interest in this
question, because my term of service here is fast
approaching its end; and I stand in a very small
minority here. I shall probably not feel it, but I
throw out these views for the consideration of the
body. In the first place, this proposition gives
greatadvantages to the majority; and next it may
affect even portions of the members of the major-
ity, and do them injustice unless they possess the
peculiar qualifications to which I have alluded.
Most of the rules of the body are formed with a
view to protect and allow equal rights and priv-
ileges to the minority of the body, like the guaran-
tees in the Constitution itself. Those guarantees
are not for the majority. If you mean to allow a
majority to do"as they please, you need no rules;
majorities do not need their protection; rules are
for the minority.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable mover of
this proposition will consent to let it rest.
Mr. FOOT. I will follow an intimation from
several Senators, and move that it be referred to
a select committee of three members, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair. Before I sit down, how-
ever, in answer to the inquiry made by the honor-
able SenatorfromTennessee, whether the purpose
or effect of this rule would be to cut off debate
altogether, I would only say that it would stand
on the same footing, subject to the same restric-
tions, limitations, and privileges, with all other
questions that are decided by our rules not to bo
debatable, as motions to lay on the table, for in-
stance.
Mr. BELL. That is absolute.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the proposition be
referred to a select committee of three, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Foot, Mr.
Hunter, and Mr. Stuart were appointed the
committee.
increase of the army.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate do
now proceed to the consideration of the bill to
increase the military establishment of the United
States.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia if itis his purpose to endeavor
to close the bill to-day, and obtain final action?
Mr. IVERSON. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, who,
i
I
•*
■i
