1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CJLOUE.
1843
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope there will be no ob-
jection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
must proceed to the consideration of the report
of the committee of conference, unless it is other-
wise ordered by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Ia.sk the consent of ^he chair-
man of the committee of conference to allow the
biii to pass.
Mr. GREEN. If there is to be no debate upon
it, 1 shall have no objection.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I think it
will not give use to debate.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 298)
, ally, and which is due to them as members of tins
- body, I shall treat their report according to the
j rules of interpretation, and 1 .shall msift thai they
mean by that report precisely what will be, in my ,
; judgment, its necessary consequences.
i Sir, about two years ago, so far as the action of 1
; the majority of the Senate was concerned, we de-
! termined that Kansas mi^ht be admitted into the j
' Union. We determined at that time that so far
: as the question of population was concerned,theie
I were suMi ciicumstanccs incidentto the existence ■'
1 of this Territory and the character of ks people as
; to make it expedient and ptoper that they might '
1 formaconslitution,organize themselvcsasaState, I
for the relief of* Catharine Jacobs, widow of Fran- : j and at that tnne be admitted into the Union. When
cis Jacobs, a waiter in the military household of j' we came here at the commencement of the pros-
General Washington, was read a second time, and j; ent Congress, wc found thatthe people of Kansas,
jj acting, as it is said, through a convention, had
j' prepared a constitution, had partially organized a
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the
widow of Francis Jacobs, of Albany, New York,
a pension of eight dollars a month, commencing
on the Istof January, 1854, and contmuingduring
her natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
"WILLIS A. GORIvlAN.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That thoie bo paid to Hon. Willi* A. Gorman,
Govemorof Minnesota Territmy. the bUinof §8*20. a*> com-
pensation foi hw sei vicoj' ad commissioner to mve.-tmate the
alleged fiamNof Alexander Ram?ev, late Mipermtendent
of Indian atlaiis for the lioirlieru supeiintcndency, and foi
reimbursement of hib nece-sbtuy uxpens.es incuned thei«m.
j. If there be no objection, I ask for the present
Consideration of the resolution. I do not think
it will lead to debate.
Mr. GREEN. I call for the special order.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then of course this res-
olution will ho over under the rule.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
26) authorizing the airangement and disposal of
public buildings in the city of Philadelphia; in
which the concurrencc of the Senate was re-
quested.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 36) to provide for the issuing, ser-
vice, and return of original and final process in
the circuit and district courts of the United States
in certain cases.
A bill (No. 07) to incorporate the Benevolent
Christian Association of Washington city.
A bill (No. Ill) to alter the times of holding
the circuit and dish ict courts of the United States
for the district of Yeimont.
A joint resolution (No. 22) providing for the
payment of ccrtain expenses of holding the Uni-
ted States courts in the Territory of Utah.
Also, that it had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 76) to incorporate Gonznga College, in the
State government, and had demanded admission
into the Union as a State under it. Upon the an-
nouncement of this i'act by the Piesident of the
Umred States, I deemed it my duty to nay that, in
my judgment, such had been the conduct of that
convention, so completely had it set at defiance the
provisions of the organic act of the Territory, so
completely had it attempted to ovei turn the princi-
ples of self-government, su enormously had it con-
cocted a fraud, and sought to fix that fraud upon
the people, that I never could, and never would,
agree by my vote to aid in carrying out that
effort.
But, sir, at a later day, the constitution was
received; was submitted to the Senate. It was
referred to the Committee on Territories. When
it camo back here we found this remarkable fact,
which becomes an important consideration in de-
termining upon the question of the report of the
committee of conference to-day. The first copy
of that constitution which was authentically pub-
lished, was published in the Washington Union,
and was snui to have been obtained from thePres-
t ulent of the United States; and when that consti-
tution was published, this land ordinance was the
first division in order in the instrument, and it j
appealed to be a component part of it. In connec- ,
tion with that question, let me quote ft om the cer- i
tificate attached to the oidmance itself: j
i The within is a tine and pcifect eop\ of the oulinmwc
adopted h\ tho con«miuional convention, and submitted as ;
pait of the eonMitunon by tho convention which a^ombled j
at Lecompton on the 5tli dav of riepfmhrr, A. J' I.V>7. I
| " JOHN CALHOUN, !
1 Picsidtnl Cmntiliitiona! Convention, j
Li:roMPTON, K IN? vh T: UKITOTIY. JartUM u 11,
; There we have the fact, the only evidence we
had, to wit: tho certificate of the piesident of the
: convention, John Calhoun, that this paper, on
i which we have been acting, is, in fact, the con-
■ stitution made by the Lecompton convention, was
' equally conclusive to show that that convention
! submitted, as a part of the constitution, the ordi-
I nance which accompanied it; and yef wo find that
; the Committee on Territories, in their report,
| come to this conclusion:
"The committer: do not appiove tlx* oidmance accotn-
... . . F panymg the constitution, and repoit against its allowance ;
city of Washington and District of Columbia, !■ but they do not u^ani u as any pan of the constitution,
  "'s nor will its appiova! oi disappioval hv C'ongtess affret tho
I validity of th.it constitution if the .State be admitted into
tiie Union as recommended.5'
with an amendment; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill
(S. No. 161) for the admission of the State of
Kansas into the Union.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the important
subject growing out of the admission of Kansas
as a State into this Union, is again presented to
the consideration of the Senate through the report
of the committee of conference. While there are
certain preliminary questions respecting the au-
thority of the Senate to consider that matter until
the bill has been returned to us by the House of
Representatives, 1 propose for the present to pass
over those, and to consider the immediate subject
before us.
It- seems to me indispensable to a fair under-
standing of the question now presented that we
should recur to the history of this transaction, and
see what has been done heretofore. In doing so
at this lime, I feel it incumbent on me to say that
while I shall treat tho members of the committee
with that respect which I feel for them individu-
Now, sir, I call the attention of the Senate to
this important posture of affairs. Acting upon
the repoit and judgment of that committee, the
Senate pioceeded to consider the bill which they
reported. They adopted the opinion contained in
I the report, thatthe ordinance was no part of the
| constitution, and that tho constitution would be
i in no wise nfloated if the State were admitted into
, the Union under it, though we disapproved and
disavowed the ordinance. That bill was sent to
; the House of Representatives. The House of
; Representatives refused to pass it. There was
j ascertained to be a decided, fixed, unalterable
; majority of the House of Representatives against
| that bill; but they sent us instead of it a proposi-
j tion of their own, a plain, just, fair proposition,
! one which it became Congress to make,and would
j be becoming the people of Kansas to receive and
! act upon. It came here. The Senate refused to take
it, and sent it back to the House of Represent-
j atives; the House adhered to their original posi-
: tion, and a committee of conference was finally
j agreed to between the two Houses.
1 Now, what do they say? I asl$ that question
; here to-day, and 1 shall bo obliged to any mcm-
I ber of the committee, or to any advocate of their
j report, if they will an.swer me some of the ques-
j lions which, m the course of my remarks, I-lshall
: ask. 1 repeat a^ain, Mr. President, what do the
| committee say ? That there is a difference of opin-
' ion between the two Houses as to whether the
constitution re lire ts the will of the people or not,
os to the propuety of whether it shoifltt be sub-
mitted to the people in order to determine whether
it is their will and their constitution ? Not a word
of it. Will nny member ofJbe committee, or of
this body, teli me that thereTas been any other
dispute between the two Houses than that? I
beg leave to repeat the question, sir; for I desire
it somewhere to be answered: will the committee,
or any advocate of its report, tell me that there
has been any dispute between the two Houses,
except as to the question whether this constitu-
tion was fairly made, and whether it really and
truly reflected the will of the people of Kansas?
That is the only question upon which the two
Houses have been differing.
13ut what says our committee? They say it is
important to determine a question upon the ordi-
nance. I would like to ask a member of the com-
mittee, I would like to ask an advocate of their
proposition, where did you learn that there was a
dispute in Congress, or in Kansas, about the or-
dinance? Wluue is the information that the peo-
ple of Kansas are disputing with the proposition
of the Committee on Territories of this body, as
to the amount of land they shall have ? Who has
heard it, and fiom whoncedid he heprit? Who has
heard the question mooted in (he Senate? "Who
has heard it mooted in the Hall of the House of
Representatives? Has a man in the broad do-
main of the United States raised a dispute upon
this topic? Not a living man.
Sir, i alluded to it in tho first speech I made
here for a purpose which is pertinent to-day. I
alluded to it as a part of the plan of that conven-
tion to bribe the people of Kansas. By this plan,
if it was found impossible to seduce a majority of
Congress, that convention might hope that the
people of Kansas, if they could get <$30,000,000
worth of land, might be willing to take this con-
stitution. Before I made my speech in Decem-
ber last, the acting chairman of the Committee
on Territories [Mr. Green] made a speech in re-
ply to the honorable Senator frffrn Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas;] and what did he say? lie said:
u The ordinance that accompanies the constitution Is held
bv ><>1)10 to he <'\navn«.mt in its demand* on tlic Fedeial
Government I tinny or may not he *o. Whether it be right
to accede lo the proportion submitted in the shape of an
ouhnance or not, I shall not now stop to discuss ; for I bold
that it is no pai t of the constitution of Kansas. It is a sepa-
i:*te proposition presented by the convention of Kansas,
and it is a mattei of con tract with the Fedeial Government
whethi'i we accede to it or not. We may dwilfnm that con-
Unet In other w<ud«, it is a jiro-pontizn, and wc may make
a rounter proposition, it is a matter for consideration, tor
adpjniment; and it is no branch or part of the constitution
ot the fcState."
I have said that the president of the convention
certifies to us that it is; and that the convention at
Lecompton made it a part of the constitution; and
that we have no better evidence of the constitution
itself than we have of this fact. But, sir, I care
not which way it is settled. I say again that, from
the time this measure was introduced into Con-
gress down to to-day, there has not only not been
no dispute between the two Houses, but there has
been no dispute between any members of Con-
gress, as to whether we should give one or the
other of these land propositions. And yet the
confeience committee comes here and tells us that
they have deemed it desirable to submit to a vote
of tho people of Kansas, the question whether
they will take the same land donations that we
made to the State of Minnesota in the bill for the
admission of that State into the Union. By what
authority, I say, do they tell us that story, and
upon what ground is it founded? They tell us
that that is the only question submitted. The
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Gree>j,] both af-
firmed in their places yesterday that there was no
submission of the Lecompton constitution to the
people of Kansas. The Senator from Virginia
said he never had agreed, and he never would
agree, to submit to the people of Kansas the Le-
1 compton constitution by an act of Congress: ana
j yet, both of these Senators tell ijs, the bill which
I they have presented tolls us, that ir the land prop-
