1858.
SenatoTs^rwUi^
this were a free-State constitution, and had been
reacted by the people of Kansas in oil the forms
in which this has been,and it should be now mo-
posed to submit it to them in tins mode, this de-
spicable, trickisli mode, is there a southern man in
Congress who would vote for it? ,
can say in the sincerity of my heart I
that were the fact this day. It it wfr.^l w ,
stand here as I stand to-day ; and so long as I.am
permitted to represent that intelligent and noble
people living in the State of Michigan, I "ever wdl
agree that tlere shall be one mode of P«>P0*lnt>
to a people for a slave-State, and another to a free-
State constitution—never, sir, nevei. Is
government ? Is this leaving the people of Ka -
sas, in the language of the organic act, perfectly
free to form and regulate their own domestic in-
stitutions in their own way ? Is this perfect free-
dom? What, then, I ask, would be perfect op-
pression ? Sir, no man dare assert it. It is not
P1"when that House bill was sent here, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigj.eii] made a
speech against it. Speaking of the doctrine that
Congress has always advocated, he saiu.
"An essential element in that doctrine, is; 111 at
will not interfere with the domestic affam.of the 1 trnto
lies ; that as to the mode and manner of roak nig■<■ >■'"
ment, the people of the Territories should be unrestrained ,
that Congress would decide only upon the question ot m -
mission inder the oblation. of the Constitution and that
would be on the etude point whether the go\ unmem pro
Rented was republican m its foim, and not as to the n.ndo
of making the constitution—leaving that work with the peo-
ple
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1845
to be adopted, the fovm of voting ought to.bp such as would
give those people the opportunity of deciding, unembar-
rassed, the question of .slavery which has harassed them
ftoin the first hour of their organization."
Is it not remarkable, Mr. President, that an hon-
orable Senator who objected to the House proposi-
tion for these reasons, should be so suddenly trans-
formed into an advocate for the proposition of this
committee? On this occasion my honorable friend
from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] also said something. He
said:
''According to my apprehension of what i<* due to this case,
the House amendment ^ utterly inadmissible. It h a vio-
lations I understand it, ot ovciy principle on which Con-
gress can admit a new State ; o! every sale precedent s ana
a violation of cveiy principle heretofoie ptofessed by the
Democratic party of the United States. It 13 an miimr mil.
It cannot make peace. It can make nothing butdwuuo-
ancetn Kansas, and everywheie eNe. I shall endeavor to
sustain these proportion* as the r.\\>on why, cmaimy to
mv own entire and perfect s>ati*faeiion, 1 shall vote against
that biJl at every hazard.
« Tlie main idea of this proposition, ot rather itn preten-
sion, is that the Cong.ere of the United reinnnd.
the constitution of Kansas to a vote of the people: and u hat
for? Who authorized us to remand that constitution to a
vote of the people?
He objected to this House proposition bccause
it undertook to provide how the people of Kansas
should make the next constitution if they rejected
this one. Does not that objection apply with
equal, and with greater force to this proposition?
Speaking of this doctrine further, he says:
" Sir Unit ia the doctrine of the Democratic party, held
hv them because it is consistent with the Constitution, con-
sistent Willi the true interests ot this great country, and w ith
tlie rights ot'all classes of the people and all sections ot tin.
'"Now =it, I regaid the House proposition as direct and
violent intervention, because it proposes to discard win..the
people have done, and to institute a nfiv mode of 1
1111! It pioposes to set aside what the people ol ^aiHiis
have done 11. the way of changing iheir government Horn a
territorial 10 a Statu lorm, and to presenile to them how
they shall pioceed heieaftorin making a government.
That was the Senator's notion of intervention,
and that was the basis of his objection to tlie
House bill. He objects to the bill further because
it does not present'the issue which lie says exists
in the State of Kansas. He says the issue in Kan-
sas is the slavery issue; and tligf by the House
bill they are not at liberty to voteVipon it. Are
thev at liberty to vote upon it in this proposition r
Hear liis argument, sir. He quotes from the ^
House amendment this clause: m
'■ At the said election the vote shall be by ballot, and liy |
indon.n- on his. ballot, as each voter may p ea e, lor the
constitution,' or ' against tlie constitution.' j
He then says: I
" That form vou perceive, sir, would not present to tlie
neon e o ' Km" as the great question at i-sue there, the qne«-
f,rw.uch has agitated th2 country
the other, to wit: whether Kansas .hall bct 1
Stat*. Slavery is m the constitution as. it *}T}9 i
question thus pic-cntod would be, wheUcrthry would liav j
a sluce State or no State at all." ^ :
Those words, to make them emphatic in the
Senator's speech,areitalicised. He objccts to the
bill because it presents the question whether they
will have a slave State or no State at all. lJoeb
not the proposition of the conference committee
do that too ? He did not state the House propo-
sition correctly, because the question presented
there was, would they have the Lecompton con-
stitution or have a new one made by themselves,
but this proposition is the exact case stated by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. The ques-
tion here presented to the people of Kansas is,
will you have a constitution making a slave btate,
or no State at all? because Congress says m its
bill that if you do not accept this proposition you
shall have no State at all for an indefinite period
of time.
Now he reasons:
<■ Those who desue it to be a free State would hav■« no
f-m opuoil'uiitv of cdirywir "at iheir wid. Thev ore to be
disiianchised on thw vote."
Is not that this case, so far as human language
can perfect it!
" They can have no voice. Now, sir, if this mea,uie is
That is the question. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio say to-day, that this question is
not remanded to Kansas for a vote of the people,
which is to determine its fate ?
Mr. PUGH. By this bill?
j Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. 1 sny it is not.
Mr. STUART. Very well, sir; that is pre-
cisely what I desire. , . ,
Mr. PUGH. I not only say it is not remand-
ed, but I would not vote for the bill if it did re-
mMr 'sTUART. Precisely so. The Senator
could not vote for it and make this speech. Now,
eir, what was his objection ? lie asks in this most
emphatic language: whore do you get the author-
ity to remind that constitution to Kansas for a
vote of the people ? Suppose the honorable Sen-
ator, as a member of tins body, should be to d
to-day that here is a bill for the relief of John
Jones, and the order of the Senate is, that as you
vote upon that bill, so is your vote upon the de-
ficiency bill,and it will be counted at the desk a.,
such: will the honorable Senator tell me that that
' is no submission at all for the action of this ben-
ate upon the deficiency bill ?
Mr. PUGH. I say it would be. _
Mr. STUART. Yon do not count it as it af-
fects John Jones, but you count it as it_ affects the
deficiency bill, or you count it for both. It you
pass John Jones's bill, you pass the deficiency
bill; if you reject John Jones's bill, you reject the
deficiency bill. The Senator says that would be
action upon the'deficieney bill Now sir, you
say to the people of Kansas, if you vote foi this
land, the President will proclaim you m the Union
I under the constitution made at Lecompton; if you
I vote against this land, it is to be taken as an ex-
! pression of your will that you do not wish admis-
I sion into the Union under the Lr?compt°n consti-
j tution. That is the language of the bill, that that
stitution—not at all, because that might stick in
the throat of somebody there. It. is carefully-
worded, therefore, to say that thbre is not the
most indirect approval of the constitution, it you
vote for the proposition; but if you vote against it,
then it is to be deemed, and taken and held, tnat
you do want to come in under the Lecompton con-
stitution, with the land attached. What further
objection did my honorable friend raalce to that
bill? He said:
" But, fit, that w not the worst of it. This House amend-
ment does not, in truth, refer the ewnstitution of Kansas
back to the people of Kansas."
He says the House amendment does not do
that. The Senator asks:
« Who are the people ofK^fisag—I mean tho people au-
: thorized to vote lot or against this constitution ? ri he con-
I suuuion define* them. One part of tlie constitution was
submitted th<  people ; one part was* ratified by every ar-
gument winch men can receive ; I mean the seventh article,
i That not onlv pa-jf-ed the convention, but it passed the vote
of the people; and who weie they? The constitution tells
I us :
" 'At winch election the constitution framed by this con-
vention shall be submitted to all the white male inhabitants
ot the Territory of Kansas in th« said Territory upon that
day, and over the age of twenry-one years, for ratification
°'"r iSTre the people of Kansas; they are the people do-
fined bv the confutation of Kansas ; they are the body of
f lectors to ratify or reject thecousutungn ; and we have no
riijUt to substitute any other body of electors greater
than that, h the seventh articio to be overturned by the
vote of a larger or a smaller number than provided there?
if so, we might as well unmake the whole coustnunon of
Kaunas*. To whom does tins amendment remit it. it pro-
vides"—
J. 11(11 Jo Hit.
is to be taken as an expression at the polls hat
you do not wish to be admitted into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution. _
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator mote than a moment, as I intendI to rep y
at some length to him, but I only wish to put in
a CMC,if. That is not my interpretation ot this
bilMr. BTUART. Well, Mr. President, fortu-
nately that is one thing which the committee of
conference has not left us to interpret. The
amendment they propose states:
« B„t shouW « niajonty Wc
o/'K™T< oi'.o dt eLdmi.IL, into the Uimm with said
coiisntutioti umlef the condition set forth m said propo.l-
6°w„w I aav there is no room for interpretation;
.ndTisVlkle curious, Mr President to see
what the effect of voting the other way is.
« Should a majority of the ^TaL 'tho
aceeptod,' tho PiotK ontof t' announce, the same by
i fact is duly made wlthout any Anther pro-
ineanTp^ whatever shall he complete
and absolute."
Mark you, sir, to vote for the " P™pos.tion
accepted,- does not say it shall then be du-mul
and held that you want to come m unde. thib con-
now quoting; from the amendment
t t grc. 4. Jjiul be if finther enacted, That, in tlie elec-
tion heieiiv authorized, all white male inhabitants of said
1 T«i nion. over the age of twenty-one years who are legil
vnti'is, under the laws ot the Terutoryol Kansas, and none
otlu-r,, vhatl lie allowed to vote.'
" Wlmt is tlie qu.ililieatioii lor a voter under the teruto-
rial laws ol'Kan-as? That he Mian be a citizen ot theuiii- .
ted {States, and shall h«ve resided mx months \n the Terti-
tory."
My honorable friend objected to the House
proposition because it submitted the fate of the
constitution to a different body of electors than
the constitution itself provided for.
Mr. PUGH. Not submitted the fate of tlio
constitution, but the constitution itself.
Air. STUART. Is not that the fate of the con-
stitution ? . :
Mr. PUGH. The Senator must not interpolate
words. ,, ,
Mr STUART. I am very willing to say sub-
mit the constitution," if there is any distinction
between the phrases. .
Mr PUGH. There is avital distinction.
Mr". STUART. Then,becausc they submitted
the constitution to a different body of electors—
and the Senator affirmed that—they had no right
to submit that constitution to a diftcrent body ot
voters from that body provided for in the consti-
tution itself.
Mr. PUGH. I say so still.
Mr. STUART. Let me compare that with tms
case." The Senator concedes that the vote of the
neoplo,under this committee's amendment, on the
land ordinance will determine the existence or
non-existence of the constitution.
Mr PUGH. Bccause it determines the ques-
tion whether the State is admitted into the Union
"m"''STUART. Precisely, I agree with him.
It determines the fate of the question, whether
Kansas comes into the Union with tlie Lecomp-
ton constitution or not. Now, what is: the differ
once between saying that the vote shall be upon
the constitution, and that it shall be upon the
land; and as you vote on the land so is the result
counted on the constitution ? Why, sir, it bungs
you back to my illustration. You do not ^tell the
fish that you want him to agree to take the hooK
in his mouth. You only tell him you want htm
to swallow the bait", that is all.
There was another reason urged for passing
this original Senate bill, which was entirely a po-
litical reason. It was said that it was all-import-
ant that this Kansas controversy should not he
permitted to go into the next presidential election,
i Sir the verv effect of this bill is to carry it there,
1 h'resisubVy and inevitably. What do you say?
If you reject this constitution-arid I
y??.' sir? that it
:! you, sir, that it is rejected already W ™
; of Ivansas-you shall not make  n lh«,,Xfo0u,
j; have the requisite population for one member o
