1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
down the insubordinationin Utah, and the officers
to put down insubordination in the Commons—
that is it, sir.
The objectionable feature of the proposition of
the Senator from Tennessee, in this view of the
subject, is that it does not repose so much confi-
dence In the intelligence and discrimination of the
Executive as it does in the people, and it under-
takes to introduce democracy into the Army. .If
the Senator had ever read Captain Marryatt's
" Midshipman Easy," he would have seen what
was the result of introducing democracy into the
Nary, and he will find that it will be about as easy
to introduce it into the Army. It will not do.
Democracy is very good to talk about and make
speeches on; but when you come to apply it as a
practical thing, and actually give the people the
right of choosing their own officers, it assumes a
different phase. I say we ought to submit to the
censures of the Administration, when it tells us
that we have not reflected. We cannot have re-
flected. Who is to choose these officers? How
are they to be selected ? Is this " cheap material,"
this " rabble," to come together, and in the ex-
ercise of its discretion, choose officers for the regi-
ments ? No, sir; I am compelled, in behalf of the
Administration, to protest against it. True, they
have not requested me to do so, [laughter,] but I
stand up for those that have no friends, anywhere
and everywhere. [Laughter.] That is what made
me an anti-slavery man, because the slaves had
nobody to speak for them. The Administration
have nobody to speak for them here, and I would
say, for them, we do not want this volunteer bill;
we want the whole or nothing; we want the regi-
ments with the right of appointing all the officers
—" lieutenants, captains, majors, lieutenant col-
onels, and colonels." I tell you, these plumes
and epaulets will do more to quell insubordination
than the bayonets; and they will quell it in the
right place, where it is a great deal more difficult
to deal with than it is in Utah or India.
For these reasons, while I am glad that the
honorable Senator from Virginia has introduced
his proposition, I cannot go for it. I shall vote
fur the amendment of the Senator from Tennes-
see, but I shall only vote for it as an amendment.
If it be adopted, and it shall come up on its pas-
sage as the bill, I shall vote against it, because I
believe with him, this whole movement is unneces-
sary—utterly so. I believe with him, that there
will be 110 war in Utah. I would send a school-
master there instead of an army. I would send
a commissioner there instead of an armed force.
It is not wanted. You may read the history of
the world, from the beginnmgof time down to this
moment, and you will find in that history that
fanaticism, of whatever kind it maybe, to use the
classical phrase of my friend from New York,
however " leprous" it may be, has never been
put down by the sword. It never has been, it
never will be, and it never can be put down by
arms. That is not what is wanted in Utah.
I must protest again before the Senate and be-
fore the country against the argument which is
repeated so many times, that if gentlemen do not
satisfy anybody else they will by-and-by satisfy
themselves that they are in earnest when they talk
about this increase of the Army being wanted for
the present emergency. Wtrat cmeigency ? Has
not the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who represents—no, sir; he ordinarily
represents the Administration,but he does not on
(his occasion—has he not told you that they do
not want it for an emergency. They do not want
it for a temporary purpose. They want it for all
coming time, and for that reason I am opposed to
every amendment. I hope somebody will go with
me; but if not, I will go alone—it will not be the
tiist time. I am opposed to every amendment
which undertakes to fix limitations on this bill,
telling the country that it is only to be used for
two years. If the amendment of the honorable
Senator fromVirginia be adopted, I will go against
that, because I know it isillusoryand deceptive. I
do not mean that the Senator is deceptive. I know
that he could not practice deception if he tried
to do so, such is the integrity and the straight-
forwardness of his character; but the measure is
deceptive. It will go out to the country to quiet
their distrust against an increase of the standing
Army, and in that way may lull the public sus-
picion anddisarmthe public jealousy against this
obstinate and persevering attempt to increase the
standing Army of the United States. I tell you
these amendments are not worth the paper on
which they are written. Vote three regiments now,
and when the time comes to disband them, they
will ask for three more; and if there is no emer-
gency, people will get up and talk of an emer-
gency just as if one actually existed.
Let us meet this question fairly. If we must
persist in the illusion, the deception, the legisla-
tive fraud, of saying that there is an emergency
requiring an increase of the military force of the
country at^this time, let us adopt the measure of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee,'which
treats it as an emergency, and looks at it as an
emergency. But, sir, do not let us, under any
such appeals, be led into the support of this
measure, which, if it be not a permanent increase
of the standing Army of this country, would not
have been asked for—would not have been pre-
sented; and we should not have been hereto-day
debating it, if it was only a temporary emergency
that was looked for. It is no such thing; and I
am grieved and surprised that gentlemen will
insist upon calling it and treating it as an emer-
gency, when they are told, orer and over again,
that that is not it. There is no emergency. True
there are Indians in our Territories, and there
always have been; there are fanatics 
Mr. TOOMBS. They are on the decrease.
Mr. HALE. My friend from Georgia says
they are on the decrease. Well, take it at that,
and show your faith by your works. Show that
you believe fanaticism is on the decrease. Com-
bat it as fanaticism ever ought to be combated,
by reason, and argument, and persuasion.
Now, sir, I say that this attempt to send outan
army to put down Mormonism in Utah makes the
crusades of the middle ages a prudent and saga-
cious expedition. Then all Christendom turned
out to redeem the holy sepulcher from the prof-
anation of the infidel; and that was a prudent and
wise measure compared with the attempt of this
country, at this time, to raise an army of six or
seven or four or five thousand men to be marched
over the mountains and plains of the western
wilderness to put down this fanaticism in Utah.
We are insisting upon it that that is the object,
when the Administration tells us all the time,
when the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs tells us always, that that is not what they
want it for. We are dealing with the Adminis-
tration as a conceited quack would deal with a
healthy man, trying to persuade him that he is
sick of a certain complaint, and that we have an
excellent nostrum to cure him, when he says all
the time, " I am not sick, and want none of your
medicine." So the Administration, speaking
through their organ on this floor, tell us that they
do not recognize the existence of an emergency in
Utah calling for an increase of the Army; but we
tell them, " Very well; wo will give it to you, and
you may keep it until after the emergency is over."
It is over now; it is over this minute; it was over
before you began to talk.
But it said " just let these Mormons know that
the President lias a force sufficient to put them
down, and they will listen to reason." Good
Heaven! do they not know it now ? Do they not
know that the President has the whole Army and
Navy at his command? Do they not know that
he has all the money of the nation at his com-
mand, and all that you can borrow besides ? Do
they not know that he has an organized Army to-
day of fifteen thousand men? Do they not know
that the whole gigantic power of this nation may
be wielded against them ? If they do not know
that, if they have not read it by what lies patent
upon the face of the world, are you, by the pas-
sage of this act, recognizing an emergency going
to convince them that there is a great military
power which can pui them down, notwithstand-
ing they have not found it out yet? It might be
said, as was said in olden time, that if they hear
not Moses and the Prophets, they will not be con-
vinced though you vote that there is an emer-
gency.
For these reasons I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Tennessee as
an amendment, and then go against the bill, let it
be amended as it may.
Mr. GWIN. Some days ago I offered as an
amendment to this bill a substitute to add five
regiments to the regular Army. My object was
to ascertain whether or not the Senate preferred
the proposition of the Secretary of War, as em-
bodied in the substitute I offered, or the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs. If
my substitute had been adopted, I should have
moved various modifications, as it was the bill
sent to the Military Committee by the Secretary
ofWar. I was notin favor of increasing the Army
as had been proposed by the Secretary of War in
the form that he wished it to be increased. I do
not believe the military force of the United Staten,
as it is organized at present, is adapted to the
wants of those sections of the Confederacy where
their services are most needed. I do not believe
that the present military establishment, extensive
as it is, meets the wants and emergencies of the
section of the country where those Indians are
located whom they are intended to keep in sub-
ordination. If the proposition I moved had been
sustained I should have offered a further amend-
ment to make three of the five regiments mounted
rangers, as proposed by the Senator from Texas,
for the purpose of having that kind of force which
is adapted to Indian warfare in his State and on
the Pacific coast. I have no doubt, carrying out 
the statement of the Senator from Texas, that if
we could have two thousand such troops as he
suggested, commanded by such men as General
Joe Lane and Jack Hayes, the whole Army might -
be withdrawn from that coast, with the exception
of artillerymen from the fortifications. Give JLane
and Hayes the selection of their officers for two
such regiments, and you would have in the saddle
such a force as never has been seen in this coun-
try, taking into consideration their numbers and
the efficient service they would perform.
The Senator from New Hampshire thinks
there is no emergency for raising any troops, vol-
unteers or regulars. It is well known that we
have a large force in Utah already. There cer-
tainly is an emergency to relieve that force. It is
not of sufficient strength to meet the Mormons if
they intend war. They cannot be conquered with
such a force. It is utterly impossible for the Uni-
ted States to retreat from its position; and that is
to bring the Mormons to subordination to the
laws of the United States. The latest intelligence
we have is, that they are in open collision with
the authorities of this Government, and it is im-
possible for the President to retreat from his pres-
ent position without disgrace and dishonor. The
emergency exists. We have a portion of our
Army there, and they must be relieved. The
President must go on, unless Congress, byre-
fusing to give him the proper aid, puts it out of
his power to progress in bringing the Mormons
to subordination.
Iam in favor of giving the President this aid; but
I prefer to give volunteers according to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Tennessee, instead of
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia,
which will presently be offered as an amendment.
My reason is that we ought, to relieve Colonel
Johnston m the speediest manner that is possi-
ble. I know that we cannot get soldiers to enlist
in the regular Army in the State I represent. The
people of that State will not enlist, but they will
respond to a call for volunteers. The President
ought to have power to call out a force of either
volunteers or regulars. We ought to give him the
power, or censure him for sending that portion of
the Army now in Utah to that Territory. I think,
a volunteer force would be more efficient, for the
reason that if you intend to relieve Colonel John-
ston, you must do it in the most speedy manner;
and I believe by raising volunteers nearest to the
country where those troops are,, and marching
them expeditiously, you will sooner bring the
war to a conclusion.
I have made some examinations in regard to the
manner of approaching this Utah Territory, and
I have made comparisons from official documents
to show that you can get from the Pacific coast
to Salt Lake forty-five days sooner than you can
by starting from Fort Leavenworth. All the
troops on this side have to meet at that point and
march from there. I have official documents to
prove this fact; and hence I say we ought to have
volunteers who can be called into the field with
more rapidity, and relieve the Army now in Utah -
more speedily, if mustered into service from the
Pacific coast, than by any regular troops or vol-
unteers marched from this side of the Continent.
I base this statement upon the following facts,
carefully compiled from official documents.
