1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SKSwf*
one half or one quarter finished, and useless in
their present condition, one cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. An appropriation
bill was reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means to provide for the preservation of some of
the present fortifications of the United States, and
an amendment was offered to add $2,000,000 to
that bill. Itfailed. The gentleman now finds fault
with the action of the House, because the House
has voted money to somplete the Capital, to finish
the water works, and to complete the erection of
two or three other buildings in this city; and yet
thegentleman,in answertoan inquiry thatl made,
acknowledges that he sustained all those appro-
priations, thus justifying the action of the House,
and the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means which reported those bills. But because
to complete the forts upon the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts, and upon the Gulf, does not receive the ap-
proval of that committee, the gentleman from Del-
aware charges that the members of that committee
are actuated by parsimonious feelings, and an un-
willingness to place the country in a state of de-
fense. Is the gentleman willing to borrow money
at this time to complete the foitifications upon our
sea-coast?
Mr. WHITELEY. Yes, air.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. He is desirous
immediately of placing the country in a state of
defense, and gentlemen have pointed to the fact
that outrages have been committed on our com-
merce, and they use that as an argument why
we should appropriate a large sum of money for
the completion of our fortifications. But what
defense do they afford? They only defend those
who are placed within their walls from cannon
shot, and, to the extent of the range of the guns,
those who may be without the walls. If forces
are to be landed upon the coast, would they be
landed within the range of the guns upon those
fortifications? or would they seek some other
place, going entirely around those fortifications?
That was the case when our troops took Vera
Cruz. The main attack upon that fortress was
from the land, and not the sea.
Mr. PALMER. I ask the gentleman by what
channel the British invaded this country in 1814 ?
I ask him whether Fort Montgomery, the second
on this list, does not command the outlet of Lake
Champlain, by which England then invaded us,
and by which she will invade us again, if we aban-
don the construction of this fort5
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. But does the gen-
tleman forgot the facility we now have of trans-
porting troops to any given point in the country?
Does he forget that we now have railroads open
to the extent of twenty thousand miles, and that
at twenty-four hours' notice we could concentrate
on any part of the Atlantic sea-board ten thousand
men, m addition to those living in the vicinity?
As to the very point the gentleman indicates, I
ask him if we could not concentrate there, within
twenty-four hours, a large body of troops sum-
moned from different portions of the country?
Mr. PALMER. And in less than twelve hours
Great Britain could-send there a fleet of twenty
gun-boats and an army of twenty thousand men,
and overrun the borders of Lake Champlain, un-
less this fort be put in a proper state of defense.
She has done it before, and would do it again.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That fort will
never defend you. When Great Bntain seeks to
invade us, it will not be there.
Mr. WHITELEY. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation $100,000. I have listened to-
day, Mr. Chairman, with a greatdeal of pleasure
to the effusion of patriotism shown by gentlemen
on this floor, relative to the proposition to increase
our Navy. Now, while I am willing,as hereto-
fore, to vote for every one of these appropriations,
I wish to call the attention of the committee to the
condition of Fort Point on the bay of San Fran-
cisco. Gentlemen may talk very well on this floor
about fifty thousand troops being called into the
field as soon as the first blast of the war bugle is
heard; but 1 ask how is it to be with California,
separated thousands and thousands of miles from
the other States of the Confederacy, and having
its only intercourse with them by a semi-monthly
mail, by the Isthmus of Panama r If the war now
impending should take place, in what condition
would my State be placed ? The first thing that
would be done by the enemy would be to capture
the California steamers; because every officer in
command of a British vessel would be anxious to
secure the prize-money—consisting of millions,
which we are semi-monthly sending you from
our State—that he would derive from such a cap-
ture.
Now, if you give us this $150,000 to continue
the works at Fort Point, which guards the en-
trance to the mouth of the harbor of San Fran-
cisco, we can defend ourselves and defy the com-
bined and united fleet of England. But strike
down that appropriation and leave the fort un-
completed, and we are at the mercy of the most
powerful maritime nation of the globe. This ap-
propriation should be separate and distinct fiorn
the rest, although I will checrfully vote for them
all, in order to place all sections of our Union in
a proper state of defense. Here, in the Atlantic
States, you have your means of defense; you have
your ships in the harbors, and can concentrate
them at a given point to do battle with the naval
forces of a foreign Power; but there is a portion
of the Confederacy which is undefended and un-
able to defend itself from the British Pacific squad-
ron. I do not look upon this as a war measure,
fur even in the time of peace we should be pre-
pared for war; and justicc demands that this ap-
propriation should be made. You will not give
us a Pacific railroad. The route across Salt
Lake is already stopped up by war with the Mor-
ftions. You have an overland route, it is true,
between Texas and San Diego; but let any gen-
tleman make the calculation and tell me honestly
and candidly if you could transport troops by that
route in sufficient time to protect us. True, in
California, we could raise in time of war fifty
thousand as gallant men as ever shouldered mus-
ket or trod in shoe leather; but, unless you give
us an appropriation by which we can have the
means and material necessary to defend that flag
which you all honor as much as 1 do, I tell you
you will see the painful and humiliating spectacle
of the country being placed in the condition of
having one portion of it captured, in the posses-
sion and at the mercy of a foreign foe.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr, LETCHER. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that we ha\e a new definition of " putiiut-
novv-a-days. It consists m spending money.
The gentleman from California insists upon it,
that unless we display our patriotism in that way,
California will be ruined. Now, sir, I take the
occasion to say that no nation-has ever exhibited
more of this sort of " patriotism " to a portion of
her people than this Government has shown to
California, from the time she was admitted as a
State into the Union. We have appropriated
much more largely to her than to any other State
for fortifications and for various other purposes,
within the limited time that she has been a member
of the Confederacy of States. But the gentleman
says now we must go on, that we must continue
to make appropriations in answer to her demands.
He says that if war breaks out, California is in
an exposed condition. Why, have we not heard
ail day that there is to be no war? Has not that
been the cry from the time the debate commenced
this morning up to the present moment; that the
increase of the Navy was for the protection of
commerce; that no war was to grow out of the
difficulties between this country and England;
that all was settled, and that if war was-to come,
we would be required to construct a much laiger
number of vessels? And now, when these forti-
fications come up we are told that we must build
them for the purpose of being prepared for that
very war which nobody believes is coming !
Mr. CLAY. 1 would Jikc to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia who it was that asserted on
this floor to-day that there was no danger of v. ar?
Mr. LETCHER. I think that several did. I
know that several asserted that the proposed in-
crease of the Navy was a matter for the protec-
tion of commerce. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs took that ground. I
think various other gentlemen took that ground,
over and over again; and I think my friend from
Kentucky does not suppose that there is quite as
much danger now as there was a short time ago.
Mr. CLAY. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. LETCHER. Then you think there is?
Mr. CLAY. Ye.;, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I am afraid, Mr: Chairman*
that I shall-begin to get alarmed myself. -
Mr. CLAY. And if the gentleman will-allow:
me, I will tell him why.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear.
Mr. CLAY. Because I see in the papers this
afternoon accounts of forty-one vessels that have
been visited and searched, almost in our own
waters.
Mr. LETCHER. I think I saw that last nigfa£
in the Herald; so that my friend from Kentucky
is twenty-four hours behind time with his inform*-
ation.
Mr. CLAY. I do not read the Herald.
Mr. LETCHER. Then let me advise you to
take an enterprising newspaper, that you maybe
posted. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Scott's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the Senate amend-
ment, the chairman ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Arnold and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So the Senate amendment was not concurred
in.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not believe that the state
of business requires that we should sit here twelve
hours out of the twenty-four; and I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Florence were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 40, noes 81.
So the committee refused to rise.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
For the payment of claims favorably reported upon by
the board,ot Aimv otiieer*, appointed under the sixth sec-
tion of the act appioved Aujiusi 31, 1852. in their Una! re-
port to Congress dated April 19, 18.35, $7,872 53J.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment. It appears to be forafi
unsettled balance 
[Loud cries of " Question !" and " Vote!"]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will talk for half
( an hour if I hear that noise a^ain.
i [Renewed and vehementcriesof " Question!"
i " Question
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will remark that
i I would not say one word, but 1 find that wheft I
say nothing about an amendment, it leads to
an hour's debate, and then the committee con-
sume another half hour in trying to rise. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
For the construction of bridges and tlie Improvement of
the crossings ot streams on the road from Fort tfiaith, in
Arkansas, to Albuquerque, in New Mexico, $50,000; aiyl
that $100.'d00 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended m completing connected sections of the
ro.nl extending from Albuquerque, in the Territory of New
Mexico, westw.-nd on the route of the Colorado river, and
on or near the tlmty-fifth paiallel ot north latitude.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amount of
the appropriation for this wagon road is $150,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommen4
a. non-concirri*ence.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is an important amend-
ment, and one which ought to be considered, and
we are not in a condition to consider it to-night.
J therefore move that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say
something in relation to the amendment. To be
in order 1 move, pro format to increase the appro-
priation $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of this House, during the present session,
reported a bill proposing to appropriate $100,000
to make a military road from Albuquerque to the
Colorado river. The Secretary of War recom-
mends it as a military road. It is for the purpose
of having aline of communication from the valley
of the Rio Grande, in the center of New Mexico,
to the Colorado, in the direction of Fort Tejon,
one of the forts near the junction of the Sierra
Nevada with the coast range of mountains in
southern California.
But it is not designed morely as a military road.
The great line of overland travel from the States
/
