1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
the House; and that is to be ascertained by a cen-
sus legally taken. How is a census legally taken ?
What is'the law about taking the census? It is
to be taken once in ten years. The next census
will "be taken in I860, two years hcrice.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator mean to say
that by the census spoken of in this billis meant
the decennial census?
Mr. STUART. I mean to say that it is a cen-
sus legally taken.
Mr. PUGH. It can be taken by an act of the
Territorial Legislature at any time.
Mr. STTJART. I do not"think that is so.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly it is; and that is a
legal census.
Mr. STUART. That is not the bill.
Mr. PUGH. It is the bill.
Mr. STUART. I am perfectly willing to con-
cede, for the sake of the argument, that it is the
bill, though I say it is not. I say that if the Sen-
ator lives to see Kansas come back and ask ad-
mittance into the Union, he will find that those
who are urging Lecompton to-day will contend
that the language of this amendment means a cen-
sus taken according to the existing laws. If he
shall live to see that day, and I shall hold a seat
in Congress at the time 
Mr. PUGH.- I tell the Senator that it is utterly
impossible, from the language of the amendment,
that that could be so. if he will only read it he
will see it himself. The ratio of representation is
fixed once in ten years.
Mr. STUART. I understand that perfectly
well. It is conceded on all hands, that in Kansas
there is not the necessary ratio now. It is con-
ceded on all hands that there is not a population
of ninety-three thousand four hundred there; no-
body denies it. Then, when are you going to take
Mother census? and when you get another cen-
sus, will you not have another ratio ? and is it not
probable the next ratio will reacli one hundred
and twenty thousand ?
But, sir, I am willing to take the Senatoi on the
argument that it is a census to be taken by the
authority of the Territorial Legislature; and then
is he any better off? lias ho got this question out
of the presidential election? Does the Senator
suppose thatduring the coming summer there will
be tne necessary population there ? Notatall. If
this question comes into the next Congress, it will
be in the midst of the presidential canvass and
controversy. The very business of the next Con-
gress will be speech-making upon the subject of
who shall be the President m i860. So that you
neither get it out of Congress nor out of the can-
vass of I860; but you inevitably carry it into both.
One word more, sir, upon this doctrine of in-
tervention. The Kansas act, says the President
of the United States, is an enabling act; that that
is a proposition too plain to be argued. It enables
the people, says the Senator fiom Missouri, to
proceed, in their own way and at their own time,
to form a State constitution and be admitted into
the Union. When you provide in this bill that
they shall not proceed until they have the ratio of
inhabitants; that they shall then proceed by an
act of their Legislature, which act shall define how
and when the constitution shall be submitted to
the people; to that extent you repeal the organic
act of Kansas, if the advocates of this measure are
right. Tli at is intervention, then, in its most ob-
noxious form; for you take from the people, ac-
cording to the interpretation the President gives
of the organic act, and the interpretation of most
of his supporters on this question, the right-that
they now hold under that act.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to turn the atten-
tion of the Senate, for one moment, to what the
Committee on Territories, when they reported the
Senate bill, said on this question of population:
" Believing that the paper presented is the legal constitu-
tion of Kausas?, that it is republican in its form, that the
boundaries proposed by it are admissible, and concedinsrthe
sufficiency of the population, the committee recommend' the
admission of Kan«as into the Onion upon the constitution
presented, and report a bill accordingly."5
" Conceding the sufficiency of the population,"
said the Committee on Terutories of the Senate.
What do they stiy now ? What does the Senator
who acted as the chairman of that committee, and
made that report in which lie conceded the suffi-
ciency of the population, say now ? Tie says, m-
i'erentially, that it is very clear there is not a suf-
ficient population m that Territory, and therefore
you shall not proceed again to form a constitution I
until that is an ascertained fact.
One word, Mr. President, as to the argument
of the Senator from Virginia in respect to his
analogous cases. He quoted Iowa and Michigan
aa being cases analogous in principle to this one.
Why, sir, in the first place, it never was pre-
tended , by any man that 1 know of, that Congress
had not full and unqualified power to fix the bound-
aries of a new State which is to be carved out of
our territory. I say that has never been a dis-
puted question in Congress. The case of Mich-
igan stood under the ordinance of 1787; and some
of our people in Michigan contended that, by the
ordinance of 1787, we had a right to the bounda-
ries described in our territorial organization, and
that, on account of the ordinance, Congress could
not change it. I made an examination into that
subject at that day, and I came to the conclusion,
in an hour, that the ordinance of 1787 did not con-
stitute an exception; that Congress had the sole
and unlimited power to describe the boundaries
of the r.ew State carved out of our own territory
when asking to be admitted into this Union.
But, sir, even if that is disputable, there was in
the case of Iowa and in the case of Michigan, an
actual dispute existing. We were in a disputa-
tion with, the Sute of Ohio, and Ohio and Mich-
igan had their citizens under arms on this disputed
boundaiy. In that condition of things, Michigan
asking to be admitted into the Union, what did
Congress do' Why sensibly, wisely, patrioti-
cally, they said: "We will not admit a new State
into the Union,and at thatinstantcreate a bloody
war between that Slate and Ohio as to where the
actual boundary is; we have the power, and we
will settle it now." Therefore, they said to us
in Michigan: " You must, by a convention of
your people, agiee to this boundaiy, and there-
upon you shall be admitted." We did agieo to
Hand weic admitted. But I say again, there was
an actual dispute as to boundary, but no objection
to our constitution, is there any dispute about
this land donation of Kansas? Who is disputing
it? Where does the man live ? Whatis his name ?
There is no controversy about the land grant, but
the people do object to the constitution. Then
what becomes of the analogy ? I have asked, and
I beg leave to repeat the question, is it believed if
this donation of land were submitted as a distinct,
separate pioposition to the people of Kansas that
there would be a vote against it ? Not one. What
then ought to be the preamble to this amend-
ment? In the first place, let us see what it is:
" Whcieas, the people of the Teintory of Kan^w did, by
a convention of delegates assembled at Lecompton on the
7th day of November, I8o7, for th.it pin pose, foim tbi them-
selves a confutation and State government, winch connti-
tution i? icpubiieati ; and wheioa«. at tile same time and
place, said convention did adopt «ui oidin.mce, which said
ordinance assert-* that Kansa>. when admitted as a £tate,
will have an undoubted light to tax the land3 within her
limit* belonging to the United States, and proposes to relin-
quish said a-seited rights it certain conditions, set forth in
said ordinance lie accepted and agreed to l\v the Congiess
of the United State-s; and wherca?, the said constitution
and ordinance have been presented to Congress by oider of
said convention, and admission of said Territory into the
j Union thereon as a tfiati: requited ; and wherea?, said or-
] duifinee is not aeeopuble to Conste^, and it is desirable
j to a-?reitam whetiiei the people of Kansas concur in the
j changes in «aid ordinance hereinafter Plated, and desire
l admi^ion into the Union as a fcUate as herein proposed:
TJieiefore, lie it enacted&c.
Now, sir, is it desirable to ascertain that fact?
The language of the preamble is:
<l Whereas, it is durable to ascertain whether the people
of Kansas concur in the changes."
Have you any doubt aboutit? No man has. Sir,
i this ought to have been the preamble to this bill:
i " Whereas, the Lecompton convention formed a
! constitution which they knew was repugnant to
j the will and wishes of the people of Kansas, and
[ knowing that, refused to submit it to them for lat-
' ification or rejection m fact, though they professed
| to, in form; 'whereas, that constitution has been
i presented to Congress, and whereas, the Senate
| has passed a billlo carry out the project of the
' Lecompton convention, and whereas, a major-
i ity to aid in that purpose cannot be obtained in
| the House of Representatives, and whereas, the
I House insists that the will of the people shall he
| ascertained through a submission of tins consti-
: tuuon to t'hern, and whereas, the minority in the
j House can never be made to vote for a bill that
j does directly submit it, and it being therefore in- .
■ dispensable so to frame a bill that it may be Called
submission in one section of the Union, and non-
submission in the other: Therefore, Be it enact-
ed," &c.
That is this case, and that ought to be the pre-
amble to this proposition, becausc it is the living
truth to-day. Do you tell me, sir, that, if a ma-
jority ^Lvotes could have been obtained in the
House®FRepresentatives to the Senate bill, that
you would have ever troubled yourself to ascer-
tain whether the people would consent to modify
this ordinance ? What did your bill say ? The
second section said:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the State of Kan-
sas Is admitted into the Union upon the express condition that
said State shall never interfere with the primary disposal of -
the public lands, or with any regulations which Congress^
may find neccssary for securing the title in said lands to the *"
bona fide purclmser and grantees thereof, or impose or levy •-
any tax, assessment, or Imposition of any description what-
ever, upon them or other property of the United States
within the limits of said State; aii<i nothing m thisaetshall
be construed as an assent by Congress to all or to any of the
propositions or claims contained in the ordinance of the
said constitution of the people of Kansas, nor to deprive the
said State of Kansas of the t>aine qrants which were con-
tained in the act of Congress entitled 4 An act to authorize
the people of the Territory of Minnesota to foim a consti-
tution and State government,"' &e.
And we amended that, on my motion, so as to
refer to land grants hereafter to be made by Con-
gress. Do you suppose, sir, that there is any
man in Congress or in'this broad Union so weak,
so imbecile, so idiotic—who is out of an asylum—
as to suppose that there is a reality in this pream-
ble to the amendmentof the conference committee,
that that committee really doubted whether the
people of Kansas would be willing to modify that
claim? - Why, sir, the people of Kansas never
mode it. I tell you again, that it was a trick of
this Lecompton convention to ask for such an"
enormous grant, and to make the people believe
that it might be obtained, as would keep them
j: quiot under the fraud they were seeking to prac-
ticc by the constitution they promulgated. That
is it, and it is nothing else.
One word upon the general subject alluded to
by the honorable Senator from Missouri, and I
shall have done. He said, on introducing this
report into the Senate, that it was not an amend-
ment which was entirely satisfactory to anybody.
Well, sir, I agree to that—it is not, and it ought
not to be. But he says that he offers it as a meas-
ure of peace to the country on this distracting sub-
ject. Sir, upon the question of giving peace to
the country upon this slavery question, I will
go as far to-day or any day, while I am honored
with a scat here, as any other living man; I will
go as far as he who goes farthest. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, peace,cither in Kansas or among the States
of this Union, can never be obtained except by
straightforward, honest, fair legislation to all sec-
tions of the country. If Congress seeks to play a
trick upon Kansas, the honest heart of the whole
Republic will, involuntarily, revolt at it. That
Congress in this amendment does seek by this
device, this trick, to slide Kansas into the Union
is too clear for disputation; for, as ] said, without
impugning, and with a design not to impugn, the
motives of any man, this bill must be intended
to mean what are the natural consequences of its
language. It is, therefore, a bill framed to enable
certain men to vote for it upon the ground that it
is not submission of the constitution of Kansas,
and to enable certain other men to vote forit upon
the ground that it is submission; and to cut men
down in one section of the Union who vote against
it bccause it is no submission, and to cut men
down m another section of the Union who vote
against it bccause it is submission.
Now, sir, it may be asked of me—if not here,
it may be asked elsewhere—if I believe that this
bill puts the subject of this constitution within the
power of the people of Kansas, so that they can,
as I believe they will, indignantly put their heel
upon it, and thus destroy the monster—why do I
oppose the measure ? I oppose it upon the same
ground that I would oppose an accumulation of
pioperty in a dishonorable way; I opposo it as I
would oppose the reception of stolen property,
knowing it to be stolen; I oppose it because it
is unbecoming the magnanimity "and generosity
of a great people, and a Congress representing a
great people; because, while in effect the people
may destroy tnis constitution, those who report it
here to-day m their places have said that the con-
stitution js not submitted; I oppose it, sir, upon
higher principles than any possible personal con-
