760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Hitherto a!' troops that have been sent into and
through this Terns cry > have been assembled from
the departments of the East and West, at Fort
Leavenworth on the Missouri, and begun their
march from that post. Prior to the present year,
two marches of this kind have been executed, one
by the rifle regiment in 1849; the other by a com-
mand under Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Steptoe in
1854-55. The route of the former diverged at
Green river to the northward, and entered Oregon
by the way of Fort Hall and the Snake river; that
of the latter was from Fort Leavenworth three
hundred and eleven miles, twenty-one days, to
Fort Kearny; thence three hundred and thirty-six
miles, twenty-three days,to Fort Laramie; thence
two hundred and ninety miles, twenty-four days,
to Pacific Springs, the west extremity of South
Pass of the Rocky Mountains; and thence two
hundred and thirty-two miles, twenty days, to
Great Salt Lake City.
The command left Fort Leavenworth 1st June,
and arrived at Salt Lake City 31st August, 1854.
« It is believed that the stoppages were no more
than necessary to accomplish this march of one
thousand,one hundred and sixty-nine miles in
ninety-two days, without breaking down men and
animals; and that this is a pretty fair measure of
the minimum time in practice that it would be
proper to spend on so long a march, over a similar
country by a body of troops of a respectable num-
ber. It seems to me that the actual number of
marching days was sixty-four, making the aver-
age distance per marching day a little more than
eighteen miles, or if we include the stoppages to
rest, twelve and two third miles per day from the
beginning to the end of the march.
Now, this rate of marching, which was in the
department of the West, being applied to the
department of the Pacific, will give us the times
for the marches, including stoppages to rest the
command, as follows: From Sacramento to Sajt
Lako City, forty-seven days; from San Pedro to
Salt Lake City, fifty-four dayd.
It takes twenty-fivo days to transport a regi-
ment by steam from New York, and twenty-two
day* from New Orleans, via Panama, to San
Francisco; thence one day to Sacramento and two
days to San Pedro, including all neccssary delays
for transhipment; and it is obvious the regiment
could be assembled from various posts in or east
of the valley of the Mississippi, at New York or
New Orleans quite as expeditiously as at Fort
Leavenworth.
Ilence, if it be an object with the War Depart-
ment to dispatch troops in the least possible time
from posts so located, regardless of other consid-
critinns, to Sn!t Lake City, the quickest way is
to assemble them ei>,her at New York or New
Orleans, and embark them by steam for San Fran-
cisco; thenceto Sacramento, and from there march
them to Salt Lake City. It' embarked from New
Yoik,the saving would be nineteen days; if New
Orleans, twenty-two days, in the time that would
be consumed in marching them from Fort Leaven-
worth to the same point. If sent by steam from
San Francisco to San Pedro, and marched thence
to Salt Lake City, the saving would be eleven or
fourteen days in the time required to march them
fiom Fofrt Leavenworth.
From the journal kept by Major C. Cross of
the quartermaster's department, of the march of
the rifle regiment from Fort Leavenworth, via
South Pass and Fort Hall, to Fort Dallas on the
Columbia, in 3tf49, I am enabled to present some
practical information m reference to the march of
a command, if lequned, from northern Oregon to
gn-;i -Salt Lake City.
From Fort Dallas to south extremity of Grand
li'Mid Prairie, the muvh would be one hundred
and eighty-soveji mih whicii eeiild be accom-
plished in four;een from Grand Itmid to
Fort ih>ibc. nnc htu. i vd and thirty miles, m ten
days; from Fort to Fort II j ii, two hand red
and sixty-eight imFs, m twenty-two days; from
Fort Hall to great Salt Lake City, one hundred
and eighty-three miles, in fifteen days.
A rugiment kawng Fort Dallas with its train,
could reach Sak Lake City io sixty-one days;
the proper ume for starting would be from the 1st
to 15th of June.
A regiment could bo dispatched from New Or-
leans,by steamer, via Panama, and conveyed to
San Francisco in Uveray-thrce days; thenceto
* Fort Dallas in seven days; thence, if the tram
were held in readiness there to start immediately,
the same regiment could start the following day,
and march to Salt Lake City in sixty-one days,
after arriving at Fort Dallas, making ninety-one
days from New Orleans, by the way of the At-
lantic, the Pacific, and Columbia river, to great
Salt Lake City.
Lieutenant Colonel Steptoe's command were
ninety-two days marching from Fort Leaven-
worth to Salt Lake City in 1854.
This is assuming that the regular troops are to
be sent from New York; but if. volunteers arej
raised on the Pacific coast, there will be a differ-
ence of forty-five days in favor of the advance
from that coast, and you can march troops thence
to Utah every day in the year. I am utterly op-
Eosed to shipping troops to California. I was told
y an officer of one of the regiments sent to Ore-
gon that the transportation cost $450,000. The
expense of sending regular troops on this, the
most expeditious route, to relieve Colonel John-
ston, would be enormous, when, by calling out
volunteers on that coast, you would save this ex-
pense of transportation, and have equal dispatch
m relieving Colonel Johnston. From California
is the most expeditious and shortest route to
Utah, and it can be approached by the San Pedro
route at every season of the year with facility.
There is no snow nor mountain passes near Salt
Lake on that route that can obstruct the march
of an army of relief to Colonel Johnston. And by
the time this bill can pass Congress, the route
from Sacramento city (the shortest) will be clear
of snow, and volunteers could be immediately
raised, and, with such regular troops as could be
spared on the Pacific coast, would reach Colonel
Johnston's camp weeks, and perhaps months, be-
fore such relief could reach him from the Atlantic
States.
1 believe there is an emergency calling for an
increase of the Army, either by regulars or volun-
teers, though the Senator from New Hampshire
thinks otherwise. The President has dispatched
troops to Utah, and they must be sustained and
supported. lie must carry out his policy; but he
cannot do it unless an addition is made to the mil-
itary establishment of the country. Give him
power to call out volunteers. When it is known
on the Pacific coast that he can exercise that
power, where there are two hundred thousand
persons who have emigrated over the plains, and
one hundred and fifty thousand through the Salt
Lake country, who know all the difficulties they
will have to encounter on the march, he can get a
force of one thousand or four thousand men to
march to the relief of Colonel Johnston. I do not
believe there will be war, because then the Mor-
mons will cease to resist the authority of this
Government with such a force in the field; but if
you do not give the President the power to put
down this insurrection, there may be war, and a
bloody one. I thmk the better pla.i is to give the
President discretion to call out volunteers to meet
this emergency; and if we intend to increase the
Army permanently, as the Secretary of War rec-
ommends, let us take it up at a time when there
is no such necessity like the present, and deliber-
ately ascertain whether or not we cannot so change
the force now m use in the Army of the United
States as to better adapt it to service in the border
States. For these reasons, I am in favor of the
proposition of the Senator fiom Tennessee, and
shall vote for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the proposition of the
Senator from Tennessee, which is now before the
Senate, requires.some amendment: and I wish to
ask him whether he will be wi! ling to accept a mod-
ification reducing the number of men proposed to
be raised from four thousand men to three regi-
ments—the same number proposed by the Sena-
tor * vr * - > i name three regiments, be-
cause I presume these men, under tiie volunteer
system, are to-be mustered into the service by
regiments.
Mr. WILSON. Companies, battalions, or regi-
ments.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, say not exceeding
three regiments, as the proposition of the Senator
from Virginia is for the regular Army, and I think
these troops cannot cost more than those under his
measure. I hope the Senator from Tennessee will
accept the modification which I suggest.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will accept
the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
on one condition; and that is, that the Senator
from Virginia shall support my proposition as
thus amended. I understand, from v/hat the Sen-
ator from Virginia has said, that with him this is
only a question of economy. He is opposed to
the proposition I have presented, because it leaves
it discretionary with the President to call out more
troops than his proposition contemplates. I will
accept the modification of the Senator from Rhode
Island, on condition that the Senator from Vir-
ginia will vote for my amendment as thus modi-
fied.
Mr. HUNTER. Why should the Senator sup-
pose that I will vote for it, when I have just told
him that I believe that volunteer troops are more
expensive than regulars?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am aware
that the gentleman told me so; but I had supposed
that the facts to the contrary would have satisfied
him.
Mr. HUNTER. I trust more to the facts pre-
sented by the War Department than those pre-
sented by the Senator from Tennessee. I think
they have more experience and knowledge on such
subjects.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rely on the
same sources of information.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the real objection to the
amendment of the Senator from Tennessee be u
pecuniary one, I suggest to him whether it would
not be proper to so modify it as to entirely remove
that objection. I cannot, for my life, see how the
Senator from Virginia can make it out that vol-
unteers will cost more than the same number of
regular troops under a bill which says they shall
receive precisely the same pay, rations, and al-
lowances as the regular Army.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator had attended
to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs—the Senator from Mississippi—when he
referred to documents and reports of persons who
had experience, he would have seen.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did attend to ail that.
Mr. HUNTER. He would have found that a
great many reasons for this were given. One is,
that, according to the statistics of mortality, a
much larger number of the volunteers sicken and
die than of regulars, and thus their ranks must be
filled oftener. It is found that volunteers do not
take the same care of their property, arms, and
clothing, as the regulars. Then there is a differ-
ence in their equipments.. However, I shall not
go into that subject. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iverson] is prepared on it, and I think can
satisfy the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do I understand that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is willing to accept the mod-
ification suggested by me without the condition
that the Senator from Virginia shall vote for his
amendment, as thus modified? I suppose he is
satisfied now that there is no modification of his
proposition which can get the vote of the Senator
from Virginia; but certainly it might place others
in a position to vote for his amendment if they
could see clearly to their satisfaction that it would
not involve the expenditure of more money than
would be the cost of the same number of regulars.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island that
this proposition having already been amended, is
entirely m the possession of the Senate, and is
not in the control of the mover so far as to accept
any modification without the conseat of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, sir, I shall draw up an
amendment to the effect I have suggested, and
offer it at the proper time. I have a word or two
to say, however, on the question of expenditures.
When the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs was talking about the greater cost of vol-
unteers over regulars, I supposed he was speaking
of the expense of a regular army which had been
disciplined and in service for a long period of ume,
so that the men knew how to take care of their
arms and munitions; butl.should like to afd: any
man what difference there can be, in this respect,
between volunteers for two years and regulars un-
listed for two years? They would be raw recruits,
whether called by either name. A volunteer, if
he is a more intelligent man, will learn more
quickly than the lower material about whom the
chairman of the committee spoke. No one can
make me believe that men enlisted for two years,
and called regulars, are more intelligent and more
