.2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
✓
in the valley of the Mississippi to the State of
California has usually been through Utah Terri-
tory; but in consequence of the disturbances there
this season, that line has been broken. Even if
peace be restored, there will still be a bitterness
of feeling on the part of the Mormons; and it may
be expected that small bands of emigrants will be
assaulted, and liable to be cut off. Outrages of
that character have heretofore been perpetrated
upon overland emigrants. It is designed, there-
fore, that this shall be', not only a military road,
but a road for emigrants.
At the last session of Congress an appropria-
tion of $50,000 was made to aid in constructing
a road from Fort Defiance to the Colorado river.
The Secretary of War assigned Lieutenant Beale
to superintend the construction of the road. The
necessity of procuring supplies and means for
transportation left but asmall amount to be applied
to the actual construction of the road. The means
of transportation and a portion of the supplies are
now on hand, ready to be used if this appropria-
tion shall be made. Lieutenant Beale explored
the ^route from Albuquerque to the Colorado
river, and made a report at this session of Con-
gress, in which he recommends that this addi-
tional appropriation shall be made. The distance
from Albuqueiqite to the Colorado river is but five
hundred and sixty-one miles, and passing through
a country well supplied with wood, water, and
grass. I ask that the letter of the Secretary of
War be read.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar; and I do it for the pur-
pose of hearing that letter. I ask that it be read
as my speech. *
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department, Wasiiinoion, May 22, 1858.
Sir : In reply to your note received tins day, I bea leave
to remark that the road fioin Albuquctque to the Colorado j
river, of which you speak, is, m my judgment, one ol' veiy
greaumporiance. It constitutes a central line of communi-
cation between the M tssiscippi valley and the Pacific ocean,
which, for many purposes, will comparc favorably with
any other, and m some particulars is superior. It will be
a great thoroughfare for emigration; presenting, as. it does,
the straighten road of any yet discovered across the great
basin lying between the Sierra Madre and the Siena Ne-
vada, aIonj  winch then* is no scarcity of water or giiiss.
In a military point of view it w probably of moie import-
ance still; for by its const) action and the settlement which
it will superinduce upon its whole length, u will present a
line of defense, after a while, which will divide completely
the nomad tribes of Indians which inhabit the Utah Tetri-
tory and the regions north of this road, from the countiy i
lying in the Territory of Arizona.
It will ho scarcely possible, whon the road from El Pa«o
to Fort Yuma is completed, and properly guarded, that the
region of country lying between the load now spoken of
and that line ol travel could be subject to any veiy berious
depreciation from the Indian tubes, either residing m it or
those north of the road winch you are proposing to con-
struct.
Fifty thousand dollar? have been expended upon this
line, advantageously, as I think ; and the facts connected
with the report which Mr. Beale made—heretofore trans-
mitted to Congress—concerning this road, demonstrate, in
my opinion, that a wise economy would warrant the ap-
propriation of$100,000 towards the completion ol an enter-
prise so auspiciously begun.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOIIN P>. FLOYD, >Sferetory of War.
Hon. M. A. Otero, Home of Representatives.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I wish to call attention to
the fact, that nowhere, it seems, does the Secre-
tary of War recommend this as a military neces-
sity. He only thinks that it would be a great
convenience, I mention this with due deference
to the judgment of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. He does state that
it is more needed for military purposes than for
any other.
Mr. MAYNARD withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The money
is wanted for the continuation of a road already
begun as a military load, by an appropriation of
last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend by adding:
And for rompl<*tin<? the wagon road from the Great Falls
of the Missouri, in the Ternl'ory of Nebraska, to intellect
^ the wasron mad loading noni Walla Walla to 1'uget Sound,
authouzed by the act appiuveJ February 0, i85u, $200,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is that amend-
ment in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it out of
order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. If I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, can X debate the
appeal?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is notin order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Is it in order to call
for the reasons of the decision of the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN, A proposition is before
the committee to appropriate money for one road.
The gentleman moves to amend by making an
appropriation for another road. The Chair holds
that it is not in order, because it is not relevant to
the proposition.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I desire to suggest
that this afternoon, when the naval bill was under
consideration, there was a proposition to construct
a number of vessels of war. An amendment was
proposed to construct, another number, and it was
held to be in order. On the same principle 1 sup-
posed that this proposition for another thorough-
fare to the Pacific was in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not respons-
ible for the decision of another chairman; it is
enough to be responsible for his own.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by increasing the amount $150,000.
It is always disagreeable to me to consume the
time of the House, and I never do it unless it be
in conformity to a sense of duty. I represent a
State which I know has varied interests, and I am
sure the committee will bear me out in saying that
I do not intrude upon them except when her inter-
ests are concerned. I wish to make a few remarks
in regard to the question now pending. Thegen-
tleman from Mississippi says that the Secretary
of War does not, as shown by the letter which
has just been read, consider this road a military
necessity. I grant it that those exact words are
not used, and that it is not imperative upon Con-
gress to pass the appropriation, but, at the same
time, he considers Us construction expedient. I
then concede, so far as the views of the Secre-
tary of War are concerned, relative to this road,
that the construction of it would be of vast ad-
vantage to the military affairs of the country as a
matter of true policy. That is the construction
I place upon his language.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that I come from a State,which
the gentleman from Virginia has been pleased to
assail, upon the ground that she is ever asking
something from the hands of the Government.
Now, I desire gentlemen to understand that the
reason that she docs so, is that her chief product
is gold itself. Let them also remember, and the
gentleman from Virginia particularly, that when
this whole country was stricken down by a pe-
cuniary crisis, and wo and despair were depicted
upon every face upon the Atlantic coast, and the
financial condition of our Union was utterly pros-
trated, California came to the rescue with her
millions of gold, infused new life and vigor in our
monetary affairs, and restored wealth and confi-
dence to all classes of our community. I come
from a State which receives a large accession from
all parts of the Union—a State that is strictly a
Union State, where northern and southern men
are bound together in one grand bond of brother-
hood. And this is an appropriation for a military
road by which both sections of the Union will be
benefited equally, because it is central. Your men
of the North and the South wish to go across
the plains to settle in that State, and you cannot
now get there by the way of Salt Lake, which is
blocked up on account of the Mormon war. You
cannot tell when that war will be terminated; and
it was properly stated by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] in a recent speech,
that there may be a guerrilla warfare carried on for
years in the gulches and ravines of Utah, and no
man can see or foretell when its termination will
occur. But here is a route which is demonstrated
by the survey of Lieutenant Beale to be all that
you can desire. I ask, therefore, that the sum of
$250,000 shall be appropriated to finish that road.
3 ask gentlemen, while you vote $1,000,000 to
introduce water within the city of Washington,
in the name of justice cannot you appropriate
$150,000 for a connecting link between the At-
lantic and the Pacific5
[Here the hammer ltlLj
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Senate amendment was not Agreed to
Mr. RARKSDALE. We have now been in
session eleven hours, and I am satisfied, from the
circumstances around us, that these amendments
cannot be properly considered. I therefore move
that the committee rise.
Mr. GROW. How many amendments are there
still unacted on ?
The CHAIRMAN. Nme.
Mr. BARiCSDALE. I ask for tellers on my
motion.
Tellers \Vere ordered ;-and Messrs. Bark&dale
and Billinghurst were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 55.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the Senate amendments to the Army appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CRAIG,- of Missouri. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution.
Several Members objected.
"Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce it.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
live minutes past ten o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 10, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. R. Eckard.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MALLORY presented three memorials of
citizens of Tampa, Florida, praying that the mil-
itary reservation and garrison grounds of Fort
Brooke be granted to that city for the purpose of
establishing a seminary of learning; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and paper-; of John Forrister
he withdrawn fiom the Conn of Claims and ictened to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of J. P. Milton, on the files
of the Semite, be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
faus.
WILLIAM HAZZARD WIGC.
Mr. HAMMOND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 59) for the relief of William
Hazzard Wig,®; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution, as its object is to cor-
rect an error.
By unanimous conscnt, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
readjust the accounts of William Hazzard Wigg
stated under the authority of the act of Congress
for his relief, approved March 3, l.b53, and to as-
certain an alleged cleiical error whereby the sum
of $1,560 is supposed to have been withheld, and
to pay that sum according to the true intent and
meaning of the act of 1853.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time^ and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Co mmittee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of John
H. Merrill, praying to be allowed compensation
for services rendered, and expenses incurred, as
sheriff under the appointment of a court estab-
lished by the alcalde at San Francisco, in July,
1849, also for expenses incurred for the relief and
support of sick and disabled seamen, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent and agreed to:
JResohed, That the Committee on Chums be discharged
from the further consideiauon of the petition of John H.
Meriill.aml that the Mime, with the accompanying pdpets
he lofeucd to the Couitof Claim-*, that the same may he
investigated and the testimony in support of it may be
>t.uuiL
