1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL6BE.
761
capable of taking caro of their arms and munitions
than volunteers enlisted for two years; but I agree,
if you have them 111 service foi a long time, if you
inure them to discipline for ten or fifteen years,
you may dnli them into such habits that they will
work like automatons, and do what you please;
but you cannot do that with any kind of human
beings I ever saw without some training. In my
opinion, there will not be a dollar's difference in
the expense of the troops now proposed to be
raised for two years, whether you enlist them as
regulars or as volunteers.
Mr. iVERSON. I had not expected to make
any additional remarks on this bill; for my views
were presented some two or three weeks ago on
the general merits of the proposition contained in
the bill before the Senate. I feel it incumbent oil
me, however, to say something to-day on this
question, inasmuch as the chairman of the com-
mittee is absent, and the charge of the bill is, to
some extent, put on my shoulders, as a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
made a very desperate onslaught on this biil yes-
terday—no, not on this bill; I take that back; not
upon the bill now under the consideration of the
Senate, but upon the bill which was reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs. That is the
biil which he fought. It is a very easy matter for
a gentleman to build up a man of straw, to show
his prowess and skill in knocking him down. The
bill, as first presented by the committee, is very
different from the hill now under consideration;
because the committee agreed to strike out what
seemed to be the most obnoxious feature, which
was pointed out by Senators who opposed the
bill. That was the second section, which pro-
posed to increase the rank and file of the compa-
nies in the fi<'ld, and at distant posts, to ninety-mx
men; and if all the companies in the Army were
filled up to that maximum number, there would
be an addition of about six or seven thousand men
to the present military establishment. That sec-
tion, however, has been stricken out, and now the
biil provides simply for adding thirty companies
to the existing regiments; these companies to be
organized with the number now regulated bylaw
■—that is, fifty-two when in certain positions, and
not more than seventy-four when they are in the
field, or stationed at distant frontier posts.
The whole increase at present authorized by the
bill, as well as by the substitute of the Senator
from Virginia—for the three regiments which he
proposes to add are equivalent to thirty compa-
nies—is but two thousand two hundred and twenty
men. This is the whole addition to the rank and
file of the Army proposed by the bill, upon the
presumption tiiat every one of the thirty compa-
nies will be m the field, or at distant posts, and
be kept filled up to the moxnvmm number of sev-
enty-four. That, however, is an impracticability.
That never has existed since the formation of your
Army. There never has been a timo in the his-
tory of this Government, and probably never will
be, when the companies have been filled to the
maximum number. From causes which every
gentleman understands, although a company may
be filled up to-day, it becomes lessened in the
course of a few months by desertions, by deaths,
by discharges from one cause and another. As
a general rule, the companies never contain more
than two thirds of the maximum number author-
ized, under any circumstances. I presume that
the addition of thirty companies, with the ordi-
nary number of men composing them, will not
increase the Army more than two thousand men.
That is the ultimate limit. I venture to assert that
the thirty companies, if they last from now to the
day of judgment, will never have more than two
thousand men in them. That is the whole in-
crease of the Army which the bill proposes to
make.
Besides, another very important amendment
has been added to the bill since it came from the
Committee on Military Affairs; and that, is a limit-
ation as to the term of service. The bill, as re-
ported by the committee,contemplated the perma-
nentorganization of thirty companies, as a regular
portion of the military establishment. An amend-
ment has bdln adopted by the Senate,pn the mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Biggs,] which has been modified, at the sugges-
tion of other Senators, limiting the service of the
companies to two years; and the bill, as it now
'I stands, declares that at the expiration of two
years, unless Congress shall intervene, and pro-
j' long the existence of the companies, they shall
I' be absolutely dismissed from the service. It thus
!j appears that the only addition which this bill con-
templates, as it now stands before the Senate for
its vote, is an addition of about two thousand men
to your regular Army, for the term of two years,
and no longer.
The Senator from Tennessee says that this is
not an Administration measure; and he takes the
Committee on Military Affairs to task for having
reported a measure not in conformity with the
recommendations of the Executive. Sir, what
did the Executive askfor? The President asked
for an increase of the regular Army, and so did
the Secretary of War; but the Senator says the
Secretary asked for regiments, and not for com-
panies. Weil, sir, this is the first time in my life
I ever heard that regiments were not composed
of companies. I thought it took companies to
make regiments. When the Secretary of War
called for an addition of five regiments, I supposed
thathe wanted fifty companies; and that if wegave
him fifty companies, it was a matter of no conse-
quence in what shape they were granted. The
President wants an increase of the regular Army,
and it is a matter of no consequence to him in
what form you give the increase. He wants the
men, the bone and muscle, to do the service of
the country. That is what he has called for. To
be sure, he put his request in the form of asking
for regiments; he prefers that particular organ-
ization. The committee differed from him on that
point, and proposed to give him the increase for
which he asked, but in another form of organ-
ization, to wit: by adding thirty companies to the
existing regiments. Is not that in conformity
with the recommendations of the Executive? The
Executive asked for an increase of the regular
force. The committee respond by proposing to
give an increase of the regular force.
But the Senator says this is not an Administra-
tion measure, because the President has declared
that he wants the five regiments for the Mor-
mon war, and the committee propose a permanent
increase. It is true, the President in his annual
message brings forward the Mormon war as the
ground of the present increase; as the particular
motive for increasing the Army at the present time;
but he docs not say that he will not want them
beyond the Mormon war. He says no such
thing. The commanding officer, Lieutenant Gen-
erat Scott, in his report to the President, desires
an increase of the permanent military establish-
ment. He calls for five regiments, as a permanent
increase of the Army, and so does the Secretary
of War. The President has sent to Congress the
reports of the General-m-Chief and the Secretary
of War with his approbation and indorsement;
and we must take it for granted, although the
I'lvsid'Hit does not say so m terms* that he does
want this increase as a permanent establishment,
and not as a more temporary one, to answer the
purpose of the CJtah war. This bill, therefore, is
an Administration measure, if you call anything
an Administration measure.
The committee, however, were not regulated
by the mere wants ot the Executive, although the
other members of the committee and myself be-
lieved that the President, the Secretary of War,
and the Commanding General, knew better wnat
the public service demanded than we did. The
President, the Secretary of War, and the com-
manding officer of the United States Army, are
the persons intrusted by the Constitution and
laws with the duty of looking into the condition
of this departmept of the public service, and they
better understand what is wanted for the public
service than any Senator on this floor. I was
willing to trust something to the faith of those
oificeis, and to their recommendation that the
Army ought to be increased by the addition of
five regiments.
But whutherthe bill of the committee or that of
the Senator from Virginia be an Administration
measure, I can tell the Senator from Tennessee
one tlnng—that his proposition is not an Admin-
istration measure. The President does not want
volunteers; the Secretary of War does not want
volunteers; General Scott does not want volun-
teers. When thatgentleman takes us to task for
not confoiming to Executive recommendation, I
commend to him the old maxim: take the beam
out of y.our own eye before you attempt to .ex-
tract the mote out of your neighbor's."*
The Senator from Tennessee has attacked this
bill on the score of extravagant expense1: Nowr
let us compare the two propositions—that of the
Senator from Tennessee, and that now under the
consideration of the Senate from the Committee
on Military Affairs. The bill proposes to add
two thousand two hundved and twenty men to the
regular service for two years, and no longer; that
is to say, two thousand two hundred and twenty
provided every company shall be filled up to the
maximum point. It proposes to add no field offi-
cers; it proposes nothing but the addition of thirty
companies to the Army, with company officers,
without a solitary additional field officer. What
is the proposition of the Senator from Tennessee ?
He proposes that for these two thousand two hun-
d red and twenty regular sold lers, without any. field
officers, there shall be substituted four thousand
volunteers, with a whole mass of field officers—
the field officers of four regiments—and they are
to be selected by the troops and appointed by the
President. Who ever heard of the President ap-
pointing the officers of the militia? The gentle-
man confounds the idea of volunteers with regular
troops. Volunteers are not regular troops. Vol-
unteers are nothing but militia. There are but
two characters of soldiers known to your Con-
stitution and your laws: one, regulars, and the
other, militia. Volunteers are nothing but mi-
litia; and when the militia are called into the ser-
vice, the Constitution requires that they shall be
officered according to the laws of the States from
which they are called, and the President has no
power to appoint officers to those regiments.
But the Senator says that although his propo-
sition authorizes the raising of four thousand vol-
unteers it leaves it discretionary with the Presi-
dent not to call out four thousand if he does not
want them. The Senator cries out against the
expense of twenty-two hundred regulars for two
years; and yet ho is willing that four thousand
volunteers shall be called out. Is not that his prop-
osition ? Although they may not all be called out,
it docs not alter the fact that he expresses his will-
ingness that they shall be called out. While he
objects to this bill because of the expense of twenty-
two hundred regular troops for two years, he con-
sents that the President shall call out four thoun
sand volunteers with all their field officers, not
only for twelve months, but for all time, as long
as the President may think proper to call them
into service and keep them there. The service of
these volunteers is to be limited to twelve months;
but the moment the twelve months expire the
President can, if the exigency of the service re-
quires it, call another four thousand into the ser-
mcc.
Let us look at the proposition of the Senator
further. It is not only for the Utah war that these
men are to be called out, but they are to be called
out to protect the citizens on the routes of emigra-
tion to the Pacific; so that these four thousand vol-
unteers are not only to be kept in the field as long
as the Mormon war exists, but when that is over
they.are to be kept by the President on the em-
igrant routes, to protect your emigrants going to
the Pacific coast. When is that emergency, if you
call it an emergency—I beg pardon of the Senator
from New Hampshire for using a term so obnox-
ious to him—to end? When will your emigrant
routes be in such a condition that they will require
no protection from the military arm of the United
States? This proposition of the Senator author-
izes the President not only to call out the volun-
teers for the Utah war, but to keep them in ser-
vice, to change them at the expiration of every
twelve months, and call others into service as long
as the necessities of the emigrant routes shall de-
mand their maintenance in the Army. Is not that
so? And yet the gentleman talks about economy,
and about the danger of standing armies 1
On the subject of economy, as a comparison
between the cost of these two arms of service, I
desire to make a statement to the Senate to which
I trust they will listen. From authentic documents
in the Government offices at Washington city, it
appears that for the last twenty-two years the
difference between the cost of the employment of
volunteer troops and that of the same number of
regular troops for the same time has been over
thirty million dollars. Here in black and white,
in the official documents, we have the difference
£
