1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Riggs & Co., pray-
ing the reimbursement of money advanced by
them to Charles Loring, late receiver of public
moneys at Benicia, California, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the petition of George T.
Parry, praying that the Secretary of the Navy be
authorized to purchase his patent for an instru-
ment, the object of which is to abolish the fric-
tion attending the thrust of propellers, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Charlotte Tay-
lor, only surviving child of the late William Scar- |
brough, of Savannah, Georgia, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was oulcred to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the memorial of Roynell
Coates,prayingcompensation for losses sustained
and services-rendered while connected with the
scientific corps of the South Sea exploring expe-
dition, submitted an adverse lepoit; which was
oidered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memoiial of Hiram McCullough,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
450) for the relief of Samuel A. West, George
McCullough, Hiram McCullough, and James
Pendergrast. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill (S. No. 45)
to suppress the unlawful collection and delivery
of letters, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. He also
stated that he would not ask for the considera-
tion of the bill at the present session.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 401) to facilitate communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States by electric
telegraph, reported it without amendment, and
that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the bill (S. No. 201) to secure a
prompt construction of a line of telegraph fiom
San Francisco to Port Smith, and fiom thence to 1
St. Louis and to Memphis, reported it without j
amendment, and that it ouirht not to pass. ,
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims, '
to whom were referred the papeis relating to the
claim of James A. Mott to compensation for pro-
fessional services rendered to sick and wounded
soldiers in the war of 1812, submiied an adveise
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Kohler, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the bill (S. No. 49tl) for the relief j
of James Collier, reported it without amendment; j|
and submitted a report, which was ordered to be ij
printed. I:
He also, from the same committee, to whom ii
was referred the petition of John R. Nourse, sub- J;
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 452) (I
for the relief of John R. Nonrse The bill was ''
read, and passed to a second reading; and the I
report was ordered to be printed. j
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions, ;
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 610) !
for the relief of William S. Bradford, reported it j
without amendment. i
OWNERS OF MAIL STEAMERS. j
i
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted the following res-!
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-!
sent, and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be. and he is j
lieieby, tin ected to endeavor to ascei tain, and communicate i
to the Senate, at the commencement of tltc next suasion of'
Congress, the amount of stock winch or has been, held
by foreigners m ocean mail steamers covered by the flag of
the United States, rumii<>2 between New Yoik and Liver-
pool, New York and Havre, and New York and Bremen;
and to designate the amount owned, or which has been
owned, in either case, in any foreign country.
FORT GRATIOT RESERVATION.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 263) granting the right of way
o.ver, and depot grounds on, the military reserve
at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, for rail-
road purposes.
The original bill, as introduced by Mr. Chand-
ler, proposed to grant to the Port Huron and
Manitowoc Railway Company the right of way
and the land necessary for depot purposes in the
military reserve at Fort Gratiot, if, in the opinion
of the Secretary of War, the grant should not be
detrimental to the public interests; with a proviso
that the location and width of the right of way
and the location and boundaries of the depot
grounds should be determined under the direction
of the Secretary of War, subject to the approval
of the company; and that nothing should be taken
by the act unless the railway and depot grounds
should be completed and actually occupied as such
within ten years; and that, if atany time after the
completion, the use should be abandoned or dis-
continued, the grant should determine and cease.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed
an amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That the ught of way thiough, and the privilege of con-
structing depots and workshop* on. the public lands of the
United States lying in tlx.-county ot St Clan, Stale of Mich-
igan, commonly called the X^oit Gratiot military reseivation,
be, and thes-dme i> Irnieby, granted to any uulioad company
or companies which may ronstmet a laihoad or railroads
firtm the city of Detroit, to oi near the village of Poi t Huron,
in said tftat'e : Provided* That in the opinion of the Presi-
dent ofthe (Tinted Stares such <riant or grants be not m|tm-
ou-- to the pm poses- of public detente, and tli.it the location
ot mi id buildings on, and -ueh road or loads as to position
and width thiough said lesei vat ton, and the pi ice ot the land j
to be so occupied, lining fiiM determined bv the Secietary 1
of War be appioved by the Pie-ident: ~ind provided fur- }
tker, That if the prior of such L'lant oi grant* be noi paid
within thirty t!a\  aft< i the approval of the Pie-idem, oi j
il either oi said load* shall not be completed wnlun thiee >
yeais,or if, at any time after its completion, u shall be dis- |
continued, the {r ant t-hail cease and detennme as to such !
touil : Jltul pioi tded fi/jlher. Thai all the building* to be '
erected upon said le-eivation shall be of wood; and if, at I
any tune, it should he deemed expedient by the command- j
nig officer of Foit Gratiot, oi bv any other hi«hei militaiy ,
authority, to destroy sneh buddings by lite oi otherwise, no |
claim shall be made against the United States (oi d.images. |
The amendment was ao-iecd to; the bill was re- i
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend- I
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to i
be engrossed tor a third reading, was read the \
third time, and passed. fe/ \
SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE. !
Thp VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has |
been handed a tnemonal from a Mr. Henry L. j
Goodwin, protesting against the publication at]
present of a communication from the Post Office i
Department, touching the post office at San Fran- i
cisco, which he alleges contains allegations inju- '
rious to him. The Crtaii will lay it before the !
Senate, and have it referred to the Committee on !
Printing, as the papers to which it relates are be- !
foie that committee.
Mr. URODKUICK. I ask that the memorial '
be read. - j
The Secretary read it, as follows: ;
To the Senate of ike United Stairs of jJmeueu: j
Youi memoilaltst, Ilemy L Goodwin, a citizen of Call- !
forma, respectiuSly tepic-enth,
That the pictendcd anc\vor of the Po«*tnui>rw General to
the Senate resolution ot inqiuiy, ofthe i.'Jth Mav, touching ;
the violations of law by the postmaster at San Francisco— '
(some of winch were in derogation ot the lights ol yoiii me-
morialist, as a < iuzt n)—is eva*iv<-; thru itsiippre----e- tacts ,
matenal to the i&Mieof the subject-mauei of the niquuy; '
that it tends to deceive tfie Senate, wnether so designed or ,
not; that its publication would woik mpuuee to the public
generally, and to your mernonalist m partieulai. :
Tlieieloie, your memorialist nowpiajs that the Senate !
may staj the publication of the said pretended .uiswer of i
tut) Postmaster Geneial until a rnoie full and true an-uer ■
shall be obtained on the point* piopounded in the inquuv :
of the IUU May; or, othciwise, until the <aid pretended
an&wci may be accompanied by the explanation of tlfts me-
morial. !
The said pretended answer virtually ignores the fact that ;
your memoi lahst did make specific chaiges of violations of i
jaw, by the San Fiatici-co po.-tmas,ier, and that said ohargei I
weie supported by urnmpeaohed and unimpeachable evi- '
dence. It also suppresses the fact, and virtual!) denies that ;
the attention of the Po-tnia&tei Genual had been called to ||
the law lor such cases made and ptovided. and that he had i j
been called upon, m evpiess tcnu*, to execute the law
which says : " he ^hall piosecute offenses against the Post
Office establishment."
The said pretended answer tends to leave the impiession
on the mmd of the Senate, that the ►San Fianciseo post-
master had already been judicially tried and acquitted on
the point* of the merits ofthe accusation: whereas, irt
point of fact, the files of th*j Post Office Depai tment show
that he has never been tried, and that the result ofthe pie-
lnmnary examination in San Franci-eo. turned, not on the
merits, but on the plea alleged by tne postmaster theie, that
his proceedings, as complained of,l{ were in accordance
with the instructions and approval of the Postmaster Gen- •
era!."
The said pretended answer further omits to inform the
Senate that there arc on the files of the Department here,
copies of judicial opinions rendered in San Francisco, which
determined the fact that the acts charged against the post-
master there were violations of law, and il an official
wron
The said pretended answer tends, further, to leave the
impression on the mind of the Senate, that the course pur-
sued by the present head of the Department has been in
exact accordance with the view taken and pursued in the
premises by his immediate predecessor; whereas, had he-
afforded the Senate the entire file of the Department here
on the subject, instead of a garbled representation of the
same, it would be instantly obvious that the late head of
the Depai r men t. never did approve of the acts of his subor-
dinate at San Francisco on the merits.
In conclusion, the undersigned prays, if your honorable
body order the publication of the said pretended answer to
the inquiry of the 13th May, that thus memorial may also be
oidered to accompany the same, together with the evidence,
the judicial opinions, and the coirespondence on the files
of the Post Oflice Department, and as leferred to in the
said pretended answer; copies of all of which can be fur-
nished the Senate m less than twenty-four hours.
HENRY L. GOODWIN.
Washington, D. O., June 9,1838.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Printing; and
before the communication ofthe Postmaster Gen-
eial is printed I ask for the consideration of an-
other resolution of inquiry which I send to the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Aikansas. I wish to sug-
gest to the Senator from California, that this
matter is in a complicated shape. He has another
resolution to offer, calling for information which
it is alleged has not been furnished to the Senate
in the communication that has already been made.
Here is a report from the Postmaster General in
answer to a resolution ofthe Senate, already trans-
mitted, which report has been referred to the
Committee on Printing. That committee have
had it undT consideration; they have had esti-
mates of ita cost, and are leady to report in favor
of printing' it; but now it seems that some conflict
is likely to arise, m which there are more inter-
ests involved than the Printing Committee had
any knowledge of; and that committee cannot be
expected to takeeognizance of these matters at all;
bin they belong properly to the Post Office Com-
mittee. I am, therefore, at a loss what to do.
While the memorial which has been read is before
us, I do not know but that appropriately, this re-
port from the Post Office Department ought to be
printed; but yet, I also know that the subject is so
comphcatcd that another resolution is proposed
to be submitted, by the Senator from California,
calling for further information; and he thinks that
the whole ought to be printed together. In my *
opinion, the better coutse would be to refer the
whole subject to the Post Office Committee, to-
gether with the resolution ofthe Senator making
a call for additional information; which I believe
ought to be granted to him;and then let the whole
mallei go to the Post Office Committee,and let
them call for the printing if it be necessary.
.Mr. BRODERICK. At an early day I intro-
duced a resolution of inquiry on this subject. At
th.u time I was of the opinion that the informa-
tion would reach the Senate on the following day.
1 asked for the charges on file against the post-
master at San Francisco. The Postmaster Gen-
eral took very nearly a month to reply. His
reply was sent in the day before yesterday, but
several letters for which I called were not sent in.
The resolution I have just offered calls for-those
leturs, which are now on file in the Post Office
Department. I wish the information I now call
for to accompany the reply of the Postmaster
General to the former resolution. I hope my res-
olution will be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the present pos-
ture of matters, if no motion be made, the memo-
rial will be referred to the Committee on Printing,
and the resolution of inquiry of the Senator from
California will be read foi information.
Mr. BIGLER. This is rather an extraordi-
nary proceeding 
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
from Pennsylvania will allow me to do so, I wish
to express to him the hope that we shall not go
into a discussion of the merits of this matter.
There is an easy way of disposing of it, and that
is to refer the whole subject to the Committee on
