2872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
the Post Office and Post Roads; let this commu-
nication go to that committee without printing;
then let us await the return 'of an answer to the
additional resolution of inquiry which the Sena-
tor from California now presents.
Mr. BIGLER. That is just exactly what I
am not willing to do.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to the
course suggested by the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly shall abject to it.
The Senator from California, some time since,
in pursuance of what he conceived to be his
duty, called upon the Postmaster General for in-
formation with reference to the conduct of the
postmaster at San Francisco. The Postmaster
General has replied to that resolution at length,
according to his understanding of his duty. That
communication has been sent here, and it has
been referred to the proper committee to consider
the propriety of printing it. We are informed
that the committee is ready to report in favor of
printing the communication from the Department,
which we ought to have printed. This was a
question between the Postmaster General and the
postmaster at San Francisco; but a gentleman,
whose name is Henry L. Goodwin, interposes by
a memorial here, not in reference to some griev-
ance of his own, specifically set forth, and asking
Congress for redress, but he prays this body not
to publish the reply of tiie Postmaster General to
a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him if this com-
munication from the Postmaster General does not
contain a direct attack on Mr. Goodwin?
Mr. BIGLER. That may be so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If so, he interferes for his
own protection. A citizen is assailed, as I un-
derstand, by a letter from some person in Cali-
fornia, communicated in these ptoceedirrgs, and
it would be most extraordinary if that citizen had
no right to have all the papcis relating to the
subject.
Mr. BIGLER. It would be most extraordi-
nary if that citizen had no opportunity of reply-
ing. lie shall have thnt oppoitumty, so far as I
am concerned. But ho interposes to invite the
Senate not to publish a report from the Depart-
ment; not to print it for the use of this body.
That is the point in this memorial to which I ob-
ject, and J hope it will not have the influence of
arresting the publication of a report which was
made to us from the Department, the head of
which is responsible. If it be what Mr. Goodwin
says, the Department is responsible for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania submit any motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I am perfectly willing that this
memorial shall be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Rdads. To that I have
no olije etion, but 1 object that it shall be inter-
posed against the piinting of the answer of the
Postmaster General to a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from California pause for a moment5 The Chair
stated that, if no motion was made, the memorial
would ££0, naturally, to the Committee on Print-
ing. Do^s the Senator from Pennsylvania move
to refer it to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to give
it that reference.
The VICE PRESI DENT. That, then, is the
question.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am willing that this mat-
ter should take the course iccommended by the
Senator from Arkansas. This -rentleman con-
siders that the Postmaster UrneiM has attacked
his character, and of course, as a citizen of the
United States, he has a to defend himself
ogamst the attack of the Postmaster General. I
did not wish to open this question here this morn-
ing; but i hoped the resolution of inquiry which
1 introduced would be adopted, so as to get the
further testimony that is now on file m the Post
Office Department. This gentleman contends that
the information which the Postmaster General
has withheld from the Senate will satisfy the Sen-
ate that the postmaster at San Francisco has been
guilty of malfeasance in office. The Postmaster
General, instead of sending the information asked
for in the resolution which I introduced, has sent
an ex parte statement of this postmaster and his
clerks, and if it is published, this citizen will be
ruined. His character is attacked; he is charged
with being insane. I consider him a very sane
man. He has been trying to convince the people
of San Francisco, and he has convinced nineteen
twentieths~of them, that this officer is not an
honest man. I hope the Senate will not be hasty
in taking action on this case. I have no objec-
tion to the course recommended by the Senator
from Arkansas; and, for the purpose of stopping
this debate, I hope his motion will prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion to refer this me-
morial to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE. I doubt whether the committee
ought to be troubled with this matter. It is a mere
personal controversy between the memorialist,
Mr. Henry L. Goodwin, and the postmaster at
San Francisco, with which the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads of the Senate have
been annoyed to death this whole session, and
with which the Department has been annoyed for
the last year. I am perfectly sick and tired of it.
There is nothing in it, and the Senate ought not
to be annoyed with it. The whole thing ought
to be laid on the table. The reply of thePostmas-
terGeneral to the resolution which wasintroduced
mainly to biing out the facts in this particular
case, produced those facts. Let that be printed,
and let there be an end of the matter, unless the
Senate see that there is something further in it
i calling for further action on the application of
' this person. We ought not to be annoyed with
it; and to save trouble to the Senate, perhaps, the
better plan will be to refer the Postmaster Gen-
eral's report and this resolution to the commit-
tee, and I promise that we will make short work
with it; we will give you a report to-morrow
morning.
The motion to refer the memorial to the Com-
mittee on the Post Oilice and Post Roads was
agreed to.
Mr. BRODERICK. I now call for the con-
sideration of my resolution of inquiry.
Mr. YULEE. That, I suppose, will take the
same direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be re,ad.
Trte Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmt the Postmaster Geneiat be requested to
transmit to the Senate iorthwsth the evidence of alleged
| violations of law and malfeasance m office on the part of
i the po>tm:i<ter at San Fianeweo, and aNo the papets ae.-
! coiupanvnif; tin: Mini:', tiled m the I'o^t Office Department
| on oi about Aptll '20, 1K>7. Al-o, all oonevpondenee With
i J. D. I-'ij', the >|>ocml a«e t, of the Po.-t Olh"<; Department,
■ in repaid to anv alleged malfeasance on the putt ol said
1 postmaj-tei ; aiul c-peci.UK a copy of a letter addie^ed to
I said Fiy October :i, 18V), and The lepiy to the same , «tml
j al--o the lepoit made liy the s-aid Fry. Alf-o, let'ei- pi reU-
| tion to the *arne fiom Van Bokkehn, Esi| , in J 856, and
I Mote and Foigei in 1S.77. and copies of all eoire-
1 ^lundcuoe i Kimecteil (herewith. Also, lettei-.fiom II Ij.
: Goodwin fn 1KV>, and four letters fiom the same person,
i dated March'27. June 25. July 18, and July 25, L857. AI-'O,
1 letters ot V. L. Weiier, dated Septemboi 1,185."), Match -21,
I 185b, and Oetohei 11 and ->0; 1857 ; and that the Postmaster
| General inform the Senate whether thete is anv mfoimation
[ on the filer, of the Po<t Office Department showing or ehaig-
inu lhat the investigation oideied to be made by J. D. Fiy
was ail ox parte inve-ticration.
Resolved, further, That the publication of the answer of
the Postmastei Geneial to the lesolution ot the ^on.ito of
May Ki, he Mi-ponded until the before-described papeia and
mSormanon aie obtained.
Mr. YCJLEE. I move the reference of that res-
olution, with the rest of the matter, to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
I is, whether there is objection to the piesent con-
' sideraUonof the resolution ? The Chair hears no
objection, and the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I now move to refer the reso-
i lution, with the rest of the papers, to the Post
| Office Committee, and they will report what it is
; advisable for the Senate to do. The whole mat-
: ter is entirely without use. The papers called for
under the resolution will cost thousands of dol-
lars to bo copied and furnished and printed, and
they will be of no use whatever to anybody, and
can answer no purpose except to gratify the per-
sonal views of the gentleman who is pursuing
this matter, and who had really better be engaged
in some more profitable pursuit.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the extraordinary
course recommended by the Senator from Florida
will not prevail. The information I now call for
can be furnished without putting the Government
to one dollar's expense, if the Postmaster Gen-
eral will allow a clerk to copy the communica-
tions, and it will not take twenty-four hours to
do so. This gentleman has been attacked, and
I hope this publication will not go to the world
before this gentleman shall have an opportunity
to defend himself against the attack of the Post-
master General. The Senator from Florida has a
very easy way of disposingofmatters of this kind.
He stated the other day, when I called attention
to the neglect of the Department to answer my
former resolution, that it would take two clerks
four or five months to copy the correspondence
that I called for.  
Mr. YULEE. The Senator is mistaken. I said
that the copying of all the papers which would
require an examination to enable the report to be
made, would occupy four or five months.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, it appears that
the Postmaster General has seen fit to send to the
Senate letters placed upon file by the postmaster
at San Fiancisco, and his clerks, against this gen-
tleman, Mr. Goodwin, and has sent the Senate
nothing that he placed on file. Now, if anyof.it
is to be published, I desire to have the whole evi-
dence together. I do not want this gentleman to
be regarded insane. I consider him a very sans
man. As I said a few minutes ago, he has been
pursuing this officer for the last year, and has
convinced nineteen twentieths of the people of
San Francisco that he has been guilty of malfea-
sance. That is their opinion. I have received let-
ters from a. large number ofgentlemen of character
and respectability in San Francisco, saying so, and
expressing the belief that this gentleman had been
treated outrageously by the Postmaster General.
His business has been destroyed by this post-
master; and I hope that, in addition to that, we
shall not blacken his character. I want all the
information in the possession of the Post Office
Department before this document is printed, or I
want the responsibility to fall on those who de-
fend this officer.
Mr. YULEE. As the Senator has character-
ized the report of the Postmaster General, I ask
him on his honor to state whether he has read
the report and the papers accompanying it?
Mr. BRODERICK. I read the first'Yifteen or
sixteen pages of it, and I glanced over the rest of
the document, and I found that the information
for which this document now calls was not there.
I read the firstfifteen orsixteen pages,and glanced
over the rest, so as to satisfy myself that there
was a personal attack on this man.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The motion
! which the Senator from Florida has made em-
braces the whole matter. It is not to be expected
that the Committee on Printing will take jurisdic-
tion ofall the difficulties that-arise in every com-
mittee of this body, on a mere question of print-
ing. Now, in order that this whole difficulty may
be settled at once, I ask permission to return the
papers from the Committee on Printing, and they
will then be covered by the motion which has
been made by the Senator from Florida to refer
them to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope my resolution will
not be referred.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
Florida to refer the resolution of the Senator from
California to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. If there be no objection, the
Committee on Printing may be allowed to return
to the table the papers from the Post Office De-
partment.
Mr. HAMLIN. The motion now is to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the mo-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. It is accompanied with a dec-
laration on my part that the committee will report
to-morrow morning as to what is proper in the
premises.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think that is rather hasty
evidence. The Senator is too willing. I think
the rapidity with which the repoit is to come to
us from the Post Office Committee evidences too
much alacrity.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know how this
resolution came to be considered ?
Mr. YULEE. I will state to the Senator from
