762
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
between the same kind of troops employed as vol-
unteers and the same kind of troops employed as
regulars for the same time twenty-two years past;
and I say from these documents the additional
expense-of the volunteers has been $30,000,000.
Let us see how this is. The Adjutant General
in this report says:
" If we go back beyond the Mexican war, as far ag the
year 1835, we shall find that in the intervening time not less
than fifty thousand two hundred and ninety-three volunteers
were mustered into the service of the United States for pe-
riods varying from one to twelve, but usually of three or six
months."
Duringthelasttwenty-two years over fifty thou-
sand volunteers have been mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, costing this enormous
amount and why has it been ? It is because you
haVe not had regular troops to perform the ser-
vice which the country demanded, and you were
necessarily driven to call volunteers into the ser-
vice at this enormous additional expense to the
country.
Now, sir, I will put an instance or two to show
liaw your system has worked. In 1836 a portion
of the Indians inhabiting the State of Alabama
broke out into open insurrection, and there was a
very great sacrifice of individual property as well
as of blood attendant upon that insurrection. My
colleague [Mr. Toombs] well remembers it, as he
stated the other day—for he figured there, I think
pretty largely; almost as largely in that extraor-
dinary enterprise as he does on the floor of the
Senate. He was aeaptain, if I am not mistaken,
in that army. On that occasion, to save the lives
and the property of the people, there were some
four or five thousand volunteers called out from
the States of Alabama and Georgia; and even
from the " volunteer State of Tennessee" there
came down a whole brigade of mounted volun-
teers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Whenever
there is any fighting to be done, our folks are on
hand.
Mr. IYERSON. I will touch on your prowess
before I get through; and my opinion is that you
will not have much to brag of, if you look at the
circumstances impartially and properly. Because
you had not regular troops there to protect the
people, that outbreak occurred, and it involved
the Government in an expense of more than a
million dollars for the volunteer troops carried
there for the purpose of protecting the frontieis
of Alabama and Georgia, and suppressing that In-
dian outbreak. 1 remember that once there was
an encampment of two thousand five hundred
men underabrigadtergeneral in the State ofGeor-
gia, not one mile from where I now reside, besides
others on the frontiers below Columbus, Georgia,
and over on the Alabama line. , The necessity of
calling out those volunteers resulted from the fact
that you had no regulars there to protect the lives
of your people. The Government had one com-
pany at Fort Mitchell on the fiontieis, but that
was not more than forty or fifty men. If the
Government had stationed in that country, as it
ought to have done and was bound by every prin-
ciple of propriety and honor to the people there
to do, a sufficient military force, that Creek out-
break never would have occurred; there would
have been no necessity for calling out this large
force of volunteers, and the expense which it in-
volved would never have been visited on the Gov-
ernment.
Again, look at Florida. For the last fifteen or
twenty years, and more than that, you have called
out the militia and volunteers in Florida every
year, to prosecute the Seminole war. Why have
youdonethis? Whore the necessity for it? Be-
cause you had not regular troops to perform the
duty which volunteers were called upon to per-
form. In the State of Texas, large numbers of
volunteers have been called out for war purposes.
Why ? Because you have not had a regular army
to put there to protect the frontiers of Texas. And
so it has been on the Pacific, m the country rep-
resented by the Senator behind me, [Mr. Gwin,]
who has just made such an eloquent speech in
favor of volunteers. No wonder that he should
be in favor of volunteers; it is not at all surprising,
for it has not been two years since we passed a
law appropriating a million of dollars, to be re-
funded to the State of California for expenses in-
curred by that State in employing volunteers to
suppress incursions of hostile Indians. It gives
the wooly-hatted boys of the Senator from Cali-
fornia and the Senator from Tennessee employ-
ment—very good employment. They want it; they
are anxious to get it;and the Senator is but doing
his duty in trying to accommodate the " boys"
upon whom he perhaps depends, to some extent,
for his seat in this body. That is all very well;
but what does it show ? It shows that if you
had regular troops there to defend the frontiers
of California, this immense expense of a million
of dollars, which the Government has had to
refund to California, never would have been in-
curred.
How much has the Rogue river war cost, so far
as the volunteers are concerned, and the recent
Indian war in Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries ? I presume when that bill is footed up, you
will see what volunteers cost. I apprehend that
if we get clear of the expenses of those wars for
something less than six or eight million dollars
we shall be very fortunate. It has been the ab-
sence of your military force and the small amount
of the Army of the United States that has rend-
ered it nectssary to call out a large volunteer force;
so that, as exhibited in the document before me,
in twenty years fifty thousand volunteers have
been mustered into the service of the United
States.
Now, sir, there is a requisition on your Treas-
ury for >#385,000 just come in from Florida to pay
the volunteers in the service of the United States
in Florida, and the Secretary of War says that if
they are to be retained another year in the service
$385,0;i0 more must be appropriated, making in
all $770,000 to pay the volunteers now in the ser-
vice of the Government in the State of Florida,
fighting the Seminole Indians.
A Senator. Not fighting them !
Mr. IVERSON. The ostensible object is to
fight them, or, at least, to defend the frontiers;
and I have no doubt they are quite as efficient as
volunteers ever are. I do not consider volunteer
militia, raw militia, very effective under any cir-
cumstances, or anywhere. I do not think they
proved very effective in the Mexican war; for I
think that one of the regiments from Tennessee,
that vaunted State of volunteers, ran at the very
first fire at the battle of Cerro Gordo. That is my
reading of the history of that battle. You cannot
expect raw militia to stand fire like regulars. Al-
though they had somewhat the advantage of dis-
cipline before they went into that engagement,
yet the very first fire from the Mexican batteries
behind the intrenchments drove the Tennessee
regiment from the field, commanded by Colonel
Haskell, and under the charge of General Pillow,
of Tennessee. They left the field in disgust, if
not in disgrace.
One reason why I favor a bill to increase the
regular Army, and to increase it permanently, is
to obviate the necessity for calling militia into the
service of the country at the enormous expense
which is always attendant upon militia troops.
Here is a statement, which was read the other
day by the Senator from Mississippi, the chair-
man of the Military Committee, showing the com-
parative expense of a company of regulars of dra-
goons and infantry, mounted and foot, &c., and
precisely the same description of volunteer troops
for six months. Whilst regular infantry cost
$4,662 a company for six months, the same de-
scription of foot soldiers of volunteers cost $7,287
—nearly double. Does the Senator desire to know
how that occurs? It is considered extraordinary.
General Towson, the late Paymaster General,
states how it occurs. He says:
" This enotmous disparity in the expenses of the two
forces is not owing to the extravagant allowances made to
volunteers; for, except in the article of clothing, they aie
not better paid than regular troops, and altogether insuffi-
ciently compensated to reimburse them for the pecuniary
sacrifices they make in leaving home anil employment, to
sa> nothing of the danger and haidslnps they encounter. It
is cans.'d principally by expenses for traveling to and from
the place wheie the seivices of the volunteers and militia
aie required; to the lure, maintenance, and indemnity for
horses ; and to furnishing them a full supply of clothing as a
bounty, without regaid to length of service. The statements
al«o show the expense of volunteers serving on foot, and of
nniitia. The term ol'&eivice of the latter never exceeds three
months, unless specially piovided for.
•< There is one comparison that would place the contrast
between the expenses of legular and inegular troops m a
much stronger light, if I had the data to enable me to state
it in figures; and that is, the comparative loss and destruc-
tion ot military stores and public pioperty by the two forces.
The immense importance attached to this subject by Euro-
pean Governments, as a pi incipal means of sustaining war,
has led to the most rigid economy andtlie strictest account-
ability in everything connected" with the materiel of an
army. We have profited by their experience, and itis piob-
able a more perfect system of accountability is nowhere to
be found than in our little Army; but it requires the study
of years to understand, and the exercise ot martial law to
enforce it."
There is the ground for the difference of ex"-
pense. Let us take the substitute of the Senator
from Tennessee; and suppose the volunteers for
this service should be selected from Tennessee,
which,, par excellence, is the State of volunteers,
according to the statement of the Senator. I am
not disposed to dispute that statement, because 1
believe the Tennessee boys are ready for a fight,
any time and anywhere, and they will go where
ever they can be put on a horse to ride, but I never,
heard of any of them being very anxious to go on
foot into engagements; they are great hands for
riding. Take these four thousand volunteers from
Tennessee, and carry them away up to Salt Lake,
keep them in service there twelve months, and
then discharge them. Many of them will be dis-
charged long before that time. In the Mexican
war it is a fact, that out of all the irregular troops
that were sent to Mexico, of all the regiments of
volunteers who went into that service, not three
months passed over their heads before one half of
them died or were discharged and sent home on
account of sickness. There was not a volunteer
regiment in the whole Mexican war that went into
battle with more than two hundred and fifty or
three hundred of its original number, and long be-
fore the twelve months expired, the regiment had
been reduced down to a mere omnibus full—two
or three hundred men. The Palmetto regiment,
one of the best organized and regulated regiments
of volunteers in the service of the United States
in that war, went into the battles in Mexico with
only two hundred and fifty men, although they
started from South Carolina with a thousand.
This is the character of volunteer troops; but
the expense is increased every time, it is doubled
every time, you have to call new troops into ser-
vice. They serve for the stipulated time, and are
discharged. Then new troops are called into the
service, and all the transportation, all the clothing,
and all the necessary outfit and expenses of be-
ginning a campaign of this sort have to be gone
over again.
Then look at the excesses of volunteers, and
how improvident they are. The reason why reg-
ulars are more economical than volunteers while
in service, is this: regular troops are under the
command of regular officers, who make their men
mind them, but volunteer troops are always in
command of men selected by themselves, mem-
bers of their own household, their own fraternity,
their own neighborhood; men dependent for their
offices on the suffrages of the company, and hence
they do not enforce order and obedience, but let
the volunteer troops do just as they please.
When some of.the volunteer regiments were
marching up from Vera Cruz to Mexico, as an
evidence of their improvidence and want of sub-
ordination, and the excesses to which they have
a tendency, I will state a fact. In going up, one
of the volunteer regiments stopped at the private
residence of General Santa Anna, near the city
of Jalapa. They stopped on their way and went
into the hacienda, the walls of which, with his
magnificent and elegant taste, were covered with
costly and extensive paintings—paintings that
would have done honor to any age and any coun-
try; but these volunteer troops went in there and
cut, and slashed, and stuck their bayonets into
every one of those beautiful works of art, because
they belonged to the President of Mexico ! "Why,
sir, such a proceeding as that outraged the coun-
try and disgraced the nation from which they
came. Would regular troops have done that?
No, sir; not a regular soldier in the Army of the
United States would have attempted to do such a
thing as that. They would have been punished
instantly if they had attempted it. But the volun-
teers cared about nothing; they were not to be
punished; they paid no respect to their officers,
and probably the officers were quite as bad as the
men. They performed an act there which dis-
graced them, and disgraced the country from
which they were sent.
Mr. PUGH. Where does the Senator say tha
happened ? *
Mr. IVERSON. At Santa Anna's hacienda,
above Vera Cruz—I do not remember the name
of the place. I was not there, and do not spook
from personal knowledge, but I have been in-
