1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
not wish to admit into the Union as a sovereign
community a people who, in my judgment, have
debased themselves to the level of the brutes. I
would reject her without reference to her consti-
tution, or what it contains. The right of admis-
sion, or the power of admission, is a question re-
posed injCongress. It is a power not to be abused.
It is a power to be used rightly, to be used with
due discretion; and, therefore, although I claim
that the power is an absolute power reposed in us,
I agree that to set up any test which would make
an unjust discrimination between the States al-
ready in the Union, would be a gross abuse of
power. Attheformation of the Federal Constitu-
tion,some of the States of this Union were slave-
holding and some non-slaveholding States; and I
believe that to reject a new State because she is
either slaveholding or non-slaveholding, would be
a gross abuse of the power vested in Congress by
the Constitution.
That, however, is not alone my distinction.
That is the distinction of the Senator from Mich-
igan himself, made on this floor, insisted upon to-
day at great length. I have before me an inter-
esting little document—" Speech of Hon. C. E.
Stuart, of Michigan, on Kansas affairs, delivered
in the Senate of the United States, December 23,
1857," from which I propose to read a paragraph:
" The power of Congress to admit States info the Union
is the question which, m myjudgmont, Inn at the vfiy found-
ation of this discussion. Tin; Constitution of the United
States, m the third section of tiie fouith article, provides
that' new Suites may be admitted hy the Congress into this
Union.' The only limitations to the exeicise of the power
are found in the language that follows: ' but no new State
shall be foimed or erected within the juusdiction of any
other State; nor any State be foimed by the junction of
two or moic States, or parts of States, without the consent
of the Legislatures of the States concerned, as well us of
the Congress.' It was well said by Mr. Attorney General
Butler, m the Arkansas case, that the power of Congress
over this question is plenary. From the very nature of
the question, it must be. ft is subject only to the limita-
tions provided m that article ; and whenever a question is
picsented as to the admission of a State into this Union, it
must necessarily be determined by the cncumt-tnncet) which
surround and govern that particular ca^e. Why,sir, it t- a
power whichjuuhorizes the admission of foieign States, as
well as those" carved out of our own dominion ; and this
single statement will show to the inmd of any gentleman,
at a glance, that precedents, former laws of Congiot-s, never
can, and never ought to be, tesoried to for the puipose of
determining the power or the piopuety in a particular case.
1 use the term ' piopuety' with a pmpose. The power to
admit a State neeessaiily carries with it the power to dccime
to admit; and when I hear gentlemen talking about the ne-
cessity, the impeuous obligation that icsts upon Congress to
admit a State under a particular specified set of cncum-
stances, I confess, sir, it is a doctrine that is not in accord-
ance with my views of the Constitution. It may be very
proper, for instance, to refuse to admit a State to-day, and
it may be quite the leveise one yeaifiom to day. Congiess,
and Congress alone, under the power confened upon" it by
the Constitution, is to determine, not only the question
whether a State shall be admitted at all, but it is equally
clothed with authority to determine when it shall be admit-
ted."
That is not all; there is another paragraph:
Cl The power of Congress is to ' admit' a State into the
Union, not to cocrce it. Congiess would be but the veriest
tyrant that ever existed on the face of the globe if it had a
power to coerce a State into the Union contrary to the will
of the people comprising that State. It lies, then, at the
foundation of the question, as it does at the foundation of
personal liberty, that Congiess shall be satisfied—satisfied
beyond a reasonable dispute—that the people composing
the State ask to be admitted. It should never bo forgot-
ten that it isameie consent on our part—nothing more.
The State proposes admission and Congress gives it-s con-
sent. "
There is not a word abaut constitutions from
the beginning to the end of all that. That is not
all;-here is another paragraph from the same
speech: ^
<c That we have the power to admit, or refuse to admit, a i
State, according to our sound discretion, cannot be denied. J
Having that power, if there be a. doubt as to whether jou
are proposing to admit a State into the Union, or to coerce
it into the Union; nothing can be lost by taking time to ask
the people in a plain, safe, unmistakable manner, whether
they desire it or not. The people of a Territoiy, which is
about to be formed into a State, have a right—and, so far as
my examination has gone, Congress has never violated tins
right—to say, in the first place, whether they desire to form
a State constitution now, or not. They have a rieht to say
whether they will take upon themselves the burdens and ex-
penses of a State government. Where Congiess has passed
enabling acts, as in the cases of Ohio, Indiana, and other
States, and in the celebrated Toombs bill, which has been
so much talked of, an express provision was incorporated,
that when the convention was assembled, it should vote, in
the fir&t instance, whether it is expedient and pioperto pro-
ceed to form a State constitution at this time. The people
of Kansas have never had a chance to say this, and although
they might say f wc are willing to live under this Lecomp-
ton constitution, when we get ready to be a State, wc are
not ready to become a State now.' That is a right, a sacred
and inviolable-right, whiclrbelongs to the people of a Ter-
ritory when they "are invited to become a State.3'
Now, I say that is my opinion. It was so be-
fore the Senator spoke, and he aided to deepen
the impression in my mind. I have said from the
beginning, in this debate, that we pass no judg-
ment upon the constitution of Kansas except to
say that it is republican in form. Our vote is to
admit the State; and I have said before, and I say
again, we may admit her without any constitu-
tion if she only has the powers of government in
actual operation. But what did the Senator say
it was our duty to do ? If there was any dispute
as to tho desire of the people of Kansas to be
admitted into the Union, to be admitted now, to
be admitted under the Lecompton constitution, or
without any constitution, he said it was our duty
to refer that question—the question of admission
now—to an unmistakable, plain manner of de-
cision by the people of Kansas themselves. It an-
swers the Senator's own demands when he stood
on this floor on the 23d of December last. The
question of fact disputed, the only question of
fact is, whether the people of Kansas desire to be
admitted now. That is the question referred to
them by this bill.
In a very able argument made by one of my
colleagues in the other House, [Mr. 6iioesbeck,]
he took the ground that the people of Kansas
might have been willing, at the time they formed
the Lecompton constitution, to come into the
Union, but might have changed their minds, and
voted against it on the 4th of January, fie said
that, as they had a right to propose to us a peti-
tion, they had a right to withdraw it up to the
time of our acceptance. That was the ground on
which he stood.
Woil, sir, I agree to that. Admission is the act
of both parties. They ask, and we grant, and
when we wore about to grant, the Senator from
Michigan himself stood up and said wc ought to
make sure that the people desired admission now.
He put it as strongly as I have said. He declared
that although the people "might sny we are willing
to live under this Lecompton constitution when
we get ready to be a State, wc are not ready to
become a State now." The House bill goes on
the same idea. It provides that when tiie new
convention for which it calls shall be assembled
in Kansas, the first question to be submitted shall
be whether they will come into the Union at that
time. Let me read it:
" When so assembled, the convention shall fiist determine
by a vote whether it I5* the wish of the proposed State to be.
admitted into the. Union at tlut time; and if so, shall pio-
ceod to foun a constitution, and take all necessary steps for
the establishment of a State government," &c.
1 relate this to show that the question of the ad-
mission of the State, at this time, has no neces-
sary connection, so far as Congress is concerned,
with anything relating to her constitution, and to
show that the Senator from Michigan himself
drew this distinction;«that he himself insisted
upon it; that he warned us to take it for truth;
that that was the burden of his objection to the
Senate bill.
Now, m the case of Kansas, the constitution
had been formed before she applied for admission.
In the case of an enabling act we specify the terms
on which admission shall come before the consti-
tution is made; but, in the present case, the con-
stitution had been made. The constitution was
brought to us, and the Senator, by the very terms
of his argument from which I have read, admit-
ted that the constitution might be perfectly ac-
ceptable, and yet they might not desire to be ad-
mitted; and, therefore, he insisted, and I agreed
with him, that the question of admitting the State
was a proper one for Congress, and the question
of referring the constitution to the people was a
question which bethought we had power to grant,
and I thought we had not.
Now, I say the bill reported by the committee
of conferencc is nothing in the world but a bill
to ascertain, in a plain and unmistakable manner,
according to the Senator's own words, whether
the people of Kansas desire to come into the
Union now. Let us see if it is not; let us see if
I misrepresent it. I read from the first part of
the first section:
" That the question of admission, with the following prop-
ositions in lieu of the ordinance framed at Lecompton, be
submitted to a vote, of tiie people of Kansas, and assented
to by them, or a majority of the voters^ voting at an election
to be held for that pin pose."
That the question of submission be submitted
to the people of Kansas. Again, let us take the
vote upon this submission. It is:
" At the said election the voting shall be by ballot, and by
indorsing on his ballot, as each voter may please,1 propose
tion accepted,' or ' proposition rejected.' Should a major-
ity of the votes cast be for 4 proposition accepted.' the Pres-
ident of tli& JJmted States, as soon as the fact is'duly made
known to mm, shall announce the same by proclamation,
and thereafter and without any further proceedings on the
part of Congress, the admission of the State of Kansasinto
the Union upon an equal footing with the original States
in all lespects whatever, shall be complete and absolute."
That is the question submitted. And again:
u But should a majority of the votes cast be for 4 propo-
sition rejected,5 it shall be deemed and held that the people
of Kansas do riot desire admission into the Union with said
constitution under the conditions set fofth in said proposi-
tion , and in that event the people of said Territory are hereby
authorized and empowered to form lor themselves a consti-
tution and State government."
And so as to the convention that is to-be called
hereafter under the conference bill. That conven-
tion,when it is assembled,is first to determineby
a vote whether it is the wish of the people of the
proposed State to be admitted into the Union at
that time. So in the preamble:
" Whereas, the said constitution and ordinance have
been presented to Congress by order of said con vention, and
admission of said Territory into the Union thereon, as a
State, requested; and whereas, said ordinance is not accept-
ableto Congress, and it is desirable to ascertain whether the
people of Kansas concur m the changes in said ordinance
hereinafter stated, and desire admission into the Union as a
State as herein proposed."
That is what it is. It is no submission of the
constitution—no submission of any part of it.
We have no power to submit it; but we have the
right to pass on the question of admission, and
to pass on it without any reference to the consti-
tution, as the Senator claimcd, and has been de-
monstrated time and again on this floor; and inas-
much as it is denied, as the Senator himself denied,
that the people of Kansas desired to be admitted
now, we remit that question, and that only, to
the vote of the people of Kansas. To be sure,
the question of admission thus submitted will ne-
cessarily involve, in the mind of every voter, tho
question whether he approves or disapproves the
constitution. No doubt of that, and nobody ever
objected to that. I never heard of a man in this
Congress, or any where in the country,-who ob-
jected to the people of Kansas voting for or
against their own constitution, if they wished to
do it; but the ground we stood upon was that,
speaking by their representatives in the Legisla-
ture, in the passage of the convention act, and
speaking by their delegates in convention elected
by themselves, they had solemnly forborne to
vote upon anything but the seventh article. We
said that was the expressed will of the people
through all their Representatives in the Legisla-
ture, and m the convention, and that we could
not alter it; that if these delegates or Representa-
tives had not expressed tho will of the people, it
was very unfortunate; but it was a ease for which
we could apply no remedy, because we had no
power. We never objected—certainly, at least,
t never did, for a moment—to any such proposi-
tion as that these people might vote for or against
their constitution. We denied that Congress had
the power to require it. That wos our proposi-
tion; and it is so plain that he who runs may
read.
Although we cannot, and do not, and will not,
remit this constitution to a vote of the people, be-
cause that is to violate its own terms, I never heard
it objected to, that in voting upon the question
of admission, whieh we hud a right to remit, they
might, or might not, be governed by the terms of
the constitution itself. That is their own question;
that is not our question; and therefore it is no
objection that they can themselves, if they choose,
pass upon the whole of that constitution, whilst
they are at the same time voting upon a question
which we have the power to submit, and abso-
lutely. That is the reason why I s&y that this
bill is a fair and honest compromise between the
Senate bill and the House bill; that it preserves
intact that which each of them claims as a funda-
mental right, the majority of the Senate declaring
that Congress had no power to remit the constitu-
tion to a direct vote, and a portion at least, if not
a majority of the House ofllepresentatives, insist-
ing that Congress had a right to remit the consti-
tution, and that the people ought to be enabled to
vote for, or against it, in some form. Now tho
