1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
184$
people get the. benefit of that right, though we do ;j
not give it to them. We give them the right to j|
vote whether they will be admitted or not. I say,
then, this proposition, while it saves the great
constitutional objection to the House bill,gives to
every sincere supporter of that bill all that is ma-
terial in it.
Nor is the question relative to the grants of
land more than one element, and that very insig-
nificant, in the question actually submitted ? We
reject the ordinance passed at Lecompton, No-
vember 7, 1857; we might have left the matter
thus, and admitted the State, retaining all the
public lands, and allowing her, when admitted, to
assert her power of taxation over them. I say
we might have done that, and we did it in the Sen-
ale bill. But here we have proposed, not a bribe
of any sort, but the usual grants in the case of
every new State—the same which were made to
Minnesota—as a mere incident, a collateral ele-
ment in the question of admission; and that is the
very language of the proposed bill. That, how-
ever, says my colleague, is no part of the contro-
versy; and so says the Senator from Michigan.
Well, if it be no part of the controversy, it will
exercise no influence in determining the question.
I agree to that. It is wholly immaterial. Where-
fore, then, do these Senators declare that it is a
bribe ? Was it a bribe in the case of Minnesota?
Did we not providein the Minnesotaenablingact
that if her convention of delegates would vote to
come into the Union, she should have these very
same grants; but if they did not vote to come in,
she should not have them. That is the very lan-
guage of the Minnesota bill. Was that a bribe ?
I imagine no man ever thought so. This cer-
tainly cannot be a bribe; for it is much less than
thp convention at Lecompton asked, and much
less than the late convention at Leavenworth
asked.
Of course, sir, if the people vote in favor of ad-
mission at this time on the question no w submitted;
if they vote " proposition accepted," the constitu-
tion framed at Lecompton will be the constitution
of the State of Kansas. Undoubtedly that will
bo the case; and why not? It was framed by a
convention of delegates of the people, chosen in
due form of law, delegates chosen fairly, dele-
gates chosen unanimously; and its seventh article |
was ratified by an almost unanimous vote of the i
people—all who chose to vote. Is that not a suf- I
ficient ratification ? Why, sir, let us see how cir- j
cumstanc.es alter cases. On the 9th of April, 1856, !
the Senator from JNew York [Mr. Seward] was
urging us to admit this very Territory of Kansas !
as a State under the Topeka constitution; and i
what did he tell us then ? Here is what he said: j
'-Tiie Pi evident objects that the pa-H proceedings by which j
the new ^tate ol' Kansas was organized, wcie lnegular m (
tlnec lespect^: fir-t, thai they wcie instituted, conducted, j
and completed, without a previous pei mission by Congress, 1
oi by the local authorities within thelYmtoiy. Secondly, ]
that they were instituted, conducted, and completed by a (
pai tv, and not by the whole people of Kansas; and thudiy, 1
that the new folate holds an attitude ot defiance and m«ub- J
ordination towaid^ the temtorial authorities, and the Fed- i
eial Union I reply, first, that if the proceedings in question !
weie megularand paitisan-likeand factious the exigencies
of the cast; would at lea^t excuse the lciuli>, and Congress j
lias unlimited discretion to waive them. Secondly, the pio- >
ceedmgs were not thus irregular, partisan-like, and factious, ;
because no act of Congress'forbadc them; no act ot theTer- :
utonal Legislature forbade them, dnectly, or by implication; j
nor had the Territorial Legislative power either to authoi- ;
ize or to prohibit them. The proceedings were, indeed, in- j
satined by a party who favored them ; but they were pros- ]
coined and consummated in the customaiv forms of popular i
elections, which were open to all the inhabitants of theTei- 1
ritory qualified to vote by the organic law, and to no others; j
and thfy have in no case come into conflict, nor does the ;
new State now act or assume to engage in conflict with
either the territorial authoi ities, or the Government of the
7-nion. Thirdly, there can be no irregularity where theie
is no law presetibing what shall beregulai. Congress has
passed no jaw establishing regulations for the organization
oi admission of new States. Precedents in such cases, being
without foundation in law, are without authority. This is
A country whose Government is regulated, not by prece-
dents, but by constitutions."
Every word of that applies to every objection
that has been urged here by the Senator from
New York,and others, to the Lecompton constitu-
tion, with this further addition: that this election,
m which everybody could have participated, was
railed in due form of law, and had an authority
which this rebellious Topeka movement never had.
But, in addition, the people of Kansas by voting for
admission, will have voted that the Lecompton
constitution shall be ratified, not because that
is the question which is submitted, but because
it is a question necessarily involved; and if they
ratify with their eyes open, by what right does
the Senator from Michigan or anybody else pro-
test against it? What more does popular sover-
eignty require ? And the whole of this side of the
House are foreclosed forever and a day, as to the
objection that this may be a slaveholding State;
forever foreclosed from making the allegation that
we have submitted this constitution to the people
of Kansas as a skiveholding State, for they voted
for exactly the same thingin the House bill—every
man of them. If the constitution is objectionable
in any of its features, if it requires revision or
perfection, let the people amend it in their own
way. They might vote for the admission know-
ing that would be their constitution, with the ex-
press purpose of altering it afterwards. They
might say, " Here is an opportunity for us to
enter the Union; we desire to enter the Union;
we do not admire all the features of oar constitu-
tion, but when we are once enfranchised asaState
we shall have absolute power over our constitu-
tion, and, therefore, we will vote in the affirma-
tive." If they choose to do it, whose business
is it to call them to account? They have a right
to amend it. I shall not debate that question; a
majority of the Senate has said so; almost all or
more than four fifths of the House of Represent-
atives have said so in their votes on this very bill;
the Presidentof the United States has said so. So
far at least as the Federal Government is con-
cerned, in both branches of the Legislature, and
in the executive department, there can be no ob-
stacle to any amendment which the people of
Kansas may desire.
The Senator from "Vermont, [Mr. Coli.amer,]
however, said the Supreme Court of the United
States might interfere. I say, as I said before,
the Supreme Court of the United States has sol-
emnly determined that it has not power to decide
which of two instruments is the constitution of a
State; and it has no such power. Why, sir, it
does not even undertake to decide whether a treaty
has been ratified, ft has decided that it cannot
look to that question; but that, if a treaty is in
force by permission of the Executive and the Sen-
ate, it will not look into the question whether it
was, or was not, ratified in due form.
Now, sir, Kansas has no other constitution; and
when Senators talk about approving the Lecomp-
ton constitution, they fall into the old blunder.
They forget that Kansas has no other. She must
have a constitution or a form of government. All
that is absolutely required is, that she shall have
a republican form of government; that is the
phrase of the Federal Constitution. That form
of government may be expressed in a constitution
or an ordinance, or what they call in Mexico a
plan, or it may rest m usage; but to rest in usage,
requires, perforce, that it must be in practice; it
must be in force, m operation, as was the case of
Rhode Tsland. Her government was in actual
operation; and, although it stood entirely upon
usage, yet that was a sufficient form of govern-
ment, and we admitted her into the Union; but
Kansas has no State governmemm operation; we
cannot stand on usage in her case; and, therefore,
she must present us a constitution, or a funda-
mental law, or a plan, or something of that sort,
containing her form of government; and she has
presented none to us but the constitution framed
at Lecompton. That is the only application to
admit the State. There is no other application
from the people of Kansas, except to be admitted
with the distinct understanding that this is their
form of government; and, therefore, it is a mere
perversion of language—for there can be no mis-
take in such a distinction—to say that Congress,
in admitting the State of Kansas, approves or lati-
fies the constitution framed at Lecompton, or
forces it upon the people of Kansas, in any sense
or to any extent. She has no other constitution;
she asks admission knowing the fact that she has
no other; and, therefore, if you admit her, you
admit her with that; and if you reject her, that
falls, of course, for there can be no constitution
without a State.
But my colleague asks, why not submit the
Topeka constitution in the same manner? Why
not remitthe question of the admission of the peo-
ple of Kansas into the Union to their own votes,
with the understanding that Topeka may be their
constitution? The answer is, that Topeka is no
constitution; it is a mere fraud—1 take that word t
back for fear it might hurt somebody's feelings—
it is a mere pretense; it is illegal; it is revolution-
ary; it is made by the authority of no law at any
stage, neither in the election of delegates, nor in
the alleged various submissions to the vote of the
people. There is nothing to distinguish the del-
egate; nothing to distinguish the voter. It is a
baseless, unsubstantial vision that rests nowhere.
And it is given up; it is dead and buried; or at
least its ghost stalks. There is nobody but my
colleague so poor to do it reverence.
Mr. WADE. The Topeka constitution re-
ceived the unqualified acceptance of one branch
of Congress, and was rejected by the other, in the
same way that Lecompton has been admitted by
one and rejected by the other.
Mr. PUGH. I say if Lecompton be rejected,
and does not pass both Houses, it will be dead,
too.
Mr. WADE. The Senator did not understand
me. I did not ask the question, why not accept
the Topeka constitution? I merely asked the
question why, when both these constitutions had
been acted upon and received equal countenance
from Congress and there was a dispute about the
validity of them, did not this committee, meeting
with full power to make a just conclusion of the
whole matter that should be satisfactory to every-
body, agree to submit them all, or to lay both
aside and do what was right? *
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to misrepresent
my colleague. I attach no importance to the fact
that Lecompton .passed one House or the other.
I am willing to treat it as an offer to-day to which
neitherJEiouse had ever agreed. I attach no im-
portance to the fact that one House passed a bill
and the otherdid not. That does not make a law;
nor do I admit that Congress could give any va-
lidity to one or the other. My objection to To-
peka is that it was never formed by the people
of Kansas; that there was no law authorizing the
election of the delegates framing it; that there was
no law authorizing the convention to be assem-
bled; that there was no law authorizing anybody
to vote for it; that there was no law throwing
protection about tiie ballot-box—no protection ot
the right of voting, it is ail idle to talk about
that being a constitution. It is no more a consti-
tution than if my colleague had sat in his seat and
written it with his own hand, and offered it to
Congress—not a whit
So as to this last: we hear nobody say anything
about that; but we might as well look at all. i
allude to the one said to have been framed by the
convention at Leavenworth. I say that was an
illegal body. The bill calling that convention
never passed the Legislature of Kansas. Legis
latures must pass bills according to the form pre-
scribed in the organic act; and yet this alleged
Legislature, which is said to have been the repre-
sentative of the friends of peace, sat sixty whole
days, and took mighty gond care not to pass the
most important bill which they said was before
them—to do just enough to make a fuss under it,
and just enough to lose it. The law requires, for
the protection of the Legislature and the protec-
tion of the people themselves, to secure dehbeia-
tion in the Legislature, that every bill which his
passed both IIous.es shall be presented to the
Governor for approval or rejection, and that tiie
Governor shall have three days to consider it: -o
consider it before he approves if, to consider it
before he rejects it, and return it, with his objec-
tions, to the Legislature. Well, sir, they took
good care to send it to the Governorat such a late
period of the session that the Legislature was dis-
solved, and expired, and dead by the provisions
of the organic act before the expiration of the pc-
liod during which the Governor could examine it
He is allowed three days by the organic act. 1
know it is pretended that by counting the day on
which the bill was presented to the Governor, they
could eke out something in the way of three days;
but it is too late to raise that question. It has
been settled from the first Administration of this
Government, in the most solemn and decisive
manner, that the day on which a bill is presented
to the President of the United States shall not be
counted. The question arose, above all cases in
the world, in the case of the first Bank of the Uni-
ted States. I have the proof; and as it is a matter
of some interest, I ask the Secretary to relieve me
by reading the two letters I have marked in the
correspondence which I send to the desk.
