1358.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28W
Maine on what the readiness of the committee j
is based. It is based on a general knowledge !
of the subject derived from an examination of it
during the whole session; it having been under ;
the consideration of the committee at some half a ;
dozen meetings; and from the intention to obtain j
from the Department, as I can do in the course of i
the day, a precise knowledge of the time which j
will be employed in furnishing that information j
and the value of the information when acquired, j
that we may be able to inform the Senate upon j
the subject. j
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, Mr. President, the Sen- !
ator from Florida told us a few moments ago that i
if this information was supplied by the Depart- :
ment, it would cost us thousands of dollars. The j
Senator from California says it will take but a 1
short time, and that he will pledge himself that it .
shall be at no expense to the Government. j
Mr. BRODERICK. If the Postmaster Gen- i
eral will allow the papers to be copied, I say the
Government shall be put to no expense.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know nothing about this
case; but there is a single point that presents it-
self to my mind, and it is one which will control
my vote. I understand the Senator from Cali-
fornia to say that the man who presents us his
memorial this morning is a man of respectability.
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. He affirms that we have cer-
tainpapersin ourpossession the printing of which
will be injurious to him. He also affirms that :
there are other papers, not included in the papers ,
before us, which, if presented, will give the whole ,
case to the country, and thus protect him. Now, 1
are we going, with that allegation before us, to ;
print papers which may destroy the reputation of j
a man of good standing in the community ? Is it 1
just, is it right, is it proper ? It does not seem to ;
me to be so. ;
I do not know anything about the merits of this !
case. 1 can safely say that I do not believe the Post- j
master General has sent us any statement that he j
designed, or that he believed for a single moment, !
to be in any way garbled or one sided; and still j
I know that the head of any Department cannot
himself examine all papers; and he is obliged, to ,
a certain extent, to depend upon others, and they .
may not present as full a case as would be pre- (
seated, if the superintendence were under the di- ,
rect head of the Department. I can very well ;
understand that. I know the head of the Post
Office Department too well to believe for a single
moment that he would do anything else than
what a high-minded and honorable man, as I ,
think he is, should do; and still I can see how i
papers might come here from the Department ;
which would blast the reputation of this man, as ■
he alleges.
NowtheSenatorfromCahforniaasks—what? I
thought the Senator from Arkansas madejust that 1
suggestion which ought to have met the approba- j
tion of every Senator. What is it? Refer all1
these papers to the Post Office Committee, pass this .
resolution, let the papers which this resolution calls J
for go with those already before us to the Post j
Office Committee, and then let that committee dc- !
termine what ought to be done. I would not re- |
fer this resolution to the committee and let them
go behind the resolution; but let all the papers go .
to the committee, and then let the committee act 1
fairly, as I have no doubt they will. I think, in !
justice to an American citizen, we cannot do less, ,
and I shall be amazed if the Senate will under-1
take to order the printing of papers with those
allegations before us, that may blast the reputa-
tion of a citizen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have had my attention
drawn somewhat to this matter, and it is so mani-
festly proper and right that papers should not be
published under the authority of the Senate reflect-
ing upon the character of a private citizen, when
that citizen alleges that other papers in the Depart-
ment from whence they came explain the transac-
tion and remove those reflections, that I should
not think there could be two opinions about it in
the Senate. 11 is not the Postmaster General who
makes these charges,as I understand; 'but a con-
troversy has existed in California between Mr.
Goodwin and the postmaster at San Francisco.
The Postmaster General, in answering a resolu-
tion of inquiry, communicates to the Senate a let-
ter from California to him, which reflects upon
this individual, makes charges against him that
would blast his reputation forever; and lean say
that I have seen the gentleman, a d so far from
being insane he is a very intelligent man.
I wish to say another thing. This is not a con-
troversy, as the Senator from Florida intimates,
between private individuals; it affects the public,
not only at San Francisco but throughout the
whole country. It relates to the authority of the
deputy postmasters to practice what is regarded
in San Francisco, and in many other places, cisan
extortion upon the community. It is a public mat-
ter. The Senator from Florida says that if the
resolution be referred to his committee they will
ascertain from the Post Office Department whether
this information is impoitant or not. Why, sir,
the Post Office Department is the party impli-
cated.
Mr. YULES. What I said was, that by an
examination of the papers we should be able to
report to the Senate whether we thought them
important, whether we thought them worth the
expense of employing a public officer to copy
them between this and the next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am informed by the
Senator.from Connecticut, who is on the Post
Office Committee, that the papers are already
copied; and if that be so, they can be communi-
cated to the Senate at once.
Mr. YULEE. Who says so ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. DIXON. These papers, I* suppose, are
the same papers which have already been before
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and have been returned to the Department. I
think they are already copied, most of them.
Mr. YULEE. Copied by whom? Nobody
was authorized to copy them.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose they were copied by
the clerks of the Department. I behave they arc
the same papers we had before us m the commit-
tee this winter.
Mr. YULEE. I am satisfied the Senator is
mistaken, bccause so far from their being able to
copy them, they furnished us the originals, for
they had not time to copy them. The question
now is, whether we shall employ time devoted to
other and more valuable pui poses, to the copying
of these papers, unless on examination we shall
find that they arc material and important, in jus-
tice to this man ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This controversy involves
the construction of laws by the Department; and,
in my judgment, the Department has put errone-
ous constructions on the post office laws. As a
matter of course, if the Department be permitted
to selectout the papers which they will send here,
they will sond those which justify their own
course. We want the whole of them, so as to ;
juds:e of this matter. j
Wlnlu I am up, 1 will allude to another subject ;
in connection with this inquiry. A few weeks i
ago, I offered a resolution calling for information J
from the Department as to its rules and regula- ;
tiofts. The resolution was adopted by the Senate. 1
It was sent to the Postmaster General; and we
have had a reply to it. The Senate will bear in-j
mind that these difficulties grow out of the regu-
lations of the Post Office Department, uul it was
impossible to ascertain what the regulations were. I
Now, will the Senate believe—I ask the Senator
from Florida and the Senator from Pennsylvania
if they are prepared to sanction it—will the Sen-
ate and the country believe, that the Postmaster
General has been sending out printed rules and
regulations to every postmaster m the United
States, which, m a communication to this body,
he says are unofficial? 1 have in my hand the
answer to the resolution to winch I have alluded,
in which he states:
<e Post Oi-fioe Drpartmkm-, June 3, 1858.
" Sir : In answet to the mqiiuics ni.ule by the Senate's
resolution ot the 27th ultimo, relative to the l^t* or post-
offices, regulation.-*, &c., published by Geoige S. Gideon
in looo, and by John 0. Uivcs in 18.>7, I have the honor to
state, that m those years there having been no specific ap-
propnation for the compilation and piintinjjofa manual of
that kind, copies of those book^ were puichased for the u^e
of the Depaitment. Neither oi'thciri is s-t.ictly official, both
naving been prepared and published onpnvate account.
But it besri" necessary to supply postuia^eis with new lists
of post offices, and believing that the regulations' annexed
to the li-ith in tho-se volumes vveie geneially correct copses
of the official legulntions of the Department, tins eouise
was adapted as the most feasible and much iho cheapest
mode of securing that object. The volume of 183") was sent,
dining that and the following year, to many of the Depart-
ment's agents, and to several thousand postmasters; and
that ofl837 to all its agents and postmasters."
This volume of 1857 was sent to all the ageflts
of the Department and the postmasters, with
these regulations in it; and now the Department
refuses to indorse them; and, in answer to.my
question whether they are correct copies or not,
says they are unofficial, but generally correct. I
have prepared another resolution, which I sjiali
move as an amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from California, inquiring of the Poet-
master General by what authority he has dissem-
inated to the postmasters and post office agents
in the country printed regulations, which he now
says are unofficial and without authority. He
says, in the communication to which I have re-
ferred, that no appropriation was made for the
purpose of publishing a correct copy. I should
think it would take no more money to pubhsh.a
correct copy than to purchase an incorrect copy.
I have inquired in this resolution by what au-
thority he made this purchase, where and whence
he obtained the money to pay for it; and I move
it as an additional resolution to the one offered by
the Senator from California, and hope both will
be adopted together.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the attention of the Senator from Illinois to the
fact that the pending motion is a motion to com-
mit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I withdraw my
proposition until that motion is disposed of.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I kn^pr nothing in re-
gard to the merits of this matter; in fact, all that
I know on the subject is what I have learned in.
the course of the discussion; but I wish to sug-
gest to the Senator from California a modification
of the language of his resolution.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have modified it, in ac-
cordance with the suggestion of the Senator, by
striking out the word " forthwith."
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am satisfied.
The motion to refer the lesolution to the Com'
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads was not
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the resolution of the Senator fiom Cali-
fornia. To this resolution the Senator from Illi-
nois moves an amendment, which the Secietary
will read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
mfoirn the Senate by what authoiity the books referred
to m his "answer to tiie Senate's resolution of the 27th ul-
timo, " relative to the list of post offices, regulations," &c.,
" prepared and pubh&hed on pnvate account," and not ree-
o«in/ed by the Depaitment as- official, have been purchased
by i he I'ost Office Department, and distributed to its agents
and prMmtffteis, the amount paid for  uch publications, and
out of what I umJ; also, that iic communicate to the Senate
a pinned eopy of" the last official edition" of the regula-
tions? of the Department, together with a copy of such offi-
cial legtilanons as have since been adopted and furnished
by mean ? of pimfd cyeulais, and wh« eh are now in avefor
the guide and government of postmasters in the discharge
ot their duties.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it m order for me to move
to postpone the prior orders, and take up the
appropriation bills.5 because it is evident this
mutter is going to consume -the whole morning
hour.
Mr/HOUSTON. I hope the morning hour
will lie given to morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion intimated by the Senator from Vir-
ginia would be in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I make that motion. ["Ques-
tion."] if there be no further debate on this mat-
ter, I shall not press the motion.
Mr. 1IAMLIN. When a question is under
debate, only one of certain specified motions can
be put. When this matter is out of the way, the
Sen.itor from Virginia can make his motion—not
before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia was about to make a motion to postpone
tins subject, which is one of the specified motions
under the rule, and would be m oider. The
question'now, however, is on the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois to the icsolution of the
Senator fiom California.
Mr. YUL bJS. I suggest whether it is in order
to introduce a new subject-mattcr, as an amend-
ment, and thus escape the effect of the rule which
lequires a day's notice before a resolution can be
acted upon ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Flor-
