164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
inces and dependencies. Authority overthrown
there, is to be not long maintained in the Capitol.
At the same time that I assumed this position, 1
also took another, that I would on no occasion, if
it could be avoided, unnecessarily increase the
standing Army of the United States.
These are the positions on which I have stood
thus far throughout the session on these ques-
tions. I stand upon them now. It is not neces-
sary to deny or repel the charges made here that
I am for persecuting the Mormons on the ground
of their religious faith. It is sufficiently appa-
rent that there is no United States Government in
Utah; that-there is a despotism there maintained
by Brigham Young. My simple object is to re-
store the Government of the United States. That
is the sole, object of the measure under considera-
tion. It is not an open question whether this ef-
fort shall be made. We have had intimations that
we might send commissioners to Utah to treat;
that we might send schoolmasters and mission-
aries to convert the Mormons. That is all well.
I see no objection to sending commissioners to
treat, and schoolmasters and missionaries to teach,
preach, and oanvert the Mormons; but there is
no Government in Utah except that of Brigham
Young, and that is a despotism, existing in defi-
ance of the authority of the United States, which
has been supplanted. Therefore it is necessary
to display the power of the United States in that
Territory, in order to open the way for any effect-
ive communication with the Mormons in any other
manner.
However, this may be, as I have said, it is not
an open question whether the demonstration shall
be made. The President of the United States, m
the month of October, I think, dispatched a new
Governor to replace Brigham Young, in Utah,
and with him a military force. Then that force
must be displayed in the Territory, in order to
produce the result, or it must be recalled, so that
it cannot be displayed there. Congress has only
these alternatives, because the President informs
us, because all military men assure us, because
we all know that that small force, consisting when
it was dispatched of only fifteen hundred men,
and now reduced probably to twelve hundred or
thirteen hundred, is locked up in the mountains,
between the settled parts of the United States and
Utah, and is incapable of proceeding to the cap-
ital of Utah. It must be reinforced, so that it
may pursue its journey and effect its object, or
it must be recalled.
Thus, those who say that nothing shall be done
must have made up their mind to let that force
parish, or to recall it. What, then, is to be the
condition of the United States in that Territory >
Defied,'supplanted, overthrown; the force dis-
patched by the President of the United States to
reduce it to subordination, retracing its steps, and |
abandoning the effort to establish Federal author-
ity in the Territory. The responsibility for this
would fall on me if I should support that policy.
Increasing or reinforcing this small force isneoes-
sary for its own preservation. Whatever may be
our feelings, and the sentiments of humanity in
regard to the Mormons, as a religious socicty, we
are interested in every way in the fate of that
small portion of the Army which is thus exposed.
We must send it forward, with reinforcements,
or we must recall it immediately. It seems to
me, then, it devolves on those who will do noth-
ing to reinforce it, to take some measures to induce
the recall of the troops, and to announce to the
President of the United States that Congress is of
opinion that Federal authority ought to be aban-
doned in Utah. Thus much as to the merits of
the question.
Having made up my mind that that body of
men was to be reinforced, I have been of opinion
that it ought to be reinforced with sucli additions
as would enable it to accomplish its object without
the effusion of human blood. If you increase it 1
by fifty men it is no augmentation, and it will be j
as ineffectual as it was before; if you increase it ]
by a thousand it will be too small; if you increase ,
it by two thousand, it may bo enough and it may
not. It is impossible, under the circumstances of j
the case, to adopt any othtr rule but that which
you always adopt in military operations; and that
is the prudent one of always dispatching, if you j
can, a force certainly large enough to effect the ob- '
ject. Now, the object is to effect the restoration I
of authority in Utah peacefully—without war, II
without bloodshed. If that is to be done at all it
is to be done by an imposing demonstration.
Having arrived at that conclusion, I was willing
to trust, as I am now, those who have charge of
the military power of the United States with-the
designation of the amount of force which is
necessary. I was further willing to trust them
with the designation of the kind of force, leaving
to them the responsibility which the country has
devolved on them. But, on behalf of the Presi-
dent, very soon was sent into Congress a recom-
mendation for five regiments, and this recom-
mendation, which was made by the Secretary of
War, was based on the necessity of a permanent
increase of the Army, by the addition of five regi-
ments. I do not know what was the fate of that
proposition in the House of Representatives; it
is no matter what it was. But it had no sooner
come here, and been presented by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwin,] than I then sub-
mitted to that honorable Senator, that if we were
to add new regiments to the United States Army,
and permanent regiments, we must give up the
projet of a Pacific railroad for as long as he or I
should live; because there are two antagonistical
systems for maintaining the power and carrying
on the operations of Government in the United
States, between the Atlantic States and the Pacific.
The one is a railroad, which is pacific, and the
otherisanarmed powerorpolice. For that reason,
without hesitating one moment, I voted against
the five regiments. It was distinctly an addition
to the standing Army of the United States, unne-
cessary in this emergency of Utah.
Precisely the same reason obliges me to say
now, that in any shape in which the organization
shall be, or shall appear to be, in the nature of
permanent additions to the Army, I shall vote
against it. Now I understand from the honora-
ble Senator who last addressed the Senate, who
belongs to the Military Committee, that the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs has
agreed to accept the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, to substitute regiments in
place of companies. I am then thrown back on
the question of what other description and amount
of force can be supplied consistently with the
principles which I have maintained, and on which
I intend to stand.
The amendment offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, revised and perfected by
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, proposes
to raise within certain limits so large a number as
the President of the United States shall, in his dis-
cretion, think it necessary to call out. It may be
four thousand men. The number is not too large,
in my estimation, for a contingency which may
happen. It may be too large m contingencies which
may happen. The provision leaving it to the discre-
tion of the President of the United States, there-
fore, seems to me to be wise. Only one other thing
remains in relation to it. This will be a force of
volunteers; the other one, proposed by the com-
mittee, would be a part of theregular Army. This,
however, is a distinction without a difference.
The men proposed by the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, will be men who
are enlisted to serve two years, and to serve in
Utah. They will be dragoons and infantry. They j
are to have rations, and clothing, and arms exactly
like those which the regular Army has; they are i
to receive precisely the same pay; while the men '
who shall be enlisted under the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia, will be men who arc raised -
for two years; they will have just the same clothes,
the same rations, the same pay, the same term of
service, as the men who might be enlisted under
the name of volunteers, under the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee. There
is no real difference; and in both cases they are
to be disbanded at the expiration of two years,
peremptorily, and without the intervention of
Congress.
I see no difference between them except this:
if the troops to be raised shall belong to the reg-
ular Army, and are attached to it, the President
will appoint officers; and if they are called volun-
teers, they will elect their own officers. Such is
my faith in the capacity of the American citi- ;
zens who will be volunteers in this case, that I am
quite willing to trust them with the election of i
their regimental officers as well as of officers of''
the line. 1 find myself brought to prefer this prop- i|
osition, agam, by the remarks which have been !i
made by the honorable Senator from California;
for at the beginning of this session, when I de-
clared my intention to support the President in
this movement, I also submitted and suggested
for his consideration, as well as that of the public,
that volunteers from the California side might
probably be employed more readily, more speed-
ily, and with better effect, than to take an armed
force from this side of the mountains.
I have tried hitherto so to act with regard to
this bill as to come into no serious conflict with
the duty which I owe in regard to the Territory
of Kansas. I am happy to say that this bill, in
its present shape, will do something towards re-
lieving the question of that embarrassment. I do
not tlnnk that the Army ought to be retained in
Kansas. If I had the power, I would direct that
all troops now in Kansas should be transferred
to Utah. I have no power to do that. These vol-
unteers are to be used only in Utah. If they
are insufficient, the President must choose to send
the Army from Kansas to Utah, or bear the re-
sponsibility of disasters that may occur.
I may be allowed to say that what has happened
is already a disaster. It redounds to the discredit
—I will not say the disgrace—of the Government
of the United States, that with the Territory of
Utah in rebellion, with no Federal authority there
whatever, a small band of twelve or fourteen hun-
dred soldiers, with a civil Governor, are left in the
mountains, to perish on their way there. I think
this is humiliating to the country. I should have
said so earlier, if it had not been that, inasmuch as
the whole subject involves the recstablishment of
Federal authority now overthrown in Utah, it did
not seem to me wise, it did not seem to me patriotic,
to take that time to arraign the Government for the
blunders by which this singular state of things had
happened. It seemed to me that, if I meantto re-
store Federal authority in that Territory, I must
defer criticisms on the management of the rela
tions of the Territory until that is done.
But we have arrived at that pass when the Pres-
identof the United States will not, otherwise than
by his declaration I have read from his message,
maintain or acknowledge that the object of the
reinforcement of the Army which he seeks is for
the especial purpose of this emergency in Utah.
Therefore I have taken occasion to say that I
think we are already arrived at a point where the
national power is in abeyance, and the national
arm paralyzed. The movement of Colonel John-
ston s command was too early or too late, and the
force is too small in any case. I wish to give it
efficiency. I know that if it is not done by rein-
forcement it cannot be done at all; and then the
expedition mustend, not merely in this dishonor,
butm disaster, and in suffering of brave and in-
nocent men. I cannot conceive it possible that
this small body of men can be marched to Utah
without danger from the Mormons and from the
Indians to whom they will be exposed; and I can-
not conceive it possible that it can be marched
back again to the settled parts of the United States
and put into garrison, without a disgrace which
will consign this Administration to the contempt
of the whole country, and expose the country to
the scorn of the world. Still it looks to me as if
that was to be the finale of al! these debates. It
looks to me very much, with the reluctance I see
on the part of Congress to grant any reinforce-
ments, that just this disaster is to happen. If so,
I wish barely to say, that by the votes I shall give
I shall manifest my determination to bear no part
of so painful a responsibility.
Under these circumstances, carrying out the
same principles which I have applied hitherto in
this matter, I shall vote for this amendment of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee; not as some
say the.v shall vote for it, for the purpose of defeat-
ing the bill; butin good faith,and for the purpose
of relieving the command of Colonel Johnston, and
of sustaining the authority of the United States in
theTerntory of Utah. If that shall be overruled,
whatever may be the proposition, however ob-
noxious on the ground of theory or otherwise, !
shall then vote for such a military power as will
accomplish the end if it be possible. Content with
having advised a better way, I shall acquiesce in
any other if ovcrru'ed.
Mr. BiGGfcJ. Mr. President, after the pro-
tracted debate which we have had on this question,
it is with extreme reluctance that I rise to submit
any remarks to the Senate; but in order to put
