1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
April 28,
• The Secretary read the following letters:
Wednesday Noon, Fehruary 23,1791.
Sir: I have this moment received your sentiments with
respect to the consjjituuonality of the bill " to incorporate
the subscribers to Hie Bank of the United States."
Tins bill was presented to me hy the joint committee of
Congiess, at twelve o'clock on Monday, the 14th instant.
To what precise period, fay legal intei pretation of the Con-
stitution, can the President retain it m his possession, be-
fore it becomes a law by the lapse of ten days ?
GEORGE WASHINGTON.
To the Secretary of the Treasury.
February 23,1791.
Sir: In answer to your note of this morning, juft deliv-
ered to me, I give it as my opinion that you have ten days,
exclusive of that on which the bill was delivered to you,
and Sundays; hence, in the present case, if it is returned
ou Friday, at any time while Congress are sitting, it will be
in time.
It might be a question, if returned after their adjournment
on Friday.
I have the honor to be, with perfect respect, sir, your
most obedient servant,
A. HAMILTON.
To thd President of the United States.
Mr. PUGrH. It appears by the book contain-
ing this correspondence that the bill to incorpo-
rate the' Bank of the United States was presented
to Genera] Washington on the 14th day of Feb-
ruary. It was approved on the 25th day of Feb-
ruary, as the statute-book will show—ten days
after its presentation, excluding the day of pre-
sentation, 8>nd excludingaSunday thatintervened.
Is that a precedent of any authority ? The first
President of the United Status, himself the pres-
ident of the convention that framed the Constitu-
tion of the United States; Mr* Hamilton, then
Secretary of the Treasury, and one of the chief
men in-framing the Constitution; James ]\4&dison,
a very prominent member of the Federal Conven-
tion, who was at that time the leading opponent of
the Bank of the United States in the House of Rep-
resentatives; John Jay, who was the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court; (the latter three were the
authors of the Federalist;) and thus at the earliest
stage at which the Constitution could receive an
interpretation, here is the correspondence show-
ing that this idea was carried into effcct, for Gen-
eral Washington retained that bill the full term of
eleven days, one of them being a Sunday, exclu-
sive of the clay on which it was presented. It is
all idle to talk about the bill calling the late con-
vention ever having passed the Legislature. It
was not a law. There was no authority to pre-
scribe the alleged vote that is to be given upon it
by the people. It is all void—no more respectable
than Topeka itself. I say, then, there is no con-
stitution from Kansas but Lecompton.
But even if this new affair were proper, it is
worse than any of the others. Suppose that even
the bill had passed properly: let me examine it.
It expressly requires that this new constitution,
as they call it, shall not go into effect until it has
been ratified by the people. Those delegates have
not boon elected, as the Lecompton delegates were,
with authority to form a constitution themselves.
They were only elected with authority to propose
one to the people; and the law itself requires that
it shall be submitted to the people, and be voted
on by the people. But, sir, to whom is it sub-
mitted? 1 o the people ? Not at all. It is sub-
mitted to the negroes of the Territory.
I admit that any State of this Union can author-
ize negro suffrage. If the constitution of Kansas
had been once legally formed, and she had become
a State, indubitably her people, by an amendment
of the constitution, or in any other proper form,
might enfranchise the negro, the woman, the
alien, or the idiot. Once admitted, once elevated
to the dignity of sovereignty, they have the right
to define the elective franchise for themselves;
but they cannot make people citizcns of the Uni-
ted States. That was the distinction made in the
Dred Scott case.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Ohio is
altogether mistaken in regard to this matter. The
Leavenworth constitution, in this respect, is ex-
actly like the Lecompton constitution, word for
word, and comma for comma.
Mr. PUGH. Except the whites,
Mr. WILSON. The word "whites'* is not
there. It is a precise and exact copy of the Le-
compton constitution in this respect—nothing
more, nothing less.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator from Massa-
chusetts mean to say that under this new consti-
tution negro suffrage-is not to bo admitted?
Mr. WILSON. I mean to say that so far as
negroes are concerned, the Lecompton and Leav-
enworth constitutions are, word for word, comma
for comma, precisely, exactly alike, Leavenworth
being' a copy of Lecompton.
Mr. PUGH. I will show that the Senator is
not right about that, but I propose to come to that
point after a while. Whatever may be the lan-
guage of one particular clause, the other clauses
of the'Lecompton constitution exclude slaves and
free negroes—excludefree negroesfrom the State;
but this one, as I shall show, makes express pro-
vision for them to become voters; it does not stand
on one clause. I wish, however, to dispose of
the other question first. I say, I admit that a
State once formed and erected into a sovereignty
may enfranchise the negro; but this is a question
of taste for themselves. 1 am no enemy of the
negro. I would not abuse him. I have always
voted for what I thought would benefit him. I
voted to repeal the black laws of my State, and
have always been proud of the vote. I would not
abuse him; but I never intend that he shall be ele-
vated to the rank of citizenship, with my assist-
ance, in the State where I reside; and more than
one hundred thousand majority of the people of
my State are opposed to anything of that sort.
But, sir, the main point is, that when you come
to gather a body of people from the various States
into the Territories, and they come to form a po-
litical community for the first time, the negro finds
no entrance. I said that was decided in the Dred
Scott case; and here it is:
il The words c people of the United States' and £ citizens'
arc synonymous terms, and mean the same thing. They
both describe the political body who, according to our ie-
pubhean institutions, form the sovcieigutj, and who hold
the power and conduct the Government through then rep-
lescntatives. They are what we fauuhaily call the ' sov-
ereign people,' and ever} citizen is one of thi* people, find
a constituent memhei of thi< sovereignty. The question
before us is, wliethci the cla^s of person-* described in the
plea in abatement compose a pomon ot this people, and aie
constituent mcmbois o( this sovereignty ? We think they
ai e not, and that they aie not included, and were not in-
tended to be included, under the word 'citizens' m the
Constitution, and can theieiore claim none of the lights and
privileges which that instrument provides for and secures
to citizen & ot the United States. On thecontiary, they were
at that time considered as a subordinate and interior class
of beings, who had been subjugated by the dominant nicc,
and, whether emancipated or not, yet leniamed subject to
their authonty, and had no lights or privileges but such as
those who held the power and the Government might choose
to grant them.
It is not the province of this court to decidc upon the
justice or injustice, the policy or impolicy, ot these laws.
The decision of tli.it question belonged to the political or
law-making power; to those who formed the soveieignty
and framed the Constitution. The duty of the coun is, to
interpret the instrument they have fiamcd, with the best
lights we can obtain on the subject, and to administer it as
we find it, according to its true intent and meaning when
it was adopted.
" In discussing this question, we must not confound the
rights of citizenship which a State may confer within its
own limits and the rights of citizenship as a member of the
Union. It does not by any means follow, because he has
all the rights and privileges of a citizen of a State, that he
must be a e.itizen of the United States. He may have ail
of the rights and privileges of the citizen of a State, and yet
not be entitled to the rights and privileges of a citizen in any
other State. For, previous to the adoption of the Consti-
tution of the United States, every State had the undoubted
light to confer on whomsoever it pleased the chaiacter of
citizen, and to endow him with all its rights. Bur this char-
acter of course was confined to the boundaries of the State,
and gave him no rights or privileges in other States beyond
those secured to him by the laws of nations and the comity
of States. Nor have the several States sui rendered the
power of conferring these rights and privileges by adopting
the Constitution of the United States. Each State may still
confer them upon an alien, or any one it thinks proper, or
upon any class or description of persons; yet he would not
be a citizcn in the sense m which that word is used in the
Constitution of the United States, nor entitled to sue as such
m one of us couits, nor to the pnvileges and immunities of
a citizen in the other States. The rights winch he would
acquire would be restricted to the State which gave them.
The Constitution has conferred on Congress the right to
establish a unifotm rule of naturalization, and this light is
evidently pxclusive, and has always been held by this couit
to be so. Consequently no State, sincc the adoption of the
Constitution, can by natmalizmg an alien invest Imn with
the rights and privileges secured to a citizen of a State under
the Federal Government, althotigh,soiaras the State alone
was concerned, he would undoubtedly be entitled to the
rights of a citizen, and clothed with all the rights and im-
munities which the constitution and laws of the State at-
tached to that character.
u It is very clear, therefore, that no State can, by any act
or law of its own, parsed sincc the adoption of the Consti-
tution, introduce a*new member into the political commu-
nity created by the Constitution of the United States. It
cannot make him a member of tins community by making
him a member of its own. And for the same reason it can-
not introduce any person, or description of persons, who
were not intended to be emhiaced in this new political fam-
ily, which the Constitution brought into existence, but were
intended to be excluded from it."
The court draws the distinction that the State
may make him a voter, but he cannot be made a
voter otherwise, nor do his rights of citizenship
and voting extend beyond thelimitsof thatState.
The Senator from. Massachusetts wanted to
contradict me in regard to (he Leavenworth con-
stitution. I say the constitution formed at Leav-
enworth is not submitted to the people. It is sub-
mitted to the ordeal of the ballot-box stuffed with
negro votes. It is not even required that they
shall be free negroes; they may be slaves. It
submits the question to the slave whether he will
emancipate himself by his own vote, by adopting
the constitution; and to the free negro the ques-
tion whether he will raise himself to the rank of
citizenship; and all this contrary to the good old
rule that no man shall be allowed to judge in his
own case. Thus the white citizens, the white
men of Kansas, are to have a government made
for them, not through popular sovereignty, but
through negro sovereignty. That is the last thing.
Now, did I tell the truth about this Leaven-
worth constitution? I do not see the Senator
from Massachusetts here any longer. If he were
here, I should like to inquire of him as to the au-
thenticity of this document. I find it in what is
called "The Q,uindaro Chindowan." Who can
tell me whg.t sort of a paper that is?
Mr. WILSON. It is a free-State paper in the
Territory of Kansas.
Mr. PUGH. The editor appears to have been
one of the delegates, and chairman of the commit-
tee that drafted the address of the convention; and
that address is here, but I shall not read it. Let
us sec how this Leavenworth constitution is to be
ratified. The second section of the schedule pro-
vides:
"Sec 9. This constitution shall be submitted to a vote
of the people lot approval or lcjoction, on tho third Tues-
day of AUy, 18,>3 The vote shall be by ballot; and those
m favor ot the constitution shall write or print upon their
ballots the words : k For the constitution and those op-
posed to the constitution, shall write or print upon their
ballots the words: 'Against the constitution.' "
You observe there is no definition of the right
of franchise there. They call everybody " the
people." But, in the first section o£ article sec-
ond, on the elective franchise, they provide:
" Sec. 1. In all elections not otherwise provided for by
the constitution, every male citizen of thf United States, of
the age of twenty-one ycais or upwards, who shall have re-
sided m the State six months next ptecedmg such election,
and ten dav* in the precinct in which he may offer to vote,
and eveiy male person of foieign birth, of the age of tvven-
tv-one year* or upwards, and who shall have resided in the
United States one ycai, in tins State six months,and in the
piecinct m which fic mav offer to vote ten davs next pre-
ceding such election, and who shall have declared his in-
tention to become a citizen of the United States conform-
ably to the laws of the United States, ten days preceding
such election, shall be deemed a qualified elector."
Here are negro suffrage and alien suffrage to-
gether.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me that provis-
ion excludes negro suffrage.
Mr. PUGH. Wherein?
Mr. HARLAN. Under the Dred Scott decis-
ion negroes are decided not to be citizens of the
United States. As I understand this provision
in the Leavenworth constitution, it is that all male
citizens of the United Stales over the age of twenty-
one years may vote. Then, if negroes are not
citizens of the United States they are not enfran-
chised by this provision.
Mr. PUGH. I soy with the Senator they are
not citizcns of the United States; but the question
which I am putting is, whetherit is intended that
they shall vote on the proposed acceptance of this
constitution; and to determine that it is necessary
to inquire whether the convention recognized or
overruled the Dred Scott decision. I say they de-
termined to overrule it. I find under the edito-
rial head of this paper 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg leave to read from
the Lecompton constitution precisely the same
words:
" Every male citizen of the United States above the age
of twenty-one years, having rc>ided in this State one year,
and m the county, city, or town, m which he may offer to
vof!3,tl<r^e monrlis, next piecedmg any election, s-hnll have
the qualifications of an elector, and be entitled to vote at
all elections.
