1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2875
rangement made by Mr. Paulding, in 1839, as Secretary of
the Navy.
Mr. Paulduu* states, that while he was? at the head of tiie
Navy Department the claimant called on linn with reference
to certain improvements he had made m the machinery for
manufacturing cordage; that, perceiving the claimant to be
an intelligent ami enterprising man, he suggested to him
that it might be advantageous to linn to engage in the busi-
ness of water-rotting hemp, and that the claimant stated,
that although he did not believe the occupation to be dan-
geious to those engaged in it, yet, being then engaged in
a profitable business, he was unwilling to relinquish it for
one which he foresaw would be attended with almost in-
surmountable obstacles, and a failure in which would in-
volve bun tn great pecuniary los.s. The Secretary then as-
sured the claimant that the Department would take care that
he should be 1 ecompensed for any loss he might ultimately
sustain in consequence of a failure of the experiment; and
he states that he made this promise solely in the hope of be-
ing in>trumental in conferring a great benefit on his coun-
try, ami under a full conviction that if he remained 111 office
he would redeem his pledge, without uanscending hi? pow-
ers or violating any existing law. lie says further, that the
claimant, being influenced, as he believes, by these assur-
ances, as well as by motives of patriotism, acceded to his
proposition, and a contract was entered into with him tor
two hundred tons of American water-rotted hemp; that
the claimant made no application foi a contract; that the
proposal came fiom the Secretary; that no adveitenements
for pioposal-were issued, nor was any secuuty demanded
for the fulfillment of the contract, as the whole affair was
oon idered as an experiment, made with a view to settle a
question of great national importance. Mr. Paulding says,
also, that his object was to remove the prejudice against the
process of water-rotting, aiwKlemonstrate the practicability
of producing a domestic article equal to the first quality of
Russian hemp.
The claim is based upon the grounds, first, that the hemp
delivered by him at Boston, under the contracts, was im-
properly rejected, whereby the enterprise, which promised
reniuneiation, was converted into the means of its ruin;
and second, upon the ptomise of indemnity against loss made
by the Secieiaiy of the Navy.
Upon both ot these grounds the Court of Claims decided
against the claimant, holding that theie was no legal liabil-
ity which could be enforced m that court against the Gov-
ernment, a  the act of 3d March, 1809, piovides that " all
purchases and contiacts for supplies or services which aie
or may, accoidmg to law, be made by or under the duec-
tion o! en her the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary
of Wat, or the Secietary of the Navy, shall be made either
by open purchase or by previously adveitismg for propo->als
respecting the came."
The comt, however, while deciding against the legal lia-
bility of the Government, thought, from the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the case, that they should lay the facts be-
foieOongrcss, with the remark that " the evidence tends fo
show that an active and enteipiiMng man of business be-
came embarrassed in his circumstances, and was deprived
of the just and fair profits of an honest occupation by his
efforts to promote a matter of national concern," and they
therefore submit " the whole matter to the consideiation of
Congiess for such action as they, under all the cucum-
stances, shall consider just and equitable."
The committee ate of opinion that it is both just and
equitable, under the circumstances of the case, that'the ap-
plicant -should receive compensation.
Tn reference to the contiact for and the delivery of hemp,
Mr. Paulding states in his lettei ot 4th January, 1853 :
"In all the testimonials I have given 111 behalf of your
claim, I was governed by no papei< or representations of
youis. I stated facts and only such facts as were known
to mvself, and many of them notorious to the public, i
stated, m the fnst place, that it had long been the wish of
the Government to procure a supply of American water-
rotted hemp foi the consumption of the Navy, in order that
the country might be independent of foreign nations, es-
pecially in tune of war; but ail efforts had been unsuccess-
ful, principally on the scoie ol its being universally consid-
ered in the West as an unhealthy occupation, tatal to the
slaves who would be principally employed in the business.
u I stated that, in consequence of my solicitations and
encouiagement, you were unwillingly induced to undertake
this mor°t important business, and that, accordingly, a con-
tract was entered into for the supply of several hundred
tons of American water-rotted hemp.
" I stated that, after surmounting great obstacles, you at
length succeeded so far as to deliver a large supply of Amer-
ican water-rotted hemp sit the Boston navy yard, which,
being tested with the best Russia, proved considerably
stionger, but was rejected by the inspectors on the fnvolous
pretext that it was not quite so clcan ; and I now state, that
the late Commodore Nicholson, who afterwards com-
manded at l o<ton, has since asstued me. that corrupt means
were used to induce the inspectors to come to that decision.
" I further stated, what was already sufficiently notori-
ous, that in consequenceof your success m the pioduction
of water rotted hemp, and the proof thus afforded that it
was not an urihea'thy occupation, otheis had entcied upon
it, insomuch that the naval and commetcial marine of the
United States are m a great measure supplied with Ameri-
can water rotted hemp, and no longer dependent on foreign
nations for an article so indispensable.
a All this I stated fiom mv own knowledge, and not from
your papers and repiesentations; and, consequently, thus
far, there was no deception on your part.
" With regard to your pecuniary cncumstances at that
time, ! said nothing, because 1 knew nothing, and did not
trunk it had the slightest connection with the justice of your
claim. I had a great national purpose m view, and found
in you a man leadv to undeitake us accomplishment. If
you succeeded, the countiv would be greatly benefited ; if
\oil tailed, it would be just where it was befoie. IS10 ad-
vance-? of money wen- acquired, and 110 injury to the public
interest could occur from your failure, as the Depaitment
had then on hand a supply ol Russian hemp for two years,
h'l recollect aught; at any rate, for a very considerable pe-
ri™iTher'e Was no ffc'ceptitoi lfertf, Wltethw sfclvcnt or not
solvent at the time you entered on the contract is of no
consequence to me or the countiy, provided you succceded
in your undertaking ; and with unfeigned respect to Con-
gress, I do not peiceive how the decision of this question
can affect the justice of your claim in the slightest degree ;
that is a private affair between you and your ereditois.
" The facts! have stated, and which are notoriously trwe,
sufficiently prove that you were the principal instrument in
conferring" a great benefit on your country; whether rich or
poor when you began is of little consequence to any one but
yourself. It is sufficient to know that you are now poor,
and that this poverty is clearly owing to the improper re-
jection of your hemp at Boston, which effectually arrested
all future efforts, and was sufficient to ruin your affairs.
Nothing is more common than for men to commence busi-
ness, of enter on great urtdei takings, on borrowed capital,
and to take the risk of success or failure Nor, however 1
may disapprove of such a,course,do I think justice should be
denied them, because, perhaps,the loss may fall on others.
If any other person or persons have a legal claim in any
portion of the anticipated bounty of Congress, u seems to
me it should be decided by a court of adjudicatuie, not by
Congress.
" I do not know whether you lost any money by your
contract, or whetheryou had any to lose; but this I know,
that vou spent years of your life, and encountered a series
of labors, obstacles, and discouragements, m prosecuting
your undertaking, which deserve some remuneration, and
that foi the last seven or eight years you have been con-
demned to a puigatory of cares, anxieties, losses, and dis-
appointments, which I would not have endured for ten
times the sum you may icceive from the justice or the
bounty of Congress."
The damage claimed by Myerle for the rejection of lus
hemp, as shown by the statement in the report from the
couit, page 44, is $65,000, being the difference between
$150,000, the contract price for five hundred tons, and the
cost delivered at Boston of $8f>,000.
There is a good deal of othei evidence in the record as to
whether the hemp was or was not properly rejected; but in
the view taken ol the case by the court, in which the com-
mittee concurs, it is not necessary to go into the details,
and it is only here referred to as one of the items which en-
tei into consideiauon in the judgment to which the com-
mittee havc^ari lved.
It is shown also by the evidence that the reaction of this
hemp not only depnved the claimant of the profit which
had been anticipated by the contract, but produced over-
whelming embarrassment in his pecuniary afiairs At the \
time he undertook this experiment, he appeals to have been
a man of means, extensively and prosperously engaged in
the rope business. Ilia devotion and zeal in the prosecu-
tion of the husiness of water-rotting hemp, under the en-
gagement with the Secietary of the Navy, together with the
rejection of his ijemp, reduced bun to poverty.
In a letter from Secretary Badget, dated Navy Depart-
ment, May 10, 1841, addicted to Mr. Myerle, he says:
" The patriotic spirit which prompted you to the great un-
dertaking in which you ate now employed, and the perse- (
veianee with which you have prosecuted it, deseive and
have the commendation of the Department."
The committee find that this cxpemnent was not only .
proset uted with gieat zeal and per-^cveianco. but that it
was also conducted to a successful result, promotive of
great advantage to the best interests of the country.
On this point tlieie is abundance of proof; but it is not
deemed essential to do more than to extract the follow-
ing : *
Willis Stuart, of Louisville, Kentucky, says, in his letter
dafed November 10, 1845: " I hope that Congress will yet
do you justice, as you have cei tamly lost the last six or
seven years in endeavoring to confer a great benefit on your ;
country, and in which you have cei tamly succeeded. It is j
said thai republics aie ungrateful, and they doubtless are ^o
in many instances; yet a distinguished statesman of our
day lias said: 'Truth was omnipotent and public justice
certain and I hope that vou will yet be amply rewarded
for all your toils and sacrifices."
In the letter of Mr. Buchanan, dated Wheatland, Sep-
tember 2, I80O, he says: " When you undcitook the task
of instructing the hemp-grower oft he West the ait of water-
rotting hemp 111 such a manner as to render u a healthy
employment, and had entcied into a contiact with the Sec-
retary of the Navy to furnish the Depaitmont with a quan-
tity of the article, I felt a hveiv interest m your success.
This induced me to watch your progress with much solici-
tude. 1 had many conversations with you on the subject.
The result of your laboi ? has been a^-rcat benefit to the 1 nun-
fry. We now have an ample supply of an article necessary \
for se'f-defense, whilst its cultivation has been, and will 1
'continue L« be, a source of piofit to many of our agucul- ;
turists."
Again, in a letter fiom the same gentleman, dated Lon- !
don, December 14, Ifioo, he wntes. " I am truly Mjriy my '
recollection docs not serve me in this particular, because i
espoused your cause from, a sincere conviction that it was \
JUbt " ;
In the report of Secretary Mason, dated December 4, j
1848, it is stated : u The supply of hemp on hand, and de- j
hverable under contracts already existing, lender it un- ■
necessary to advertise for any additional quantity for the j
present year That ^American hemp can be prepared in quaU 1
ity equal to any in the world, has been established by experi- :
ments underthc mo^ri^id fesfi." !
These extracts, together with the statement of Mr. Pauld
ing, heretofore quoted, are sufficient to show that the coun
try has earned gieat advantage from the services of Mr. j
Myerle, and, as these were performed under an agi cement, ■
made bona fide with the Secretary ut the Navv, it is but just, ■
in the opinion of the committee, that some compensation
should be made therefot, though it may be admitted that the ;
law did not authorize The Secietai y to bind the Government I
bv such an agreement. j
"The committee has traced the history of this claim m the i
two Houses of Congiessbince Us hist presentation, and find ,
that, (toning the Twenty Ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-Second, ;
and Thiity-Timd Congiesse<, six tunes have hills been le- j
poited 111 favor of the applicant m the Senate, and, during ,
the sftnre pentrd. seven times in the Housfe tff ftepre&cnta- >
tives. That, in the Thirtieth and Thirty-Third -Congresses,
the bills passed the Senate; and that, in thy Twenty-Ninth,
Thirtieth, and Thirty Second Congresses, the billa passed
the House three several tunes.
The committee has looked to these bills as some evidence
of the opinion of Congress as to tiie amount which should
be allowed the claimant. The sum stated in the bills which
passed the Senate in the Thirty-Third Congress, and the
House the second session of the Thirty-Second Congress,
is $30,000, with interest from 1st January. 1850. The com-
mittee does not regard this as equivalent to the damages
claimed by Myerle; but, as those damages do not arise un-
der any binding contract with the Government, they adopt
the amount which those bills would give, as the nearest
approximation to an equitable allowance, as the evidence
of the case would seem to authorize.
The committee report a bill, and recommend its pas-
sage.
Mr. SLIDELL. T called for the reading of the
report, because I wished to refresh my memory
as to the facts of the case. This bill gives Mr.
Myerle $44,000. On a former occasion the case
was before the Naval Committee of the Senate,
and I then had occasion to examine it, and the im-
pression left on my mind was that he had really
no claim on the Government. The result was,
however, to a certain extent, a compromise of
opinion on the subject, and a bill was then re-
ported for the relief of Mr. Myerle for $10,000.
That bill was urged with great Vehemence by the
friends of Mr. Myerle in the Senate, and met with
equally stern opposition; but it passed in that
form, with considerable difficulty. It is now
brought before us for $44,000. It is very evident
that there is no possibility of passing the bill
through Congress in the shape which it now pre-
sents. I do not know that I should urge any se-
rious objection to it if it were in the form of the
former bill giving to Mr. Myerle a compensation
of $10,000, not because he has any legal claim on
the Government, but in consideration of what are
said to be valuable services rendered by him to
the country. I move to reduce the amount to
$10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not make a speech.
I am satisfied that the amount named in the bill is
not too much. It is not,in reality, anythinglike
what Mr. Myerle ought to receive. If the Sena-
tor from Louisiana will refer to the Journal he will
find that it conforms to what I said. The bill
came from the House giving him £30,000, and the
Senate rcduced it to $10,000, and the House re-
fused to pass it in that shape, being satisfied that
it did no sort of justice. 1 hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator is mistaken.
That bill originated in the Senate. I now find
thai it was reported by the Naval Committee for
$30,000, and reduced here to $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I made that
report from the Naval Committee. The bill passed
the Senate at that session, but did not pass the
other House.
Mr. CLAY. I am not prepared to discuss this
question at this time, although it was once, I
think, before the Committee on Claims, when I
was a member of that committee, nearly four
years ago. 1 have an indistinct recollection, how-
ever, of having read the report, and having read
all the testimony adduced m support of the claim,
and I am very positive that my conclusion upon
the whole testimony was that the claim was at
least of very doubtful merits. Certainly there is
no legal claim—that is conccded—and I think the
equity is very weak. AI understand it, this
whole chum is predicated upon the fact that Mr.
Myerle made great sacrifices for the sake of the
Government. That is its foundation. If that as-
sertion was disproved, I do not think there would
be any equity whatever on which to stand. I
think that if an investigation were made, it would
be found that that assertion is unsustained by the
facts. I believe that the Government has already
advanced to him a full equivalent for all the ex-
penditures he has made, and, indeed, more than
that; and that so far from being ruined by this
enterprise, he was ruined before^ he began it. I
am quite sure it can be proved, that when he en-
tered upon this undertaking on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, he was then a bankrupt; that so far from
being worth the large sum of money s<4 forth in
the little paper which I find on my desk, he was,
at that time, a bankrupt, and that fact can be es-
tablished by the first testimony offered in a court
of justice, and that is by executions against him
returned " nulla bdnct.}> If this b'e true, and I
