1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"1-851
Mr. PUGH. Where does the Senator find
that ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the Lecompton consti-
tution.
Mr. PUGH. What article and section?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In section one of article
eight, the title of which is, " elections and rights
of suffrage."
Mr. PUGH. That is the definition of suffrage
after the State shall be in the Union.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You read from the same
provision in the Leavenworth constitution.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; the schedule in the Le-
compton constitution defines the qualification of
a voter at the election for the adoption or rejec-
tion of the constitution. This does not; this re-
fers to the other article. But that, as I said, is
properenough in the Lecompton constitution, be-
cause that excludes free negroes from the State.
But, sir, I ask the question, in what form was
this Leavenworth constitution adopted ? I ask,
did they mean, in point of fact, to have negro suf-
frage at the pretended election for or against the
constitution? *My allegation is, that, instead of
relying upon the people, they, knowing them-
selves to be a repudiated and factious minority;
knowing that the great body of the free-State peo-
ple of Kansas abhorred them just as much as the
pro-slavery men did, fixed up this scheme by
which they intended to deceive Congress by stuff-
ing the ballot-box with negro votes. Did tlicy
mean negro suffrage by the words of the section
I have read? I said that the editor the paper
from which I read this constitution was not only
one of the delegates, but chairman of the commit-
tee that drafted the address. I find in his paper
this article, headed " Last Days of the Conven-
tion:"
"The constitutional convention closed its labors at si\
o'clock, p. m., Saunday, Apt il 3d. Fnciay and Saturday
wore buw clays, although the main part ol' the wot k ji.ui
been previously performed. TJic morning set^ion of Fu-
day was spent in discussing the amendment to the aiticle
on elective franchise, offered by Dr. Davis. Tho matter
was disposed of by the following, intioduced by Mi.Tlkieliei,
being adopted:
u Whereas, the law calling this convention picscnbes the
qualification of voters at the fust oleciion : Therefoir, he if
u Resolved, Thai the committee on schedule be m-stiucfd
to repoit a clau-e in^tiueting the m>t General .Assembly to
submit the que&tion of negio suffiage to the people at the
second general election foi member of the General Assem-
bly: Provided, that, at the said election, the (jimhfic.ihon
of voters bhall be the same d  upon the vote of the consti-
tution.
" The vote on tin*? stood—yeas oO, nay? 28."
Now, you will observe that, at the same time
that they take a vote upon the constitution with
this ballot-box stuffing;, they vote for the offi-
cers and the Legislature. If wc were to grant all
that has been alleged against the territon li pro-
ceedings in Kansas, I do not know the diflVirnce
in principle between this proposition and allow-
ing people to go over from Missouri in a body to
impose a constitution, and impose State officers
upon Kansas. I confess, for one, as a matter of
personal taste,! would rather have a constitution
imposed on me, and officers elected by my white
brethren, than by a parcel of negroes, as tins pro-
poses to do; and, accordingly, the last section of
this schedule provides:
" Sec. 12. The first General Assembly =hall provide by law
for the submission of the question of uinvcioal suffrage""—
that is what they call it—
"to a vote of the people at the first geneial clcetiou of
the members of the Geneinl Assembly: Piovtdcd, That the
qualifications of voteis at that election shall he the same as
at the vote on the submission of the constitution."
Sir,it is all a sham; they have not even obeyed
their own pretended convention act; they have
not remitted this constitution to the people; and
after all that has been alleged in private, after all
th'at has been alleged in public, against the stuff-
ing of ballot-boxes by Missouri votes, under the
Lecompton constitution, it does not begin to ap-
proach this deliberate attempt to palm a constitu-
tion on the people of Kansas by the aid of negro
suffrage.
Therefore, we are brought, as I say again, to
the proposition that, although we remit the ques-
tion of the admission of Kansas to the people of
Kansas, as she has no other constitution than Le-
compton, her admission, per/ore?, recognizes that
as her organic law. We are not responsible for
this juxtaposition and intimate onncction be-
tween the questions. We. as I have said, cannot
remit the constitution to the people, but we do
submit the question of admission by this bill, ay
we have a right to submit it. That does involve
in the mind of every voter, and in a manner
wholly unobjectionable, so far as we are con-
cerned, the question whether he is or is not sat-
isfied with the organic act of the new State.
But the honorable Senator from Vermont, and
my colleague, complained that there would be
fraud practiced upon this allegation: they said
there would be false returns, there would be false
votes, and there would be a return made that the
people voted in favor of admission.
Mr. COLLnkMER. I hope the Senator will do
me the justice to say that I spoke entirely from
history. Having been done before, and encour-
aged, have we not a right to suppose that it may
be done again ?
Mr. PUGH. Let us take the Senator where he
stands. We have the best excuse for all that, so
far as this bill is concerned, in the history of past
elections in Kansas. Did not the Senator from
Vermont think that some more stringent provision
was necessary, in order to prevent false votes and
false returns? Where did his wisdom culminate?
It culminated in the fourth section of the House
amendment, and that section we have copied into
this bill. We have adopted his own remedy.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said on that occasion that
our security was found in the appointment of the
board who were to conduct the election, being
composed of an equal number of officers chosen
by the people and by the President.
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to the board directly.
I say the Senator's wisdom and the wisdom of
those who voted for the House amendment, is !
expressed it) its fourth section. That section is
in these words:
" Fee. 4. *1)id he it fm thcr enurlal, That in the elections
heiebv nuthon/.ed, all white male inhabitants of --aid Tei-
iitoiv ovet tile age of twenrv-one years, who are legal voteis
under the l;nvsol (he Temtoiy ot Kansas, and noiicothei-«,
thai! be allowed to vote ; and thin .-hall be the only qualifi-
cation lequned to entitle the voter to the nirht of -uffinge
in said elections. And if any person not so qualified shall
vote oi offer to vote, or if any poison shall vote more than
onee at eitiiei of -..ml election*, oi shall make or cuum) io he
mnde any false, fictitious, or fiaudulent ieiiun<, or hhall alter
orchamzeativ retuinsol either ofsaul elections, such person
shall, upon conviction thcieof bcibie any com l of competent
jurisdiction. be Kept at liatrt labor not leas than six months,
and not mote than tlnee yeais."
• We have copied that section literally into this
bill. We have taken their own safeguard in their
own words to define and to punish illegal voting
and fal?e returns.
Mr. COLLAMER. Did I not plate that our
great security was founded on the construction
: of the bocird ?
Afr. PUGH. Yes, sir, I understand that. I
have become very much acquainted of late years
with the tactics of the pnrty to which the honor-
able Senator Lie longs. Whenever t hey are boat en
at any election, they are sure it was done by fraud.
They think then* luck is perfectly inexorable, and
account for every defeat bv some allegation of
fraud. Now, let us see about the board. What
is the difference between this bo^rd and the other
one—heiween the boaid constituted by this bill
and the boatd constituted by the Mouse bill, for
which the gentleman voted' By the Hou^o bill
the Governor and Secretary of the Territory, and
the President of the Council, and the Sneaker of
the House of Representatives of the Territorial
Legislature, were constituted the board. This bill
provides for the same officers, with the addition
of l he district attorney. How does that make any
difference? They must have relied on the Gov-
ernor and Secretary before, because they could not
have a majority of the board unless they relied
un them. "The utmost they could have claimed
was an eouai division of the board, and then noth-
ing would be decided. They must have relied on
the Governor and Secretary before, and they still
have the Governor and Secretary; but they have,
in addition, the district attorney—an officer con-
firmed by our votes, and whose successor must
needs be confirmed by our votes. _It is too late
to pretend that, merely because he is nominated
by the President and confirmed by the Senate, he
cannot be trusted. You have already agreed to
trust two officers nominated by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, to wit: the Governor and
Secretary, so that this is a mere pretext for the
occasion". Why is the district attorney introduced?
asks my colleague. Simply to enable a majority
to be one waj' or another. If there is division of
opinion, the board is powerless. This was an error
in the House bill. In a board so constituted you
could never arrive atany decision. To decide any-
thing you must have provision for a majority.
But my colleague says that the Governor and
Secretary are appointed by the President,whereas
the President of the Council and the Speaker of the
House represent the people. Indeed ! Do they
represent the people? They can be trusted, be-
cause they represent the people 1 How much do
they represent the people? Each of them is
chosen Councilor or Representative, as the case
may be, by the people of his county—nothing
more; and hisassociates in the Council or House,
as the case may be, choose him to the chair; and
my colleague thinks that a man who derives his
title in that way can be trusted; that a man who
has been elected by the people to represent a dis-
trict of country, and then by the body to which
he is chosen has been elevated to the chair, rep-
resents the people, and can be trusted to receive
and countthe votes and declare the result. Why,
sir, that is the case of John Calhoun. He was
elected almost unanimously a delegate to the Le-
compton convention from the county of Douglas;
he was created president of the convention by a
large majority of that body; and yet, from the
first day of the session to this hour, this Chamber
has rung with denunciations against reposing in
him the power to receive the returns and declare
the results of elections; and now we are at last
told that the great safeguard of the House bill
was in two more John Calhouns. Was ever any-
thing more preposterous?
Well, sir, the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] made a suggestion yesterday which
has been repeated to-day in a diluted form by the
Senator from Michigan. He says if Kansas has
a population sufficient to be admitted as a 5-lave-
holding State now, she has a population sufficient
to be admitted as a non-slaveholdmg State. Un-
doubtedly; nobody denies that; but the difficulty
is that she has only applied for admission as a
slaveholdmg State; she has not npplied as a non-
slaveholding State; and these Senators have af-
firmed it, eveiy man of them, for they have agreed
to remit that slaveholding constitution, by the
House bill, to a vote of the people, and agreed to
stand by it as a slaveholding State just as much
as this provision does.
So, sir, they have effectually answered them-
selves at every stage, in regard to every complaint,
every pretense set up against this measure of
peace, this measure which, while it presencs the
constitutional limits of the Federal Govei nment
from inwiding the reserved rights of the States,"
does, in an unobjectionable manner, by submitting
the question of admission to the people, enable,
them, if they do not like the Lecompton consti-
tution, to overturn it—as against this measure,
which, whilst it respects principle on all sides,
accomplishes the gieat points which all dosha;
eveiy pictcxt set up by the Senators is answered
by their own vote for the House bill.
But it is asked if the people of Kansas vote in
the negative, why not offer them the alternative
of another constitution? Well, sir, she lias no
other, and until she has another you cannot ad-
mit her. What is it that you submit now ? What
is the question submitted ? As I stated, under this
bill the question put to the people of Kansas is,
" will you come into the Union now ?" If they
say yea, well; if they say nay, one answer is as
good as fifty. Why turn i ound and put it to them
again ? If they say they will not come in now,
and they have no other constitution, perforce they
must make another before they can even hnve a
question of their admission, or can petition for it.
But the Senator from Michigan, and the rest of
these Senators, say if the people of Kansas do not
accept this proposition, if they do not v< te to come
into the Union now, they are to he kept out an
indefinite time. Well, sir, how long? Theyarc
to be kept out until they have a population suffi-
cient, according to the ratio, for a Representative
m Congress. The Senator from Michigan says
they have not it now. I believe the Senator from
New Hampshire said so yesterday;and all these
Senators are now lismghere to proclaim that the
great iniquity of this proposition consists in tho
fact that they know Kansashas notsufHcient pop-
ulation for a Representative. I suspect that is the
truth; and I think we madea great mistake in that
regard when we so far yielded to their clamor
as to pass the Toombs bill. Having, however,
