766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
callcd upon to state the position of the questions
before the Senate, particularly m reference to the
relative position of the two propositions: the one
pending, and the one proposed to be offered by
the Senator from Virginia, in •'consequence of a
suggestionfromthe honorable Senatorfrom North
Carolina, indicating his impression that it would
not be possible to reach a vote on the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia unless the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Tennessee were first
voted down. The position of the question is this:
the pending question before the Senate is on the
bill offered as a substitute for the original bill of
the committee by the Senator from Tennessee,
and accepted by the Senator from Massachusetts
in lieu of the one that he himselfhad proposed; that
is open to modification before the vote on substi-
tution shall be taken. It is competent, therefore,
for the Senator from Virginia to move his bill as an
amendment, or a substitute, which is in the form
ef an amendment, for the bill pending presented
by the Senator from Tennessee. It is a motion
to strike out and insert, so that the sense of the
Senate can be taken between the proposition pend-
ing and that proposed to be offered by the Senator
from Virginia, before the vote on the substitution
in place of the original bill shall be taken.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Virginia
not having been present when the remarks of the
Chair were made, I will take occasion to say, that
on consultation with him he came to the conclu-
sion to permit the vote to be first taken on the
substitute of the Senator from Massachusetts be-
fore he offered his; and then, if that be voted
down, he will present his proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I regret, Mr.
President, to find myself situated as I am, to be-
compelled to make a reply to the Senator from
Georgia, in consequence, as I think, of some un-
kind allusions that have been made to my State.
But before 1 approach that portion of the subject—
and I shall look at some one or two, or perhaps
more, of the positions assumed by the Senator
from Georgia—it occurs to me, that perhaps I had
better answer a single point to which the Senator
from North Carolina has called my attention. He,
in the conclusion of his remarks, stated that I had,
inutile debut I had made in the Senate yesterday,
laid down as a text, or callcd the attention of the
country to the great fact enunciated by Edmund
Burke, one of England's greatest statesmen, that
" the revenue of the State is the State." I now
promise and assure that Senator that I intend to
act on that principle; and when the measure comes
up, to which he has alluded, I pledge myself now,
in advance, if there is truth in figures or sound ar-
gument, that I will demonstrate that the measure
to which he alludes, instead of being a waste of
the public revenue, is a revenue measure, and
will increase the revenues ofthecountry instead of
diminishing them. I will demonstrate to him,
also, that it is not my intention gratuitously to
give away the public lands. I do not believe that
the Government has the power to make gratuities
in the general acceptation of the term; but I will
show, when the time comes, that the man who
takes one hundred and sixty acres of land under
the homestead bill, and goes to a frontier country
to cultivate it, pays the highest consideration in
reclaiming the land and reducing it to cultivation.
I will demonstrate still further, that if we grant
one hundred and sixty acres of land to a man on
condition that he occupy and cultivate it for a
period of years, in the process of time it will yield
twenty times the revenue to the Federal Govern-
ment that it will while you permit a man to enter
it and let it he without cultivation for a series of
years, or while you permit it to remain unculti-
vated without being entered at all. I will redeem
every intimation of principle or position that is
given out m what I stated yesterday in reference
to the revenue of a State being the State. But I
will let that pass.
The Senator from Georgia, it seems to me, has
manifested more feeling than he has displayed
sound argument and judgment on this occasion.
1 remarked yesterday, and I repeat now, that it is
natural for a parent who has a deformed offspring
to feel concerned for its fate; and his sensibilities
are easily touched when there is an unkind re-
mark made about the deformity. I did not intend
that any allusions I made to the bill reported by
the Military Committee should have this effect.
My reference was to it as a measure. I
The gentleman congratulates me upon indicat-
ing some distinguished ability in the assault I
have made upon the bill reported by the Military
Committee, and then he qualifies and corrects that
by saying, no, it was not upon that bill. He says
: the argument I have made was' against the bill
| which they reported, and not against the meas-
j ure before the Senate. What is the illustration
he gives of the great ability I manifested ? It was
that I had manufactured a man of straw, and then,
to show my extraordinary gladiatorial powers,
physical or intellectual, had crushed the man I
had created. To what man of straw is it that
the gentleman alludes? The bill reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs? If I have de-
molished a man of straw, it is a man of your man-
ufacture, not mine. If I have not shown any
very great ability in the assault I have made on
this man of straw, I have shown all that I could
show in a contest with such an adversary as I
had to contefid with. It was at least sufficient for
the occasion. I think I have nailed this man of
straw, torn him to pieces, and exposed him to the
country and the Senate. So much for the gentle-
man 's man of straw.
But the Senator seems to pride himself on some
calculations he has made, and he speaks sneer-
ingly and disdainfully of volunteer forces. He
says they are not the proper force to use for the
service required by the Government. He reads
from documents furnished by the War Depart-
ment to prove that volunteer foices cost more than
regulars. I imagine that if the gentleman will
analyze that report, (and sometimes it is best for
us to analyze documents that we use, and go into
their details before we use the aggregate figures,)
he will find that it embraces the additional ex-
pense incurred by calling out the militia for short
periods, and then dismissing them. I imagine the
great item of increase has been brought about by
calling out the mihtia for very short periods of
time.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is mistaken
there. The repoit is in relation to volunteers.
That term is used, not militia. I do not know an
instance named in the report from the War De-
partment to which I alluded, in which the militia
have been called out; volunteers have been.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. General Wash-
ington called them out. They were called out on
various occasions. They were called out in the
last war, I think.
Mr. IVERSON. No.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thought
there were a great many militia in the last war.
Mr. IVERSON. I spoke of the last twenty-
two years—from 1835 to the present time. That
is the period the report, embraces. I did not go
back beyond that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But while they
can make estimates and calculations at the War
Department, we can lay down data here that will
enable us to reach something like a correct con-
clusion, or a conclusion that will promise accu-
racy, as well as they can at the Wai Depaitment.
I propose now to put a question to every Senator
here, and to the distinguished gentleman who re-
ported this bill. If two thousand volunteers be
called out for two years, to receive the same pay,
the same clothing, and to be disbanded at pre-
cisely the same time as two thousand regulars, I
ask, in the name of common sense, I ask in the
name of all mathematical calculations, how it can
be demonstrated that they will cost more than two
thousand regulars?
' Mr. IVEIISON. I will ask the Senator a ques-
tion. The bill before the Senate proposes to en-
list the soldiers for two years. He wants to know
how much moie expensive it will be to bring vol-
unteers into the service for two years? There
might not be a very great disparity between the
mere pay of the two forces for that time, but his
substitute does not provide for keeping the vol-
unteers in service two years. They are to be ac-
cepted for twelve months. Then, if you wish to
run out the comparison, the first portion must be
discharged at the end of twelve months, and a
new set put in for the next twelve months. How
much will that cost? We can all calculate how
much the new- outfit would cost.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator's
explanation shows that he has not made himself
familiar with the provisions of my substitute. It
provides expressly that the volunteers shall be re-
ceived into the service of the United States during
the pending difficulties of the Mormons, and in
no event shall they be continued m service longer
than two years.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 will read the amendment of
the Senator, if he will allow me:
To serve for twelve months, unless they be sooner dis-
charged, after they bhall have aruved at the place of sen-
dezvous, or been mustered mto the seiviee ot the United -
States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What hill is
that ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yours.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I reckon not.
Mr. IVERSON. Here it is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Read it.
Mr. IVERSON. " Substitute to be proposed
by Mr. Wilson;" and that is the same thing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ah ! that is
another matter. So the Senate will discover that
the Senator from Georgia has made a speech '
without a subject. He has missed the subject
entirely. He shows that his argument was made
upon another amendment. ]f a certain number
of volunteers, say two thousand, be called out to
serve during the pending difficulties in Utah, and
in no event to serve longer than two years, can.
they cost more than two thousand regulars called
out for two years specifically ? In no event can
they cost more, but they may cost less. It strikes
me that that is just as clear as that two and two
make four. What, then, becomes of the Senator's
argument? what becomes of all the feeling he man-
ifested > The feeling manifested was as unneces-
sary as the argument was absurd.
But the Senator, in another portion of his speech,
said there were only two kinds of troops known
to this Government—militia and regulars. I wish
to refresh the Senator's recollection on that point.
No longer ago than 1846, we passed a law pro-
viding that, " for the purpose of enabling the Gov-
ernment of the United States to prosecute said war
to a speedy and successful termination, the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ
the militia and naval and military forces of the
United States, and to call for and accept the services
of any number of volunteers, not exceeding fifty
thousand." It seems to me that that looks as if
we had had volunteer service. I do not know any-
' thing about the technicalities of military affairs,
for 1 know but little about military matters; and
I am free to say that if I belonged to any party as
ageneral thing, I should belong to the peace party.
As Lucius exclaimed when consulted, in the play
of Cato, I must confess that about this time "my
thoughts are turned on peace." I am not quite
so belligerent in my nature as some other gentle-
men. My thoughts are turned upon the arts of
peace. 1 want the energies, the talents, the phys-
ical power of this country directed to developing
the resources of the nation. J want the power of
the Governmentemployed m adding to its wealth,
instead of being wasted in armies, wlieLlierinthe
shape of volunteers or regulars.
After having met these positions of the gen-
tleman, let me refer to the President's message,
i | Certainly if the President had any distinct descrip-
;i tion of troops in his mind when he penned hia
j1 message, we shall answer the purpose by placing
11 volunteers at his discretion, to be used by him in
11 suppressing the rebellion that is existing, or that
;j is anticipated in Utah. It mostelearly meets his
i idea. Why, then, this great resistance to volun-
j teer service? Why these sneers at volunteers?
| If I had time to gather up the many gallant mci-
| dents of the brave volunteers of the many wars
i, we have had, and to present them in regular train
I before the gentleman, I think he would be almost
horror-stricken with regret at what he said to-
; day in reference to the volunteer service of the
| country. In the war of 1812, where is there a
j battle-field in which volunteer ability was not
; displayed, and volunteer blood shed ? Go from
| Maine to Louisiana, go from the Atlantic coast
J to the golden shores of California, where is there
a battle-field on which volunteer blood has not
; been poured out as an evidence of their high ap-
] preciation of their country? Are these men, who.
1 have rallied to your country's standaid in all her
1 perilous conflicts, and upon whose efforts victory
: has uniformly perched, to be regarded as occupy-
ing an inferior position to the regular soldiery,
; composed out of this lower, "cheaper material,"
of which you want your Army composed ?
