£898
THE €ON©SESSIONAh -GLOBE.
J une 10,
■have an indistinct recollection of such facts, it
appears to me that we should be doing great
wrong to the Government in voting him this gra-
tuity; and hence I think that, at best, $10,000 is
ample remuneration for what he has done in this
enterprise. I trust the amount will be reduced to
' |.10,000; and, if the question is not disposed of
to-day, I shall feel myself committed to investi-
gate the case, and see if I cannot produce to the
Senate to-morrow some proof to sustain the as-
sertion which 1 make, that he was bankrupt at
the time he entered upon this enterprise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the vote. I be-
lieve the subject is perfectly well understood by
the Senate. I do not think that whether he was
poor or rich at the time makes any real differ-
ence as to the merits of the claim.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third.time; and on
the question " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not rise for the purpose
of opposing this bill, but when it was formerly
before the Senate 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that if he makes a speech, the time
within which we can act upon the bill will pass
by.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall conclude what I have
to say before the hour arrives for the special or-
der; but I have a duty to myself, because I am to
vote on the yeas and nays. I do not mean to
enter into any discussion; but when the bill was
formeily before the Senate I opposed it, because I
thought there was no good claim against the Gov-
ernment. It had been many times canvassed here;
and from reading ail the papers, and from the con-
versations of the late Colonel Benton, who pro-
fessed to have an intimate knowledge of the mat-
ter, I came to the conclusion that there was no
ground for legal or equitable relief in this case.
But the particular ground on which I opposed the
bill was that the etioct of recognizing the claim is
to say that because one of your executive officers
chooses to make a contract with,out the semblance
of authority, Congress are to be involved in an
expense arising out of it, so that you sanction it
in the future as well as in this case. 1 do not care
about the passage of this particular bill, but" i
cannot, with my convictions, vote font. I do not
desire to consume time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays.20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Btown, Came-
ron, Chandler, Clutk, Cullamcj , Diaou, Doohttle, Douglas,
Dmkee, F<-«senden, Fit^li, Foot, Fo-ier, Green, Gwm,
Hale, Harlan, [Ion-ton, I version. Johnson of Arkansas,
Jones, Kenned}, Mallory, Folk, Itiee, Sebastian, Heward,
Simmons", Tlionip-on oi K<muc ky, Thomson ot' New Jer-
sey, Timnbnli. Wade, Wii&on, and Ynlee—137.
NAYS—Mos-r-!. Bayard. fhijjht, Bioderick, Clay, Cling-
nun, Duvh, Fir/.patnek, Hamlin, liayne, Hunter, Johnson
ot' Tennusioe, King, ?,Ia&on, i'earee, Pugh, Reid, Slideli,
Toombs, and YYnght—20.
So the bill was passed.
WILLIAM S. BRADFORD.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up the bill which I desired to
have considered last night, but to which objec-
tion was then made by the Senator from Geor- 1
gift-
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will agree that
he will not press it if there be the least debate, I
shall not object to his motion.
Mr. CHANDLER, if the bill leadsto a single
word of debate, I shall not press it at this time.
The motion was agreed to: and the bill (H. R.
No. 610) for the relief of William S. Bradford
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to increase his pension to twenty-five
dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour for the
consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it is now before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to supersede the spe-
cial order by calling up the question of privilege
that is pending before this body, and I hope there [[
will be no objection on the part of any Senatorto
considering* it. is the report of the Committee
on the Judiciary in reference to my right to a seat
in this body. I have waited very patiently, hop-
ing that an hour would arrive when the Senate
would consider that question. My friend from
Virginia has insisted, from Monday morning
until the present time, that I should not interfere
with his appropriation bills, and I have yielded
from morning to morning, until now, when I feel
constrained to ask the Senate to take up and dis-
pose of the case.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from Indiana has
forborne, at my request, to press the case, and I
told him that on to-day, if he insisted on its con-
sideration, I would not resist it. Still I suggest to
him that if it would do as well, we can make it
the special order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
and get through with the appropriation bills to-
day, so as to let the President have time to ex-
amine them.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senate will make this case
the order of the day for to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, I have no objection; but I have deferred
calling it up for thiee ur four days, and I find that
other and trivial questions came in to displace it.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit a motion that we
make it the special order for to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 will consent to that. I will
not interfere with the business to-day, if this mat-
ter can be disposed of to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I am not willing to make a
special order of anything at this late stage of the
session.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator that
it is a question of privilege, and the whole effect of
making it a special order is, to give notice that it
wiil be called up to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The Senator cannot prevent it being called up.
Mr. SEWARD. If it is a question of privi-
lege 
Mr. HUNTER. The only advantage of mak-
ing it a special order is, to give notice that it will
ceitainly bo called up.
Mr SEWARD. I have been waiting all day
to endeavorto take up a matterof importance 
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from New York whether he is opposed
to the consideration of this subject during the ses-
sion ?
Mr. SEWARD. No', sir; I am not.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I hope he will not object
to making it the special order for twelve o'clock
to-morrow. If so, I shall insist on its considera-
tion to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. It must come up when culled
up; and unless we make it the special order for
to-morrow we shall lose to-day with it.
Mr. SEWARD. You may make it a special
order; you have the power to do so. All that I
wish to be understood is that I do not bind my-
self that to-morrow I shall bo cut off from bring-
ing up other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia to make
the report of the Judiciary Committee in regard
to the seats of the Senators from Indiana the spe-
cial order for to-moriow, at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr. MASON. If my colleague will allow mc,
I desire to ask the Senate to make the resolutions
that wore reported from the Committee on For-
eign Relations in regard to the outrages in the
Gulf the special order for Saturday, at one o'clock.
The Senate will remember that a melancholy event
deprived us of the opportunity of considering them
on Satuiday last. Saturday next will be almost
dies noii—the day before the adjournment—and I
am sure, the Senate understand the propriety of
passing those resolutions. I shall not debate them
at all.
Mr. HUNTER. I have but a day now for the
appropriation bills. After they are disposed of I
shall vote with my colleague; but I wish to pass
those bills to-day, and then I will vote with him
to make his resolutions a special order.
Mr. MASON. I will not debate it.
Mr. HUNTER. It will be debated. Let us
finish the appropriation bills to-day, and then I
will go with my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
to move for the present to postpone all prior busi-
ness. in order to take up the resolutions of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, with a view to
make them a special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not postpone
the special order; but let us go on with the ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. MASON. I did not make any motion; but
I asked general consent to have the resolutions
made the special order for Saturday, without dis-
placing the present business, if that conscnt is
not given, I shall not insist on the postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is general consent
given ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
B. L. BOGAN.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senate to take up
a'resolution for 'the payment of B. L. Bogan, which
I reported, a few days since, from the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate. It is a small matter, and the resolu-
tion only proposes to pay for services which have
been rendered.
By unanimous consent, the following resolu-
tion was considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, from the
contingent fund of the Senate, the sum of $200 to B. L.
Bogan, lor the services of his son m the document-room of
the Senate.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
bill (H. R. No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1858, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to take up the
Post Office bill first, as that is one of the large ap-
propriation bills. I wish to pass the important
appropriation bills first, so that they can be sent
to the President in time for examination.
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield with great pleasure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the pending bill will be laid aside inform-
ally, and the Post Office appropriation bill will be
taken up. The Chair hears no objection.
, ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
243) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859,
and had agreed to the forty-first amendment of
the Senate to the said bill, with an amendment,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had informed the House
of Representatives that he had approved and
signed, on the 9th instant, the following acts:
An act for the relief of Wyatt Griffith;
An act granting an invalid pension to Alexan-
der S. Bean, of Pennsylvania;
An act granting an invalid pension to James
Fugate, of Missouri;
An act granting an invalid pension to Conrad
Schroeder;
An act for the relief of Stephen Fellows;
An act to increase the pension of H-wy E.
Read, a citizen of Kentucky, and for other pur-
poses;
An act for the relief of certain settlers on the
public lands in Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of Elijah Close, of Ten-
nessee;
An act for the relief of Michael A. Davenport,
of Illinois; and
An act for the relief of Gardner &> Vincent and
others.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 556)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. YULEE. I have a number of amend-
