1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
76?
Let me ask the Senate, let me ask the country,
if the destinies of this Government were at issue
upon a single military contest, what service would
you most rely upon? Would you not rely upon
the volunteer who went at his country's first call;
who responded to the first sound of the tocsin;
who went to fighthis country'scause; who went
to fight for wife, for children, and for home?
Would you rely upon the man that has an interest
in his country,that has somebody to care for, and
somebody to care for him; or the rabble soldier,
that has no home, that has no country, whose
highest ambition is a few sixpences and a little
grog? These are the men that are eulogized and
extolled, in comparison with the volunteers of
these United States. God save the mark !
But, not content with that invidious comparison
between regular and volunteer troops, the State
which 1 represent must be arraigned; she must be
attacked. It is true that I am not her native son,
but I am her adopted son. She took me by the
hand, and that generous, that brave, that patriotic
people, have made me all that I am, be that much
or little. Having placed me here, f intend to
stand by her through evil and through good re-
port. Come weal or come woe, I will be found
standing by her interests, her honor—her sacred
honor—let the consequences be what they may.
Yes, I love her. The tenderest sympathies of
my soul are entwined with her. There is where
I live; there is where I hope to die; and beneath
the clod s of some of her valleys I hope my remains
will be deposited. It is the home of my children;
it is the home of all that is sacred to me. There,
upon her soil, and beneath her sky, the infant
vision of those that are bone of my bone and flesh
of my flesh, first saw the light; and I will stand
up and defend her.
The gentleman being hard pressed, must needs
lug in an unkind allusion. I will not be invidious
to the citizens of the different States. I will not
go to Georgia and arraign her prowess. I feel
that my position is too elevated for that. I love
Georgia;! love her people,and I admire many of
her institutions; and if I should be hard pressed
here or elsewhere in discussion, by way of cover-
ing a retreat, even were it in my power to do so,
I would make no unkind allusion to herasaState,
or to her people. The prowess, the valor of Ten-
nessee is arraigned; and it is said that I, speak-
ing in behalf of the volunteer State, have indicated
some predilections for Mormomsm. I ask those
who heard me yesterday, the first time I attempted
to make a little effort in this Chamber, whether
that inference can fairly be drawn from what I
said. Perhaps T spoke hurriedly and crudely, and
I may have said something by inadvertence; but
take the tenor and scope of what I said, and can
the gentleman, even with magnifying glasses, dis-
cover the slightest hint or word that favored the
institution of Mormonism ? He says that if that
is my theory and if my people entertain the same
views, they might, when they got to Utah as vol-
unteers, unite with Young and desert the standard
of their country. So far as the honorable Sena-
tor's allusion is concerned, I am willing to com-
pare theory with him on the subject of Mormon-
ism, and I would not care much to compare
practice. I will take him in theory or in practice,
just which ever dilemma suits him best. I spurn
the imputation as being unfounded and untrue in
reference to my State or myself.
I remarked in the little speech I made yester-
day, that we need not be so squeamish, or have
our tender sensibilities so extraordinarily shocked
at the Mormons, when the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, (and I in-
tended it as no imputation on him,) had just re-
ported a resolution—doing what ? Providing for
receiving, entertaining, and conferring extraor-
dinary privileges upon the representative of the
Grand Turk of Constantinople. History informs
us that polygamy exists in Turkey to a very great
extent, but because I alluded to it, did I say I just-
ified it? I alluded to it as a palliating circum-
stance, and to show why we should not be so
eager, in hot pursuit of the Mormons, either in
reference to their religion or the institutions which
they may have among them.
I intended to say then what I shall say now,
that we have a striking illustration of the doctrine
of our fathers, in regard to religious freedom, by
the provision which is ingrafted in every consti-
tution of the States of the Federal Union, that all
men have a natural and indefeasible right to wor-
ship Almighty God according to the dictates of
their own conscience. lactupon this great prin-
ciple of civil liberty. Charles V., the Emperor
of Germany, when he became tired of the cares
of State, resigned his vast possessions to his son,
and, to amuse the evening of his life, retired to a
monastery, and there undertook to regulate the
movement of watches; but finding it impossible to
make any two of them keep precisely the same
time, he was led to reflect on the crime,the folly,
the wickedness he had committed in attempting to
make men think alike. I am willing to be toler-
ant. Standing upon those great principles laid
down and inculcated in the constitutions ofall the
States, I think that we should adopt other means,
we should act towards the Mormons as Christ-
ians ought to act—go with the Bible in one hand
and the torch of reason in the other, and dissuade
them if we could from their course.
I might refer to the various instances of im-
postors who have sprung up from the body of
mankind,and raised organized communities,from
the beginning of the world to the present time.
They have had their day; they have risen and
fallen. They are past and gone. But how do the
honorable Senator and myself compare in prac-
tice ? "When the vote came up on the proposition
to appropriate money to entertain, I suppose in
magnificent style, the representative of the Turk,
by way of expressing our high appreciation of
the institutions of Turkey, how did the Senator
vote? My recollection is, he will correct me if I
am wrong, that he voted for that resolution, which
is to take out of the Treasury the money of the
people of the United States, who have such a
great abhorrence of Mormonism, to be spent in
entertaining the representative of the Grand Turk ?
Mr. 1VERSON. Does the Senator allude to me ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes,sir; Iask
whether the Senator voted for that resolution?
Mr. IVERSON. I am sorry to spoil the elo-
quent rhapsody the Senator has delivered by say-
ing that I voted in the negative on that proposition.
Mr. jpHNSON, of Tennessee". I am very
happy to hear it; that is some evidence that the
Senator is getting right. I referred to it to show
why we should not run into extremes on ques-
tions of this kind. As to " rhapsody," that is a
thing I do not know anything about. When I
deal with figures, they are not figures of speech,
but the figures used in the arithmetic; and as far
as we have gone in this matter, I think we have
shown that the gentlemen who urge this bill here
are wholly wanting and at fault in their figures.
Eut, sir, the Senator has referred to my State.
I ask the Senate, I ask the people of this nation,
if it is any part of Tennessee's history that her
people have ever been wanting in prowess or in
courage. She needs 110 vindication from me. It
exists in her own history. I could recite many
of her military deeds that would be ample, if her
reputation was not beyond the assaults of the
Senator. I could begin with the battle of King's
Mountain, which was fought before Tennessee
was a State. It was then a portion of the terri-
tory of North Carolina, but the people went from
the eastern counties of Tennessee to the battle of
King's Mountain; and there, amidst the dm and
the dust and the heat of battle, they showed them-
selves to be brave men. Is it necessary to allude
to the Seviers, the Shelbys, the Iiardings, and the
long list of those gallant patriots who participated
in that battle ? When you examine the history of
the country carefully, you will find that it was
that battle which turned the tide of the Revolution.
The country had been laid waste; disaster had
attended our arms; but from the battle of King's
Mountain down to the surrender of Comwallis
our troops triumphed everywhere.
How was it in the war of 1812? Go to the cold
regions of the North, and do you not find Ten-
nessee soldiers, m connection with their compa-
triots m arms, traversing the frozen ground, and
pouring out their blood freely in defense of the
northern frontier? Go to your southern cam-
paigns, in an inclement climate, beneath a burn-
ing sun, where disease and death cut them down;
and were not Tennessee's sons there? Go through
your Indian campaigns, and were they not there?
Go to the battles of Talladega, Emuckfau, Horse-
shoe, and Hickory-ground, and wherever it was
necessary to make a display of bravery and gal-
lantry, were they not there? I could hardly un-
dertake to name her gallant sons who have dis-
tinguished themselves in your military service,
because they are so numerous that their names
do not now occur to me. Where is your Car-,
roll ? Where is your Houston, that was wounded
in the battle of the Horse-shoe ? I claim him as a
Tennesseean.
How was it in the Mexican war? Go to Mon-
terey; go to any point where there was fighting
to be done, and were not Tennesseeans there"?
Where was your Campbell? Where was your
Anderson? Were they not at Monterey, lead-
ing on their gallant followers in the thickest and
the hottest of the fight? On what occasion is it
that the sons of Tennessee have faltered? W a su-
it at the battle of New Orleans? There were
Jackson and Carroll, and a long list of others.
On the 23d of December, 1814, they were gal-
lantly engaged in the contest with the enemy, in
the swamps and the lagoons; and on the mem-
orable 8th of Jannary, 1815, the sons of Tennes-
see, in connection with those of Kentucky and
other States, distinguished themselves. When
the embattled host was advancing, when the rock-
ets were going up, indicating the commencement
of battle, Tennessee's gallant leader, her own
noble and glorious Jackson, who stands in this
great forest of men the admiration of the Amer-
ican people—where was he ? In the thickest and
hottest of the battle his stern voice could be heard
rising above the roar of artillery, urging his men
on to the encounter.
Is this the State, is this the people that is to be
taunted? Are taunts to be thrown out upon her
volunteer forces? And now to be more direct
and pointed, I ask does the Senator from Geor-
gia intend to impute cowardice either to Haskell
or General Pillow, or the gallant men who were
led on to that bitter, to that desperate, to that
fatal charge which was made on Cerro Gordo?
Mr. IVJ5RSON. I will take this occasion, per-
haps it may save me a speech in reply to the Sen-
ator, to say that I did not intend to impute cow-
ardice cither to those gentlemen, or to Tennessee
troops, or to the Tennessee people in general. I
accord to the people of Tennessee as much bravery
and personal courage as any people in the United
States. I believe they are at all times as ready for
a fight as almost anybody, and from my observa-
tion are more anxious than most people. But the
Senator seemed yesterday to vaunt a great deal
about the prowess of Tennessee people; and he
told us how easy it would be for them to take a
contract from the Government to whip the Mor-
mons at half price; and he seemed to lay so much
stress really on the invincibility of Tennessee raw
tioops, that I took occasion to refer to an incident
in history which showed that raw troops, although
they may come from Tennessee, a brave State—
and I mean to accord to them as much bravery
as anybody—even Tennessee raw troops cannot
stand fire like " mercenary" regulars who are
drilled into obedience. I referred to the battle of
Cerro Gordo, where General Pillow himself, in
his report, states the fact, that the first and second
Tennessee foot regiments, who were engaged in
that battle, faltered and retreated from the ground
on the first fire of the Mexican batteries. He does
not say the " first" fire; but on the fire of the bat-
{ tcries they retreated from the ground, and went to
I a position where he stood with Ins troops, and did
I; not make another attack until a message was sent
| to' him stating the surrender of the main army of
! the Mexicans, and then ho marched over to the
main road.
j 1 merely cited this as an evidence of the inferi-
! ority of raw troops, undisciplined militia. Those
i troops were not altogether undisciplined, for they
I had been in service some months; but they had
been on the march all the time, and had probably
II very little opportunity of discipline. I cited it as
an instance of the danger of depending on raw
)J troops, militia, volunteers, who are just taken
i from the plow-handle and organized into compa-
zines and regiments. They cannot stand fire. It
; is not one time in a thousand that they can do it,
I if the fire is such a one as was recehed from the
; Mexican batteries, and such a one as I apprehend
they will receive from the Mormons if they go
i there. I make 110 imputations on the courage
| of the Tennessee people. 1 accord to them, I say
I again, as much courage and personal bravery as
1 any people. Still, I do not think Tennessee peo-
' pie, brave as they are, can stand fire like regulars.
