1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1853
tutional duties and limitations on the power of
Congress; but if they reject it, then let them wait
until they have a right to admission and a right
to demand it. Then I say, having failed to avail
themselves of the benefits of the Toombs bill, I
would give them back to the tender mercies of
my friend, the Senator from Illinois, under his
bill of March, 1856.
The Senator from Michigan says that will not
settle the question, and all these Senators have
prophesied civil war. Mr. President, I should
think they would have got tired of these prophe-
cies; I am sure I am tired of them, and I do not
mean to make any myself. So far as I am con-
cerned in my vote on this proposition, I can only
say I believe it to be a fair and honest proposi-
tion; that if the people of Kansas consult their
own interests, they will at once silence all this
agitation; and if they are sufficiently numerous
to take upon themselves the burdens of a State
government, they will at once come into the
Union, and, if there be anything amiss in their
constitution, proceed, in a regular, orderly man-
ner, to reform it; and that if they have not the
numbers sufficient to justify admission, they will
silence this whole controversy, and peaceably go
ahont their business, occupying the soil, tilling
their farms, until they have a population sufficient
to bear these great burdens.
But, sir, how much are the tones changed on
this side of the House in this regard! When the
Topeka constitution was before us, we were urged
to admit Kansas at any hazard, in any manner,
no matter what the constitution, no matter how
irregular, no matter how formed. We were told
that her case was so urgent, her distress so great,
that the mere admission of her, the mere raising
her to the dignity of a sovereign State, without
anything else, would heal all her wounds and in-
firmities. The Senator from New York said so.
Here it is, in his speech of April 9th, 1856, from
which I before quoted:
" Congress has power to admit the new State thus organ-
ized. Tiie favorable e.\ereiae of that power will teinnn-
ate and ciowd the mvolution. Once a State, the people of
Kansas can preserve internal order, and defend themselves
against invasion. Thus, the constitutional remedy is a^ ef-
fectual as it i-s peaceful and simple.
" This is the remedy for the evil5? existing m the Terri-
tory ot Kansas, which f propose. Happily, there is nfi need
to prove it to be either a lawiul one or a proper one, or the
only possible one."
He urged the immediate admission of Kansas
upon a constitution acknowledged by him in this
agreement to be irregular. He contended that the
urgency was so great that we should overlook all
the requisites of the law. He said that, once a
State, Kansas would instantly be relieved from all
her troubles. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] took up the wondrous tale. In his
speech of May 20, 1856, he said:
u Next, and lastly, comes the remeihi of justice and pe-are,
piopo-cd bv the Senator fioin Now Yoik. [j\Ii. ^lwahd.]
and embodied m his bill fot the immediate admission or Kan-
sas as a State ot tins Union, now pending as a substitute for
the bill of the Senator fiom Illinois.1'
Not the admission of Kansas as a free State—
not the admission of Kansas with any particular
constitution—but the mere admission of the State
in any way, in any form: this was "the lemedy
of peace and justice." What else ? j
" Rarely has any pi opostlion, so simple in chaiacter. so \
entirely practicable, -.o absolutely within vour power, been i
presented, which pionn>ed at once such beneficent result?. <
In its adoption, the crime against Kansas will all be Happily I
absolved, the u^ui pation which lte.-tabh^hed will be peace'- I
fully suppiessed, and order will be pcimanentlv secured. 1
Bya joyiul inKatnorphosis, this fair Teiritoiy may be *aved j
from ouudge." j
Sir, the Senator ascended into rhyme, and I
will give you his poetry on the occasion:
" ' Oh, help,' she cries,1 in this extrunest need,
Xf\ou who hear aie tie.tie? indeed ;
Gape, earth, and make foi this dread foe a tomb,
Or change myfonn, whence all my -sorrow* cone.' "
"What is the illustration of all this? Two years
ago admission, in any form, under any circum-
stances, upon any arugment, as the last plank to
the shipwrecked manner; the admission of Kan-
sas as a State, no matter what her constitution;
was the great remedy thai was to heal all things
there. It was a meie form that was the matter
with her; if she could merely change her form
from a territorial to a State government, every-
thing would be healed. Well, sir, we offered it.
If that he the great boon, if that be the balm m
G-ilead, which will lift her pale and bleeding form
from the earth, and hide all her wounds aftd na-
kedness, cover her infirmities, and enthrone her
with honor, we offer it to her; and we say to her
at the same breath, as the President and both-
Houses of Congress have expressed their opin-
ions already, "from the moment we bring you
into the Union as a State, we clothe you with the
highest attributes of sovereignty; you are your
own masters; you can make and unmake consti-
tutions atwill; if you do not like Lecompton, you
may take any other; if youlikeTopeka,setitup."
We give them this in the form which they have
themselves prescribed in their own bill; and yet
the Senator from Michigan warns us—perhaps in
behalf of his new allies—that this question is to
go into the next presidential election. Be it so.
It must be decided at some time. If the people
of the United States, the people of the northern
States and the people of the southern States, have
not the virtue, the self-command, the patriotism,
to see on what bald pretenses this continual dis-
turbance is kept tip, merely ministering to theag-
| grandizement of individuals by elevating them to
place and power, they have not the patriotism and
the intelligence any longer to maintain a republi-
can form of government; it makes no difference
when, or in what form, the overthrow of public
liberty comes; it has become a mere question of
time. Here is a Government, formed by wise and
patriotic statesmen, who established its founda-
tions on etei nal principles of truth and justice and
equality as between the States and the people of
the States. They saw no diiHculty in non-slave-
holding and slaveholding States remaining in the
same Union on terms of equality, pea«e, and jus-
tice, under the protection of a common Govern-
ment. From a few feeble colonies on the Atlantic,
we have risen to be the mightiest empire in the
history of time. Our population has crossed the
Alleghanies, and new communities, new sover-
eignties, are gathered along the Mississippi, from
its sources in the lakes to its mouth at the Gulf
of Mexico. This has been a good Government to
us all. It has protected us all in the days of our
youth. It has been full of blessing to us and to
ail of our constituents. If it is to be sacrificed,
if we are to bring Kansas in as a foot-ball to be ■,
kicked backwards and forwards every four years, '
not with any eye to our own peace and safely,
but simply as a means whereby this man or that |
man or the other man shall be elevated to the >
presidential chair and have the dispo.Mtion of .
office and pationage, then your Government has ]
lost its life, and it makes no difference when it I
loses its form. j
But, sir, that is not the feeling of the people of i
my State. The people of Kansas may act, and ]
act unwisely, as they have done before. I hope i
they will nut. I believe that experience is a bitter '
school, and they have passed thtough thatschool. ;
1 hope, at all events, they wi'l have the "justice, 1
the desire for peace, the patriotism, to amend all ,
their wrongs in this peaceable maimer; but if not, j
if they persist in keeping up this disturbance, if!
they peisist in making the whole business of this ;
Government and ali the vital necessities of thirty I
millions of people subordinate to their miserable, ,
petty squabbles and quai i eis,then I think the peo- i
pie of the United States, outside of the limits of (
Kansas, have sense enough and wisdom enough ]
! to close the contioversy by telling them they may ,
| remain a community to themselves until they reach !
some degree of quiet and peace. Sir, I am sorry j
to have detained the Senate so long. j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the hon- 1
orable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] in my I
judgment, has raised an issue which neither ex- j
lists in this case, nor is at aii material to the de- j
termination of the question which is now before j!
the Senate. The issue which he raises is an issue j;
upon the Leavenworth constitution, as it is called -j
—a constitution which is not here, a constitu- jj
tion which has never been presented either to the ij
President or to Congress; a constitution which b
hati not yet been voted upon by the people of .!
Kansas. " If it were heie, it would be impossible -
that that constitution should be moved as an jj
amendment to the present proposition pending be- ;!
fore the Senate; for to this report of the commit- !;
tee of conference no amendment whatever can be j;
proposed. No such issue is raised here. But, ;i
sir, if there were such an issue, it is a false one j
—false in fact, false in inference, false as raising
a mere clamor without the slightest foundation
under heaven.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Ohio would
say, by way of prejudicing the action of the free-
State men of Kansas, that in the constitution
which they have formed lately at Leavenworth,
they have adopted Universal negro suffrage. The
language of the constitution which they have
framed, in that respect, is quoted, word for word,
letter for letter, comma for comma, from this very
Lecompton constitution now before the Senate;
and, sir, if the^Leaven worth constitution, in the
article upon suffrage, provides that all the negroes
of the Territory may vote, the Lecompton con-
stitution does precisely the same thing. The lan-
guage of both is identical in this particular; both
mean the same thing. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, pretend that the same language
does not mean the same thing? that precisely the
same terms of expression, when used in one con-
stitution, do not mean exactly the same when
used m another?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator certainly is not able,
in pointoffact, to misunderstand me. Isaid before,
that the Lecompton constitution excludod free ne-
groes, which this one docs not. Now they could
not vote if they were not there, and I see them ex-
cluded in language so plain that it is not possible
to misunderstand it. That is the Lecompton con-
stitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does the Senator from
Ohio claim that free negroes are citizens of the
United States?
Mr. PUGH. I have said that I do not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read the language
of this so culled Leavenworth constitution:
" In all elections not otherwise provided for by this con-
stitution, eveiy mate citizen of the United States of the a<je
of twenty-one year> oi upward-*, who t-hall imve resided hi
the State six month* next pteceding such election, itc.,
shall be entitled to vote."
Sir, upon the gentleman's own ground, if ne-
groes are not citizens of the United States, the
charge is a false one, if charge it be, against the
Leavenworth constitution. Precisely the same
language is used in the Lecompton constitution:
" Every male citizen of the United State*, above the age
of twenty-one yearn, having re-ided m the State one year,
and in the county, city, or town in which he may offer to
vote, thiee monins next piccedmq; any election, shall have
l he qualifications of an elector, and be eutuicd to vote at all
elections! "
How, then, does it stand upon the schedule?
The schedule of the Leavenworth constitution
provides that it shall bo submitted to the people
of Kansas for ratification or icjection, and that
j " said election shall be conducted according to the
I provisions of section thirteen of an act of the
! Legislative Assembly of the Ten ltofry of Kansas,
1 passed February, 1858, tntitled ' An act to pro-
: vide for the election of delegates to a convention
; to ftame a State constitution.This act is not
! befoie me, but I am informed upon authonty on
! which I rely that the provision in that act is pre-
! cisely the piovision existing under the territorial
. laws, that every citizen of the United States who
I had resided six months in the Territory before
i offering his vote, should be entitled to vote at the
election.
* Mr. President, I have said this, not because it
is mateiia! to be'said, not becnu^e there is any
such issue before the Senate, but simply to put an
end to this clamor, which is raised for no other
purpose than to prejudice the action of the free-
State people of Kansas in the estimation of a largo
portion of the members of both Houses of Con-
gress. It might appeal to the prejudices of men
lesiding in the slaveholding States, if the fact could
be assumed that m^roes were to be permitted to
vote; and yet is it not true that in many of the
slaveholding States negroes are, under certain
qualifications, permitted to vote5 Is it not Hue
m North Carolina, the State which you represent,
Sll ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigg, in
the chair.) Not now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If not now, it has been
at some period of her history. Was u not true
in Tennessee and m Virginia? But, sir, I have
only referred to this to show that it is a false
clamor raised to prejudice 
Mr. PUGH. I wish the Senator would ex-
plain that language, for I really think H is time I
