1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
should understand what he means. He has used
the expression " false " several times. Does the
Senator mean to apply it to me ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not mean to apply it
to the honorable Senator from Ohio that he in-
tends to state what is false; but I do say th'at he
has misconceived the law, ^nd given a false in-
ference and a false interpretation to it; and the
whole effect of what he says is to raise a false
clamor and a false prejudice against the action
of the free-State people of Kansas; and I feel
called upon to repel it, not because it is material
to the question now before the SSJRate, but to put
an end to this clamor.
Mr. President, there is one other remark that
fell from the honorable Senator from Ohio which
I feel called upon to notice. It is a remark which
was made in the absence of the honorable Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Seward,] and in the
absence of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] who has, for reasons which
I do not feel called upon now to name, been com-
pelled to remain away most of the session. The
Senator from Ohio spoke of a prediction which
was made by the honorable Senator from New
York, in his speech in the spring of 185G, in which
he stated, in substance, that as near as he could
estimate the amount of population in the Territory
of XCansas then, there were forty thousand; and
that, probably, in the course of a short period,
there would be a population sufficient to entitle
them to a Representative in Congress. He said,
also, that the Senator from Massachusetts, in a
speech which he made in the spring of 1856, esti-
mated the population to be nearly fifty thousand,
and said it was fastincreasing, and that, perhaps,
by the time the Topeka bill could pass Congress,
there would be a population there sufficient to en-
title them to a Representative in the other House
of Congress. The honorable Senator asks where
are these false statements of fact and of prophecy
which we constantly hear on this side of the
Chamber? Where is all this population which
was to have been in Kansas, and the large emi-
gration which was immediately to have followed
in the spring and summer of 1856?
Mr. President, has the honorable Senator from
Ohio forgotten that it waa after these speeches
were made, and in the spring and summer of 1856,
that Lawrence was sacked and burned ? Has the
Senator forgotten that it was during the summer
and fall and winter of 1856 that the irregular bor-
der-ruffian army which was marched into Kansas
was devastating that Territory, and driving the
people from it, hunting them down like blood-
hounds on their track? Has the Senator forgot-
ten that in the summer and fall and winter of 1856
all the highways through Missouri were closed
against all northern emigration, blockaded by
armed men upon the banks of its rivers, armed
with cannon ?
Mr. PUGH. I rccollect .that those allegations
were made; I believed they never did occur. That
was my opinion; but I know they were asserted
on the floor as existing here just about the time
of these predictions—the very time.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Has the Senator forgot-
ten that the troubles which were existing during
the summer and fall and winter of 1856 drove hun-
dreds and hundreds of the people of Kansas ouf
of that Territory ?
Mr. PUGH. I will tell the Senator, as he
asks the question. These things were all alleged
to have happened about the time of these very
speeches. We all recollect when they were stated
in the Senate—the debates will show. They did
not happen afterwards. I do not think a great
many of them happened at all; but they were not
pretended to have happened until afterwards.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But, Mr. President, at
the most, those statements which were made by
the honorable Senator from New York, and the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, were but
"approximations. They said expressly that no
census had been taken; they were but approxi-
mating to the number of inhabitants of Kansas at
the time the speeches were made; and they were
but venturing to give a prediction, based upon the
causes then in operation, that in a very short pe-
riod of time there would be a population in Kan-
sas sufficient to entitle them to one Representa-
tive m the other House of Congress.
But, sir, I shall not dwell on these topics. The
relations which we'bear to each other as the sov-
ereign States of this Confederacy, and the rela-
tions which the various States bear to the United
States Government, are very analogous to the re-
lations of a family. This is, indeed, a sisterhood
of States; and a glorious sisterhood it is; and, as
younger sisters growing up into the same family,
are these now Territories springing into exist-
ence from time to time in the different portions of
our great Confederacy. One after another are
they planted, colonized, organized, and brought
into the Union. One after another, passing
through all the periods of helpless infancy, grow-
ing childhood, and vigorous youth, they reach
that period in their growth and development to
take position as new but equal members of this
great anckglorious family oi ours. The relations
which are borne by them to the Government of
the United States during their territorial condi-
tion are very much like the relations which a
child bears towards a parent during its infancy
and minority. In more respects than one does
this analogy hold good. Upon the one side is
government, protection, and education; upon the
other, helplessness, dependence, and obedience.
There are those who maintain the sovereignty
of a people in a territorial condition from the mo-
ment of its organization. You may say that
there are all the elements of sovereignty in a
newly-organized Territory. So, too, there are
all the elements of manhood in a child; but, in
my judgment, it would be just as unwise to speak
of the independent sovereignty of a few hundreds
or thousands of people sparsely scattered through-
out a vast territory, as to speak of the manhood
of a babe nestling in its mother's bosom. Nor
is it always easy to determine the exact line be-
tween youth and manhood, nor between the ter-
ritorial dependence of a people and their inde-
pendent sovereignty—to see exactly where the
one ends and the other begins. It is a thing of
growth and of time. But I will not dwell on this
subject.
The point we are now considering is simply
whether the proposition of the committee of con-
ference does of itself present any improper induce-
ment to bring Kansas into the Confederacy unde^
the Lecompton constitution; and if she refuses to
come in, does it impose upon her any improper
penalties—anything byway of punishment? Is
Kansas left perfectly free to make her own choice
in this matter? Sir, it is very easy to illustrate
this by resuming once more the analogy. Im-
agine the case of a parent with large possessions,
having a large family of highly educated and ac-
complished daughters. " As they grow up and
aruve at the age of maturity and marriageability,
one after another they are settled and established
in life, and a portion of his vast inheritance is set
off to them A younger daughter, not yet arrived
at the age of perfect maturity, hardly marriage-
able as yet, at that tender and interesting period
when the <utlessness of childhood adds to the
charms of womanhood, is sought in marriage by
two rival suitors; the parent's consent is asked.
One presents himself, an intelligent, frank, hon-
est, noble youth, who has wrought out his own
fortunes by his own strong hands; and he has
sought, received, and secured heraffections. An-
other presents himself who claims to be of noble
blood—to belong to the first families of the land;
too proud to labor himself, but ever willing to
live upon the labor of others—like too many,
greedy of othei's goods and prodigal of his own—
and he seeks her hand m marriage also. He plies
every art, attempting sometimes *by force and
sometimes by fraud to obtain her consent. She
rejects his suit again and again. Pier elder sis-
ters take a deep interest and an active part in the
controversy, are about equally divided, and the
result even threatens to sunder their family rela-
tions. She comes to her parent for advice. She
fully avows her aifection for the one, and her
detestation for the other; and what does he pro-
pose ? He says to her, " my daughter, if you will
i marry this man of family and pretensions I will
[ give you houses and lands; I will endow you with
| a large and independent fortune, as I have all your
| sisters that have settled before you; I willesfab-
j hsh you at once in a high rank in society; you
! shall have all the deference and consideration j
| which grow out of that establishment, on a foot- 1
I mg of perfect equality with your elder sisters; but \
if you refuse to marry him, you shall not marry
at all, so long as I live, or at all events so long as
I keep you under my control; and until you arrive
at the full age of majority you shall r¥ot marry
any other; and though you do not choose to marry
him, you shall continue to associate with him and
receive his attentions."
Mr. President, is that leavingher perfectly free
to follow the dictates of her own heart, to make
her own selection, or is that what you would call
parental intervention Is it leaving her perfectly
free, or is it endeavoring to force her choice, to
say to her in plain English,if you will marry
this suitor, you are old enough to marry now; but
if you desire to marry anybody else, you are not
old enough to marry at all; if you will marry this
one, you shall have houses ana land; you shall be
endowed richly, as all your sisters have been en-
dowed before you; but if you will not inarry him,
you shall marry no other for an indefinite length
of time, and you may have to pass that certain
ago which no female desires to pass unmarried;
and whefher you like him or dislike him,you shall
continue to associate with him ?"
I ask you if this is leavingher perfectly free in
her choice to choose her own domestic institu-
tions, and to form and regulate them in her own
way? or is it parental intervention to overcome
her free will, to tempt her, to smother and crucify
her affections, and to join in alliance with one
whom, instead of loving, she detests?
Mr. President, I do not intend to take up the
time of the Senate; but it seems to me, in plain
language, the proposition which is now put by
Congress to Kansas, is this: not that they will
give Kansas now more lands than they have given
to some other States when they were admitted into
the Confederacy, but the proposition is to give them
to her now, if she will come into the Union under
this constitution; but if she will not come into the
Union under this constitution, she is not to have
them for an indefinite period of time. It is also
saying to Kansas, " if you will come into the
Union now, you shall have all the political con*
sideration, consequence, power, and influence, of
an independent and sovereign State in this Con-
federacy; but if you will not take this constitu-
tion„you shall not come into the Confederacy for
an indefinite period^of time; it may be five years,
or it may be ten years before you will have pop-
ulation enough to entitle you to come in under
this proposition."
But, Mr. President, the more important ques-
tion, in my judgment, is not whether the people
of Kansas will have virtue enough to rejcct this
proposition, rather than to come into the Union
under a constitution which they detest—for I be-
lieve they will—but the important question with
me is, who shall count the votes which the peo-
ple cast when that proposition is submitted to
them? From all that has transpired in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, that is a question which comes
home to me with more force than any other; for
I believe if the votes could be fairly counted, the
people of Kansas would reject and spurn this
proposition if it should be offered by Congress.
If you go back into the history of Kansas and its
affairs, what strikes you as the most prominent
of all things in its history ? Governor Geary was
compelled to resign. Why? Because he was de-
termined that the constitution should be submit-
ted entire to the people of Kansas, and that the
laws should be fairly administered, and that
murder should not go unpunished. Governor
Walker and Governor Stanton were removed
from office, substantially. And why? Because
i they would not count the fraudulent votes which
, were cast at Oxford and Shawnee. Governor
j Denver has been appointed to fill their place.
I Their history is before him.
I John Calhoun, notwithstanding all that has
, been proved in relation to the returns which were
! made to him and to Ins office, notwithstanding
; the place where they were found hid in a candle-
| box was in his wood pile, is still kept in office as
the surveyor general of the Territory of Kansas,
j Mr.Walker and Mr. Stanton were put outof office
; because they would not count the fraudulent re-
t turns. John Calhoun is kept in office, notwith-
1 standing the candle-box returns and the frauds
which have been practiced in that Territory. What
! are we to expect now ? One question has not been
! answered by any gentleman who has spoken on
