2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. DAVIS. If we are to continue this organ-
ization, I agree with the Senator; but I think the
organization is bad, and that we should not ex-
tend it, if we have in future the view of discon-
tinuing it.
Mr. COLLAMEIt. I do not desire to antici-
pate whether we shall ever break that up or not.
I say it is there, and we cannot get on with it with
any degree of safety or efficiency to the public,
but by having this other office, which the gentle-
man will concede is certainly much needed there,
especially on account of the very great increase
of business.
Mr. BIGLER. I approach, Mr. President, the
proposition for the creation of an additional Post-
master General with great aversion*, but thp ex-
amination I have given to the subject has satis-
fied me that it is wise and proper. I have no
hesitation in saying that, if I were about to main-
tain the Post Office'Department on my individ-
ual account, as an individual enterprise, looking
to efficiency and economy, I would create this
office if the organization was to remain as it is.
There seems to be a natur; 1 division in the busi-
ness of the offices—the appointing department,
the contracting department, the financial depart-
ment, and the inspection department. Now there
is no assistant to-take charge of that important
branch—the business of (he inspection of the vast
returns, the important and difficult questions of
the execution of contracts. That bianch of ser-
vice requires a responsible and able head; and I
shall vote for this proposition, not only because
I think it will give efficiency to the Department
and accuracy to its transactions, but because it
will be a measure of economy. In passing upon
fines for failures to perform contracts, how fre-
quently are the decisions brought here, and how
much of our time has been occupied, even attics
session, with the question whether fines have
been improperly imposed—whether wrong has
been thrown upon contractors by them.
Sir, I think in this way we shall be the gainers.
The Department would have m that branch of the i
service an efficient head; and I am sure that no
Senator, who is in the habit of visiting the Post
Office Department, will doubt for a moment that
the head of that Department has enough to do,
and that he ought to have a chief clerk to assist
him without yielding that officer to the inspection
office. Why, sir, we know that the Postmaster
General is utterly unable to give that attention to
the current business which we all desire. Tin-re
is scarcely a day that some member of Congress
does not complain that his business is not prop-
erly attended to before that Department.
I believe that, as a measure of efficiency for the
Department;of economy, of convenient e for Con-
gress, we ought to grantthisadditional assistant.
My prejudices ng.unst it, I am free to confess,
were icmoved by conversations winch 1 havt had
with ex-Postmasters General. I believe I have
conversed with as many as four, all concuning in
the necessity of this office; some of whom took
this impiession from their scivioe in the Post
Office Department many years ago, since which
time the business has increased with great rapid-
ity. I shall vote for the amendment with great
pleasure.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered • and being taken, resulted
—yeas 31, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messr-. Allen,Bayard, Benjamin, I5i«j!ei\Blight,
Biown. Coil.liner, Onttcruien, Doolittle, Fe^onden, Fueh,
FiUpan i^k, Foot, G\\ in, Hammond, Harlan, IJ.ij-ne, Hous-
ton, lv-<>iM)n. Johnson of Arkan-a-. Jone-; Ma^on, Real,
Sebastian, Sowaid, Sfuart, Thompson of Kentueky. Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toomb:*, Wilson, Wjight, and Yuk-c—
ai.
NAYS— Messrs. Bell, Bioderick, Campion, Chandler,
Claj'. Davis, L)i\on. Fo-tei, Hamlin, lluntei, Jolm>on or
Teime^ee, Kennedy, King, and Pearce—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have another amendment from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
J&ul be it farther enacted, That the fourth section of (lie
act of Congie&s. uppioved the 5th day oi Augu-t, l&vi, en-
titled u \n act making apnropriationstoi the service of the
Po-H O'f>oo Depaitment during the fiscal year emhny the
30th of June, 16'od," be. and the bame ia hereby, continued
l'or one jcar from Angu&t 5, 1858.
This is an allowance which has been made to
the clerks of the Washington city post office since
the year 1854. During the session of Congress, !
thpy distribute an immense amount ofpublic doc- |
urnents, and even during the recess; and are og- [
cupied until late hours, and find very laborious
employment in sending them off. In 1854, the
city postmaster was authorized to be allowed by
the Department one mill per pound upon the doc-
uments sent from the office, to be disposed of by
making an allowance not exceedingtwo hundred
and fifty dollars to each of the clerks engaged there,
the balance to be accounted for to the Government.
The postmaster himself gets no benefit from this;
but he is allowed, by a tax of one mill per pound
on the amount of free matter issued from the post
office here, to raise the means of allowing $250
extra compensation to the clerks engaged in the
city post office. It has been allowed every year
since 1854; and this is a mere continuance. It
has been continued from year to year in their favor
every year since 1854.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have another amendment:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the joint resolution of
Congie^s of the 18th«of August, 1856, which provider that
theie shall be one principal messenger in each of the bu-
reaus of the several Executive Dfpartments at an annual
salary of $840 each, shall be understood to cmbrace within
its true scope and meaning the olfices of the Assistant Post-
masters General.
I would state that this provision has already
passed the Senate m the shape of a joint resolu-
tion, and has gone to the House of Representa-
tives. it is to give a construction to the legislation
of the last Congress to confoi m to the intention of
the Committee on Finance which then reported
the provision. The difficulty in the other House
is, that the committees cannot be called for re-
ports, so that there will ho no likelihood of its
being acted upon, unless it goes in the shape I
now propose. It has already received the sanc-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. As legislation, this is all right
enough. I only wish to say that the other House
ha\e been making great objection to the legisla-
tion we have put upon appropriation hills; and
they certainly have aiight to do so. I should
like very much, especially at this la e period of
the - session, to see these bills confined to their
proper subjects. I have no objection to this prop-
osition in itself; it is right enough, and I voted
for it as a separate measure; but I think it ought
not to be put on this hill.
Mr. YULEE. It is admitted to be right and
to be necessary to give effect to the intention of
Congiess in the act passed m 1^56, to which this
is amendatory. The Post Office appropriation
bill, upon which we are now acting, contains ap-
pro pi hit ions for these mossengei s. There are only
two of them to whose salary this amendment re-
lates, and I do not know that there can be any
more appropriate amendment to an appropriation
bill than this, which relates to the very subject-
matter of one of its legitimate provisions. Inas-
much as the chairman of the Finance Committee,
agrees that it is right, and declares that he voted
for it as a separate measute, and inasmuch as it
relates to the salaries of two messengeisj who are
provided for in the bill, I hope the Senate will not
be muie stiict than usu.il.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. The next amendment is:
be it farther cnactcJ, That the Postma^er General
may allow two dollars pei diem in addition to whai is now
amhou/.ed bv law, to the special agent ot the Depaitment
for New York and the New England States
I will say that this subject was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Iloads by
a resolution of the Senate; and that upon inquiry
fioni the Post Office Department, we received a
letter from the Postmaster General, in which he
advised that the allowance be made.
Mr. RK WARD. IIow much does he get now ?
Mr. YULEE. He receives now, as all others
receive, §1,600 pet-year, and two dollars per diem.
He is tiie agent for New York and the New Eng-
land States.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the amendment will
be adopted. I think it is necessary and just. He
is a meritorious man.
Mr. FOOT. Let the letter of the Postmaster
General be read.
Mr. YULEE. I send to the Chair the letter
of the Postmaster General. This gentleman is
ao;ent in the most important and most extensive
district, and is obliged to reside in New York and
Boston nearly all the while. It is on that account
that the Postmaster General recommends the al-
lowance
Mr. FOOT. If there is no opposition to the
amendment, perhaps the reading of the letter can >
be dispensed with.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
letter.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Office Department, June 2,1858.
Sir: In the matter of increasing the compensation of
James Holbiook, special agent of this Depaitment at large
for the distnet of New York and the New England States,
tins day referred to me from your committee, for my opin-
ion, I have the honor to state thai the long and faithful ser-
vice of Mr. Holbrook, his assiduity*, skill, and success in
the performance of Ins difficult duties entitle him to the
confidence and favorable con^ideiation of this Depaitment.
The propriety of raising his salaiy above that paid to others
of the same class of agents may be questionable; but inas-
much as his peculiar fitness for the post has induced this
Department to keep Mr, Holbrook almost constantly on
duty in the city ot New York, wheie ins neeessaiy ex-
penses must greatly exceed the amount allowed him by
law, I cheerfully and earnestly recommend that an addi-
tional allowance be made hun of two dollais per diem.
I am, respectfully, youi obfdient seivant.
AARON V BROWN. Postmaster General.
To the Hon. D L. Yut.ee, Ckaximan Senate Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. YULEE. I will state that the committer
had also before them a veiy strong letter indeed
from Judge ingersoll, United States district judge
for Connecticut; Judge Nelson, associate justice of
the United States Supreme Court; Isaac V, Fow-
ler, postmaster at New York; William D. Ship-
man, United States districlnttorney for Connec-
ticut; Mr. Hammersley, postmaster at Hartford;
Mr. Thomas, postmaster at New Haven; Judge
Hall, United States district judge for northern
New York; John McKeon, late United States dis-
trict attorney for the southern district of New
York; Judge Betts, of the United States district
court for the southern district of New York; Na-
hum Capen, postmaster at Boston; and Charles
L, Woodbury, United States attorney for Massa-
chusetts. This gentleman has been very much
before the courts, and has managed some very
delicate and important cases with so much credit
as to attract the attention of the officers engaged
m the administration of justice.
Mr. BAYARD. I arci opposed to the amend-
ment, because it is very evident to me, from the
letter of the Postmaster General, that the intent
of the amendment is to increase the compensation
of one of a class of officers, founded on the partic-
ular merits of the individual. I think the princi-
ple a false one. Compensation for an office ought
to depend upon the character of the office and the
duties to be performed. You ought to suppose
that a competent person will be selected by the
Government to perform the duties. The system
of increasing the pay of a particular office, found-
ed upon favoritism towards an individual who
may perform us duties, is a false principle of ac-
tion, in my judgment; and the necessary result of
it will be, that some other man of the class, who
is able to obtain the favor of individuals to rec-
ommend him, will get his pay raised, and so you
will goon. The Postmaster General himself says
it is questioifable whether, in reference to the
duties, the compensation ought to be raised. The
principle of raising it on individual recommenda-
tions of the particular incumbent, I think a false
one. I cannot vote to increase the compensation
on that ground. I shall ask for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. That is not the principle on
which the committee have recommended the ad-
dition to this compensation, nor is it the principle
on which the Postmaster General proceeds. This
agent belongs to a division which comprises a
larger population and a larger amount of episto-
lary intercourse than any other portion of the
United States. He has more to do than any other
agent, and his duties oblige him to reside in the
city of New York and the city of Boston nearly
all the while, which makes his expenses more
than the present allowance by law, two dollars
per day, which would generally pay the expenses
of an agent elsewhere.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not so understand the
recommendation of the Postmaster General. He
says expressly, after speaking of the fitness of the
agent, of which I have no doubt, " the propriety
of raising his salary above that paid to others of
the same class of agents may be questionable;
but, inasmuch as his peculiar fitness for the post"
—that is the ground—" has induced this Depart-
ment to keep Mr. Holbrook almost constantly on
duty in the city of New York, where his ncces-
