THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1858.
New Series No. 49.
gant proposition that had ever been made in ref-
erence to this particular matter. Why, sir, when
you call out volunteers, you never get done pay-
ing them. In the first instance, you have a more
expensive recruitthan you have in any other way.
While you pay them no more per month, you
dismiss them at stated periods, and you are to
pay them for marching back to their homes, to
the place from which you got them. And then
you are to take others in their places; and 1 have
seldom ever known them to be dismissed without
getting two or threemonths' extra pay; and then
the practice has been established according to
which they come in for bounty land. Every one
of them will claim and will get his one hundred,
and sixty acres of bounty land, and the whole
thing will sum up in paying them about twice as
much as it will cost you to employ regulars for
the same time.
But, sir, I am opposed to it on another and a
stronger ground. 1 am free to say, that I do not
particularly sympathize with the Senator from
Tennessee in reference to his doctrines of econ-
omy. I love economy, but I never preach it. I
have no particular fancy for making a reputation
as an economist in the expenditure of the public
money. Whatever the nation requires to main-
tain its honor, its dignity, and at the same time to
pay every man fairly and justly for his services,
i am willing to vote. I was not sent hero to cal-
culate pounds, shillings, and pence; to say that
we will pay a sixpence for this, and twelve and
a half cents for that; I am willing to pay liberally
for whatever we get. I do not sympathize with
this eternal outcry about economy.
The point on which I place my chief objection
to the employment of volunteers is this; if you
send volunteers to fight the Mormons you will
have civil war beyond all question. It is very
well known that these people have had their dis-
turbances in Illinois and Missouri before they left
the States. They left enemies behind. Those
enemies thirst for vcngcance to-day. Call for the
volunteers, and the old enemies of the Mormons
will be the first to come forward and offer their
services, and say " we will take the field; we will
go and fight these Mormons." They go with a
view of shedding blood; they go for vengeance,
and they will have it. Send a volunteer force
against the Mormons from Missouri and Illinois,
and you will have war as certain as that a God
reigns in Heaven. No human agency can pre-
vent it. The volunteer soldier will have volun-
teer officers. They will all be of a piece and all
be of a party, and all thirst for vengeance on ac-
count of old scores.
The cxtract from Colonel Johnston's letter, read
by the Senator from Massachusetts yesterday,
had attracted my attention before; and if I felt
perfectly sure that the extract was authentic, I
should demand from the Executive that Colonel
Johnston should be deposed from the command;
and whoever goes there in command of your
troops, saying you ought to have war, and that
war is the best thing for the United States, is cer-
tain to bring on war. I say that theman who
goes there thirsting for blood, who wants to shoot
down these poor,deluded people who aie follow-
ing Brigham Young, will bring war, disgrace, and
dishonor on your country. I want no war. I
want no bloodshed.- If you will send no volun-
teers to Utah you will have no war. There is no
necessity for it. Brigham Young and his follow-
ers do not mean to fight. They will not fight you
unless you force war on them. That is my judg-^
ment. I am told by gentlemen sitting around me
that if I quit talking you will get a vote. I will
see how that will turn out. I stop.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Tennessee as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAY. I understand the Senator wishes
to address the Senate, and he yields to me for a
moment. I shall move an adjournment. It is evi-
dent that we are not to get a vote here under sev-
eral hours, and I would suggest this reason why I
49
think we should adjourn until to-morrow. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who introduced the bill to the Senate is absent on
account of sickness. Probably on to-morrow he
will be able to get into the Senate, and I know he
is anxious to be here when the vote is taken. I
think if we adjourn until to-morrow he will prob-
ably be here.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to state that I saw the chairman of the
committee yesterday, and that he was very anx-
ious to be here? but at the same time he would not
at all suggest that he desired the Senate should
i adjourn or delay the.censideration of the question,
j I thoughtit would be agreeable to him, and there-
1 fore 1 suggested it.
1 Mr. CLAY. I move an adjournment.
! Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator to delay an
| instant.
! Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
< the motion.
I Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the motion, and I am
1 willing to sif here as long as anybody else.
| Mr. MASON. If the Senator from Texas will
! yield me the floor, I will make the motion to ad-
I journ; and on that 1 ask the yeas and nays,
i The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
: taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
: YEAS — Messi.<. Allen. 1'ayaid, Bell, Chandler, Clay,
Cnttendon, Dixon, Doualas, Durkee, Fc tendon, Foot,
i Foster, Hamlin, Harlan. Uuu>ton, King, Ma^on, Peaice,
| Polk, Sewaid, Simmons, Stuai t, Thomson of New Jer-ey,
1 Toombs Wade, Wilson, and Yulce—27
, NAYS-Mc-ii'-f Iiiggrf. Bizier, Bright, Biodei ick. Brown.
! Fitch, Gwin. Hale, Iverson, Johnson ot Arkansas, Johnson
of Tennes&ee, Jones, Pugh, Seba&uan, Slidell, and Sum-
ner—18.
The Senate thereupon adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 18, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. F. Swentzel, D. D.
The Journal of yestei day was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explanation.
| There was no objection.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, some days
i since the House was engaged m the discussion of
i a proposition reported from the Committee of
! Elections, to allow further time to the parties in-
; terested in taking testimony in the Ohio contostod-
j election ease. That committee reported my appli-
cation, in which there arc sundry allegations made.
They also reported to the House the answer of
| the contestant. The following is an cxtract from
i my application:
! " I am informed by bnn [my attorney] that when lie served
! notice, (p. KJ6,) contestant claimed that he had no right to
! do «o, because hit notice-?, pieviously solved, coveted the
residue of the {sixty day V and refused to appearand eross-
exainme the witnesses
The answer of the contestant is as follows:
" It is asserted, oi insinuated, upon the authority cujusdam
ignoti, that my puipo^e, in sei ving the notice in this eon test,
| was to prevent the returned menibei from taking any testi-
mony at all. I meet this by a flat denial."
Mr. Speaker, I did not participate in the dis-
cussion on this subject, because I regarded it as
indelicate for me to do so, notwithstanding there
were many things said to which I desired to reply,
particularly in the remarks of the honorable gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] I ask the
Clerk to read that portion of the debate which I
have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Wilson. I understand the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] to challenge the minority of the Commit-
!' tee of Elections, individually and collectively, to answer life
'j questions; and he refers to the aigutn ent of Mr. Vallandig-
I ham, as read from the Cleik s desk, to show that the eon-
; te stain here does not give the const! uction to the statute
which we hay he did That, Mr. Speaker, is not the question-
"Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. I do not yield the floot,
unless the gentleman rises to answer the'question I put.
My question is this : I ask the minority of the committee to
show to this House and to the country, one particle of evi-
dence on which their statement is predicated, that it is clear
that both parties gave the law this construction, or that either
of them did.
' " Mr. Wilson. I wdl do so. It is not material what the
contestant's construction of"the law may be now. That
letter just read is a mere matter of aigument. But I refer
the gentleman to page 6 of this report, where Mr. Campbell
states:
"'I am informed by him [his attorney] that when he
served notices, contestant claimed that he had no right to
do so, because /m notices, previously served, covered the
residue of the "sixty days," and refused to appear and crosa-
examine the witnesses.'
" Where was this? In Ohio. Not here in the committee
room. Not since the commencement of this Congress.
There it was that the contestant denied that Mr. Campbell
had a light to take further testimony.
" Mr. Stfimiexs, of Georgia. Does the gentleman read
that to me as evidence ?
" Mr. Wilson, it has not been denied.
"Mr S'rci'iicNt*, of Gcoigia. It is denied flatly. It is
denied in the statement of the gentleman [Mr. Vallandig-
ham] in hi  own paper, which I have just read. It is denied
by bis acts; denied by those documents tiiat I hold, and
read fiom a while ago, which siiow that he acted inconsist-
ently with any such construction. What the gentleman
[Mr* Wilson ] has read is the staternpntofthesittingmem-
bcr, that bis lawyers told him that Mr. Vallandigham put
such a construction on the law, in the very teeth of the
acts of Vallandigham and of the acts of Campbell. I ask for
the evidence. Do you, as a lawyer, give me that as evi-
dence ? I want the evidence, upon which that statement was
made.
" Mr. Wilson. Do 1 understand the gentleman from
Georgia as seating that the contestant denies that he in-
formed the attorney of Mr. Campbell that he had no rightto
take this evidence ?
" Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. I understand the contest-
ant ihihn^lht to donv it.
'• Mr. Wilson. Will the contestant rise in his place and
donv if ?
" Mi. Va.lt,amugriiam, (contestant.) I have denied, and
do deny milking the statement alluded to."
The " flat denial," as repeated, seems to be in-
dorsed by the gentleman from Georgia. I do not
rise with any desire, nor do I intend, to make any
assault upon the voracity of any person. I appear
for the purpose of vindicating my own character
for truth.
After that debate, inasmuch as my own opin-
ion was predicated upon a conversation which I
had with my attorney nine months ago, I did not
know but that I mistook him, and, in making the
statement I did, might have done the contestant
injustice. I wrote to him for the purpose of as-
certaining the facts in order that I might repair
speedily any injury I might have done on the one
hand or on the other, vindicate my own charac-
ter, and substantiate the truth of my statement.
It will be observed by the printed testimony in the
case, (Mis. Doc. No. 4,) that Fletcher C. Cuppy
was my attorney, and served my notices before
my return to Ohio. I send to the Clerk's desk
his response to my interrogatory.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Ohio, Montgomery county,«:
Fletcher P. Cuppy, of lawful age, being first duly sworn,
depo-seth and saith that he acted as attorney for Hon. Lewis
l). Campbell in taking testimony, in Montgomeiy county,
Ohio, in relation to the contest between him and Clement
L. Vallandigham, for the seat in the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
as Representative of the third congies>ional district of Ohio;
that while acting as attorney as aforesaid, affiant served a
notice by copv upon said Clement L. Vallandigham, per-
sonally, applying him of affiant's mtenuon to commence
taking depositions at the tune and place m snid notice men-
ntionrd; that said Clement Ij. Vallandigham refused to
accept the copy of said notice handed to him by affiant, be-
cause he (as lie then said) had served a notice upon Hon.
Lewi* I). Campbell of Ins intention to take depositions in
his own behalf, during a part of the time which would be
occupied in taking depositions under the notice so served
as atoiesaid bv affiant. Said Clement L. ValJandisham then
and there claimed that affiant, as attorney for said Campbell,
had no ri«ht to take depositions at the same time that he
(said Vallandigham) was taking depositions at another
place, in his own behalf; and thereupon gave affiant notice
that for that iea on he would not appear or cioss-examine
any witnesses examined by affiant under said notice, in
behalf of said Campbell. Said notice, with the time and
manner of the service of the same appended thereto, was
filed, with the depositions taken before Hon. 1). W. Iddings,
Mayor of the city of Dayton, in the said county of Mont-
gomery ; and fuitber this deponent saith not.
gFLETCHER P. CUPPY.
Sworn to before me by Fletcher P. Cuppy, and by him
subscribed, in my presence, this lsith day of Febru-
[l. s.] ary, A. D. 1858. Witness my hand and seal of office
on the day and year last aforesaid.
LUTHER B. BRUEN,
Notary Public, Montgomery county, Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The statement of Mr.
Cuppy is corroborated, to some extent, by the
testimony which he took. The contestant never
did appear, in person or by attorney, to cross-ex-
