1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sary expenses must greatly exceed the amount
allowed him by law, I cheerfully and earnestly
* recommend thatan additionalallowance be made."
* That is all founded on the peculiar fitness of Lhe
man,as I understand it,and not on the character
of the office. I have seen enough of the danger of
legislating on any such ground, to convince me of
the impropriety of ever sanctioning a paymenton
account of the individual characteristics of a man
filling an office. The office ought to be paid in
proportion to the character of the duties, and the
compensation requisite for their proper perform-
ance, and not in reference to the individual who
happens to occupy it.
Mr. HUNTER. I concur entirely with what
the Senator from Delaware has said. I know this
Mr. Hoibrook; I believe he is a capital special
agent; he deserves all that has been said in re-
gard to his personal merits; but I alsoknow what
is to be the consequence of increasing the pay of
this particular individual in this district. We
shall have to increase in al! the other districts.
At the next session we shall have propositions
to put other districts on an equal footing, where
there are other capital special agents in the em-
ployment of the Post Office Department. If this
is done, I know we shall have to increase their
pay also. I think what the Senator from Del-
aware says is perfectly true, that it is not right
to raise the pay to an ofiice which is to be per-
-manent merely because it happens to be filled by
an individual who is particuiaily meiitonous.
Mr. BIGLER. I am sorry to differ with the I
honorable chairman of the Post Ofiice Committee
on this subject. I have the highest appreciation
of the capacity of this officer; and he has very
great experience and performs valuable service;
but I think the objections interposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware arc conclusive. I do not
know how to vote to increase the compensation
of this officer, and refuse an increase to the same
class of officers 111 other parts of the country. It
may be that in the city of New York the expenses
are higher than in certain country districts; but
the application of those agents who travel through
new countries, exposed to the inclemency of the
season, travelingm small coaches,enduring hard-
ships day and night, to my mind is a stronger
claim for additional compensation than that pre-
sented in the case of Mr. Hoibrook. It may be,
and 1 think it is, true that the compensation for
these agents is too low. Tliey are subjected to
constantexpense, and to great labor. They ought
to be men of very high character, men of integ-
rity and capacity, and ought to be sufficiently
compensated. My objection is to the discrim-
ination. Whilst I would be very glad to, gyve
Mr. Hoibrook the increased amount proposed, I
could not deny it to others, if it be right to give
it to him.
Mr. CLARK. I think there is another objec-
tion more fatal than that which has been stated
to this proposition, and it is this, that it puts the
pay upon the price of grub. It proposes to give
this man an additional compensation because he
is employed in a place where the cost of living is
high. Suppose at the end of six months he is
changed to a place where living is cheap: do you
cut him down then ? Suppose you change his
place, and put him where living is cheap, and
put another man in his place in New York, where
living is high: then you "will have to raise that
man. I think that is a worse basis than that of
the gentleman from Delaware. I oppose it on
both grounds.
Mr. FOOT. I shall vote for this amendment.
- I think it eminently just and proper. I do not
place it, however, m giving my vote for it, on the
ground of personal favoritism, and I hardly think
it proper that this proposed amendment should
be prejudiced by that charge.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not say this was per-
sonal favoritism, but I said the basis of the pro-
posed increase of compensation was incorrect.
Mr. FOOT. I have known Mr. Hoibrook for
a long time, and known him, as he is known
to the country, as a most faithful and valuable
public officer. He has recovered more money
from depredators upon the mails, than the whole
amount which has been paid to him during his
official seiVice of fourteen years. But, sir, as I
said in the outset, I do not vote for this amend-
ment on the ground of his efficiency and fidelity
as an officer. His district is a larger one, and a
much more populous one, than that of any other
special agentin the PostOffice service. His head-
quarters are at the city of New York, perhaps
the mostexpensive place of living: within the Uni-
ted States The present compensation, I under-
stand from the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Ofiice and Post Roads, is two dollars
per day. No Senator here need be told that the
expenses of a person residing in New York ne-
cessarily much exceed that sum. I am willing to
allow him a sum sufficient to cover his necessary
expenses, and I think this addition to the present
compensation will do no more than that. From the
reading of the amendment, I do not construe it,
or understand it, as applying merely to the present
incumbent of the office. It is to be a permanent,
continuing compensation to whoever may here-
after fill it, m consideration of the largeness of
the district, the greater amount of business in it 1
than in any other special district with in the United
States, and the greater expense of living in it.
Upon these considerations, aside from the fidel-
ity and high character of the present incumbent
; of the office, I shall vote for this amendment, as
| necessary to cover the expenses he must neces-
sarily incur.
| Mr. STUART. If 1 could be satisfied that
i there was a necessity for a special agent/or the
city of New York alone, I would vote to put one
there, and put him on the pay that every other
agent gets; but I make a very different inference
from what the Senator fiom Vermont [Mr. Foot]
docs, m this case, from the size of this gentle-
man's district. That is the clearest evidence in
the world to me that there is very little to do there.
In many States of this Union a special agent is
requited for a single State, with additional service
besides. The agent for the section of country in
which 1 live has Michigan, Wisconsin,and Min-
nesota under his charge. It is a large district: it
it is more than any one man can well attend to.
That agent is on the move all the time, and for a
gioat portion of the time night and day. He is l;
considered by the Department to be one of the ;
best agents in the United States; and as an evi- !
dence of it, I may mention that1 he scarcely ever i
comes here to report himself, that he is not sent i
on special service to Illinois, Ohio, Indiana, or .
| some other State, and yet he receives only the ,
I payment that is allowed by law.
; I agree with what has been so welHfaid by the
i Senator from Delaware and others, as to the pol-
1 icy of this proposition; and I say, also, that the
; size of this gentleman's district is pi oof that there
; is not much to do in the district. It consists of
j New York and all New England. Why, sir, if
! he was on service in some of the western and
I southwestern States, he could have no such sized
I district. He may occasionally have to reside in
[ New York for a considerable length of time, and
| to pay his expenses there; but I would rather, in
j those cases, have an account made up at the end
■ of the year, and pay a specific sum for expenses,
letting Congress know what had been the expense
for a particular service; but I cannot agree that
an agent for the State of New York and the New
England States is to stay in New York city all
the time. I cannot believe that. i
While I am up, I wish to say that the arrange- j
merits which are made at the Post Office Depart- \
ment upon this class of subjects do not meet my j
judgment. Take the route agents: they classify '
them upon the eastern roads as of the first class, j
and pay them £1,000 a year, though they do not I
peiform half the service, and have not half the :
responsibility, of the agents on the western roads, i
who are considered of the second class, and get j
eight or nine hundred dollars a year. A route
agent from here to Philadelphia is of the first ;
class, and gets $1,000 a year; while a route agent !
who ioes over the western roads three hundred
miles is of the second class, though he goes
through more population than there is between
here and Philadelphia, and has ten times the
amount of labor to perform. \
Mr. COLLAMEIl. This does not relate to !
mail agents. j
Mr. STUART. I understand that, but I am j
alluding to the classification made in the Post Of- >
fice Department, and made by clerks. As Colo- |
nel Benton once said, if you send to a Department ;
for an opinion you get the opinion of some sub- j:
ordinate clerk; sir, it is Gil Bias when you are |
done. It is such a letter as you can get a clerk to li
write. I say the evidence.that is offered here for
the purpose of sustaining this application is not
evidence of great merit, in my judgment. There
are no facts in it. What is the evidence that is
presented to Congress in the letter which has been
read of the great service of this officer? None at
all, unless the statement that he is a very valua-
ble agent, and has to spend a good deal of his time
in the city of New York.
Mr. YULEE. That is not the letter.
Mr. STUART. I have heard it read twice.
Mr. YULEE. The papcrsigned by the judges?
Mr. STUART. I have not heard any letter
read from the courts. I am prepared to say of
this man, as gentlemen who know him here say,
that he is a man of first order. That is clear; but
so is the agent of whom I speak, and I venture
to say that his service is four times as onerous
as the service of this agent. He is obliged to ridtf
day and night in stages, in buggies, on horseback,
and to go afoot over the country to perform his
business, and he is not at home four weeks in the
year. It is very clear that if you commence to in-
crease this compensation on any such suggestions-
as these, there is no end to it, and no justice in it.
I am not prepared to say that the whole service
ought not to be increased; I do not think myself
the pay for this class of service is as high as it
ought to be, and I would vote to increase it'as
a whole; but I am not willing to make a special
exception of this case.
Mr. YULEE. I will only say that the com-
mittee thought they might safely trust to the dis-
cretion of the Department, and that it was pru-
dent to adopt the opinion and recommendation of
the Postmaster General upon a subject of this
kind. That is all I have to say.
Mr. CLINGMAN. In order that this provis-
ion,!}" it passes, may not go into a precedent, I pro-
pose to amend the amendment by adding to it the
words:
j For the especial reason that his district is larger, and life
! duties more laborious than those of other offices of the same
j grade.
! I have observed that most increases of salary,
' since I have been in Congress, have occurred in
j this way: some particular individual has great
| merit; he does hard work; his salary is increased
I on that account, and then, at the next session,
, all others who peiform similar services are put
| up. Now, if the Senate is disposed to increase
; the salary of these officers, I hope the reason for
| doing so will appear in the law, so that it may
j not be a precedent hereafier for increasing the
: pay of other officers. I shall vote against the
i increase, whether my amendment be adopted or
not. I do not affirm that the reasons which it
assigns are true; but I understand that they are the
reasons given by those who press the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I do not say that the district is
larger, but that it is more populous than any other.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I hope the Senate
will modify my amendment to meet his view.
Mr BAYARD. I have very little doubt that
as regards the route agents, there is no class of
officers under this Government who are more un-
derpaid in proportion to the hazard of life and the
degiee of character and integrity necessary for
the proper performance of the duties on most of
the mam routes. That, however, is not the ques-
tion before us. These officers are special agents
of the Post Office Department, and the recom-
mendation is to increase the salary of one of the
class. If I am not wrongly informed, the Post-
master General can district these agents as he
pleases. They are special agents; they have no
particular assigned duties under any law, but the
Postmaster General uses them for one district or
another in his discretion. He may enlarge or he
may d iminish their disti icts and their duties as he
sees fit. He is simply authorized to appoint a
certain number of special agents, and he employs
them as he thinks proper. The result of this
proposition, ho we ver, is simply to increase the pay
of a single individual, one of the class, and the
effect will be to affect the whole class hereafter.
One of these agents, owing to a particular degree
of favor, may get his compensation increased, and
his duty may be diminished the next day. The
Postmaster General may dimmish the duties at
anytime he pleases. There is no law which pre-
scribes any specific duties to these officers. They
are special agents to be employed in any quarter
of the country in which the Postmaster General
