1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General, to
arrange and dispose of the public buildings in the
city of Philadelphia, so as to best accommodate
the several United States offices in that city.
Mr. ENGLISH. It will be seen, from the read-
ing of the resolution, that it directly prohibits the
incurringof any expense beyond the appropria-
tion already made. It simply authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the rostmaster General,
and the Attorney General, to arrange the public
buildings in Philadelphia, so as best to conduce
to the public service. There can be no objection
to the passage of the joint resolution. I under-
stand that it meets the approval of every member
from that city; and unless some member from that
city desires to speak, I hope the previous question
will be seconded.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. There has
been some difficulty in Philadelphia in regard to
the proper location of the post office, and various
expedients have been resorted to for its equitable
adjustment. After trying every other expedient,
this expedient has been adopted. It meets with
" the unanimous concurrence of the whole delega-
tion ; and, I believe, it is the only just, effectual,
and proper means to settle this question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ENGLISH called for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which thejointresolution was passed ;.and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE BUILDINGS.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Officc and Post Roads, repoired a bill pro-
viding for certain public buildings for post office
and other Government purposes; which was road
a first and second time, referred to the Commii-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
LIGHTING TI-IE WASHINGTON MALL.
Mr. GOODE,from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, icported a bill for lighting, with
gas, certain streets across the Mali; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
EXTENSION OF PUBLIC GROUNDS.
On motion of Mr. GOODE, it was
Ordered, That the ComnmU'e for the District of Colum-
bia be di-.ohai\'0(j from the luither consideration of the pe-
tition of W. I/ickey and others, asUms; that certain ques-
tion^ relative to the extension of the Capuol grounds he
deci(K*d. and that the same be referred to the Committee on
Public Beddings and Giounds.
BENEVOLENT CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill No.
97 to incorporate the Benevolent Christian Asso-
ciation of Washington city.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear that bill.
Mr. GOODE. It has all the restrictive clauses
which are usually contained in acts of incorpora-
tion passed by Congress. The committee are of
the opinion that the Senate bill should be passed,
and I bow ask that it be put on Us passage.
The bill was read in extenw.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the bill allow this asso-
ciation to hold real estate?
Mr. GOODE. It does to a limited extent. It
provides merely for the incorporation of a chari-
table institution.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask this other
question, whether the real estate acquired is to be
held in perpetuity? Is this association permitted
to hold the property they may acquire IMfini- <'
turn ? |
Mr. GOODE, This bill proposes merely to in- \
corporate this association, and it will be an asso-
ciation of ihe religious institutions of the to\yn.~
U Is th*-  incorporatjoo of p. chnritnhlo society with
the usual restrictive provisions, and with the right
in Congress to repeal the act in its discretion.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that. But this
real estate is to be vested in the corporation, and
there is no provision"as to the extent of time for
which it shall be held. It is a perpetuation in
this corporation of real estate to the amount of
$200,000, and personal property to an indefinite
amount. I think that the principle is a bad one.
Mr. GOODE. The charter is subject to repeal
at the discretion of Congress. It is "a mere char-
itable institution, and nothing more.
Mr. POTTLE. Have the churches of this city
petitioned for this bill ? What petitions are on file
asking for it ?
Mr. GOODE. They were furnished to the Sen-
ate, and these religious societies had a represent-
ative before the committees of the two Houses in
the person of a distinguished individual, who
asked for this bill.
Mr. POTTLE. From each of the churches ?
Mr. GOODE. No, sir; one gentleman repre-
senting the several churches.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
R. U. RICHARDS.
Mr. GOODE, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a joint resolution (S. No. 9) for the
compensation of R. R. Richards, late chaplain of
the United States penitentiary, for his salary to
the 30th of June, 1857; which was laid on the
table, and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
GONZAGA COLLEGE.
Mr. GOODE, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with an amendment, an act (S. No.
76) to incorporate Gonzagu College, in the city of
Washington, and District of Columbia.
Mr. GOODE The amendment reported by the
committee is to strike out " $500,000," and insert
" *200,000."
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill.
Mr. GOODE, (interrupting.) I would state to
the House that this is an ordinary bill for the in-
corporation of a college with a capital stock of
$200,000, as recommended by the amendment,
with the usual lestrictive clauses as to stock, and
the responsibility of corporators for debts of the
corporation. I move that the further reading of
the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the bill.
The amendment recommended by the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
Mr. SCALES, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that itdo not pass, an act (S. No. 151)
further to amend an act entitled " An act to in-
corporate the Provident Association of Clerks in
the civil Departments of the Government of the
United States in the District of Columbia;" and
moved that the bill be laid upon the table, and
that the report bo printed.
The report was read.
Mr. CHAFFEE. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, whether the Senate
did not pass this bill unanimously and without a
division; and whether the same facts were not be-
fore the Senate as were before the committee of
this House? I would inquire, further, whether
the section of the charter referred to in the report
as containing vested rights, was not altered by a
subsequent act of Congress—the act of 1836 ?
Mr. SCALES. I know nothingof the circum-
stances under which the bill passed the Senate;
nor is it material here.
With regard to the section of the charter which
we think gives these vested rights, itsimply says
that if this charter shall expire otherwise than by
its own limitation, then the children of deceased
parents shall be entitled to all the proceeds of the
association; there shall be a general division of
the proceeds.
Now, I do not know what course the Senate
took in reference to this bill, and I do not think
it mateiuil. Nor can I answer the gentleman ay
to whether that clause has ever been amended. I
do not know tha* it over has been. All I do know
is, that the clause is there, and we acted accord-
ingly.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether that clause has not been superseded by-
subsequent legislation ?
Mr. SCALES. Not as we understood it.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I understand it has, and I
simply wanted to get at that fact.
The bill was then laid upon the table; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
LAMP-POSTS IN GEORGETOWN, D. C.
Mr. SCALES, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution relative to the erection of
lamp-posts in Georgetown, District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committete of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION.
Mr. BURNETT, from the same committee,
reported back,with a unanimous recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 99) to amend the
act to incorporate the Columbia Institution for the
instruction of the deaf and dumb and the blind,
approved February 16, 1857; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a memo-
rial in favor of the repavement of Pennsylvania
avenue and of a railroad through that avenue,
made an adverse report on the first prayer of the
memorial, but recommending the laying down of
a specimen of iron pavement, and, in reference to
the latter prayer of the memorial, reported a bill
in relation to a railway through Pennsylvania av-
enue, in the District ot'Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON CEMETERY.
Mr. BOWIE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to authoiize the vestry of Washing-
ton parish to take and inclose certain parts of
streets in Washington city for the purpose of ex-
tending the Washington cemetery, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the bill be put on
its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VERMONT.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, without amendment,
Senate bill (No. Ill)'to alter the times of holding
the circuit and district courts of the United States
for the district of Vermont.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to put that bill
on its passage. It provides for nothing but to
change the time for holding the United States
courts in Vermont. It meets, as I understand,
the approval of the judiciary and the bar there.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN UTAH.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, icported back joint resolution (S.No.
23) providing for the payment of certain expenses
of holding the United States courts in the Terri-
tory of Utah.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose also to put that
joint resolution on its passage. Gentlemen will
see, on its reading, the importance of its imme-
diate passage.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that ail the expenses of the courts ill
Utah during the continuance of the disturbance
in that Teiritory, shall be paid out of the judici-
ary fund, subject to the present limitations of law
in respect to fees, &c.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
PROCESSES IN THE COURTS.
:| Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
1: Judiciary, reported back Senate bill (No. 36) to
