THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOtfE.
June 10.
chooses to employ them. I think the principle
unsound, of taking one out of the class, on the
ground of personal qualification, and raising his
salary. If an increase is required, raise the sal-
ary of all of them.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the vote.
Tlteamendmentof Mr. Cungman to the amend-
ment of the Post Office Committee was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the committee, and they were
ordered.
Mr. KING. I know the gentleman whose sal-
ary it is now proposed to increase, and I know
nim to be a most skillful and valuable agent, and
if I could vote to increase the salary of any of
these agents, I would vote* to increase his. There
is also, however, another agent in New York who
is a very meritorious and a very valuable officei—
*Mr. North,
Mr. YULEE. He is not a special agent.
Mr. KING. I think he is an agent for ferret-
ing out frauds on the Post Office, and he travels
as Mr. Holbrook does.
Mr. YULEE. I think there is only one special
agent for NewYork and the New England States.
Mr. KING. Until very recently, certainly, Mr.
North was m commission and traveling as such,
and he, too, is a most intelligent and skillful and-
active man. If I did not believe that this prop-
osition, if agreed to, would be made a ground for
asking for an increase of salary of all the other
officers of this class, f do not know but that I
might vote for this amendment. I think, how-
ever, the remarks of the Senator from Delaware
are a true guide in these matters, and I shall be
governed by them.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot vote for this amend-
ment, because, if we increase the pay of this offi-
cer, the result will be that we shall have to in-
crease the pay of all of them. Every mail agent
in the United States will be here by petition,
urging the same thing. They will show thai they
have performed a great deal more labor than this
man ever did; that while they have smaller dis-
tricts, they have traveled in stage coaches day and
night, in bad weather, and put up at country ho-
tels, where they are badly treated, and have un-
dergone all sorts of fatigue and wear and tear of
body and mind. They will make out a strong
case. As to the argument that the gentleman lives
in New York, where the expense of living is high,
I have only to say that if he stays iheiu he ought
to be dismissed. There can be no imporfantdu-
ties for him to perform that ought to keep him in
the city of New Yoik, at any tmi", longer than n
week. He ought to be traveling; he ought to be
attending to the duties of his office. Everybody
knows that in New York and the New England
States you can travel with greatfaciiity and com-
fort. There is no part of the continent where a
man can travel so comfortably. They have the
best railroads on this continent, certainly, and
the easiest chairs. This officer travels for noth-
ing. it is all humbug to talk about his expenses
being higher than those ofother officers elsewhere.
Everybody knows that people live in New Eng-
land almost for nothing—live almost for the mere
sake of living. [Laughter] To talk about paying
this man two dollars adc\y more to keep him from
starving is all nonsense.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays '25; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Oollamor, Dj\ou, Fessenden,
Foot, Fostfr,Gum, Ij^rlan, Johnson of Aikuusas, Seward,
Simmons, and Yulee —lk2.
IVAYS—Mesbf". Bayaid, Benjamin, Bi«ler, Brodenek,
JJiown. Clark, Clay, Climrman, Davis, Darker. Giecn,
Houston, IJuutPi", Jorie^, King, Mason, It<>id, Rice, Sinai t,
Thomson of Kentucky,Toombs, Trumbull, Wado, Wilson,
and Wright—2.").
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. The last of the amendments
which I have to offer from the Post Office Com-
mittee I now present:
Jlnd be it further enacted. That the Secietary of the Navv
l>e, and he hereby, aulhonzed and directed lo pay 13d ward
K. Collins and hi  associates the sum of $i47,730, the bal-
ance of appropi lations hereto lore made for transportation of
the xnaiMrom New Yoiklo Liverpool and back, and wi'h-
held by the Department at the quarterly payments made ou
the contract for that service ou the 30th ot June and Sep-
tember and the 3lst of Decumhei, l^oQ. and the 31st of
March and 30ih of June and September, IS37, respectively.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer an amendment to the
amendment:
Butthcie shall be deducted therefrom the sum of $Uo;GUU,
or so much as is owing to the United States tor advances
made to E. K. Collins and lus associates by act of Corigreds.
Mr. YULEE. There is no objection to that;
but I will state that I inquired of the Secretary
of the Navy whether it was necessary to make-
such a provision, and he told me that it was not;
that he would be able to protect the Government
without such a provision. I make no objection
to it, however.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish barely to state, that
this sum is ascertained, from the Secretary of the
Navy, to be the amount due.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. YULEE. It is proper that I should ex-
plain to the Senate,which I may doinavery few
words, the nature and object of the amendment.
After the loss of one of his steamers—I believe it
was the Pacific—Mr. Collins applied to the Navy
Department to know if he might be allowed to
substitute another steamer to take the mail in her
stead, until the Adriatic could be prepared for her
place in the line; and the Navy Department, by
dispatch, as well as by letter, informed him that
they agreed to accept the service by another boat,
in the stead of the one which was lost. Afterwards,
after some trips had been made, upon a sugges-
tion of the Postmaster General, the Secretary of
the Navy caused a deduction of half the pay to be
made, upon the ground that the quality of the ser-
vice was not as good as the contract contemplated.
The point was referred by the Secretary of the
Navy to the then Attorney General, Mr. Cushing,
who was of opinion that it was competent for
them to make that deduction; but Mr. Collins
knew nothing of that reference, or of that decis-
ion, and was not present to be heard. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, however, had not acted or
decided upon the opinion which Mr. Cushing ren-
dered, when he was suceeedod by the present
Secretary, who referred the subject again to the
Attorney General, with an argument from the
claimants. The present Attorney General, Mr.
Black, gave an opinion to the Department, which
is a very strong and very decided one, that they
were bound to pay, and that the contractors were
entitled to, the full pay stipulated in the contract,
and provided by the appropriation made by Con-
gress. Afterwards, the President, in a letter to
the Navy Department, of which I have a copy,
advised th<vSecretary of the Navy not to act upon
the subject, inasmuch as the question had arisen
under a preceding Administration, but to leave
the matter to be considered by Congress, or the
Court of Claims, as the party might prefer. It is
on that account that Mr. Collins lias been driven
to Congress.
I should add, that upon the occasion of an ad-
vertised sale of the steamers belonging to the Col-
lins line, the Navy Depaitment sought to inter-
pose, by an injunction against the sale, to protect
the hen of the United States for the amount re-
maining due, and to which the amendment of the
Senator from New York iclates. Judge Hall,
sitting in chancery, took up the whole subject,
went into the merits of the question, and decided
as the Attorney General had decided, that Collins
was entitled to the whole amount; that it was a
debt due by the Government; that there was nTT
authority to impose any further fine than the con-
tract imposed, which was a forfeiture of pay for
service not performed; and that the vessel having
been accepted by the Navy Department, whether
it had the right to do so or not, and all other offi-
cers of the Government having acted on the pre-
sumption that it had the right, there was an ob-
ligation on the part of the Government to pay
what the contract required. The committee have
felt themselves bound to report an amendment to
give effect to the opinion of the Attorney Gener-
al, and to the decision of the court sitting in chan-
cery, in New York, on this question.
Mr. HUNTER, I have read the opinion of
the Attorney General, which was shown to me
by my friend from Florida; it seems he has de-
termined that thi« money is due to Mr. Collins;
but it shows the improvident and reckless con-
tract into which we have entered with him. In
the first place, we entered into a contract with Mr.
Collins,, to be made by the Navy Depaitment,
under the idea that the ships were to be fitted for
war. All that turned out to be a delusion; they
p/oved to be utterly unfit for war purposes.
When the merits of the ships were confined to
being mail carriers, the Post Office Department
attempted to interpose when Mr. Collins substi-
tuted the Ericcson, which was a slower ship than
the others, and performed an inferior rate of ser-
vice; but it seems that the Post Office Department
could not interpose, because the contract was with
the Navy Department. There was no proviso
in it for forfeitures and fines, and that contract
does not require him to execute the service within
any particular time, so that he accomplishes so
many trips in the year. He may be twenty days,
if he wishes, and there could be no deduction. It
seems that in this everything is in his power.
He may fail for as many trips as he chooses, and
we can only deduct the compensation for those
particular failures. But, in regard to this matter,
I understand it to be the opinion of the Depart-
ment that the contract is a subsisting one. For
myself, I should say that he had failed to perform
the contract substantially, and that he has no
equitable right to insist on our continuing it. In
regard, however, to this point, I shall not argue
against the opinion of the Attorney General.
Mr. YULEE. I will say, in a single word,
that the point on which the whole case turned was
the fact that the Navy Department, without qual-
ification, accepted the new steamer as a substitute
for the other.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I have an amendment to offer,as
an additional section:
JJnd be it further enacted, That so much of the eighteenth
section of an act entitled*'An act to reduce the rates of
postage, to limit the use and correct the abus>e of the frank-
ing privilege, and for the pievention of frauds on the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department," approved March 3,
1845, as requires the advertisement of letters uncalled tor
m any post office to be nisei ted in the newspaper or news-
papers having the largest circulation in the town or place
where the post office advertising is situated, be, and the
same is hereby,lepealed ; and the Postmaster General shall
hereafter designate the newspaper or newspapers at eaeh
town or place where a post office is situated, in which such
! advertisement shall heieafter be made,
j Mr. HUNTER. I hope this \jall not be pressed.
> Here is a matter of positive legislation, and legis-
lation to which there will be objection and on
which there will be debate. This is certainly the
proper subject of a separate bill. It is enough for
me to say that such matters ought not to be intro-
duced in the appropriation bills at such a time as
this. It cannot be expected that we shall be pre-
pared, on this appropriation bill, to enter into the
merits of all the legislation that may be proposed
in regard to the Post Office Department, if it is
proper, there is other legislation which I should
like to make an effort, at least, to introduce; but,
believing that it is not appropriate in this case, I
have refrained from any such effort. I hope that,
without regard to any opinion which may be en-
tertained as to the particular merits of the meas-
ure proposed, we shall vote it down, as it is a
change m the geneial law of the country.
Mr. FITCH. The objection of the Senator
from Virginia docs not reach the merits of my
amendment. I do not know of any more proper
place for it. Perhaps it would be somewhat more
legitimate as a separate bill; but it simply proposes
to repeal certain provisions of the existing law,
relative to the Post-Olfice Department. There can
certainly be no impropriety in introducing the re-
peal of such laws here. The whole purpose is
to repeal that provision of the law of 1845 which
compels the post office advertising of uncalled for
letters to be given to the paper of the greatest cir-
culation in the immediate vicinity. The intent of
the law was well enough; but its practical effect
is altogether different from what the intent was.
It simply strengthens the strong, no matter how
that strength has been acquired; whether by a
healthy social moral and political tone or other-
wise. It compels others—there is that much of
politics in it—of politics opposite from those of the
paper to which the advertising is given, to take
that paper. They may be men of very little means
whose sole desire, perhaps, for a paper is for the
list of letters contained in it, to see if their own
names be included. It encourages, likewise,
struggles in some places between the publishers
of opposition newspapers, to increase their sub-
scription list by very unusual, if not very unfair
means, by adding to their list the names ofthose
who are not subscribers in the regular significa-
tion of that term, and sending the paper to them
on terms altogether different from those advertised
in their columns. It U well, in my estimation, to
