1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
justify the adoption of such an extreme measure, I
was the refusal by Congress, at any time thereafter, to |
admit a State into the Union because its constitution ■.
recognized slavery. The southern States finally I
united upon this Georgia platform; and theystand !
to-day pledged to sustain Georgia, and to resist j
to a dissolution of the Union the refusal by Con- j
gross to admit Kansas because of the existence of j
slavery in her constitution. !
When the Kan sas and Nebraska bill was passed, j
this doctrine of the right of the people m the Tor- '
ritories to establish a slave ora free State, and be J
admitted into the Union free from all congres- i
sionai interference, was adopted asafundamenfal ,
principle. That bill declares that Kansas, as well ,
as Nebraska, has the right of admission into the i
Union as a sovereign State, with or without sla- 1
very, accoiding to the legally-expressed will of,
the majority of her people. Kansas to-day pre-
sents herself at the door of this Hall with her con- !
stitution, and demands admission into the Union. >
Examine that constitution, Mr. Chairman, and !
you will find it republican in form. It has been j
legally adopted, and in the usual way. Why, j
then, this violent opposition to her admission into J
the Union as a sovereign State? It is because her \
constitution recognizes slavery as one of her domestic '
institutions, Wc have no right to go into any in- i
vestigationin referencetothatconstitution,further
than to inquire whether ot not it lias been legally \
adopted, and whether it be republican in form. i
To one acquainted with the history of congres- |
sionai legislation upon the admission of new States I
into the Union, it is not at ail surprising that this ,
opposition should be manifested to the admission i
of Kansas as a slave State. Objections have been i
interposed by the Republican party, and, strange '
to say, by a portion of the national Democracy.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him? |
Mr. SHORTER. No, sir; I do not intend to '
yield the floor to-day to friend or foe.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I supposed the gen- ;
tleman was willing to be corrected. [
Mr. SHORTER. I know the point the gen- j
tleman wishes to make. I am fully aware of the I
. special pleas that have been interposed by the hon-
orable gentleman himself, and those Democrats
who cooperate with him on this floor against the i1
admission of Kansas. They pretend that they do j
not base their opposition to Us admission upon j
the institution of slavery. But, looking to the j:
pa*t history of the country, I say I was not at ail
surprised at the manifestation of this feeling in
the House. Why, sir, when the State of Mis- \ \
sou i i offered herself for admission into this Union
with a pro-slavery constitution, wc find that her ;
application was violently opposed by thp North. :
What was the special plea interposed then? A ,
portion of the Free-Soil or Abolition party came \
out manfully and avowed their opposition to the ,
admission of any more slave States. I respect ,
them for their candor at least. They occupied no
doubtful ground. 1 know where the Republican
party now stands, and I cast down at their feet
my glove of defiance, and bid them
" Lay on, Macduff!"
But when Missouri applied, the objection urged I
by many northern men to heradmission, was^ as
is well known to this House, not because her con- ;
stitution tolerated slavery, but because it was con- j
tended that it was not republican in its J'uiin. Why I
was it not republican in its form? Turn to the !
debates upon this question, and you will discover i
that there was a clause in that constitution which j
conferred upon the Legislature of Missouri power !
to prevent the immigration into that State of free !
negroes. The North then urged that as a special :
('bjection to the admission of Missouri into the ,
Union, and contended that for that reason the con- j
stitution was not republican in itsform. I merely j
allude to this in order to show that there is al- !
ways some special plea interposed against the
admission of a slave State into the Union. Now 1
what has been the history of the North upon this !
question of free negro immigration since Missouri j
came in ? In perhaps a majority of the northern i
States to-day, you will find laws upon their stat- j
ute-books, excluding the immigration of free ne- '
groes, and yet the Representatives in Congress !
from those very States, when Missouri applied I
for admission, opposed and voted against it on j
the ground that the power to pass such a law was J
vested in her Legislature; and, therefore, they
contended the constitution was not republican in
form. It is well known that the State of Rhode
Island refused at first to adopt the Constitution of
the United States, and to come into the Union.
She afterwards applied, and was admitted. She
presented no constitution at all, but a mere charter
granted by the Crown of Great Britain, by King
Charles II., in which her people are spoken of as
"subjects, "and he hirtfself as their "sovereign."
And yet there was no special objection interposed
to the admission of Rhode Island because her
constitution was not republican in form. Rhode
Island was a northern, and Missouri a southern
slavehoiding State!
Before I undertake, Mr. Chairman, to answer
some of the objections which have been interposed
to the admission of Kansas into the Union with j
Tier present constitution, let me, for one moment, j
propound to this House the inquiry, what will be 1
the eficct of the rejection by Congress of the ap- j
plication of Kansas foradmission into the Union?
Can you remand her to a territorial condition ? I
contend not. Kansas is either to-day a sovereign
independentState,orsheisaTerritory. If a Ter-
ritory, Congress has not the power under the Con-
stitution to admit her into the Union. The Con-
stitution limits that power to the admission of
new States; Congress has no power to create States;
it must be a sovereign State before it can be ad-
mitted into the Union. When the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill was passed, you conferred upon the
people of those Territories the legal right to form
a constitution and to be admitted into the Union.
The law embraced two distinct propositions: one
in favor of the people, giving them the right to
make a constitution and become a sovereign State;
by the other, you pledged the faith of Congress
to admit them into the Union. If the organicact,
establishing a territorial government for Kansas,
was, as I contend, an enabling act, then she is to-
day a sovereign independent State, and the Fed-
eral territorial officers should be instantly with-
drawn. She is a free, independent, sovereign
State, outside of the Union, and by the consent
of Congress.
Is the organic law in fact an enabling act? Does
it confer upon the people the right to form a con-
stitution to become a State? I say that it does
most clearly. It expressly gives them the power
" to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States." That is the position all
parties in the country have taken, until within a
very recent period. The President so construes
that law in his instructions to Governor Walker;
that is the construction given to it by Walker
himself in his inaugural address in Kansas. The
same construction was given it by the Republican
party m this House, because, at the last session
of Congress they voted for Kansas under theTo-
peka constitution, thereby recognizing' the right
in her people to form a constitution and to become
a State. The members of the Republican party
lately m the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, the
Legislature known as the Stanton Legislature,
by resolutions, expressly affirmed this doctrine.
I will read from these resolutions:
Whereas, in the spring of 18."5 the first Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Kansa-' was by force and violence
sri^ed upon by people foreign ro our soil, and a code of laws
enacted highly unjust and oppre^ive, and calculated to
(hive olf or enslave the actual settlers of saidTeiritory, and
to fix upon them an institution revolting to a targe majonty
of the honi jide citizen* rf the Territory; and whereas, to
avoid civil war. and a> the only peaceful alternative, resell-
ing a<5 ihcy did, that the ptineiple roimaliy enunciated m
an act organizing the Teintorie< of Nebraska and Kansas
vs ould fully authoi ize and sustain them in their movement,
the people ot *aid Terntory did pioceed to call a conven-
tion tu frame a State constitution."
There it will be seen that the Republicans in
Kansas admit that the people have the power, un-
der the organic act, to call a convention and frame
a State constitution. The prominent men of all
parties have uniformly given that construction to
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Even the father of it,
(as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] is
sometimes called,) in his Springfield speech, de-
livered only a short time before the election ofdel-
egates to the constitutional convention, indorsed
that construction, and went further, and stated
that the law under which the delegates were about i
to be elected was "just and fair in all its objects
and provisions.'" He said:
*e Kansas is about to speak for herself through her dele-
! gates, assembled in convention to form a constitution, pre-
t paratory to her admission into the Union on an equal footing
: with the original States. Peace and prosperity now prevail
j throughout her borders. The law under which her delegates
• are about to be elected is believed to be just and fair iri all
1 its objects and provisions. There is every reason to hope
and believe that the taw will be faitly interpreted and im-
partially executed, so as to insure to every borutfide inhab-
itant the free and quiet exorcise of the elective franchise.
" If any portion of the inhabitants, acting under the ad-
vice of political leaders in distant States, shall choose to
absent themselves fiom the polls, and withhold their votes,.
with a view of leaving the free-State Demociatsin a minor-
ity, and thus securing a pro-slavery constitution, in oppo-
sition to the wishes ot the majority of the people living under
it, Jet the responsibility rest on*those who, for partisan pur-
poses, will sacrifice the principles they profess to cherish
and promote. Upon them, and upon the political party for
whose benefit, and under the direction of whose leaders,
they act, let the blame be visited of fastening upon the peo-
ple of a new State institutions repugnant to their feelings,
and in violation of their wishes. The organic act secures
to the people of Kansas the sole and exclusive right oftoim-
mg and regulating their domestic institutions to suit theni-
!>el\o>, subject to"no other limitation than that which the
Constitution of the United States imposes. The Democratic
party is determined to see the great fundamental principle
ot the organic act carried out in good faith. The present
election law in Kansas is acknowledged to be fair and just.
The rights of the voters are clearly defined, and the exer-
cise of those rights will be efficientlyand scrupulously pro-
tected. Hence, if the majority of the people of Kansas
desire to have it afree State, (and we are told by the Repub-
lican party that nine tenths of the people of that Territory
are fiec-Statemen,) there is no obstacle in the way of bung-
ing Kansas into the Union as a free State by the votes and
voice of her own people, and in conformity with the great
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska act; provided all the
free-State men will go to the polls and vote their principles,
in accordancc with their professions. If such is not the Je-
suit let t he consequences be visited upon the heads of those
whose policy it is to produce strife, anarchy, and bloodshed
in Kan&as, that their party may piofit by slavery agitation
in the noithem States of this Union."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to
file a caveat for my party. It gave no such con-
struction to that act 
Mr. SHORTER. I cannot yield the floor to the
gentleman from Kentucky, as my time is short..
I do not hear, from my position, what he says.
This,Mr. Chairman, is no now theory of mine.
Let me refer to the past history of the country on
this question. It is well known that the State of
Indiana, after an enabling act was passed author-
izing her to form a constitution, preparatory to
heradmission into the Union, wenton to form that
constitution; and prior to the assembling of C©n-
gress she absolutely nominated herelectors. The
presidential election came on, and she voted fora
presidential candidate before she was admitted
into the Union under any declaratory act. Her
votes were received and counted in this Hall. Mr.
Hendricks, a Representative from that State at
the time, took his seat in the House, and voted as
a member prior to the passage of any declaratory
act formally bringing her into the Union Many
of the ablest statesmen in Congress, at that day,
took theground that the enabling act itself brought
her into the Union whenever they complied with
its provisions, and adopted a constitution which
was republican in form. The State of Ohio is a
member of the Union to-day. Under what law ?
Can any member from that State point his finger
to an act of Congress declaring Ohio to be a State
of this Union ? Was there an act passed formally
admitting her as a State? None, sir. It was only
when Louisiana, a southern State, applied for
admission into the Union, that the doctrine was
advanced that it was necessary to have a declar-
atory act passed to bring her in. Why was that
done? Louisiana had a constitution republican
in form. .No objection was made to it upon that
ground. But the North wanted to prohibit thaC
State from ever levying taxes on the commerce of
the Mississippi river; and Congress, therefore, for
the first time passed a declaratory actf admitting
Louisiana, and securing to the North the free nav-
igation of the Mississippi.
Let uslookat the debates on the question when
Missouri applied foradmission. Mr. Lowndes,
andMr.Clay, the distinguishedfatherof the mem-
ber from Kentucky who sits near me, took the
same ground on the admission of Missouri into
the Union. Speaking on this very identical ques-
tion, and contending that Missouri was a sover-
eign independent State outside of the Union, Mr.
Lowndes said:
" Tf you look at the course which Congress lias puisued
hitherto, it will be found that, on elevating Territories from
the giadc and dependence of a terri tonal government, Con-
gress has done no more than emancipate them from its eon-
UOl. On doing this, said Mr. L , yon have leserved nothing
like an authonty to remand them to their colonial condition.
You have determined, in such case, by the act of allowing
