2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
useful adjunct of the postal administration. The
carriers employed are not boys, as the Senator
from Virginiasupposed; theyare men,and obliged
to be men, because they are required to give bond,
with good security, for the faithful performance
of their duties; and thus, all the letters which pass
out of the daily custody of the postmaster go into
the hands of a person who is under bond to the
Government to return them safely if the owner
is not found. It is an important protection to
the people; and I think we ought not hastily to
repeal that legislation, or to make other legisla-
tion that would in effect repeal it; and this would
do so.
It seems that in Brooklyn some dispute has
grown up by which a personal feeling has arisen
with some persons against the carrier employed
by the Government, in favor of a rival carrier, who
proposed to do the business on private account;
and he has gotten up a letter, signed by his own
constituency, addressed to the postmaster, re-
questing the delivery of their letters to him, that
he may serve as their carrier. The purpose of
the amendment, if I understand the Senator from
Ngw York, is to enable them to carry that into
effect. If you do that, of course you break down
entirely the carrier system, and bring into rivalry
with it private organizations, which may or may
not be safe. I think the subject is one that ought
not to be lightly handled, and that it had better
pass over, and come up for consideration at the
next session in the bill of the Senator from Ver-
mont, when we can deliberately consider what is
advisable, and adopt such further legislation as
may then be deemed proper.
Mr. KING. I have modified my amendment
by inserting the words " and unlawfully" before
the word " detain," which would authorize a post-
master to refuse to deliver anything which the laws
of the State prohibited from circulating in that
State.
Mr. YULEE. I will state, as a further reason,
which did not occur to me when I was up before,
that the Attorney General has given a formal
opinion on this subject, which has only been re-
ceived within the past few days, and came into
the Senate with his reply to the resolution of the
Senator from California. It is now in manuscript,
and has not been printed; and I think it would be
well that the Senate should have an opportunity
to see the opinion of the Attorney General before
we act upon the subject.
Mr. KING. I have seen that opinion, and it
is a clear, decided opinion in favor of the con-
struction which the Postmaster General gives to
his authority to make regulations. There is noth-
ing in the letter of the law sanctioning it, and the
regulation is a modern one. The issue is fail ly
and clearly made. There is no equivocation or
impropriety in the manner in which the Postmas-
ter General has presented this question. lie has
answered the resolution frankly and promptly.
He sustains the local postmaster in refusing to
deliver a paper or package. I thmk it better that
the original law should be retained, and that is
the wish of the parties on whose petition and re-
quest I have offered this amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I am entirely at a loss, on
reading this section over for the third time, to find
what possible objection can be made to it. It pro-
vides simply for the punishment, as an offense,
by a fine of not more than $100, the refusing to
deliver, in office hours, mail matter justly due to
any citizen of the United States. I think itis in-
capable of being abused. If the law is not perfect
now, it ought to be, and this is the way in which
we generally perfect all our laws. I do not see
any possible objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
vote.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose I can
change the opinions of anybody, but really it is
singular to me that there should be opposition to
this amendment, the object of which is to avoid
what is regarded as a species of extortion. In
the cities where there are letter carriers, the De-
partment construes the lav/ in such a way, that it
will not send out letters by any other than the reg-
ular carriers. If I live a mile from the post office
and give an order to my servant to go and get a
letter for me, he cannot bring it, because the De-
partment say it must be brought by the regular
carrier. They say it interferes with their arrange-
ments for their carriers.
Mr. HUNTER. The carriers for the cities are
created by law, the same as we create other mail
carriers. We have the same right to say that
they shall carry letters in the cities as that letters
shall be carried from here to Chicago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that the Senator
from Virginia will hardly sanction that construc-
tion if he reflects on the inconvenience of it. The
mail arrives in the city and it takes the carrier
some time to get to you. I suppose if I went for
a letter myself to the post office, the postmaster
would be bound to deliver it to me. But suppose
it is not convenient for me to go, are we prepared
to sanction a regulation which compels me to wait
for the regular carrier. Perhaps the law will not
justify it; I am not quarreling on that point.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator from Virginia. The law is n&t as he stated
it. It is not true that the postmaster can compel
every person to receive his letters at the office
himself or through the letter carriers. He only
sends by the letter carriers the letters addressed
to those people who have not left a written order
to keep them at the office. Everybody hasaright
to have his letters kept in the office and not sent
by the letter carrier.
Mr. YULEE. That is the law. I will read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I understand how
it is. The Postmaster General admits that a per-
son may retain his letters at the post office. As
the Senator from Vermont says, they need not be
delivered to the letter cairier; but the Postmaster
General denies the right of parties to receive their
letters from any other carrier—not that he cannot
keep the letter in the office. The case I was
stating, was that of a gentleman who resides a
mile from the post office in a city. He wishes to
get his letters. He must either go himself to the
post office, or receive them through the regular
carrier. That is what I object to; and it seems
to me that it cannot be the intention of the law to
throw such an obstacle as that in the way of the
delivery of letters. If that is the law, it ought
to be altered. I do not agree with the Attorney
General in his construction of the law. I do not
think it a fair construction. I am not disposed
to say a word about that now; but I think the law
does not justify the construction which the At-
torney General has put upon it. 1 think the Post-
master General is bound now to deliver a letter of
mine to the person I authorize, in writing, to re-
ceive it, if he is satisfied that he is the man; but still
they decide differently, and to remove that delect,
without inquiring whether the decision is right
or wrong, the easiest way is to do it by a provis-
ion of law. I thmk it is just and reasonable that
an individual should have authority to send whom-
soever he pleases to get bis letteis at the post
office, in regular office hours. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. YULEE. I will read the law: "When-
ever the same may be proper for the accommoda-
tion of the public in any city," the Postmaster
General is authorized " to employ letter carriers
for the delivery of letters received at the post of-
fice in said city, except such as the persons to
whom they are addressed may have requested in
writing addressed to the postmaster to bo retained
in the post office." The carriers, who are em-
ployed by the Government, give bond, and a cer-
tain postage is charged by them for the delivery
of the letters, and the fund thus produced is used
by the Postmaster General for the compensation
of the carriers in conducting the business. Now
the whole point which the Postmaster General
makes is this: that while the law, taking into the
hands of the Government the business of carry-
ing letters in the cities exists, and while by law
the i trects of towns for that purpose are made
post '-outes, private carriers shall not establish
themselves to defeat the purpose of the law; and
that the Attorney General decides he has a right
to see to. It may perhaps be advisable to mod-
ify the law in some respects. Those gentlemen
who reside in the large cities where this practice
is being chiefly employed, as it is supposed for
the public convenience, can judge best on that
point; but this is not the time or the place for such
a provision. We cannot consider it deliberativeiy
and properly. The Senator from New York may
be right; but he may be wrong. He differs with
the Department in his view of what is right. It
is better that we should give proper consideration
to the subject, and as there is a bill now on the
Calendar under which this whole subject will
come up appropriately, I submit whether it is not
better to postpone the consideration of the matter
until that time, instead of going on with it now?
Mr. KING. The amendment which I have
offered does not authorize the setting up of an
opposition carrier. It is simply designed to re-
quire the delivery of a letter to any person who
is known to the postmaster to be authorized to
receive it—that is, who produces an authority
which shall be proved to be the authority of the
party to whom it is addressed before the post-
master shall be required to deliver the letter. It
is, that when any person produces such author-
ity, the postmaster shall deliver the letter tohim.
I have no doubt, from my knowledge of the mode
it which this business is done, that it would be
perfectly impracticable for private parties, by vol-
unteer effort, to attempt to set up an opposition
carrier. The facilities of the Government by the
delivery of letters m packages to their carriers
would make it impossible for any person who
only got a letter ata time, as he called for it, ever
to make any opposition to the regular carrier. In
the city of Brooklyn, this regulation is more
strictly construed; so that the complaints which
come to me, are, that the postmaster there refuses
to deliver letters to persons who bring a written
order forthem, under the assumption that if they
are to go out to the party to whom they are ad-
dressed, they must go by the regular carriers, or
shall otherwise only be delivered to the party in
person. In the large cities there are a great many
people who are anxious to get their letters before
the carrier can bringthem to them; and this prop-
osition simply requires that, on producing the
authority of the person to whom it is addressed,
the letter shall be delivered to his agent.
Mr. BAYARD. We are falling rapidly into
the system of legislation on appropriation bills,
and on appropriation bills alone. We cannot
mature any proper system in that way. Now,
the honorable Senator from New York says that
it would not be practicable for persons to employ
a private carrier in derogation of the rights of the
PostOffice Departmenttoemploy public carriers.
The fact is that it is done. Individuals may com-
bine together, and the virtual effect of this prop-
osition would be to compel the postmaster to de-
liver letters to the person whom they might select,
no matter how employed, provided he had the
authority of the parties to whom the letters were
addressed. Private carriers do exist in many
cases where the Postmaster General has appointed
public carriers; and those private carriers receive
a very large number of letters, under written au-
thority fro"tn the persons to whom they are ad-
dressed. Thus they come in competition with
the public carriers. If your system of making
the post offices in the large cities a subject of Gov-
ernment action, and using public officers for the
purpose of distributing the letters is to be carried
out, you must prevent private individuals from
engaging in it as a business. If you want an
amendment of that kind, it ought to be coupled
with some further provision preventing persons
in those places where there is a public carrier em-
ployed from carrying on or engaging in the busi-
ness of private carriers; but if you do not connect
the two necessarily under this provision, the post-
master must run the hazard of an indictment if
he refuses to deliver a letter to any person who
chooses to call for it, no matter whether he is act-
ing contrary to the intent of the lav/ and interfer-
ing with the public carrier or not, for there is no
express ^jfovision to render it unlawful. It is
only unlawful because it is inconsistent with the
post office regulations, and the post office law,
which makes post routes of the streets of the large
cities.
Mr. KING. I said it would be impracticable,
and I think every Senator who examines it will
see that it would be for any person to set up any
extended system of carriers. A neighborhood of
half a dozen, or a dozen, perhaps, may do it in
that part of the district to which the carrier might
go last. These people may desire to have their
letters earlier than they would come by the regu-
lar carrier; but no great number of persons could
do this, because their agent could only obtain
their letters one at a time as he demanded them of
the postmaster, which would of itself produce a
