In
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 18,
the Territory to form a constitution, that, for certain pur-
poses, she is an independent State." ■* * * *
" Although the mere act lor the admission of a Territory
into the Union does not make her a State, inasmuch as her
acceptance of the offer is required, yet, at the moment that
she declares that it is expedient to form a constitution—at
that precise moment she acquires all the rights of a State.
4tThe people of Missouri, as of every other admitted State,
at that moment acquired rights which it is not competent
for the Legislature of this country—which it is not compe-
tent, upon the principles which we hold sacred, for any
• Legislature under Heaven to divest them of." * *
'*Bnt there was still stronger proof, in the case of Indi-
ana, of his position. In counting the votes tor President
and Vice President a Jew days after the above date, those
of Indiana, given before the passage of the declaratory
resolution, were received and counted. If a people may
rightfully, and even without objection, elect a Governor,
Legislature and judges; may elect and semi to Congress
Senators and Representatives; and, finally, m^yvote for
President and Vice President; upon what principle will it
be said that a people enjoying and exercising all these
rights, are not a State; or that to constitute them a State,
requires the further interposition of this House? He could
not admit it, he repeated."
Now, sir, I quote from Mr. Clay. He took an
active part in that discussion, and I will read a
short extract from his speech. He said:
" As to the condition of Missouri, he himself thought her
a State, with a perfect moial right to be admitted into the
Union, bur kept out for the want of acoremomou^aet winch
was deemed by others necessary to entitle herto admission.
Though, m hu> opinion, a State in fact, yet not being so in
form, iier votes could not be counted affording to form."
The question upon which Mr. Clay was speak-
ing, was whether or not the electoral vote of Mis-
souri should be received and counted. She had
undertaken, in imitation of the example set by
Indiana, to cast her vote for President and Vice
President before a " declaratory act" was passed
formally bringing her into the Union. The vote
of Indiana, a northern State, was received and
counted. But when Missouri offered her vote,
under similar circumstances, it was ruled out and
was not counted.
It is for these reasons, Mr. Chairman, that I
contend this Government has no right to remand
Kansas back to her territorial condition. You
can reject her application for admission if you
choose; you have the naked power to do it. But
when that deed is done, the important question
will arise, whether Kansas is not an independent
sovereign State outside of this Union ? 1 contend
• that she would be.
Mi. Chairman, as I said before, this opposition
to the admission of Kansas from the Republican
party does not take me by surprise at all. Hon-
orable members of that party, when interrogated
upon this floor, boldly tell us thut they would not
vote for the admission of Kansas as a slave State
into this Union if all her people desired that insti-
tution. Why, I ask, if that be their position, do
they come upon this floor, and interpose special
pleas, mere technicalities, to the admission of
Kansas ? They are arguments, I suppose, not ad-
dressed to their own party friends here, for they
stand as a unit upon thatqucstion, but addressed
to a certain wing of the northern Democracy on
this side of the Hall. While the opposition from
the Republican party does not astonish me 111 the
least, I must confess that I was taken somewhat
by surprise when I saw, at the beginning of this
session, in the Senate Chamber, the father of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill—the man who, above all
others in the North, the people of the South had
been accustomed to look to as the defender of their
constitutional rights, and whom they desired to
honor with the highest evidence of their confidence
—I say, I was amazed to see him abandon our
cause before the first gun was fired in the great
struggle now going on here over the application
of Kansas for admission into the Union. Not
satisfied with deserting his old party allies, like
the ancient Parthians, he threw his poisoned ar-
rows backwards as he iled. I repeat that I was
surprised to see him lead off in that direction, and
after him following a large portion of the northern
Democrats. That party had pledged itself sol-
emnly by the Kansas-Nebraska bill; had pledged
itself solemnly by the resolutions of the Cincin-
nati platform, that they would vote for the admis-
sion of Kansas as a free or a slave State, according
as its constitution might prescribe at the time of
application.
^ I have no time now to take up seriatim the spe-
cial arguments urged by the northern wing of the
Democratic party as justifying them in their pres-
ent opposition to the admission of Kansas. If
they truly represent the sentiments of their con-
stituents by the course they are pursuing in array-
ing themselves against the South and the admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan, let them stand where
they are. I do not want their votes unless they
reflect the opinion of the North.
In my judgment, Mr. Chairman, it was never
intended from the outset to give the South a fair
chance to make Kansas a slave State.
Mr. ADRAIN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him? Is the gentleman speaking of
northern Democrats?
Mr. SHORTER. I am speaking of the Repub-
licans, and also of those northern Democrats who
are opposed to the admission of Kansas as a slave
State, and who resort, a§ I think, to divers ii spe-
cial pleas" to defend their unnatural position.
Mr. ADRAIN. I, as a northern Democrat, am
opposed to the Lecompton constitution,-yiotupon
the ground of slavery, but upon the ground that
the right of the people to self-government, as guar^
antied to them by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, has
not been respected, as I intend to shpw the first
opportunity I can get.
Mr. SHORTER. I fully understand the de-
fenses the gentleman will set up for himself, and
those anti-Admmistration Democrats who act
with him. They have a number of objections
against the 'Lecompton constitution: that there
was no enabling act; that the whole constitution
was not submitted to the people; that the conven-
tion itself was not fairly constituted; and that the
question of slavery was not fairly submitted to
the people of the Territory. But none of those
objections did I hear urged by any Democratfrom
the North until it was ascertained that the Black
Republicans of that Territory, lefusing to vote,
had rendered it a moral certainty that a constitu-
tion would come here tolerating slavery. But,
sir—to resume where I left off when the gentle-
man interrupted me—I say it was never the inten-
tion of the North to give the South a fair chance
to make Kansas a slave State. They organized
emigrant aid societies immediately after the bill
was passed, and emptied their surplus vagrant
population into the Territory to '• shriek1' and
vote for free-soil. Look to the appointment of
the several Governors for that Territory. I shall
not attempt to screen the party with which I usu-
ally cooperate, for I do not consider it to be en-
tirely blameless in this matter. So far as the
national Democratic party is concerned, I will
support it when I think it is right, and oppose it
when wrong. I fear neither the frowns, nor
court the favors of the Administration, though I
contributed, to the best of my humble ability, to
swell the majority which was given to Mr. Buch-
anan in the State of Alabama.
Look at the appointment of the Governors of
that Territory, five in number, all from the North,
and, from the first to the last, all in favor of making
Kansas a free State. They took a southern man
and sent him as Governor to Nebraska, where we
stood noearthlychancetomakeaslaveState. The
whole power of this Government has been exer-
cised in Kansas to crush out southern rights, break
down the institution of slavery there, and sacri-
fice the South upon the altar of party. I have not
the time, though I would like to do it, to review
in detail the administration of all those Governors
of Kansas, and to devote half an hour, at least,
to the administration of that great southern trai-
tor, Robert J. Walker. Why, sir, he was against
us from the first day he went into the Territory;
he went there with the avowed policy of making
Kansas a free-soil State. He admits this fact in
lus letter of resignation, where he says that when
he entered upon the duties of his office, he re-
garded the slavery question as ofkt little practical
importanceHis correspondence with the Sec-
retary of State and his limuguial address both in-
dicate his preference for a free State, provided the
convention would protect me slave property then
in the Territory; and he pledged himself, if the
convention would carry out his views, to canvass
the Territory, and make speeches every day to
secure the ratification of such a constitution. In
his letter to General Cass, under date of the 15th
July, 1857, he writes:
After much conference with a raajoritv of the delegates
elected to the constitutional convention winch meets in
September ne.\t, my opinion is that they will m all pioba-
hiiny pursue this> course, namely: to adopt a State constitu-
tion very similar to that of ^ome of the southern Slates, se-
eming the right to the sla^ <js now m the Territoi v, number-
ing piob.thly 1'ioni two to tlnee hundred, but prohibiting the
introduction oj any more slaves ; excluding all free negroes.
enforcing, by most stringent provisions, the execution of the
fugitive slave law, securing the right of appeal, in all con-
stitutional cases, to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and requiring all officers of the government, legislative ex-
ecutive, and judicial, the judges and inspectors of all elec-
tions, and the attorneys of all couits, to take an oath to
support the constitution of the State and of the United
States. Such a constitution, if submitted to a yote of the
whole people, would} in my opinion, be adopted by a very
considerable majority, for I think the great mass of the free-
State Democrats and of the pro slavery men would unite in
its support, as the best that could possibly be done unde*
existing circumstances. Such a constitution would meet
my most cordial approval, and I should devote my whole
time in addresses every day, to the people of every connty
of the Territory, to insure its adoption. Indeed, I greatly
prefer this plan to any other, if it should be practicable."
It will thus be seen, by his own admission, that
he labored to make it a free State, and now is
found opposing the President and his old party
friends, in trying to keep Kansas out of the Union,
when his new allies themselves believe that if
Kansas is admitted with her present constitution,
the South will gain only a barren victory! Per-
haps he dreamed that such a course might elevate ,
him to the presidential chair! Well, I admit that
his administration in Kansas has immortalized
him. But we should remember that there are
different kinds of immortality. The person who
fired the Ephesian dome immortalized himself.
Washington achieved an immortality of fame—
Arnold an immortality of infamy!
Mr. Chairman, another objection has been in-
terposed in both branches of Congress against
the admission of Kansas into the Union, as pro-
posed by the President, and that is, that her ad-
mission would not restore peace to her people;
but, on the contrary, it would light the fires of
civil war in the Territory. I am not to be deterred
from demanding here all the rights to which my
section is entitled by such an argument as that.
In the defense of a great principle, I will discharge
my duty, regardless of conscquences. Civil war
is, I grant you, a great evil, and cannot be justi-
fied if it can be honorably avoided. But there
are greater evils, gentlemen, than those which fol-
low in the path of civil war. Those evils would
bo experienced by the southern States, if they
continued to remain in the Union after it had be-
come the established practice of the Government
to admit no more slave States. If, therefore, it
be true that the admission of Kansas now, with
her pro-slavery constitution, which the North
says will not last six months, would indeed light
the fires of civil war, I, for one, say—let the deed
be done; let the fires burn, and flame up, if need
be, as high as heaven itself; let them burn, even
though the Union may fall in the general confla-
gration. 1 would rather see the South, my native
land, as much as I honor her, and as willing as I
am to lay down my life in her defense—1 would
rather, I say, see the South, with all her people,
forever
" In the deep bosom of the ocean buried"
than have her remain in the Union on terms of in-
equality with the North, her constitutional rights
denied her, her civilization slandered, her institu-
tions perpetually warred upon, and her progress
m territorial expansion checked. In the Union
on such terms, we should no longer be the brave
and gallant people that the world has ever been
taught to regard us; but would become mere cap-
tives bound to the chariot wheels of the victorious
North. If such a fate should be reserved for us
in the future—which may Heaven forbid—if we
are to be vassals at all, I wouid for myself prefer,
a thousand times, to be a vassal of Old, than of
JYew England.
But is it true, in fact, that the admission of Kan-
sas, under the Lecompton constitution, will light
the fires of civil war? I think not. But on the
contrary, I believe its rejection would be more
likely to produce civil war than would its admis-
sion. Peace now smiles on the people of that
State. If you had the power to remand her to a
territorial position, and were to exercise it by re-
ferring the slavery question back to the people,
you would invite civil war. The tramp of armed
men would again be heard on the virgin soil of
Kansas. Her streams would be crimsoned with
human gore, and Lawrence might again become
a smoking ruin.
Mr. Chairman, after all the wrongs done to us
in Kansas by the Federal Government, through
some of its territorial officers; by the Abolition
emigrant aid societies of the North; after all the
assurances from the northern Democrats of their
