1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
I have taken my humble share in them. Is there
any gentleman on the southern side of the House
who has ever attended a meeting w.here topics
kindred to this have been discussed, where the
right of every new State to be admitted upon equal
terms with every other State has not been as-
serted upon the one side and conceded upon the
other? Is there any gentleman from any slave-
holding State that has not himself, again and again,
assorted that as the fundamental principle which
lies at the very basis of the Confederacy? Was
it not the ground for repealing the Missouri com-
promise, that that in its effect, if not directly and
in point of law, did invade that great principle?
Has not every southern constituency been taught,
day after day, and year after year, that Kansas
had a right to enter the Union upon an equal foot-
ing with the oiiginal States; and that if her power
was limited in any particular, then she was not
upon an equal footing ? If there is any gentleman
here who can contradict me, I will yield the floor
for him. Is it notthe concession of southern pol-
itics that there can be no condition appended, to the
admission of a Slate which ties and binds any, the
smallest portion, of her constitutional authority ? If
there be any gentleman that doubts, let him rise
and state his doubts; if there be not, I assume it
to be the unanimous opinion of every gentleman
here from the South that that is the laio of the j
South on that question. I
If so, then, whilcthebill which is licrcproposed ,
for our assent does, in its terms., and directly, j
impose, as a condition of admission, that one of
the sovereign powers of the State shall be yielded
by an ordinance, then, I say, no southern gentle-
man here can, with consistency, vote for this bill.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman asked for the
statement of an exception to the doctrine which
he has alluded to. The gentleman, and those with
whom he acted, opposed the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction, and therefore they v/eremfavor
of imposing restrictions upou the admission of
States north of the line of the Aiissouri compro-
mise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am very glad
that the gentleman from Texas lias called my at-
tention to that point. His statement involves
what has been involved in all the controversy of
the iast four yeais—a historical error as to what
the .Missouri compromise was. The Missouri com-
promise did not Admit any such principle as that
there could be any limitation upon the sovereign
power of a State, whether with reference to sla-
very or any other subject. It did proceed upon
the assumption that there could be a restriction
upon a Ten itory while it remained a Territory, and
no i.o.vger than it remained a territory. And
it w<is only afier consnlfing his Cabinet a^ to
whether the law of 1S*20 extended in its terms
and legal meaning beyond the existence of the
Tcmtory, and obtaining their opinion that the
law was limited to the terntorial condition, that
Mr. Monroe gave that bill Ins sanction.
The thing which was in controversy was not
whether Congress had the power to conttol the i
question of slavery durms" the territorial condition-, !
that question is one of later date. That question I
was not mooted during that whole controversy, j
Gentlemen will find scarcelyany argumenton that '
point; they will find nothing bur a passing allu- '
sion from that most eminent man, Mr. Pinckney, :
of South Carolina. He alluded, m p-issins;, to
his difficulty as to the power of Congress to re- '
strict slavery-even in the Territories. Thepomtm '
controversy in the Missouri contest was whether i
Congress had a ri^ht to impose a condition tip on a I
State—to tie a State's hands—not merely upon the
subject of slavery, but upon any subject.
The argument of William Pinckney waf, that
the States must come into this Confederacy all
with the same power; that, if you could impose
one limit upon a State, you could impose any
limit upon a State; that, if you could take ..way
from them the power to regulate slavery in their
* limits, you could tie their hands on the relations of
husband and wife, guardian and ward, and upon j
the manner in which their lands should descend; '
the power of taxation; that the power to impose ,
one restriction carried the power to impose an- j
other restriction. If you could make it by com- '
pact, you could then tie up the hands of an infant I
State when it had not the power to resist; and, j
unless the whole system was to go into confusion, !
and all its bca.ity and symmetry was to bo u'teiiy '
destroyed; unless, as Pinckney said, the comely
and beautiful proportions of a State of this Union
should be crippled, shriveled, and maimed, until
it became a mere pigmy, instead of a full grown
man; unless you could destroy the power of a
State wholly, you could impose upon it no limit-
ation of any kind. Whether you choose to admit
it or not, is with you an absolute right; but you
could impose no conditions upon it which will
follow it when it comes into the Union; and the
mere fact of admission entitles it, and ought to
entitle it, to all the rights possessed by any, the
strongest of the original States. That is the mean-
ing and purport of the Missouri compromise and
the Missouri controversy; and it is an error, in
point of history, when gentlemen say the Missouri
compromise related to a contest about the power
over the territory, and not a power of imposing
conditions upon a State.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I only want to
call the attention of the gentleman from Maryland
to the language of the Missouri compromise, as
it is called. It says that " north of 36° 30' sla-
very or involuntary servitude shall be forever pro-
hibited" without reference to Territory or State.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not design to
enter into a controversy as to the legal meaning
of the act. It was settled by Mr. Monroe before
he signed it; and I simply say my legal judgment
is, that his legal interpretation was right. That
is an answer, as to my opinion. I am not here to
argue it.
If, then, I am right in the principle that Con-
gress can constitutionally impose no condition re-
stricting a State's sovereignty, we come now to
the great question on which I resist the adoption
of this act. In the firslclause of the act are these
words:
"That the State of Kansas be. and is hereby, admitted
into the Union on an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatever, but upon this fundamental condi-
tion precedent, namely : That the question of aihni&>ion xri(h
the followin * proposition, in lieu ot the oidmance framed at
Lecompton, be faibimued to a vote of (he people of Kansas
and assented to hi/ them, or a majoi ity of the voters voting at
an election to be held for that pui pose, namely: That thefol-
lowing propositions be, and the same are hereby, ofieied to
the people of Kansas for acceptance or rejection, which, if
accepted, shall be obhsjatoiyon the United States and upon
the haul State of Kansas, to wit.
And then it goes on to say that they shall vote
ballots inscribed with the words: " Proposition
accepted," or, "proposition rejected." If the
majority be " proposition accepted," then they
become a State and have the lands; if the major-
ity be " pivpoiilion rejected," then they do not be-
come a State; but at some subsequent period they
are to have the power to eall a convention to form
another constitution. A vote, therefore, for the
" proposition rejected" decides the question that
this constitution from that day becomes a nullity,
that they arc not to be admitted now, but post-
poned until a future period, and then only to be
admitted upon other terms, and by a new arrange-
ment then to be made.
I submit, then, there is but one question sub-
mitted to the people of Kansas—whether they
will, as a condition of admission into this Union,
accept the propositionwhich is to be voted on with
the constitution, or whether they will rejcct it.
The onlyquestion they have to pass on is, whether
they will come into the Union by accepting the
terms of this proposition, or stay out of the Union
by rejecting it. They cannot come into the Union
unless they accept that proposition, and agree it shall
be binding upon them forever. They can come into
the Union by accepting it.
The distinction between that proposition and
every other which has been proposed to any State :
in the history of the Union is, that here its accent- !
ance is made a condition upon which alone this 1
State is allowed to come into the Union. From  
the time of the Missouri controversy to this day, :
no such condition has been ever submitted for the 1
consideration of a State. Prior O the admission \
of Missouri, conditions of vaimus kinds had been j
incorporated into acts authouzing Territories to !
form constitutions. Until that great controversy, 1
the rights of the States, and the right of Congress i
to impose conditions, iiad never been fully dis- !
cussed; and we find, tiuncfoie, in the Louisiana j
enabling act, and in the Mississippi enabling act, i
there arc certain conditions laid down; as, for in- ;
stance, that none but the English language should !
he used in public proceedings in Louisiana, and .
other;;, which now no one would regard for a mo- ,
ment as admissible. But the Missouri contro-
versy brought the power of the Government 'to
impose any conditions upon any State, of any
kind, into controversy; and it was then settled
that there existed no power in the Government to
impose any conditions whatever, limiting any
right the State would have under the Constitution
of the United States, in the absence of a condition,
and from that day down to this, no condition has
been tendered to any State upon which her ad-
mission into the Union was made to depend. No
proposition has ever been tendered to any State
with a condition that, unless it accepted the prop-
osition, it should not become a member of the
Confederacy. We have had propositions sub-
mitted to various States; but aiwaysfor theirfree
acceptance or rejection, and never as a condition
of admission.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the ordinance of 1787 did not intend perpetually
to exclude slavery in the northern territory ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I cannot enter into
a political controversy.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to ask another ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. This is the last
time I can yield.
Mr. REAGAN. My question is, whether the
party whom the gentleman sustains in this con-
| troversy has not maintained that the Missouri
compromise was a perpetual bar to slavery north
ofSGO 30'?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I respectfully de-
cline a discussion upon party politics.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman invited inter-
ruption.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir. With
great respect to my friend, I invited interruption
upon one point, and not beyond that. There
have been various cases in which grants of land
I have been made to various States upon condition,
! if they did not assent to the condition, the grant
1 failed, and if they did accept the condition they
had the land. The bill pioposed here by the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mont-
gomery-] was in that form. The question of ad-
mission was one thing, and the acceptance or
rejection of the grant was another thing. They
could, under that bill, accept the Lecompton con-
stitution and accept the grant, or they could accept
the Lecompton constitution and reject the grant.
If they refused the condition they would lose the
land, but they toould be a State under the Lecomp-
ton constitution; and if they accepted the condition
they got the land, and they were not less a State
under the Lecompton constitution.
The distinction between that bill and this of
the conference committee, is, that under this bill
they cannot become a State unless they assent to
the terms and conditions of the land proposition.
I It is the only tiling upon which theyarerequired
; to express their opinion, but on thatopinion their
! admission or exclusion is made to depend abso-
lutely. And the effect of refusing to accept the prop-
osition is to exclude them from the Union. Gentle-
men, therefore, on the southern side of the House
have interposed an additional difficulty in the way
of the admission of Kansas under the Lccompton
| constitution. Under Mr. Crittenden's bill they
I could come into the Union although they rejected
I the land grant. Under the bill of the committee
of conference they cannot come into the Union
! unless they accept the land grant.
j What, then, are the conditions theyare thus
I required to submit to?
| under this bill, I now maintain they cannot
, get admission into the Union unless they concede
; one of the flowei s of their pre) ogative. In theirordi-
; nance the people of Kansas have asserted a sim-
- pie absurdity. They say,c' as we have the power
; to tax all the lands in Kansas, if Congress will
; grant us a certain amount of lands, we will waive
| the right to tax." There is no lawyer here who
! would express even a doubt as to the entire nullity
' of that assumption. It, sir, has been settled by
the Supreme Court of the United States, in the
; case in 3d Howard, coming up from the State of
. Alabama, It was settled by the unanimous opin-
ion of the Senate, when California was about to
' be admitted. Some gentlemen doubted, at first,
whether they would not have power to tax the
' lands of the United States, or to impede the au-
• thority of the United States in disposing of them
and making rules and regulations on ttie subject
