1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TO
willingness to vote for the admission of Kansas
as a slave or a free State, according to the legally
expressed will of a majority of her people, we are
now told by some of that party, high in authority
here, that if Kansas be admitted into the Union
under the Lecompton programme, it must be on
condition that her constitution shall again be sub-
jected to the ordeal of a popular election. In other
words, that the judgment already rendered by the
people of Kansas in favor of the South shall be set
aside, and anew trial granted to the Abolitionists.
The advocacy of such a proposition by a northern
Democrat is evidence that he values the tempo-
rary success and harmony of party at home more
highly than he does the preservation of its prin-
ciples or the constitutional rights of my section.
The southern man who assumes such a position,
or favors the reference back by Congress of this
question of slavery to the people of Kansas, under
any form whatever, is, in my judgment, false to
the South; and has a heart
" Fit for treason, stratagem, and spoils."
No, sir, we demand that Kansas shall be either
admitted or rejected, unconditionally, with the
Lecompton constitution. I have no longer any
respect for that temporizing policy that
<' Falters with us in a double sense;
That keeps the word of promise to our ear,
Alul breaks it to our hope."
The southern States want no more compro-
mises on this question of slavery. We have had
enough of them in the past to satisfy the most am-
bitious of our Union-savers. We have often list-
ened to the voice of that siren, and as often have
we been betrayed. But, thank God, the spell is
at last broken. We remember the first great com-
promise that was made between the North and
the South, when this Union was formed By it,
the North agreed to surrender our fugitive slaves
on demand of their owners. How has she ful-
filled that obligation ? Ask Massachusetts. Ask
New Hampshire. Ask all the northern States
which have nullified the Constitution which they
were sworn to maintain and support. I do not
believe, Mr. Chairman, that the fugitive slave law
can to-day be peaceably and quietly executed in
a single State north of Mason and Dixon's line.
If there is any place where it can be done, it is in
some isolated location, and is an exception to the
general rule.
We remember the compromise of 1820. The
brand of inferiority was then stamped deep on the
brow of southern manhood and southern honor;
and there it remained, a burning disgrace, till the
Kansas-Nebraska bill wiped it out and restored
us to our long lost rights. We remember the
days of nullification in South Carolina, and the
compromise tariff of 1832. The North then
agreed to abandon the protective system gradu-
ally for the period of ten years. At the expira-
tion of that time, the tariff of 1842 was enacted,
more odious and oppressive in many respects to
my section of the Union, than the black tariff of
1828. We remember, again, and will ever proudly
remember, the brilliant triumphs achieved by
southern arms m the Mexican war. We cannot,
if we would, forget how the North robbed us of
all the fruits of our victories. We cannot forget
that compromise of 1850—that southern surren-
der of 1850! Mr. Chairman, we need no other
battle-cry to arouse the spirit of southern men here-
after in resistance to northern usurpation, or in
driving forever from these Halls any number of
southern Representatives who shall hereafter dare,
even to save the Union, to make further conces-
sions to the demands of New England fanaticism.
The compromise of 1850, indeed !
Mr. Chairman, when the gallant little band of
Texans was drawn out in battle array, on the
plains of San Jacinto, and in front of the over-
whelming forces of Santa Anna, it is said that the
magic words, " remember the Jllamo," sentan elec-
tric shock along the line, and inspired the heart of
every Texan soldier to fight for victory or death.
So, hereafter in the South, if, in self-defense, we
are driven out of this Union, and if this sectional
contest is forced upon us by the North, the words
" remember the compromise of 1850" will be em-
blazoned on a thousand banners, and will fire the
zeal of southern patriots in defense of their in-
vaded rights by the recollection of past wrongs.
I despise, Mr. Chairman, with my whole heart,
the very word "compromise." It has become
offensive to my sight. If I had the power I would
strike it forever out of the English vocabulary,
and would make it a penal offense for a southern
man ever again to pronounce it in public. It is
suggestive to my mind of dishonor, surrender,
and base submission. In the language of M-cDu f-
fie, " it sounds to my ear like the bugle blast of
the robber band." Then away with this idea of
another compromise! We will notentertam it for
a moment. Well has it been said that the time for
compromising this slavery question between the
North and South has indeed passed away forever.
We offered you the olive branch in 1850, and
asked you to extend the Missouri line through to
the Pacific ocean. The proposition was indig-
nantly rejected. As an act of -partial justice to the
South, but after the North had appro/trio ted every
foot of the territory acquired from Mexico, the north-
ern Democrats assisted us in repealing the Mis-
souri restriction, and pledged themselves by the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and again by the Cin-
cinnati platform, to vote for the admission of
Kansas as a slave State, if her constitution rec-
ognized that institution at Ihe time of her appli-
cation for admission into the Union.
I repeat, then, let Kansas be admitted or rejected
unconditionally with the Lecompton constitution.
If admitted, the South gains nothing but what
she is clearly entitled to under the law. If re-
jected, it is a declaration upon the part of the
North that no more slave States shall be admitted
into the Union; the sun of your national Demo-
cratic party will go down to rise no more; the
constitutional rights of my section will bo sacri-
ficed; and I pray Heaven, in that event, that the
State of Alabama will indeed take " no step back-
wards," but will become the nucleus around
which shall instantly spring into existence, like
Minerva from the brain of Jove, a great and
powerful southern confederacy. Then, sir, but
not till then, I fear, will we m'thc South be able
successfully to defend ourselves. Then we shall
be in a position that will enable us to regard those
who are opposed to our institutions as " enemies
in war; in peace, friends."
Mr. Chairman, it is impossible to disguise the
fact, however much honorable gentlemen may
evade it, that the great objection at the North
to the admission of Kansas into the Union under
the Lecompton constitution, is because it recog-
nizes and establishes slavery as one of her do-
mestic institutions. This opposition to African
slavery originated with, and is still fostered and
encouraged by, the spirit of religious fanaticism
in New England. It is the same spirit which has
nearly divided the people of these Stares into two
great sectional parties; sowed the seeds of strife
and civil war throughout the land; separated the
churches in the South from those in the North;
and which, if unchecked in its mad career, will
soon work out a dissolution of the Union. It is
the same spirit which recognizes a higher law than
the Constitution, and commits grand larceny upon
the South in the name of religion !—a religion,
too, pure and undefiled, as transmitted to them
by their illustrious Pilgrim fathers ! The Pilgrim
fathers, indeed ! Sir, 1 have a sovereign contempt
for the memory of the Pilgrim fathers. The reli-
gion of Plymouth Rock is the religion of fanati-
cism, of intolerance, of infidelity, of bigotry, and
hypocrisy. It is the religion of the Boston cler-
gymen, who violate the seventh commandment
in going to, and returning from, theirevemng lec-
tures; and who, when exposed to the indignation
of a virtuous community, are lionized and feted
by the/(Hirer portion of their flocks! In myjudg-
\ ment, Mr. Chairman, the greatest calamity that
! ever befell our country was that event which
j clothed Plymouth Rock with its historic associ-
| ations. To it I look as the " Iliad of all our
; woes." If Millard Fillmore, during the last pres-
j idential canvass, had declared that the landing of
! the Mayflower, instead of the repeal of the Mis-
i souri compromise, was the " Pandora's box from
j which escaped all the evils which now afflict the
i country," the sentiment would have found a re-
i sponsive echo in the hearts of millions of Amer-
. ican freemen, and might possibly have resulted in
| elevating him to the presidential chair !
! Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massachu-
| setts—the honorable member who seems to have
! made the discovery that Yankee colonization is
I to be the fulcrum, and he himself the lever of
I Archimedes, by which hereafter the destiny of the
! world is to be controlled—told us the other day,
upon this floor, that« the descendants of the Pil-
grims are in a tight place." I rejoice to hear it,
sir, upon such high authority, and cannot refrain
from expressing the hope that they will always
remain where they are. The cause of good morals,
genuine religion, and the permanent advancement
of the peace and prosperity of the whole country,
will be greatly promoted thereby. The allusion to
that honorable gentleman reminds me of another
portion of his specch, in which, if he is reported
correctly, he uttered a slander upon the South, and
her social institutions. 1 read from the speech of
the gentleman as published in the Globe, that I
may do him no injustice. He said:
If a man goes from Boston into Louisiana, and nobody
will speak to him unless he has a slave; nobody will invite
him lo a social entertainment unless he owns a negro ; and 8
ifhe cannot get a wife unless he has a negro ; then, sir, very
likely he may make up his mind to own a negro. [Laugh-
ter.] But t tell youtliathe will repent pf it every day while
he has hmi."
And again:
" The Yankee has never become a slaveholdoi unless he
has been forced to it by the social relations of the slave State
where he lived."
That is his exact language, as reported in the
Globe. The gentleman here charges directly that
the "social relations" of the southern States
"force " a man to become a slaveholder^on penalty
of exclusion from society. Sir, the gentleman
did the Sou th very great inj ustice m making sucit
a charge, because, there are thousands of.his own
countrymen scattered all over the South, who own
no slaves, and yet they enjoy the confidence and
respect of the communities in which they live.
Many are honored, too, with high positions of
public trust. Notwithstanding the assertion of
that gentleman, we have in the Sou^h but one
aristocracy, and that is the aristocracy of color—
the aristocracy of the white over the black man—
the Caucasian over the African race. It matters
not whether a man is rich or poor, whether he is
a slaveholder or noil-slaveholder, the people of the
South recognize the " honest man" as the " noblest
work of God"  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOMPKINS obtained the floor.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I rise to a point of order.
I believe that by the rules of the House, -which
prevail in Committee of the Whole, a gentleman
wishing to get the floor must address the Chair
from his seat. I rose and addressed the Chair
from my place, but the gentleman from Ohio ad-
dressed the Chair, and obtained the floor, when
he was out of his place.
The CHAIRMAN. The universal practice of
the House has been to give the floor to any mem-
ber rising in any part of the Hall. For that pur-
pose, any part of the Hall has been regarded as
the place of the member.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether a member has the right to leave his seat
and go down in front of the Chair to get the floor
when other gentlemen remain in their seats,rise,
and address the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that the same point has been
raised already and decided. It has been the prac-
tice in the House for twenty years past to permit
a member to rise in any part of the Hall, anS any
part of the House has been regarded as his place
for that purpose.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It may have been
the practice, but it must be admitted that it is a
bad one.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Having risen simulta-
neously with the gentleman from Ohio, to whom
the Chair has assigned the floor, while I take no
exception to the right of the Chair under the rules
of the House to give him the floor, I ask that the
' o-entleman will ind ulge me with apersonal explana-
j fion which will occupy not more than five mimites.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I wish to correct a state-
ment made day before yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hatch,] which is preju-
dicial to myself and other members.
Mr. BURROUGHS. If the floor is to be farmed
out, 1 want to come in as well as others.
The CHAIRMAN. The time occupied by the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee will be
taken out of the time of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I hope the gentleman will
be brief, and will be allowed to go on uninterrupt-
edly.
