1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS5
compensation shall not be larger than now al-
lowed by law."
Mr. PUGH. I accept that modification, be-
cause I would rather have it than "the present sys-
tem, though I prefer the original amendment.
Mr. PITCH. I think it would be quite suffi-
cient to retain the original amendment, limiting it
by a proviso in such manner as to make it imper-
ative that the advertising should not cost more
than the law contemplates, without putting it up
at auction.
Mr. PUGH. It already contains a provision
that it shall not exceed the present compensation
in any event.
Mr. POLK. I wish to have the amendment
read as it has been amended, for I understand the
Senator from Ohio accepts the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts. 
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. Several Senators desire an op-
portunity to vote on the original proposition, and
I would much prefer it. As the amendment now
stands, I move to strike out the words which were
put in at the suggestion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and restore the original words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senator
from Ohio that the amendment is under his own
control, and he can modify it as he pleases.
Mr. PUGH. A number of Senators prefer the
original proposition I offered, to the proposition
as amended at the suggestion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I myself would prefer it; and
in order to give them an opportunity to put it in
that shape, 1 move to amend the amendment by
striking out the words I accepted, and inserting
the words which I originally proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can so modify the amendment without the ques-
tion being submitted to the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will do so, and then the Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts can offer his proposition as an amend- j
ment to it. |
Mr. PUGH. I modify my amendment so as j
to bring it bacjs: to its original form. I
Mr. SEWARD. Can*a Senator, of his own
motion, modify an amendment which has been
amended and subni ctedto the Senate, and accept-
ed by the Senate'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not the
condition of the amendment. The Senator from
Ohio accepted the modification of his amendment
upon the suggestion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SEWARD. And now retracts that assent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Now it is open to further
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I move amend it as the
Senator from Massachusetts proposed.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a simple state-
ment of the case, and I want Senators to under-
stand the position in which they are placing
themselves. We have a law that requires these
advertisements to be given to the papers having
the largest circulation. The country knows that
this provision is not strictly observed, and that
every means is resorted to in order to prevent this
law from being fairly and honestly earned out.
Now the proposition is to change the law which
has stood for thirteen years, and to allow the
Postmaster General to designate in what paper
the list of letters shall be published. That is, it
puts the whole power in the hands of the Post-
master General, and he can give the list of letters
in a town where there may be two or three pa-
pers of a laige circulation taken by the whole
community, to some little seven-by-nine partisan
sheet. I think the proposition which I have made
is a fair one, that if we lepeal the present law the
Postmaster General shall be compelled to publish
the iist of letters in the paper that will publish it
the cheapest, provided, that in no case shall the
compensation exceed the present rates. I think
that is right and fair, for it will give all the large
newspapers of tho country an opportunity to com-
pote for this printing, and they will do it at a very
jow rate, because it is for their interest to do so,
and the community will be benefited thereby. It
takes the matter entirely out of the range of par-
tisanship, and opens the whole press of the coun-
try to a fair competition for this little patronage,
which is for the benefit of the Government and
of the people alike.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment, and they
were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must say
that I believe this proposition is right, a«d so be-
lieving;, I shall vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays SO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Uroderick, ^handler, (/lark, Clay, Doo-
Jittle, Dmketij Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hatlan,
Houston, Johnson of Aik;ui--a«, Johnson of Tennesj-ee,
King, Seward, Simmons, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Tiumhull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAVS—Mes*r . Allen, 13a>ard, Benjamin, Bigler, Blight,
Brown, Ohngman. Fiteh, Gwni, Hunter. Jone>«, Mason,
Pcarce. Polk, Pugli, Rt'id, Seba&uan, Slidell, Wright, and
Yulee—'20.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio as amended, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. PUGH. It is not material to take the yeas
and nays on it. I suppose the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, having got m his amendment, is will-
ing to take it.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly, I will vote for it
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in the
power of a member to withdraw the call for the
I yeas and nays.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
I resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Bught, iiiodenck, Chandler, Clark, j
Claj , lJoohtile, Duiker. Fe^endon, Fool. Foster. Harlan, ,
| Houston, Joliii>oit oi Tennessee. Kinjj, Polk, Pugh, Sew- i
i ;ml, Simmon?, Tliompson ot" Kentucky, Toombs, Wude, I
1 and Wilson— ^3
^ NAYS—Me^is. Allen. Bayard. Benjamin, Biglei. Brown,
. Clinjiinaii, Fitch, Hale, Hunter, Jones, Pearce, Reid/Prum •
| bull,VVnglit, and Yulee—15.
| So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to,
j as follows: j
I Jind he il further enacted, That so much of the eighteenth j
1 section 01 an act entitled uAn act to jeduco the r;ite> "I |
I postage, to limit the u-e and to eotreci the abus>« ot the *
li.inkint,'pnvilt'fie. arid tor the pieveittion oi fiuuds on the
i revenue1- oi tho I'o-l Offieo IVpai uncut." uppioved March
! 18-15, a* i equires the advertisement ot letters uncalled for
! in any post olliee to he insetted in the newspaper or news-
i ]>.\peK- having tin, lai^e&t cacul.vuon in the town or place
whote the ofhee adveitising is Minuted ho,and the same is
i hciebv. 11'pealed. And the'Po-tmasterGeneral t-hall henec-
toith eaine the same to be published in such newspaper as
Will puhh&li it at the lowest price, and that the compensa-
tion to be paid for the said advemsements shall not be
greater than that now allowed hy law.
Mr. YULEE. A.n amendment was adopted
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont, to
which I desire toofieran amendment that I think
he will have no objection to. 1 propose to except
San Francisco and Sacramento from the operation
of the provision, for the reason that they tuo dif-
ferently circumstanced from other cities. The
effect of the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, as 1 understand it, will be in a great meas-
ure to break up the present system of locked
boxes, which is very convenient in the large cities,
and is indispensable at Sacramento and San Fran-
cisco; for the reason*that the mails arrive there
in gieat bulk, and only twice a month, and the
distribution consumes a great deal of time; but,
by means of locked boxes, parties are enabled to
obtain their letters, from time to time, as the dis-
tubution progresses The distribution, I under-
stand, sometimes lasts ten houis, or more. I
presume there will be no objection to my amend-
ment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I object to it.
Mr. YULEE. It was for the benefit of Cali-
! forma that I wanted to introduce it.
| Mr. GW1N. X hope the amendment of the
i Senator frorrrFlonda will be adopted, and that
! Stockton will also be excluded. In tact, I should
| like to have the whole State of California ex-
j cepted.
j Mr. BRODERICK- I should like to hear some
i reason for that.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. Perhaps it
| would be proper for Senators to hear the. original
' amendment of the Senator from Vermont read.
The Secretary read Mr. Collamer's amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That po^t office? shall be open
for theieceipt and delivery of letters and mail mutter for all
persons «u the same tune, ami no piaeuce or airangoment
shall be allowed by which any person or persons, for .any
consideration, can obtain their letters or papers earlier or
later at said offices than all or any others may receive their
letters or papers on applying therefor, nor shall any practice
or arrangement exist whereby any person or per&ons can
mail their letters or papers earlier or later than all or any
other persons may mail their letters or papers on offering so
to do.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I should like to except
the State of California. The reason is, that our
mails arrive every two weeks in great bulk, and
it takes many hours to distribute the letters, espe-
cially at San Francisco. During the distribution,
those persons who have boxes can go and take
out their letters; otherwise, under this provision,
they would have to wait till the whole matter is
distributed, six or eight hours, or more. It is a
great privation to persons in that country having
absent families, to be deprived of the opportunity
of getting their letters until the whole distribution
is over. Gentlemen do not care about the costof
boxes, if they can get their letters a few hours
sooner by that process; and, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, no objection exists to it. The post
office in San Francisco has been especially pre-
pared for this convenience to the public. There
is a large space, the finest I have seen in any city
of the Union, for the purpose of having locked
boxes, a large quantity of them, to enable the
letters to be received while the distribution ia
going on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Florida that instead of the amend-
ment he proposes, he simply move to add to the
provision introduced by the Senator from Ver-
mont a proviso that it shall not apply to locked
boxes. 1 do not know of any objection to that
system at all.
Mr. YULEE. I agree with the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. I would rather reconsider the
whole amendment. I doubt very much the pro-
priety of this species of legislation. Yon cannot
see the effect of it. It may practically interfere
with the Post Office system. I have no objection
to a properly-guarded amendment which shall pre-
vent an undue advantage being given to one set
of citizens over others; but 1 can see difficulties
in the way of carrying out such provisions as
are now offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Delaware that the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont was
agreed to m the Senate, and it is now in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
adopted it.
Mr. BAYARD. I move then to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate adopted that amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. The views which I enter-
tain, and which governed me in presenting the
amendment, would require some considerable
time to explain. Gentlemen are, I perceive, ex-
ceedingly sensitive m regard to locked boxes. I
suppose they are gentlemen who pay a price for
them, considering the privilege worth paying for
to have an advantage over common folks, and get
their letters before other people. I do not like
the idea of the Government taking a dollar from
a man to give him an advantage over his neigh-
bor. However, as gentlemen are so sensitive
about the matter, and it would take some time
to debate it, I prefer to let it go and wait until I
con get up the bill which I have introduced, and
which 1 hope, somehow or other, at some time,
to get before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am perfectly willing that that
should be done.
Mr. HUNTER. I commend the example of
the Senator from Vermont. We ought not to
put legislation of this kind on the appropriation
bills.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will not take up the time
of ihe Senate now,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regard this as a very
important amendment, and I hope it will not be
reconsidered. I ask for the yeas and hays on the
reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment is of a
character similar to the one introduced by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. King.] Both
wero intended to prevent partiality on the part of
deputy postmasters. This amendment simply
provides that the postmasters shall deliver letters
to all persons alike. If we do not mean to do
