ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
wise, did not vote at the proper time, it is their
own lookout, not ours.
This bill, as I have said, makes no point on that
constitution. It receives it, but inasmuch as the
convention asked us to admit them with the prop-
osition in her ordinance to surrender her right to
tax the public lands within her limits, &c., in
consideration of certain enormous grants of land,
amountingto $22,000,000, we say that we will re-
ceive their constitution and admit them under it,
if they will agree to take the usual land grants to
new States under the usual conditions. These
conditions are no infringement of State rights or
State sovereignty, and have no relation whatever
to the form or substance of their constitution,
that being admitted to be republican.
X have met with some, sir, who imagine that
the conditions in this bill differ from those of ihe
Senate bill. By no means. That Senate bill was
upon the express condition that Kansas should ac-
cept the same terms, as to grants of land, in lieu of
those she proposed. Suppose that the bill had
passed and Kansas should refuse by her Legisla-
ture to accept the conditions therein proposed:
would she not.be out of the Union, just as she
will be if the people under this biil refuse to ac-
cept the identical proposition? How could we
force a State into the Union on conditions of our
own? Most assuredly it takes two to make a bar-
gain. How could we put an absolute condition
upon a sovereign State?
Now, sir, I claim to speak in behalf of the
rights of the States. I was bred in that school,
reared in that school of politics—the State-rights
school—and if there is any doctrine which I cher-
ish above all others it is the rights, the independ-
ence and the sovereignty and perfect equality of
theseveral Statesof this Confederacy, and I main-
tain that this substitute more fully and completely
carries out that doctrine than even the Senate bill,
which' I was willing to vote for. Had that bill
passed, Kansas would not have been admitted if
she had refused the condition. Just as was the
case with Iowa. She refused the condition im-
posed, and did not come in under the act admit-
ting her, which I have read from. No point was
made on her constitution, though it excluded sla-
very. So no point is made on the constitution of
Kansas, though she adopts slavery; and I will say,
that if she had come with a constitution which
had been as fairly, legally, and regularly made and
adopted, with the exclusion of slavery, I would
have voted for her admission underitas readily as
I do; and I would have been willing to act in refer-
ence to her land ordinance in the same way this
bill proposes. It makes no difference with me as to
the character of her constitution on that subject.
The people of Kansas, in convention, settled that
question in their own way, as they had a right to
do. That convention was fairly and legally elected
and had full poweis to do what they did. But 1
am not now going into a discussion of that branch
of the subject. I am replying directly to the gen-
tleman's objection. lie said he had no objection
to the constitution I was glad to hear the gen-
tleman say it, because I think that is the great ob-
jection of most of those who oppose the admis-
sion of the State under that constitution. If that
is not the groundwork of his objection to this
bill, it does seem to me he will be compelled to
yield that one which he has brought forward with
so much zeal this morning.
Mr. DxVYIS, of Maryland. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. I do not quite understand his al-
lusion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I said the gen-
tleman stated that he did not make any objection
to the subject-matter of the constitution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly not.
Mr. STEPQEXS, of Georgia. Nor to the man-
ner m which it was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Oh, no, sir; I did
not say that. I said 1 had no objection to the sub-
ject-matter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then you had
no objection to the form of the constitution ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. None in the world.
The constitution is very good.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that theconvention
could not make a constitution ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I meant to say that
the convention was a party caucus without the
slightest authority of law whatever.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does the gen-
tleman say that the law authorizing the call of the
convention was without authority >
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I mean to say that
the law of the Legislature was absolutely void.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Because it was be-
yond the limits of the legislative power.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Was it not a
legal Legislature ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly; perfect-
ly so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Had they not
the right to call a convention?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir. I think
not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Upon what
ground does the gentleman stand, then ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Thegentleman will
pardon me; a few days ago I endeavored to argue
that proposition on authority and on reason. My
very short reason for it is, tnat it is not a proper
subject of legislation of a Territorial Leg'tU.Uure to
call a convention. The act is beyond the scope
of their authority, and it has been always so held
by every public man in the country who has ex-
pressed his opinion upon it, down to the end of
the last Congress, Jilr. Buchanan among them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do I under-
stand the gentleman then to maintain that an en-
abling act is necessary?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Oh, certainly not.
I think we have no sort of limitation upon our
free discretion. If a Territory comes here with
a constitution in the shape of a petition, and we
choose to'accept it, provided we think it fanly ex-
piesses the will of the people, we may undoubt-
edly accept it, and it has been often so done. T4ie
only question with me is, whether this constitu-
tion is a fair embodiment of the popular will, and
that is the only question I intended to raise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I do not
understand the gentleman to contest the legality
of the Legislature which called the convention ?
jVFr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thegentleman
only maintains that they had no right to call this
convention. I ask the gentleman if, under the or-
ganic law they had not power to legislate upon
all rightful subjects of legislation, subject only to
the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think they had;
but I think this is not a rightful subject of legisla-
tion for the Territorial Legislature, as the last Con-
gress dtcided—both Houses—by authorizing them
to do what the honorable gentleman now inti-
mates they had the right to do, and which this
bill implies they have not the right to do, by giv-
ing therti power to f> ume a constitution ajter a cer-
tain period.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The bill does
not imply any such thing as the gentleman argues.
It only means to announce to the peoplu there the
conditions on which, hereafter, that power, lfcx-
eicised, would be recognized by Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then it is a lim-
itation; or it is a repeal of the act; or it is of no
elfoct whatever, and void.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly it is
a limitation; but by no means void, for we have
the right thus to limit or to recognize a constitu-
tion of the people, notwithstanding' it may not
have been made in pursuance of such limitations,
if we choose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly we
have the right to make such limitations, and the
admission of a State is itself a matter of discretion.
Now, what I was stating when the gentleman
interrupted me was, that, as the main objection
he had was to that part of the bill which h* made
his speech upon, and which he said assailed State-
rights—that is the clause which proposes as one
of the conditions of our grants of land in lieu of
her ordinance that she will never tax the lands of
non-residents higher than those of residents—
which I had fully and completely answered, and
as the whole of his argument nearly upon that
clause was founded upon an error in the history
of this Government, I thought the gentleman
ought to yield even that. He says now he ob-
jects to the manner of the adoption of the consti-
tution, though not to the substance. I shall not
icply to him ou that poiu* I hove shown that
as early as the admission of Louisiana the same
words were used as to taxing lands of residents
and non-residents equally. I have shown that
States have been admitted upon express funda-
mental conditions since the admission of Missouri
upon matters not relating to the substance of their
constitution, or the mode of its adoption. Other
cases might be cited. A gentleman near me [Mr.
Cobb] says it was so with Alabama in 1819. I
know it was so with Arkansas in 3836; and Texas
came in, in 1845, on express conditions under the
resolutions for annexation. But I cannot now
collate the precedents. I have shown that in the
very bill for which the gentleman himself voted,
the identical words are used, in the condition on
which he voted to admit Kansas, as in this bill.
Now how can the gentleman further urge that ob-
jection ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I was unfortunate
if I did not make myself understood. The gen-
tleman's eminent legal attainments ought to have
carried his mind at once to my point, or I was
very unfortunate in the mode in which 1 expressed
mysfclf. I said that the right of Congress to con-
trol the public domain within the limits of a State,
had repeatedly been declared in the form of condi-
tions to land grants; and those arc the kind of
conditions to which the gentleman has referred,
excepting that having reference to the boundary
of a State—which, of course, must be settled by
concurrence between Congress and the people of
the Territory*applying for admission, before a
State can exist—and also excepting that requiring
the assent of the people to the constitution of thc/r
State, as preliminary to theiradmission as a State.
With the exception of requiring the assent of the
people, in s^meshape or other, to the constitution,
and requiring the assent of the people to the bound-
aries fixed by Congress, which are essential to the
very existence and identity of the State to be ad-
mitted, I say there has never been, since the Mis-
souri compromise, a condition of admission ex-
acted; and those conditions are not limitations
on the sovereign power of the State when created,
but the defining by common consent the constitu-
tion and territory, without which there can be no
Siatc at all. There have been conditions annexed
to land grants, but never to the o/a State.
There have been conditions declared in acts of ad-
mission asserting and securing the power Con-
gress already possessed, and would continue to
possess, over the public lands.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Right there let
me ask the gentleman if, in the very cases he
; speaks of, where the conditions are expressed and
; put in the acts of admission, the State hud refused
. to accept the condition, she would not have re-
i mainrd out of the Union? Did not their admis-
sion depend on their acceptance of the conditions?
j Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. They are esses
i where no conditions were, imposed and required
; to be assented to in order to secure admission.
] The States were admitted, and the conditions were
i merely the declaration byJOongress of its construc-
tion of its rights.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have just read
the express conditions which were proposed in
the case of Iowa. Iowa rejected the conditions,
j and she remained a Territory. The State was
; not actually admitted under that act.
1 Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. That was in ref-
j erence to her boundaries.
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In reference
1 to her boundaries, and jurisdiction ovt_r rivers.
| And the only objection of the gentleman to this
bill that I am replying to is that it puts upon the
I State a condition as to the exercise of her sover-
! eign power of taxing hereafter. The cases are
_ analogous. The gentleman says conditions have
been annexed to land grants, but never to the
admission of a State. Why, sir, m the case of
Arkansas, as well as Louisiana, the condition of
the hnd grant was in the bill for the admission
: of the State, as in this case, and as he has voted,
1 and every member of this House. The condition
! in the Iowa case was m the act of admission.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. In reference to the
i freedom of rivers, ii is covered by the same decis-
1 ion of the Supreme Court of the United States—
I that the condition declaring the river free does not
! operate in the way of a compact by the assent of
j the State, but as a law regulating commerce. And
j there has beejn no case where an assent to that has
J been made a condition of admission.
