m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
enough upon this one case. I will now refer to
Minnesota. There is a county there called Pem-
bina*, and from the best information I can obtain,
has but a very small population, that part of it
•which properly belongs to Minnesota not having
more than fifteen or twenty voters. This county,
we are informed, returned a majority of six hun-
dred for the Democratic candidate for Governor.
This district of country had six delegates in the
constitutional convention. How many represent-
atives in the Legislature, now I cannot tell; but I
presume quite as many as it had delegates in the
convention. Other places in that country where
there were but very few white settlers, there were
large numbers of votes returned. We have an
account in one place of a hundred savages that
were Jed to the polls to vote; not one of them could
tell their names, or could speak a word of our lan-
guage. They were bedaubed with their war-paint,
armedf with bows and arrows, and war-clubs;
dressed in their breechclouts, if they were dressed
at all; led on and directed how to vote, no doubt,
by some individual, who was probably appointed
nominally, as an Indian agent, but made it his
business to manufacture bogus votes for his party.
How long is the country to submit to this ? If
we can believe the statements that are made in re-
gard to these frauds, we are bound to be]ieve that
in the last election held in Minnesota, hundreds
of degraded savages that could not speak a word
of our language, that have no possible conception
of our form of government, went to the polls; and
every one of them, by the direction of somebody
<—because they could have no mind of their own—
voted the Democratic ticket, and the vote of each
and every one counted as much as the vote of the
most intelligent man in that Territory. Thus it
is a Democratic Governor is elected—members of
the Senate and House of Representatives. These
statements have been before the country for
months; I have not seen them disputed; I believe
them to be true, and what is more i have not
heard a word of condemnation from any paper of
the party, or from any member of the party, either
public or private; and from all the information I
nave, 1 am reluctantly led to believe that the party
justify these wrongs. The question may be asked:
why does it justify these wrongs? There is but
one solution to the question. Slavery hasdone it;
slavery has taken possession of the parly, and de-
bauched it. These are the legitimate fruits of a
system that teaches that one class of men have no
rights that another class is bound to respect. It
is founded in wrong, it is a matter of force, and the
saftie principle and spirit that teaches that black
men have no rights that white men are bound to
respect, will defraud white men of their rights
whenever ambition or interest demands it. It is a
part of the plan of the slave party in this country
to hold the entire control of the Government, and
to appropriate to themselves its emoluments and
its honors; where there are ruffians and robbers
that can be brought from adjoining States with re-
volvers and bowie-knives to drive honorable men
from the polls, and stuff ballot-boxes with fraud-
ulent votes, and elect dishonest men to office, that
plan is adopted; where ruffians, revolvers, and
bowie-knives cannot be obtained, hideous savages
bedaubed with their war paint and armed with
their war clubs, are made to do the voting. But
when neither border ruffians nor savage3 can be
obtained: what then? The Cincinnati business
directory is brought up, and casts fifteen hundred
votes. Bat when there are neither ruffians, sav-
ages, nor business directories to be obtained: then
what? then they resort to the imagination, and
the pure bogus votes are furnished. Because sla-
very has done all these things, I oppose its exten-
sion into any free territory.
There are other and special reasons why slavery
should not be admitted into Kansas. The first,
and one which I deem entirely conclusive, is:
Thirty-seven years ago a solemn compact was
entered into between the North and the South,
whereby it was agreed upon sufficient considera-
tion, that there never should be any slavery north
of 360 30' north latitude. This compact was
strictly observed on the part of the North. The
South goteverything that they contemplated, and
the States of Florida and Texas, with territory
sufficient to make four States in addition to what
was originally contemplated, she received and
appropriated them to her own use. The North
submitted quietly to it, because she believed the
national faith required it. But just as the North
got ready to appropriate her part of the consider-
ation for this compact, the South demanded its
abrogation. The Missouri compromise was re-
pealed, in violation of national faith and honesty,
in violation of the principles that should govern
the intercourse of all honorable men. But not-
withstanding the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, it was promised that the future inhabitants
should be perfectly free to govern themselves.
"The act repealing the Missouri compromise con-
tained this very anomalous provision, the like of
which was probably never seen m any act of any
legislative body before, and I presume never will
be seen again. I quote the provision:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people perfectly free to form
ami regulate their own domestic institutions, in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States."
The people of Kansas were not only to be free,
but they were to be perfectly free. It has been
said frequently, by metaphysicians, that no human
being is perfect—no human laws are perfect; but
the people of this Territory were to approach
nearer divinity than any other created beings;
they were to be perfectly free, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States. This part of
that act I believe has been justly denominated a
stump speech. This organic act went forth to the
world containing this pledge, that the people of
these Territories were to be perfectly free. The
Territory of Kansas was organized m pursuance
of that act. The people of the free States having
this solemn assurance of perfect freedom, emi-
grated there. But since the organization of the
Territory, to this day, there has reigned therein
the most terrible despotism the world has ever
seen. The wrongs and outrages that this country
suffered before the Revolution were nothing com-
pared with the wrongs suffered by the people of
Kansas, ever since its organization. I have known
of no reign of terror that has existed anywhere
in modern times, that has equaled the reign of
terror that existed there during the last three I
years, unless it was the reign of terror in France, j
1791. The murders in France were more numer-
ous, but those that were put to death were charged
with being aristocrats, despots, foes to the rights
of man; while m Kansas, if a man was known to
be in favor of the establishment of a free State m
that Territory, he was a mark for the assassin's
dagger.
Since the organization of that Territory, every
right that freemen hold dearhas been taken from
them. At the first election that was held in the
Territory, the actual settlers and residents were
driven from the polls by ruffians, villains, and
murderers from Missouri and other States of this
Union. The rights of the people of the Territory
were trampled m the dust. Their ballot-boxes
were stuffed with fraudulent votes. Men were
elected to the Territorial Legislature who were not
residents of the Territory; and if we are to judge
of the character of men who constituted that body
by the laws that were passed by. them,there cer-
tainly neverhas been a meeting of any such fiends
in any other place except Pandemonium.
This ruffian band,calling themselves legislators,
were no doubt sustained by the Administration.
The Army of this great nation was there to back
and protect them m trampling upon the rights
of the people of that Territory. I say now, that
if the actual settlers there had possessed the power
to have driven them from the legislative hall#
by force and violence, they would have been jus-
tified in so doing. I would not justify force and
violence, and mob law, when there is any legal
mode of redressing wrongs; but here there was
none. These usurpers obtained their places by
force and violence, and if the actual settlers had
no other means of defending themselves against
the acts of these tyrants, they would have been
justified in the sight of God and man if they had
taken them from the legislative halls, and hanged
them by their necks until they were dead. This
legislative body passed the most odious and op-
pressive laws, laws that would almost rival in
cruelty the code of the most absolute despotism
now in existence. The Administration appointed
wicked and depraved men to office, while this
band of usurpers were enacting laws to crush the
hearts and lives of the free-State men. The courts
of the Territory were running their course of in- i
famy. In a court held there by a judge appointed
by the President of the United States, the grand
jury, under the charge of the court, presented a
hotel as anuisance. On an order issued from that
court, the building was destroyed, the order being
executed by a sheriff appointed by the bogus
Legislature. Thebuildingwasfirstfired upon with
cannon, bufbeing too strong to be destroyed that
way, U was blown up with powder; and why
was this done? for no other reason but because*
it belonged to free-State men. The house ofGov-
ernor Robinson was burned because he was a free-
State man. These free-State men had wronged no
one—they had attempted to wrong no one.
In the mean time Dow, a free-State man, from
the State of Ohio, was shot down dead in the
public highway, in open day, by a man named
Coleman. Dow was guilty of no offense what-
ever—had given no provocation. It was a cold-
blooded, premeditated murder. Yet the murderer
has never been punished, or even tried, to thia
day. But, if I am correctly informed, was re-
warded for it, by an appointment as an officer in
the Kansas militia. Barber, another free-State
man, from the State of Ohio, was murdered by a
man named, Clark, who, it is said, at the time of
committing the murder, was holding the office of
Indian agent, under the appointment of the Ad-
ministration, and is now in the land office in the
Territory. Brown, another free-State man from
the State of Ohio, was choppedMo death with
hatchets, and his mangled, bloody, and dying
body was taken to his house and thrown into the
presence of his wife. The murderers of Brown,
I believe, have never been punished, and never
even beon tried. I have it from a source, that I
can rely upon, that the town of Osawatomie was
burned, a part of the inhabitants were"rnurdered,
and the remainder were driven out, houseless and
homeless, into the world. Women and tender
infants were compelled to lie on the cold, damp
ground, and nothing to protect them from the rain
and storms but tents made of thin cloth. When
this town was burned and destroyed; when its in-
habitants were either murdered or driven away
from their homes—the Army of thfs great nation
was in sight, the witnesses of these deeds of hor-
ror, but did not interfere. Why did it not? Be-
cause the power that controlled it did not desire
to do so. The Army was not there for any such
purpose. It was to protect the slavery party.
But why multiply these cases ? Crimes enough
have been perpetrated by the slavery party in that
Territory, since 1854, to condemn a world. Its
path has been marked by crimes the most horri-
ble, and red with human blood. If I believed in
special judgments of God, I should expect to hear
of sweeping tornadoes, wide wastingearthquakea,
deadly plagues, and scathing lightning hurling the
perpetrators of these crimes to swift destruction.
The crowning act of all these wrongs is now pre-
I sented in the form of a constitution, to be forced
upon the people without their consent. To ad-
mit Kansas with a slavery constitution would be
a palpable violation of one of the best-established
principles of the common law; that is, that no-
person shall take advantage of his own wrong.
The Missouri compromise was repealed to put
slavery into Kansas. This was a great wrong,
and one for which this nation may yet repent m
dust and ashes. To admit Kansas as she is to be
presented, this great principle that I have stated,
would be violated. I never will consent to do any
such thing. The repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise I' regard, as 1 have already said, a great
wrong to the North, when there was no necessity
for it. I am determined, while I have the honor
to hold a place upon this floor, that by no act
of mine, shall you ever reap any benefit there-
from .
Before this was done, the South had more ter-
ritory than the North—they have a decided ad-
vantage in soil and climate; more than this, they
had therein what they call a heaven-born institu-
tion, one that they believed has received the sanc-
tion of the Most High—with their rich and pro-
ductive soil, with their waum and genial sun, with
their patriarchal institution of slavery, that has
descended in a direct line from Abraham to the
people of Georgia, with collateral branches into
Missouri and other slave States, they must multi-
ply and become as the stars of the firmament and
shine forever and ever. With this institution you
will grow up a great and powerful people. When
