2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
that, but mean to vest a discretion in the deputy
postmasters through the country to ferve whom
they please, I ask what is to be the condition of
Fersons receiving letters through the post office?
think we had better abolish the Department.
The question being taken by veas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Btgler, Bright,
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fessenden, Civvin, Harlan, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Mallory, Pearce, Polk, Pugh,
Heid, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade,
Wnglit, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messis. Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Doohttle, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Houston, King,
Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wilson—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the adoption of Mr. Col-
lamer's amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to hare the
amendment read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That post offices shall be open
for the receipt and delivery of letters and mail matter for all
persons at the same time, and no practice or arrangement
shall be allowed by which any petsonor pei*ons I'oi any
consideration, can obtain their loiters or papers earlier or
lateral said office than all or any others may receive their
letters or papers,on applying therefor, nor shall any prac-
tice or arrangement exist, whereby any person or poisons
can mail their letters or papeis earlier or later than ail
or any other persons may mail their letters or papers, on
offering so to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I move to amend the
amendment, by adding this proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he con-
strued to prevent the u&e of locked boxes ad heretofore
practiced.
Mr. COLLAMER. As that proposition is
offered, I feel bound to say a word. The law is
that postmasters shall account for all the money
they get for boxes, except $2,000. Two thou-
sand dollars they pocket. A postmaster then
dors this—I have soon it advertised so—he fixes
locked boxes, to which gentlemen can have access
by keys, and he takes in his mail, and distributes
it to those boxes, und those who hove them can
get their letters before the officc is opened for the
general delivery. That just amounts to the post-
master saying to the community, 44 if you will
give me enough to pocket a couple of thousand
dollars from box rents, 1 will accommodate you."
That system 1 do not like.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am not aware of any such
abuse; md it seems to me that the Postmaster
General might, under regulations, proven tit. The
danger I apprehend from all tins legislation on
appropriation lulls is, that the construction given
to it afterwards may go much further than the
particular evil intended to be lemodiod would
authorize it to go, and i flunk so m rejorence to
this amendment. It seems to me that it might
apply to cases where there would be no hardships
and no evil to the public m allowing postmasters
to have locked boxes. 1 think the Postmaster
General could readily prevent any abuse of the
system hv a general regulation.
Mr PUGH. 1 thought there was to hn some
amendments offered by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He agrees to the one I
have offered.
Mr. YULEE. That will answer the purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have in my hand a paper,
called the Mountain Democrat, published in Pla-
cerville, California; and here is an advertisement
by the postmaster which I find in it:
u A. AT. Thatcher, postmaster; ofheo horns; tins office
will he Kept open dailv, Sundays excepted, trom ei<rht
o'clock in the morning until t welv<> o'ulcx k noon, and from
hull pa-t one o'clock to h:iif pn^l five o'clock m the after-
noon. buY deliver) open nt! eight o'clock, p. in."
A man who has a box can get his letters up to
eight o'clock m the evening, while a man who has
not cannot get them after half past five o'clock.
Mr. PUGH. These locked boxes that are to
be left out are open the whole twenty-four hours.
Theyaie on the outside; and the party comes
along the street and opens them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is a distinction be-
tween those having ordinary boxes and other per-
sons. Is the Senator for sanctioning it?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I am opposed to the dis-
tinction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let us have this
proposition.
Mr. PUGH. I voted to reconsider because I
understood the Senator from Florida was to pro-
pose some modification on account of the peculiar
circumstances of the delivery at San Francisco
and Sacramento. Otherwise, 1 am in favor of the
amendment, because I think it is but fair.
Mr. YULEE. I think the circumstances of
California require a discrimination. So far as
other cities are concerned, the practice has been
found to be very convenient, especially so to the
merchants; but, as the proposition to abandon the
practice comes from a commercial quarter of the
country, if they desire to dispense with the facil-
ity and benefit which they derive from the prac-
tice, I make no objection. The difference of rev-
enue derived to the Department will not be very
material. It is a question of convenience to the
commercial classes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proviso which has
been moved does not sanction in any way the
abuse suggested by the paper which the Senator
from Illinois has read, because locked boxes, as
was remarked by the Senator from Ohio, may be
opened at any time, if they are on the outside, or
at any period during the day, if they are on the
inside, out of office hours as well as m. It is an
advantage that they have, and it covers all that
ought to be saved to California. California ought
not to require, and I presume does not require,
anything else than locked boxes. Then it coveis
the. whole.
As to my friend from Vermont representing a
commercial part of the country, as the Senator
from Florida seems to suppose, that is a mistake.
He does not speak for a commercial city at all.
Plow it may be in Vermont where he lives, I do
not know; but in all laige places, such as Bos-
ton and New York, and even m smaller cities
than these, it is a remarkable convenience to have
locked boxes, and I never heard of any evil coming
from it. To be sure it does give a little advantage
to people who cannot afford to wait, and to whom
time is very valuable. The price is nothigh, and
nobody is harmed. An inequality which does
not hurt anyhody in reality, ought not to be com-
plained of. The idea that we should go to such
niceties as providing that no man shall have an
accommodation because another has not got it, al-
though that other suffers no inconvenience, and is
not harmed in any way at all, is to me carrying
the matter a little too far—much further than is
necessary. That point is not so important as the
i convenience of a very large class of our fellow-
i citizens living in large towns. I hopemyamend-
1 ment will be adopted, and then I shall have no
i objection to the proposition of the Senator from
J Vermont.
! Mr. BRODERICIv. Since this debate arose,
I have been waiting for some Senator to tell me
i why San Francisco and Sacramento should be
' excepted from this provision. The Senator from
I Florida has spoken for California. I would rather
j that my colleague or myself should speak for Cal-
1 ifornia.
I Mr. GWIN. I have spoken.
I Mr. BRODERICK. I am better acquainted
i with San Francisco than my colleague or the Sen-
! ator from Florida.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to suggest to
j tiie Senator from California, that the provision,
; as it stands, does not apply to San Francisco any
; more than to Boston, or New York, or any other
! city in the Union. It puts them all on a par.
| Mr. BRODERICK. I think these boxes are
I an abuse, and I hope they will be dispensed with.
| Mr. YULEE. I will state why I proposed to
| except California. It was because the General
! Government is charged with the business of eon-
! ducting the postal affairs of the State of Califor-
; ma, and it therefore comes under the supcrvis-
j ion of the Post Office Department and the general
I legislation of the country, as any other State;
i and inasmuch as there were peculiar circum-
' stances attending the postal administration in Cal-
ifornia which did not belong to other States, 1
thought it proper to suggest to the Senate an in-
convenience that would result there. The mails
come to California twice a month in large bulk.
The distribution, as I stated, is very protracted,
sometimes spreading through several hours, and
the merchants and others are anxious to receive
their letters as the distribution progresses. That
was the reason which I stated. There was another
reason. The Governmenthas constructed a post
office building in San Francisco, and the system
of locked boxes having been m practice at the
time it was built, it was arranged with reference
to it, with considerable expense, and it was done
because it was understood that it would be very
convenient to the inhabitants.of San Francisco
that the arrangement should be made. All the
utility of that arrngement will be lost by the
change.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to know what abuse
is intended to be remedied by this general amend-
ment if it is not in reference to locked boxes?
That is what I understand the honorable Senator
from Vermont to aim at.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am very unwilling to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate at all, and I shall say
but very few words in reply to the question of the
Senator from Delaware. I am not to disguise any
views which I have. I think the whole system
of post office boxes is unknown to the law. I
know that after the boxes were made, one law
recognized that there was such an income, and
provided that the postmaster should account for
all that he got over two thousand dollars. That
recognized it; but it has never been legitimate as
a matter of post office revenue. I acknowledge
that I am so much set on the point that the post
office should be free to all alike, that I should be
willing to demolish every box, and letevery man
have an equal chance. However convenient they
might be to gentlemen, I would demolish them
all. At the same time, I do not say my amend-
ment will necessarily produce that result. It
will produce this result: it will not allow the post-
master to permit persons who have boxes to get
their letters when the people at large cannot get
theirs at the general delivery. Now, the persons
who have boxes get their letters earlier and later
than common folks can at thegeneraldelivery;and
what for? Simply to enable the postmaster to
pocket a couple of thousand dollars of box rents.
He sells out this privilege to rich people by which
the Government agrees to be bribed to give an
advantage to a man who is able to pay for it. I
am utterly opposed to the whole thing. If you
can make regulations so as to provide that those
who have boxes shall get their letters at the same
time as other people can at the general delivery,
very well.
Mr. BAYARD. The question I ask of the
honoiable Senator front Vermont is, whether his
amendment will not be defeated by the proviso of
the Senator from Maine ? It seems to me it will.
If locked boxes remain as heretofore, the very
difficulty which the Senator wishes to correct will
remain. I am afraid of this system of general
legislation on an appropriation bill. I do not de-
sire to destroy, by an amendment which might
have that effect, the entire system of boxes, with-
out further consideration. If it is proper to do
so, do it; but let us have some bill, that we may
know exactly what is to be its scope and effect,
and not indulge in legislation on an important
appropriation bill, which may have a different
effect, when you come to give a construction to it,
from what is anticipated by Congress at the time
of its passage. I am entirely in favor of equality
of rights among all citizens in the delivery of let-
ters; but if you adopt the amendment to the amend-
ment, it seems to me that you continue the only
evil which it is said the general amendment is to
provide against.
Mr. MALLORY. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Maine is so reasonable and so just that
I should be very much surprised if it were not
adopted. The Senator from Vermont states the
case very strongly, but I think his statement is
calculated to mislead the Senate without his be-
ing aware of it. It is susceptible of the clearest
demonstration that the use of locked boxes facil-
itates, instead of retarding, the delivery of the
mads. That every man in the community gets
his letters a little sooner because of the use of
locked boxes is demonstrable. For example:
there are one hundred men in the community
whose names begin with A; each one has his box;
and in that way he can put his hand upon all his
letters, twenty in number, and get them at once.
If those letters were put into the general delivery
box, they would have to be handled over numer-
ous times before other persons could be served;
they would undergo twenty handlings before an-
other A could get his letters. If you could take
all the letters received by every mail, and divide
them off into separate piles, so that each individ-
ual's letters would be by themselves, that would
be the maximum of convenience; because, as a
