1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why, sir, it
was made by declaration to be a fundamental con-
dition to the admission of the State of Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That was a decla-
ration of Congress as to its opinion of aright, in
which opinion the Supreme Court concurred. It
was not a condition which required the assent of
Iowa to yield a sovereign right.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It was, sir,
just as I have stated; whether a sovereign right
or not. I read it once and I will read it again:
" J2n<f be it further cnartfri, That it i* made and declared
to bo a fundamental condition of the ndmis-ion of the said
State of Jowd into the Union, that to much of this act as
ielate<? to the said State of Iowa [Flornia was included]
shall he assented to by a luajouiy of the qualified doctors/'
&c
The avent of the people was required.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot yield
any more.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Very well, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have got the
gentleman just where I knew I would get him,
and where he cannot escape. The condition here
is in the act of admission. The people had to as-
sent to it. They did not assent to it, and the State
did not come in. I think I have shown the House
that the objection the gentleman urges to thw Mil
with so much vehemenceand eloquence is founded
solely upon a pretext—solely upon a pretext.
Now, I ask this House—I ask the country—if,
upon such grounds as this, if the bill is otherwise
acceptable to all sides, and will settle this ques-
tion, we are prepared to allow this Kansas ques-
tion any longer to agitate the public mmd, and
obstruct the public business, as it has been agi-
tating and obstructing it, not only during this
session and the last, but for several years past?
Does not patriotism, does not duty, does not every
consideration that should influence the patriotic
public man, demand of us, one and all, to come
together, give this measure our approval and sup-
port, remove this question from the public coun-
cils of the country, quiet the public mind, and go
on with the public business?
Mr. Speaker, I do not intend, at this stage of
the proceedings, to detain the House longet. I
am prepared, though, to defend this bill in every
part of it,and in every section ofit. I did not wish
to make a speech upon it, because I thought the
subject had been sufficiently discussed; but when
gentlemen said they wanted to debate it, I was
willing that they should debate it. And now, sir,
the debate is opened, and I throw down the gaunt-
let to the opponents of the measure. 1 hold my-
self ready to defend it from the beginning to the
end, fiom the alpha to the omega, every line of it,
every word of it; and 1 say to gentlemen that I
am willing they shall discuss it as long as they
choose, or the "Please will entertain discussion.
Mr. GfLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Georgia, before he takes his seat, whether,
in his judgment, the Lecompton constitution is or
is not submitted by this hill?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I tell the gen-
tleman frankly that it js not.
Mr. ICEITT. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to
vex ihe attention of the House with a prolonged
discussion upon the matter before it, for I know
that every phase of the subject has been exam-
ined in the protracted debate which has been had
upon it. I intend only to offer a few considera-
tions which have influenced me to the conclusion
I have arrived at. The bill reported by the com-
mittee of conference is obnoxious to me, but the
question is, whether under the circumstances, it
is not better that we should pass it?
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have been some-
what astonished at the peculiar zeal displayed hy
the member from Mai viand [Mr. Dams] in the
cause of State sovereignty and the spmt of pros-
elytism manifested by him. It had not occurred
to me before that there was any consonance be-
tween his theory of our Government, both State
and Federal, and mine. Nor do I dream now that
there is any consonance between them. What,
sir! shall the member tell me that this Federal
Government is a mighty sovereignty, spreading
wirh unity of purpose, singleness of power, and
unspent force from the Gulf to the Canadas: that
it is a colossal central system, revolving m its self-
appointed orbit,and, with resistless energy, drag-
ging the States within its circumference; and then
tell me that he is a supporter of the sovereignty
of the States? Is this the theory of my distin-
guished friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman?]
Will the member from Maryland [Mr. Dayis] tell
me that in aggrandizing the Federal Government
into a ruthless central despotism, to be wielded
by a fanatical and hostile majority, he is advocat-
ing the rights and safety of the South? If so, will
my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] feel,
that, when standing under the same banner, they
are other than opponents? No, sir; I deny that
the member from Maryland is the custodian of
the rights and sovereignty of the States. I have
been reared up in the school of politics illustrated
and adorned by my friend from {Mississippi, [Mr.
Quitman,} and there is no homogeneousness be-
tween my views of the theory and functions of
this Government and the views of the member
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] Sir, if the States
are sovereign, the Federal Government cannot be
so. There can be no partition of sovereignty be-
tween them. The doctrine of the divisibility of
sovereignty is not redeemed from contempt, even
by the impudence of its absurdities.
But, sir, we of the South have no lack of ad-
visers upon States' rights, and the policy of the
South in the present exigency of affairs. In the
Senate, Mr. SewXkd, and other leaders of the
Black Republican party, and in this House the
leaders of the same party, have advised us that we
are yielding principle, and exposing the South to
danger through this bill. When, sir, have these
gentlemen become the peculiar consorvatois of
the rights and honor of the South? or when
have they refused to seize a gain against or over
principle? The South asks not their advice, and
can protect herself against the stabs of fanati-
cism. No, sir; these intermeddling advisers fear
that agitation may be stricken with paralysis—
that fanaticism may not wear the crown of power
as securely as it now wears it—if Kansas is ad-
mitted into the Union* under this bill, and hence
come their teatftil exhortations, and hence their
lachrymose winnings over endangered principles.
Now, sir, I will pioceed to briefly examine the
bill before us, for the admission of Kansas into
the Union. The people of Kansas, in convention
at Lecompton last September, submitted to Con-
gress two piopositions for admission into the
Union. The chief and paramount proposition
was their State constitution; the second, and in-
ferior one, was their ordinance in relation to the
public lands. Tlu-y did not offer to come into the
Union, either upon the one proposition or the
other, hut upon both. Now, in this bill, we have
accepted their first and paramount proposition—
their State constitution; and have agreed to admit
fhem, so far as that is concerned. Hut they of-
fered, at the same time, another proposition—the
ordinance appropriating an exnavasant Quantity
of the puIili'• lanus; and to tins pioposiUon Con-
gress will not ueet.de. Kansas asks to be admit-
ted upon her State constitution and her land ordi-
nance, and she must b-e admitted upon both, or
rejected, or treated v. ith in relation to whatever
is unacceptable to Congress. Now Congress ac-
cepts lur State constitution; but as her land ordi-
nance is objectionable, Congress treats with her
as to that. By tins bill, the Lecompton constitu-
tion is binding, is obligatory; is, in fact, a finality.
It lives to the*extent that the proper authority in
Kansas has breathed life into it; it exists as a com-
plete political entity, to the extent that the ptopcr
authority in Kansas has shaped, framed, and made
it one. 'It is accomplished, finished, fixed; upon
if our movements are not made: our fingers do not
touch us machinery. In short, neither Congress
nor the people of Kansas have anything further
to do with the Lecompton constitution. It starts
off now through the energies implanted in it; in
other words, it mdvos into its appointed orbit
through the forces contained in its piovisions.
But"the laud ordinance is made a matter of ne-
gotiation with Kansas. How can you negotiate
with her? Her convention is junctus officio; her
State organization comes into active operation
only after her admission into the Union; and her
territorial authorities are utterly incompetent to
treat upon the subject. You cannot put her State
organism into motion, for with its interior work-
ings you have nothing to do. While the Le-
compton constitution provides for the endowment
of this State ojgamzation with active powers only
after the admission of Kansas into the Union, you
cannot treat with the territorial authorities, for
they are inferior and incompetent; you must treat,
theji, in the manner proposed in this bill, or not
treat at all. If you refuse to treat, then you must
concede to Kansas her exorbitant demands for
public lands in return for abstaining from the ex-
ercise of her right of taxation over the lands of
the United States within her limits, or you must
reject her application for admission into the
Union. Will you grant her the lands? Congress
will not. Will yen, then, refuseheradmission into
the Union? Do my southern friends wish that?
They do not. Should there be division, then,
among us ? I trust that finally there will be none.
I said,sir, that the Lecompton constitution was
an accomplished, a finished, a fixed thing; and so
it is admitted to be by the very words of this bill.
Congress, through the bill, treats with the people
of Kansas only about their land ordinance. Sup-
pose the convention had formed only the Lecomp-
ton constitution, and had offered no proposition
to Congress in relation to the public lands, but,
in advance, had agreed to take whatever quantity
of lands Congress might grant, and had made pro-
vision for the acceptance of such grants of land,
and relinquished the exercise of the right of tax-
ation over the lands of the United States, or had
created a proper body to treat with Congress upon
this subject: what then would be the status of the
case now, under the principles of this bill? There
would be nothing submitted to the vote of the
people of Kansas; and so, upon granting the lands
which we have granted, Kansas weuld now be
admitted, by the bill, as a State into the Union.
The agreement would be executed; the conditions
of the compact would be fulfilled; nothing would
be left to be done. If a proper body had been
created by the convention to treat with Congress
upon the subject, then we would treat with that
body, and an agreement with it would be final and
complete, if it had received power to act finally
and definitively.
The distinction between treating with the peo-
ple of Kansas about their proposition in relation
to the public lands, and the submission of the con-
stitution to them, is, to my mind, clear and dis-
tinct. The outline of a gossamer's thread is as
distinct and definite as that of a ship's cable; so,
a distinction may be clear and vital, though nar-
row.
Congress will not accede to the proposition of
Kansas as to the public lands. She offers to come
in if you will give her so much of them. You will
not give her the quantity she asks. Will you drag
her into the Union against her will? Will you
make her a State in the Union if she refuses to be
one? Will you derogate from her convention ?.
Will yon strangle her sovereignty in its very birth;
or will you respect her wishes, and treat with her
as a State to be the equal of the States in the CJnion?
Suppose Kansas comes in; and, despite your con-
ditions subsequent, claims all the lands within her
boundaries: what will you do? Will you drag
her before your tribunals here to plead her cause
of sovereignty, and receive judgment from your
courts? Plow will you bring her before them?
What writ wiil you serve upon a sovereign State ?
What posse comitatus will you summon to take her
into custody? And, if you suo out a judgment
against herj how will you execute it? Will you
enact a foice bill, and send your armies to tread
her down intosubmission,and with fireand sword
to harry her soil until her ruined and wretched
people shall kneel before you in dependence and
in chains? Think you that you can perform a drama
like this' Think you that your skies can redden
with the fires of civil war, and your soil he drenched
with blood, and this Government live on? No;
infatuation cannot go thus far. Plow else will you
proceed in the contingency I have alluded to?
Would you depose ^her from her sovereignty?
Can you do it ? Would you dismiss her from the
Union ? Can you do it? And if you could, what
then ?
Sir, there is no compromise of principle, much
less is there a sacrifice of principle or a surrender
of principle, m this bill, as well as my judgment
can determine its provisions. It must pass, or
Kansas will beiefused admission into the Union.
What will we gain by her rejection.^ She has
been the fruitful mother of constitutions; and
shall we gam by the multiplication of her proge-
ny ? Illegitimate conventions have sprung from
her bosom, like mushrooms from a rotten trunk;
stained and bastard constitutions have been
