T?8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
rich lips up to the husbandman. In the midst of;
embittered contests the election for members of
the Territorial Legislature took place. The re-
sult created intense strife, for the stake was too
deep to be quietly acquiesced in by either strug-
gling party, and, from that day to this, it has
known no cessation. A portion of the people of
Kansas have always refused to acknowledge the
laws; have always refused to exercise the power of
changing them, by voting at the regular elections,
until, when the President came into office, he
found this fatal inheritance upon him; rebellion
actually existing^and advocated, not only against
the territorial laws, but against the Federal au-
thority itself, and every effort made to bring about
acts of lawlessness ana anarchy. Whatever diffi-
culties exist at this hour; whatever may be th$
complications of the Kansas question, they have
all resulted from the systematic and premeditated
refusal of a mass of the people to vote at any
election, except one established by the territorial
laws. An act was passed, submitting to the people
whether or not a convention should be called to
form a constitution for the State of Kansas; a por-
tion of the people refused to be registered; threw
every obstacle in the way of taking a full census;
and finally refused to vote at all. The convention
met and framed a constitution, and although, by
the organic act, that hody possessed the power of
ordaining and establishing it, it was submitted, in
its most material part, to every free white male
inhabitant; and for the fifth time a mass again
withheld their votes. If those, who thus refused
to rest upon their privileges, constitute a majority
of the people of Kansas, they cannot now avoid
the issue' which they have voluntarily and persist-
ently made.
On the one side, therefore, we have a portion
of the people of Kansas and the Territorial Le-
gislature, by resolutions now on file among the
proceedings of this House, setting up the Topeka
constitution, formed by a voluntary assemblage,
without law, without even the semblance of law,
and against the consent of the established author-
ities; on the other, we have the Lecompton con-
stitution, created under legal sanction, and sup-
ported by a regular successiou of legal authority.
Both constitutions weie submitted to the people;
but in each cusc there was a vast difference in the
mode of submission. The Topeka constitution,
without permitting a vote on the subject, forever
prohibited slavery; and it was presented to the
people with the alternative of either voting for it
as it stood, or having no State government at all.
The Lecompton constitution—embodying all the
material parts of the Topeka constitution, consti-
tutional privileges, bill of rights, and all, includ-
ing the clause prescribing the mode of making
amendments after 1864, and affirming merely the
decision of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott
case—was submitted to the people as a constitu-
tion with slavery or without slavery, as they
might themselves determine. The mere man-
ner of the submission, therefore, specified in the
schedule, could not fix upon the people of Kan-
sas a constitution in any essential particular dif-
ferent from the Topeka constitution, except upon
the single, isolated question of slavery, which
was left to their free decision, so far as they could
control it, under the Federal Constitution as ex-
pounded by the. highest judicial tribunal m the
land. On the one side, therefore, we have a legal
movement, carried out to a practical result, in def-
erence to judicial authority. On the other side
we have the embodiment of loose masses, acting
upon what they choose to term organic sover-
eignty, not only without the sanction of law, but
in open defiance of all established authority. We
have legality on one side, and lawlessness on the
other.
The then existing Legislature of Kansas hav-
ing empowered a convention of delegates to form
a government, with the single condition'that the
same should be republican, it may become essen-
tial to inquire whether, in that view, it is neces-
sary to submit the same to the people for ratifica-
tion, to give it validity. Can such a constitution
be formed by the people of any Territory in defi-
ance of all law, and ail existing legal authority?
Can they, in primary meetings, without law, by
the simple power of numbers, frame a govern-
ment within an already established government,
and, without express legal sanction, overthro w it ?
Sir, under the principles of our Government, this,
whether in a State, or in a Territory, is not re-
form, it i3 revolution; and the Federal Govern-
ment is armed with express power to suppress it,
not only by the Constitution, but by the act of
1795. Our fathers anticipated just such questions,
from the prevalence of unsound doctrines, as we
have had to meet; and it was first proposed in the
Federal convention " that a republican constitu
lion, and its existing laws, ought to be guarantied
to each State by the United States;" but it was
finally modified to guaranty to each State a repub-
lican form of government. Now, as the Consti-
tution specifies that the only condition which shall
be required of a State, preparatory to admission
into the Union, is that her constitution must be
a republican one; and as the Constitution specifies
the same condition for the continuance of a State
in the Union as is required for her admission
into it, let us see what that term "republican"
means.
Sir, under our system of government everybody
knows that the people are the original source of
all political power; yet there is no mode for a ma- ;
jority to manifest their will except in conformity ;
with and in subordination to established law. Thie
very objects of constitutions are to limit and de-
fine the powers to be exercised by the officers to
whom the people may commit the different de-
partments of the government; and the people, by
both constitutions and laws, impose restraints
upon their own rapacity, violence, and passions;
and the majority, not less than the minority, are
bound by all, until a legal and constitutional change
is made. It was well said by Madison, in the de-
bates in the Virginia Convention, on the adoption
of the Federal Constitution,'that—
<kThe tuibulence, violence, and abuse of power by the
majority trampling on the rights of the minority, have pro-
duced tactions and commotions, and these, m republics,
moio than any other causc, have produced do&pouMii. It'
we go over the whole history of ancietu and modern repub-
lics, we shall find their destruction to have generally result-
ed from those causes. If we consider )he ppcuhar condi-
tion of the United" States, and go to the souices of that
diversity of scmiment which pervades its inhabitants, we
shall find great danger to fear that the *-aine causes may
terminate here in thesame fatal effects which they produced
in those republics.''5
Sir, according to the principles of our Govern-
ment, it is the majority of votes given at any pre-
scribed election, and not the votes withheld by the
people, which must determine the result. The
Constitution of the United States might have been
adopted and put in operation by a minority of
the whole people A minority of the people of
the United States may elect a President. A mi-
nority of the people may forever pre vent all amend-
ment to that instrument. A minority of the people
of any State may adopt the constitution if a ma-
jority prove derelict to their duties and refuse to
vote. Not less than seven States of this Union,
whose constitutions have been submitted to tho
people within the last iwenty years, are now or-
ganized by a minority; and I call the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to this pregnant
fact, for, as in the case of that State, if the care is
taken to compare the vote cast against the consti-
tution, and then estimate and add to it the vote
which was not given at all, it will be found in every
instance that the aggregate outnumbers the vote
which was given in the affirmative. The last con-
stitution of Pennsylvania was adopted in the year
1836 by a minority of the whole people of Penn-
sylvania. And yet you talk to me of popular sov-
ereignty. Such was the case in Virginia. The
last constitution of Virginia is the act of a minority
of the people, if you estimate the number of votes
cast in the regular State election. All our expe-
rience proves that the vote given upon the ratifi-
cation or rejection of any State constitution is rel-
atively smaller than the vote cast at any excited
political election. The reason possibly may be
that the fundamental principles of our Govern-
ment are so well settled that one State constitution
is merelythc reflex or transcript of another; and
the people feel stronger the necessity of selecting
propermen tocarryoutthose principles,than they
do in the mere elemental enunciation of the prin-
ciples themselves.
Sir, the whole theory of our Government pro-
ceeds upon the assumption that the people cannot
be in default, or derelict to themselves, because
the power, subject to legal restrictions, is always
in their own hands. After a constitution has been
put in operation, they arc estopped from resorting
to any means todisturb it,exceptthe legal means;
and using these, and these alone, they can o  ly
remedy the consequences of their own folly in ab-
staining from voting, or in absenting themselves
from the polls. These undeniable truths have a
direct application in the case now before us; and
for that reason I ask that three editorials from the
Herald of Freedom, the organ of the Republican
party in Kansas, may be published herewith as
appendix No. 1.
The great American idea—that which distin-
guishes this from all other Governments which
have ever existed—consist^ in the exercise of the
powers of the people by delegation or represent-
ation. While popular sovereignty, acting by ma
jorities, r^ust act under the hxws, it is precisely
because the people cannot act in mass that the
right to choose a representative is each citizen's
portion of organic sovereign power. Before the
will of the people be ascertained, the law must
prescribe the mode and the manner in which that
will shall be designated and expressed. If any
portion of the people, it boots not why, do not
choose to avail themselves of their own rights
under the law, they must necessarily and uhavoid -
ably be governed by those who do. Any other
liberty than this is not American liberty; it is
Parisian liberty; it is Mexican liberty. The op-
eration of our system under these restrictions
becomes harmonious and beautiful; and the ballot-
box with us becomes as infallible as the magic
box of the enchanter, which healed every wound
and cured Wery disease.
The American distinction between a convention
and a Legislature implies only a difference in
power and authority, A Legislature can act under
a constitution; and it is the only competent body
to call a convention to change it. Through these
mediums the whole power and majesty of the peo-
ple are as fully exercised as if each man were pres-
ent as an active participator. It is, indeed, th$
percolation of the will of the people through the
Legislature, and thence through a convention,
that, like the filtration of water through porous
stones, clears and purifies it. The people can ex-
ercise no act of supremacy or legislation at all,
except by assembling all in a mass convention of
the whole State,and taking the vote by the head,
or by chosen representatives. As the first is im-
possible, the last became here the grand advanced
idea in politics; and the exercise of individual sov-
ereignty was made to consist in the choice of rep-
resentatives, with such powers as the people de-
cided to give them. The very power competent to
bind the people in other respects is competent to
bind them in the formation of a constitution. The
idea of resubmission to the people themselves of a
constitution for ratification or rejection, or legis-
lative acts which they had expressly authorized,
was not the idea of republicanism at the era of the
Revolution, nor at the time the Federal Constitu-
tion wasformed. That great instrument, the most
majestic product of intellect in the world, is not
j the woik of the people of the Union, as a whole
i or as an aggregate mass. There is no provision
j anywhere in it, nor no law passed under it, nor
| no stipulation by the Federal convention, by
j which it was possible to ascertain whether a ma-
; jority of the whole people of the United States,
: counted by numbers, were in favor of it or not.
: John Adams, in one of his letters to Jay, says if
j it had been submitted directly to the people, it
! would have been voted down. It came very near
i being defeated in several of the State conventions
| by the delegates of the people who were empow-
! ered to consider it. It was the discussion and
scrutiny of deliberative bodies which saved it, to
; throw its broad blessings over this continent.
I Four of the present States of this Union, contain-
! ing a majority .of the whole population, could have
! rejected the Constitution, and yet it would have
I been bindingas a Constitution of the United States
j upon the nine States which ratified it, containing
j a minority of the people.
i The Declaration of Independence itself, was not
the act of the people, counting by the head. That
; great deed which changcd our relations to the
i whole world, never was submitted to the peopje.
It was the work of delegates appointed by a con-
vention in each of the colonies, each colony acting
for itself. Thev were vested with a general grant
of power, " to consent and agree to all measures
which said Congress shall deem necessary to ob-
tain redress for American grievances." They
announced themselves as acting as the represent-
