2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
—and I think I can speak for every other new
State—that among that people who depend on
their daily labor for their subsistence, when the
rate of postage stood at twenty-five cents I never
heard the first complaint against it. Every man
paid his twenty-five cents for a letter, and was glad
and proud to receive one. He would probably
give fifty cents as readily for the pleasure it gave
him to receive a letter, believing it to be from some
absent friend, or relating to a matter of import-
ance. I never heard a complaint against it in
my country, even when specie was not to be had
except at a large premium, amidst the breaking
of banks in 1839 and 1840; and we could not get
letters out of the post office except by paying spe-
cie, and we had no circulation except paper, and
very bad paper at that. You reduced the postage
to five cents for the benefit of a fe\v cities. That
reduction resulted successfully, and everything
was going on pretty well, when you still further
reduced the postage to three cents. The repre-
sentatives of the new States voted against it. We
knew that every time we corresponded with a
merchant at the East, and sent him our orders
to transmit us goods, he charged us with the
postage of the letter, and added it to the price of
the goods. So it is with all the correspondence
we send to the cities. They make their business
profits by estimating all that it costs them to con-
duct their business; and the price of postage is
one of the elements that enters into the calcula-
tion. You rcduced the postage to three centsfor
the convenience of cities, and destroyed the rev-
enue of the Department. You did itin obedience
to what was proclaimed to be the example which
had been set us by England, where postage had
been brought down to a very low rate. You did
not consider the difference of circumstance be-
tween the two countries. England is a dense
country, and the towns are a very short distance
apart, so that correspondence can be very easily
conducted. Probably between the extremist
points there is not a gi eater distance than a thou-
sand miles, and perhaps correspondence there will
not ordinarily average more than a distance of
twenty-five miles over which it is to be carried.
Some of our mails, however, have to be carried
ten thousand miles, and a thousand miles is a very
common distance. The consequence of reducing
the rate to three cents is that the Post Office De-
partment^ the very first collapse of public pios-
perity that occurs—and I considei the recent one
as but exceedingly small—is thrown entn.-ly on
the public Treasury. This bill contain,s an appio-
priation of 500,000 from flic Treasury to sup-
port the Department. You are boirowmg money
for the purpose of doing this.
The same cities which procured the reduction
will perhaps protest against raising the postage;
yet they are the ones that more immediately con-
tribute the money that goes into the Treasury. As
gentlemen of intelligence and sense, why should
we not at once say, let the .system support itself;
and theie can be no possible mistake that it will
be justly done m laying the tax, for this is, per-
haps, in its action, the most equal and just tax
that it is in the power of the Government to lay.
Itis a tax on those who write letters and receive
them. The Government should regulate the
charge by the expense, and that is the idea upon
which the system originated.
Those of us who represent the new States never
voted for the*?" reductions, hecauso we saw the
result would be to reduce the revenues fiom our
States,so that when we ask the Postmaster Gen-
eral to give us mail facilities, he says " your rev-
enue docs not amount to anything." In many
instances, I have had to get him to consentto put
lines in operation for the profits they would yield,
the Post Office Department giving up all jurisdic-
tion over them, and no few lines have been con-
ducted in that way in my own State. The prin-
ciple of the Department is that we shall have no
more facilities than our revenue entitles us to.
When we propose to raise the price so as to per-
mit us to obtain enough revenue, the Congress
of the United States says the price shall not be
raised, and, therefore, we shall have no mail facil-
ities. This is the operation of the system \ipon
us. That, however, is more a local e.omplaint,
•which I do not press on the Senate; but I call at-
tention to the fact, that the Government now is
in straitened circumstances, and there is not a
gentleman here, of enlarged intelligence, who
would not, if he himself were at the head of this
Government, say that the Post Ofiice Department
ought to sustain itself, when it can do so under
the fairest system of taxation yet devised, each
man paying for his own letter. We have the
evidence before us that the Department is not sup-
porting itself, and, therefore, that the rates of
postage ought to be raised. With these views,
i submit the amendment, and I hope the Senate
will express a candid and conscientious opinion
upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I concur very heartily in the
views which have been presented by my friend
from Arkansas; and I believe that if we could in-
duce Congress to adopt such a provision as this,
it would be one of the best things done at this
session. There is no> doubt that the revenues of
the Post Office Department are falling very far
behindhand. The expenses of the Post Office
Department are very far ahead of its revenue. I
introduced, upon leave, I think a month since, a
bill, the object of which was to increase the rev-
enue from postage. That bill was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
it has never been acted upon by that committee
or returned to the Senate. I have been waiting
for that bill to be reported for the puipose of ask-
ing the Senate to take action upon the subject.
The deficiencies which are appropriated in this
bill, $3,500,000, I am afraid are not much over
half what will be required for the next fiscal year.
I am afraid they will come to at least live millions;
and the danger is, that unless we do raise the
postage, we shall have a drain from the Treasury
for the service of the Post Office Department equal
to that which we now experience from either the
Army or the Navy. I offered no such amend-
ment here, because I did not hope that we could
carry through any such reform on this bill, and I
do not now press it^is otherwise I would. I will
simply say in regard to it, that I had an estimate
from the Auditor of the Post Office Department,
i showing that the bill which I presented (and Us
chief feature was an increase of the rate of post-
' age under three thousand miles from three to five
j cents; and there were also some provisions in
! regard to newspaper postage, which would have
i aided the revenue) would have added to the en-
j tire revenues of the Department for the present
j year about three millions and a half. 1 will not,
, however, press this matter now further than to
' say that I will vote for this amendment with a
; great d"al of pleasure.
Mr GWIN. 1 hope theSenatorfrom Arkansas
1 will strike out the latter part of his amendment,
' so that it will simply prbvide that the postage on
: letters carried three thousand miles or under shall
1 be five cents.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is that modi-
; fication necessary to secure the Senator's vote for
i my amendment?
I Mr. GWIN. Not at all.
j\3 r. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I would
; rather keep the amendment as it is, and show the
: public exactly how the matter stands.
; i\lr. GWIN. I shall vote for the proposition
I with great pleasure in any form, because I know
s perfectly well that you will not bring our postages
I down. You raised them from six to ten cents,
: while you brought the others down to three cents,
i That is the law at present; and therefore, I sug-
!-ge$>te(l that it was not necessary to reenact it in
i CtySra proposition.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If we simply
| proposed to raise the postages for all distances
j under three thousand miles, a great many people
I would suppose that the postage for distances over
| three thousand miles was only three cents.
! Mr. PUGH. I would suggest to the Senator
! from Arkansas that letters earned less than a thou-
| sand miles ought not to be charged five cents, if
I wc are to make distinctions on account of distance,
j I think it would be better to let three cents remain
| as the rate for any distance under a thousand
! miles, and that would strengthen the proposition.
; [" Oh, no."]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I know very
well that the main contribution to the post office
revenue comes directly from commercial sources;
but we all know that commercial men look for the
return of their investments from those with whom
they deal, and they always get it with a profit. 1
speak in behalf of the consumers, and I know that
i! the consumers are perfectly willing to pay this
much for their correspondence. We shall pay it
most willingly; and upon us at last falls the bur-
den, for the commercial men charge it to us. I
know that those who are not consumers, and who
are subjected to a tax on account of friendly cor-
respondence, never measure the cost; and, even
if their letters were only to go five miles, lovers
and friends would as soon pay five cents as three
cents generally.
Mr. RICE. I must confess that I do not un-
derstand this question very well, but it strikes
me, in the first place, that this is a revenue meas-
ure, and that, according to the Constitution, all
revenue bills must originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives. I must say, furthermore, that I can-
not see why Congress should make appropriations
out of the Treasury to pay postage on letters any
more than to pay for the bread that the people
eat. It seems to me that the postage system should
be so established as to pay its own expenses. I
shall not detain the Senate; I merely make these
points as they have suggested themselves to my
mind, leaving it to older and abler men to eluci-
date the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the amendment
by adding to it, (( and that the franking privilege
be abolished." Let us go at it effectually, if we
want to produce reform.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will vote with
the Senator from Ohio, for his proposition, as a
separate measure, but f do not wish to embarrass
my amendment with it.
Mr. PUGH. I am in favor of the general views
of the Senator from Arkansas, but I am not satis-
fied that this is the place for us to cut, unless we
cut something more than the Senator from Atk-
ansas proposes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will go for
the Senator's proposition, as a separate measure,
with all my heart, but there are others who have
doubts about it, and I do not wish it to complicate
the question on my amendment. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw it.
Mr. PUGH. I will withdraw it, if the Senator
thinks it interferes with his proposition. An or-
ganized system of cutting off extravagance I am
ready to vote for; but to increase the rate of post-
age, which will operate hardly upon poor people,
and within twenty-four hours of our having voted
an immense gratuity to the Collins line, seems to
me to be a system of economy that is not very
well calculated to commend itself.to the people.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not withdraw his amendment, but will insist
upon it. I think that if the franking privilege
were abolished, the present rates of postage would
sustain the Department.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my amendment, and
give notice that if the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas is now catried, I shall vote against
it in the Senate unless you take back the gratu-
ity to the Collins line.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have voted
with th* gentleman against the Collins line.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe the country is to-
tally unprepared for any movement raising the
rates of postage. Whatever merit there maybe
in the proposition, I think this is a wrong time
for it. I, for that reason, irrespective of all oth-
ers, shall vote against the amendment. I wish,
also, to give another reason for my vote. I voted
against discilmmating postage on the ground of
distance as a measure calculated to alienate the
sections of the Union, the East from the West.
That existing distinction is recognized and car-
ried out by this amendment; and if I were pre-
pared to go into this measure as a measure of re-
form, I should still be obliged to vote against it
because it continues this discrimination.
The question being taken by yea^ and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messr?. Benjamin, Bnght, Ikoderick, Brown,
Clay, Clmgman, Davis, Fitch, (Jwin, Hunter, Johnson of
Aiknnsas, Johnson of Tenne-^ee, Maltory, Pfarce, Polk,
iieid, Sebastian, Thomson of New Jersey, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Mesns. Bigler, Chandler, Clark, Doolittie, Doug-
la-,, fessenden, Foster, Hamlin, King, Pugh, Rice, Sew-
ard, Stuait, Wilson, and Wuglit—15
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I move to add to the section just
adopted:
And after the Ibt day of December, 1858, no privilege of
