1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISM
stand; that there can be no such thing as an ex-
isting State, organized within the national terri-
tories, outside of the Union, and without the con-
sent of the Federal Government; that there can
be, under our Constitution, no new Sfate right-
fully organized within a United States Terrkory
except it be organized in consonance with the
Constitution of the United States, and with the
content of the Government of the United States
given to such State*organization,eitherpreviously
or subsequently to its formation, and before the
admission of such State into the Union. That is
the position of Madison, that is the Republican
position, and that seems to be the position of the
gentleman from Georgia. Sir, other precedents
justify me in saying that conditions and restric-
tions upon the organization of State governments
within the Territories may be imposed by the
Congress of the United States. I speak now of
new States organized within the Territories of the
Union more particularly. I do not wish to speak
now of the organization of new States within the
territory of a single State of the Union. That
belongs to another provision of the Constitution,
and we have nothing to do with it in this issue.
We have other precedents, sir, for the position
we assume of this power of Congress to impose
limitations and restrictions upon new States—pre-
cedents furnished by the action of the fathers of
the Constitution.
Sir, there was a condition precedent in the act
providing for the admission of the State which I
have the honor, in part, to represent, and which
authorized the people of Ohio to frame a State con-
stitution and government pr< paratory to their ad-
mi.^sion into the Union. That condition prece-
dent was this:
"That the constitution so to be formed by the people of
the Temtory of Ohio shall not be repugnant to the sixth
article of the ordinance of 1787."
What was that article ? It was, sir:
" That slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a pun-
ishment for cnme, should be forever piohibited."
Upon that condition the State of Ohio was per-
mitted to organize a constitution,and to come into
the Union. The men who framed that statute,
and who voted for it in this and in the other Hall,
did not get this new idea into their heads, that the
people of a Territory might frame a constitution
and organize a State government, and demand ad-
mission into the Union upon the simple condition
that their constitution should be republican. What
is a republican government? A republican gov-
ernment is simply a government where the sover-
eign authority is exercised through delegates or
representatives chosen by the people. The Con-
gress of 1802, which provided for the admission
of the State of Ohio, thought that there was some-
thing more than a republican constitution to be
framed; and hence they put in the other condition
precedent, that the constitution of Ohio should not
be repugnant to the sixth article of the ordinance
of 1787, which forever prohibited slavery. Ohio
came into the Union under that condition prece-
dent; and for six years after her admission, and
by force of this very restriction, she was denied
the privilege of engrgingiu the foreign slave trade,
which was being carried on by the original States
under the express reservation of the Constitution
of the United Slates, which authorized that trade
until the year 1808 by any of the oiiginal thirteen
States.
That same condition precedent was applied to
the State of Illinois, and upon a strict compliance
with that condition was she permitted to come
into the Union. The same condition precedent
was applied to the State of Indiana; and without
that condition complied with she would not have
been permitted to come into the Union. Her peo-
ple petitioned Congress to repeal that restriction,
and Congress reported through Randolph, of Ro-
anoke, against the repeal, and refused to do it.
Now, sir, on these conditions precedent I might
rest this argument; but there is yet another of
great significance—the celebrated joint resolution
which authorized the admission of Texas mlo
the Union. The whole territory embraced within
the limits of that State—notwithstanding the as*
sorted sovereignty of the State—was by a condi-
tion precedent set forth in the act of admission,
subjected to certain conditions and restrictions
imposed upon no other State of the Union. Upon
this point i challenge contradiction.
What is the general provision of the Constitu-
tion? Simply that new States may be admitted
by Congress into the Union; also, that further
provision, u that no new State shall be formed or
erected within the jurisdiction of any other State,
nor any State be formed by the junction of two
or more States, or parts of Srates, without the con-
sent [in the latter case] of the Legislatures of the
States concerned, as well as of Congress." And
what was the condition precedent annexed to the
admission of the State of Texas ? I will read the
act that there may be no misunderstanding of it.
It is as follows:
"Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jltnerica Congress assembled) That
Congress (loth consent that the teiutoiy pioperly included
within, and rightfully belonging to the Itepublic of Texas,
may be erected into ;i new Suite, to be call- d the State ot
Texas, with a republican torin ot government, to be adopted
by the people of said Itepublic, by depuues in convention
assembled, with the consent of the existing Government, in
order that the same may be admitted as one of the States of
this Union.
" 2. And be it further resolved, That the foregoing con-
sent of Congress is given upon the following conditions, and
with the following guarantees, to wit: First, Said State to
be foimed, subject to the adjustment, by this Government,
of all questions of boundary that may anse with other Gov-
ernments; and the constitution theicof, with the piopei evi-
dence of it* adoption by the ppopl<*of«?aid Itepublic of Texas,
shall be transmitted to the President of the United Stares,
to be laid before Congiess for us tinal action, on or before
the lit day of Januaiy, 1846. Sccond, Said State, when
admitted into the. Union, after ceding to the United States
all public edifices, fortifications, bat racks, ports and har-
bors, navy and navy-yards, docks magazines, arms, aima-
menN, and all other propeity and mcaiw pertaining to the
public defense belonging to'said Itepublic of Texas, fchall
retain all the public funds, debts, taxes, and dues of every
kind, winch may belong to, or be due and owing said Ite-
public; and shail also retain all the vacant and unappro-
pnated lands Ijing within its limits, to be applied to the pay-
ment of the debts and liabilities ot said Republic of Texas,
and the residue of said lands, after dwchaigina said debts
and liabilities, to be disposed of as ^aid State may direct;
but in no event aie said debts and liabilities to become a
charge upon the Government ot the United States. Third,
New States, of convenient size, not exceeding four in num-
ber, m addition to said State of Texas, and having sufficient
population, may hereafter, by the consent of said State, be
ioiuied out of the territory thereof, which shall be entitled
to admission under the piovisions of the Federal Constitu-
tion. And such Stales as may be formed out of that portion
of baid territory lying south oi 3t3° 30' noith latitude, com-
monly known as the Missouri compromise line, shall be ad-
mitted into the Union with or without slavery, as the people
ot each State asking admission may desne. And m such
State or States as shall be formed out of said teriitory north
of said Missouri compiomise line, blaveiy or mvoluntaiy
servitude(except lor cnme) shall be prohibited."
There is a restriction upon State sovereignty—
Texas as a State, as well as the new States here-
after to be formed within the limits of Texas,
are bound and fettered by that resitictiou—by
its terms no new State can hereafter be formed
within the territory of Texas and admitted into the
Union, unless such State so to be formed, north
of 36° 30' noith latitude, shall forever exclude
slavery.
Sir, with these precedents, and the great and
commanding authorities of Jefferson and Madi-
son, who signed the statutes I have cited, itseems
to me it is not necessary to multiply arguments
upon the subject of the power of Congress to im-
pose these restrictions, and thus limit State sov-
ereignty.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I wish to make one sug-
gestion here, and that is that the gentleman from
Geoigia, [Mr. Stephens,] voted for those reso-
lutions for the admission of Texas.
Mr. BINGHAM. ' That is consistent with his
aigument here to-day; in claiming that the Con-
gress of the United States may impose conditions
precedent upon the admission of new States with-
in the limits of the Constitution. That vote of lus
asserted the right of Congress to exclude slavery
within new States. That is where 1 want to place
him; that is where he belongs, and where I belong.
I do not recognize the right of live hundred men,
or five hundred thousand men, to establish any :
State constitution, or government, any where with- i
in the territories of the United States, without the j
consent of the people of the United States ex-
pressed either previously or subsequently, through
their representatives in Congress assembled.
This btings hip, therefore, to the point now be-
fore us. I do not find fault with this bill because
it asserts the power of Congress to annex con-
ditions precedent upon which alone the State of
Kansas is to come into the Union. I find fault
with this bill because, in myjudgment, jt is a great
ciime, not only against the people of Kansas, but
against the Constitution of our common country,
and against the sacred rights of human nature.
Gloze that bill over with what words, you may,
it is a written crime; enact it into a Jaw, and it will
be a legislative atrocity engrossed upon parch-
ment. Dignify this act with what title you please,
history, stern, truthful, impartial history, will
entitle it "An act to take away the liberties of
American citizens." That this bill is a crime,
I v/ili try to show. In the first place, this bill
does not submit, as the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] very frankly acknowledges, to
the people of Kansas the question, whether they
will approve or rejcct the Lecompton constitu-
tion.
Instead of that, sir, it submits to them a
in the way of lands and money, and says to them,
*'if you will vote for this proposition you may come
into the Union under the constitution framed at
Lecompton on the 7th day of November, 1857;
but if you reject this bribe the penalty which will
follow shall be that you shall not come into the
Union as a State until you shall have a popula-
tion equal to the ratio of representation at the time
of your subsequent application." I say such a
thing is without precedent in the legislation of the
country; is unauthorized by and in direct contra-
vention of the Constitution of the United States.
There is nothing in the Constitution of the United
States which gives colorable authority for such
legislation. There is nothing in the past legisla-
tion of this country that gives colorable authority
for it. It is a simple act of despotism attempted
to be enacted here by the Congress of the United
States under cover of that Constitution which
bears the peerless name of Washington. It were
better, sir, that that sacred instrument should
perish as though smote by the lightning of heaven,
than that any such act as that now proposed
should bo placed upon pur statute-book. What
is it? Why, that the Congress of the United
States shall dictate to freemen that they shall ac-
ceptunder pains and penalties a bribe, and thereby
become subject to a constitution which they never
made, which they abhor, and which they have
condemned ! I say, and say it without the fear
of contradiction, that tiie genius of our Constitu-
tion is this: that new State constitutions must
emanate ftom the people within the limits of the
proposed State, and from no other source. In
framing a State constitution, they are subject to
the limitations of the Federal Constitution, and
the limitations or restrictions imposed by acts of
Congress. They may do anything in framing
their constitution that is not inconsistent with the
provisions of that instrument, or of such restrictive
enactments. The moment they violate these pro-
visions, their constitution ought to be rejected by
Congress. That is our positron.
But this bill assumes the very contrary and pro-
vides that Congress shall adopt a constitution
which was framed by conspirators at Lecompton.
The people of Kansas never framed it, by dele-
gates or otherwise. On the contrary, on the 4th
day of last January, ten thousand of the lawful
voters of that Territory, a large majority of all
its qualified electors, condemned this instrument
at the ballot-box. They never framed that instru-
ment. It was framed, I admit, by delegates at
Lecompton; but, as I had occasion to say on a
former occasion, they were delegates whom the
people had never chosen, nor authorized to be
chosen, and thpy only sat in safety at Lecompton
under cover of Federal bayonets. That fact ia
notorious; and the President of the United States,
who is to-day, by the use of his patronage, en-
gineering this infernal proposition through the
Congress of the United States, came before this
body, and by his message of the 2d day of Feb-
ruary last, concedes to us and to the world, that
the people of Kansas never framed this constitu-
tion. What does he say, sir? Why, he says
in that message, amongst other things, that ever
since the day of his inauguration—namely, the
4th of March, 1857—the people of Kansas have
been in open rebellion against the government es-
tablished there by Congress. He says further,
that they wished during all that time to establish
a revolutionary government under the so-called
Topeka constitution. He says further, and there-
in lies the confession of the truth of this matter,
that they were arrayed in such numbers against
the txisting authorities in that Territory, that
they would have overturned the territorial gov-
ernment—out of which sprung tins Lecompton
constitution—but for the fact, to use his own
