1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
atives of the United States, in general Congress |
assembled, when they appealed to the Supreme ;
Judge of the world for the rectitude of their inten- j
tions. Rhode Is'and existed from the Revolution j
up to 1842, under a royal charter from Charles ,
II., granted in 1663. But from the first colonial !
constitution, formed by Virginia 5th July, 1776,
down to the" last of the original Thirteen, not one
of them was submitted to the people; but their
delegates, in convention assembled, ordained and
established them, in compliance with the plenary
powers granted to them by the people themselves,
or the Legislature. In the case of Maryland,
whose constitution was adopted on the 14th of
August, 1776, it was expressly provided that
nothing in this form of government which relates
to the eastern shore particularly, shall at any time
hereafter be altered, unless for the alteration and
confirmation thereof at least two thirds of all the
members of each branch of the General Assembly
shall concur.
But the principle for which we are contending
may be made at once apparent by the case of
Rhode Island, the merits of which were brought
before the Supreme Court, in the trial of Luther
vs. Borden. Voluntary meetings of the people,
without the consent of the existing charter gov-
ernment, or any law for the purpose, were held,
and resulted in the choice of delegates to form a
new constitution to be submitted to the people for
their ratification or rejection. Those who were j
opposed to the mode took no part in the proceed- I
ings,and refusedtovote. Thrdclegatesthuschosen |
met in convention, and submitted their work to j
the people under voting qualifications and officers j
prescribed by themselves. Those who weie op-
posed to the pi oceedings, again refused to vote. On
the returns of the election, however, the conven-
tion declared that the constitution was adopted by >
a majority of the people of the State, and at- 1
tempted to put it in operation by elections for all ;
officers to serve under it, and the new government
was accordingly organized, and came in direct
conflict with the old one, which had never re-
ceived the sanction of the people by a direct vote,
although they had lived under it for two hundred
years. The convention proceeded upon thegen-
eral principles that the sovereignty of the people
is supreme, and may act in forming government
against an already existing government without
law; and that they are the sole judges of the form
of governmentbestcalculated to promote their own
happiness. The result was, the two governments
were brought into the necessity of deciding the
contest by arms, as must be the case in every in-
stance of the kind. The charter government was
sustained, and the Legislature under it—the only !
competent body—called a convention, and a con- [
stuution was formed Dy it which is now in opera- j
tion. j
A republican constitution, then, means a system i
of fundamental rules, principles, and ordinances, :
for the government of a State or nation, formed ;
and adopted under legal restraints and with legal
sanction. This was the idea of our fathers. This!
is the idea embodied in the Federal compact. j
Sir, this doctrine of the people acting m mass |
upon primary organic sovereignty, is found prac- I
tically exemplified nowhere, on the face of this I
globe, but in the single canton of Appenzel, in I
Swilzeiland, where, in the midst of the eternal I
glaciers,all the males over twenty-one years meet j
semi-annually to legislate, each with arms in his ]
hands! France,in the wildest,bloodiest,period of1
her revolution, had it; and it found its fittest exem- !
plification when its great prototype and advocate, .
Marat, proposed a Dictator, with a cannon ball j
chained to his leg, that he might always be in the i
powerof the people; or, when the infuriated mob j
gathered at the foot of the guillotine, and like hu- ;
man ghouls and vampires, lapped up the warm j
blood which streamed beneath the glittering blade! j
Oursystem was expressly formed to guard against j
these dire results. Shall we countenance aprin- !
eiple which must inevitably leave it m ruins?;
Shall we, shall this Union, countenance a prin-
ciple which will plunge us into all of theexcesses
of the wildest period of the French revolution?
On the adoption of the Federal Constitution by J
the States, their constitutions remained the same; |
and they were changed from time to time only in 1
the mode therein prescribed. Sir, the very prin- I
ciple of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and the !
issue now presented to the country by the Le- ■
compton constitution, was embodied in the case
of Vermont, before the Constitution of the United
States was fotmed, and under the old Articles of
Confederation. Vermont was the first State ad-
mitted into the Union. Her present existence
dates back to the year 1791. Ten years before,
in June, 1781, the existing Legislature of Ver-
mont proposed terms of union to the American
Congress. She was, at that time, and for many
years afterwards, involved in contests with New
Hampshire and New York, in regard to jurisdic-
tion and boundaries of land; for then, as note, in-
creased empire brought, as italways brings, mul-
tiplied perplexities. Congress refused the proffer,
without the consent of the coterminous States,
and assumed the prerogative of legislating upon
the rights of Vermont, and controlling her local
government, without her consent. On the 9th
day of January, 1783, Governor Chittenden re-
plies, on the part of the Legislature, in one of the
most characteristic State papers on record. As it
is not generally accessible, \ beg leave to append
hereto an extract from it, and from the address
of the General Assembly of Vermont, in the form
of an appendix, marked No. 2. In both of these
documents the ground is taken that Congress can-
not exorcise any other than delegated authority;
that they have no right to interfere in the internal
police or government of any Territory or State;
that they have not the right to make or unmake
States, within or without the Union. They avow
that such a power involves the«whole doctrine of
Great Britain in regard to the Colonies; and they
declare, when they are called upon to abrogate the
laws of Vermont, reverse the solemn decisions of
her courts of justice, and overthrow the whole
civil government, they think themselves justified
to God and the wot Id when they say they cannot
comply with such requisitions!
Sir, these bold words come down to us from the
most northern State of this Union; from the tur-
moils and carnage of the Revolution, to net as a
talisman of safety in the very arena of fratricidal
bitterness and geographical strife. It is well,
therefore, to go back to the spiiit and sentiments
of these pioneers of the Green Mountains, who,
in the midst of an American war with Great Brit-
ain, the dependency of Canada on their northern
border, and thus, with the stiongest motives to
make common cause against the Confederacj'
which formed her southern lines, and with which
then there was a subsisting controversy, yet had
enough of enduring valor to maintain untainted
the true republican principle in the face of almost
irresistible temptations. Honor, all honor, sir,
to such heroism wherever it may be found, and
come from what quarter it may ! It has in it the
soul of Ethan Allen!
Sir, considering the position of that State this
moment, so far as the policy advocated by her on
this floor may be indicative of her sentiments, I
point back to her earlier and betterera with pecu-
liar exultation. The principle to which she ad-
hered then, carried out by her now, would make
her—
i: As glorious as the British Queen renowned,
Who mucked the poison from her husband's, wound !"
Mr. MORRILL. I'have no objection to the
course of remark the gentleman is pursuing; but
I desire that he shall mark this great difference
between Vermont and Kansas: that Vermont was
never a colony of Great Britain, nor was she ever
a Territory of this Union.
Mr. CLEMENS. Vermont belonged to the !
existing colonies of New Hampshire and New j
York. What is the record? The record is, that j
this claim, set up by the people of Vermont, was 1
never acknowledged by this Government, and she |
came into the Union only with the consent of New j
Hampshire and New York. I am glad the gen- i
tleman has made the interruption. Iwasendeav- 1
onng to show that the whole action of this Gov- |
ernment, in regard to its teiritoiial policy, main- !
tained the doctrine that the legally existing powers i
at the time were acknowledged, that their rights j
were maintained, and I was bringing this result to |
a practical exemplification in the case of Kansas, i
I thank the gentleman'for his opportune interrup- |;
tion. 11
Sir, I take the doctrines of Vermont, laid down jj
before, long before, her native son, now the cyn- >'
osure of the great'West, was born, and find, m
her example, a sufficient rebuke to the vagaries of jj
the hour. It required no enabling act to bring J
her into the Union. Her constitution was estab-
lished in 1777 by a convention authorized " to
form a government." Bat the act was silent as
to the ratification of the same by the people; and
the convention, therefore, under the plenary power
given, ordained it at once, without submission.
The gentleman from Vermont sits this very mo-
ment upon this floor under the action of that con-
vention. He is bound by it to this hour, because
there has been, from that day to this, a regular
succession of legal authority recognized by the
Federal Government. In 1791 a convention was
called by the Vermont Legislature to decide upon
the expediency of her entering the Federal Union.
The convention determined favorably the ques-
tion. They ratified the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and applied to Congress by, petition
for admission. On the presentation of the con-
stitution, which had been adopted in .1777, thir-
teen years before, on the 4th day of March, 1791,
Vermont was admitted into the Union.
Sir, what was the case with Kentucky, which
came next in order? Previous to 1783, nine dif-
ferent conventions had been held in Danville, to
determine upon the contest between the mother,
Virginia, and the daughter, Kentucky; andifeach
one seems to have been attended with a bitter-
ness more and more intensified. While this strife
was still going on, the Federal Constitution was
adopted, and Kentucky was placed in new rela-
tions to the existing Government. Great ferments
prevailed. Discord among the people ran riot.
Four conventions were held in quick succession.
Separation from Virginia by violent means was
openly proposed ; partisan leaders, with their
bands of marauders, devastated t"he Territory;
all law was set at defiance, and civil war seemed
almost inevitable. If those who conceive the scenes
in Kansas for the last few years have been with-
out a parallel, will but investigate the intestine
feuds in Kentucky—the combinations against the
laws and rightful authority of Virginia—and the
same state of things in what is now Tennessee,
against the Government of North Carolina, it will
be found, that, now as then, human nature is still
the same; and that when bodies of men determine
to place themselves in rebellion against existing
forms of society, specious pretexts will always
be found to delude the people. In the face of all
efforts to the contrary, the .rightful authority of
Virginia was maintained by herself and the Fed-
eral Government, till, on the 18th day of Decem-
ber, 1789, Virginia, as the only competent legal
authority, passed a law so remarkable in its pro-
visions that 1 must now be content with the brief-
est possible abstract, and affix the whole hereto
in an Appendix, as No. 3.
The law provides for two conventions; one a
provisional convention to determine on the expe-
diency of separating from Virginia*with authority
to fix upon a day after the 1st day of November,
1791, when the laws of the State should cease to
operate. The authority, however, to supersede
the jurisdiction of Virginia was made dependent
upon the assent of the United States to the erec-
tion of said State, which was required to be given
after the 1st day of November, or some conveni-
ent time thereafter. This convention was armed
with power to-take measures for the election of an-
other convention, on some day before the author-
ity of Virginia should cease, and after the 1st day
of November, 1791, " with full power to frame
and establish a fundamental constitution of gov-
ernment. " Congress, by an act passed February
4, 1792, recite the act of Virginia and refer to the
fact that a convention of delegates have petitioned
Congress to consent that on the Istd >y of June,
1792, Kentucky,should be formed into a new
State and received into the Union; and in con-
formity thereto, the act provides that Kentucky
shall at that time be admitted. Here was a case
in which the consent of Congress was given with-
outa ay Slate constitution having been formed at all,
at the lime the act wai pa-sed; for, in compliance
with the law of Virginia and the authority given
to the second convention, the constitution of Ken-
tucky was not formed till the 19th of April, 1792,
after the act of Congress had been passed. The
authority given by the Legislature of Virginia
was construed by its terms to be plenary and com-
plete, and the convention which formed the con-
stitution of Kentucky, established the same with-
out submitting it to the people. In this cas ' as
in every other, since the foundation of the Gov-
