1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
quorum—thirty-five Senators voting—the same j
proposition, in a more objectionable form, passed j
by one majority. Thus it is that we must sit i
here—no remedy for it—until the last hours of the I
day, and with a bare quorum we pass a bill. It {
then goes into the hands of a conference commit- j
lee, as I have said, and as it comes from that j
committee, so it is the law. The best amend- j
ment that can be put on, if rejected by that com-
mittee, has gone to the tomb of the Capulets. |
Yon cannot reject the report of a committee of;
conference. It is not amendable by parliament- !
ary law, and one has scarcely ever been rejected
in the history of the country.
I do not wish Senators to misunderstand me as
criticising the actions or the motives of anybody
else; but I simply mean to suggest that we ought
to consider the appropriation bills strictly as such,
and in time; and we ought to perfect these other
measures, and present them in time too. That is
what ought to be done: now you cannot do it. \
Whatis the next best thing? Here we are again; j
you cannot perfect this measure; it is concedcd |
by every gentleman that you cannot perfect it. j
When you have abolished the franking privilege, j
you have got to do something else; you have got;
to make appropriations to pay for some portions ]
of the postage. All this has to be done. The doc- i
uments you have got must be disposed of. Tliey ■
are not to be lumbered up. You have not got;
buildings enough in Washington to contain them; '
it is not the place for them; there are many of ;
them which ought to go to the country. Certain \
of them are historically referred to for historical |
purposes, and they should go to the country, and |
be put in proper places. But, sir, I feel as other j
Senators do on this subject, never having spoken ;
a word about it before in my life, and always !
ready to vote to abolish this privilege, either to- '
tally or qualifiedly. I am willing, with other Sen-
atois,now to strike the blow; and when the frank-
ing privilege is abolished, when your legislative
documents which you publish here are upon you,
and when the Capitol is not big enough to hold
them, nor any of your other buildings, then the i
necessity will be upon you to provide the means j
for their proper distribution throughout the*States. i
Mr. PUGH. Quit printing. , j
Mr. STUART. But certain things must be ,
printed. I know that when gentlemen refer to
documents, they sometimes allude to those which
are denominated as picture-books. That is quite ,
another question. Your legislative documents,
such as constitute the history of your countty, and :
your business, are published, and must be pub- :
lished; and if there is any propriety in publishing :
them, it is in order to furnish information to the \
public; and they must go out that the public may 1
see them. I beg pardon of the Senate for tres- j
passing so far, but I thought my views might, ,
perhaps, be misunderstood. I am ready to vote. ■
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting before the words " members'
of Congress," the words " the President of the :
United States and the heads of Departments;" and |
after the words " members of Congress," st and I
any other persons."
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Con- J
necticut will withdraw that amendment. I ami
satisfied that if we bring members of Congress up ,
to their own question and take this privilege from ,
themselves, we can carry it. I believe the other .
House will agree to it. That is the reason I ac- .
eepted the pioposition of the Senator fiorn Mis-1
.-issippi, and although I am in favor of striking ,
at the other, I shall be compelled to vote against
tne amendment of the Senator from Connecticut. :
Mr. DAVIS. It will require immediate pro- ■
vision to be made, or the very operations of your
Government will be checked. The Departments
itave not the means of prepaying the postage on
letters which they necessarily send out.
Mr. SEWARD. I am very sorry that a ques-
tion of detail should embarrass us; but I cannot
.see how it will be unreasonable to vote for the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut. If I tie my hand?, and agree to pay the
expense of my communications with my constit-
uents, during a Kansas debate, 1 am not willing
i ) <jive the flanking power to the heads of the
Departments and the President of the United
States. I like fair play.
Mr. FOSTER. I am by no means desirous of _
embarrassing the amendment of the Senator from '
Ohio, and I regret that gentlemen should request
me to withdraw my proposition, when I feel that
I ought to insist on it. I believe it will strengthen
the first proposition in the other House, mostde-
cidedly, and there is manifest justice in it. To
abolish the franking privilege in part, and not
abolish it altogether, is unjust; it is contrary to
the analogy we see adopted in England, where I
believe the Queen cannot frank a letter. If she
puts a letter in the mail she must pay the postage
on it. There is certainly equality in this; and
any other system than this is unequal and unjust.
Mr. BRODERICK. I ask for the yeas and
navs. ["Oh, no!"] It is a very important ques-
tion, and I hope we shall have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. The heads of Departments
have no power of franking. They have the power
to indoise " official business" on a paper, and
then it goes free; but they, as heads of Depart-
ments, have no power to frank.
Mr. DAVIS. Tt is a duty, not an option.
Mr. COLLAMER. The duty of sending off
official papers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the amendment is
to include the President and heads of Departments
m the provision for abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, when it is done after the 4th of March next.
That will not affect my rights or my convenience
at all, and therefore I feel at liberty to ask the
gentleman who has offered it—I am not aware
who it was—what is the object of abolishing the
franking privilege? What will you substitute ill
its place for the purpose of distiibuting public
documents ? I should like the mover of the amend-
ment to let me know the object of it. I have been
indisposed and have not been present before, and
I hope he will be so kind as to let me know the
object of it, and the benefits to arise from the pro-
vision. Before the amendment is adopted, I ask
him to state what his object was, and if it is any-
thing beneficial, I am prepared to vote for it. if
not, I am not prepared to vote for it I hope to
be enlightenpd on the subject. ["Question!"
(t Question!"]
The question beins; taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Foster, resulted—ye.is
19, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Bell. Bioderick, Brown.Chandler.Clark,
Poohtlle, Douglas*, Ft —.oiden, Foot, rosier, llalr, Uatnliu,
Houston, John-oil ot Tennessee, King. Rice, steward, Wade,
and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Clay, Chng-
man, Collamer, Davi^, Fitch, Grpfn, Gwui. [Iunter, John-
son of Aikan<a^, Polk, Pugli, Reid, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and Yulee—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. SEWARD. I now ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugh.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose this is urged as an
economical plan because Government js a little
straitened for money. I do not know how much
it will bring into the Treasury, but certainly it
will make some changes. I think it will be the
means of creating about fifty situations for clerks
in addition to the present number of clerks em-
ployed i/i the Post Office. How it will save any
money I cannot possibly conceive. I have heard
no reason.
Mr. DAVIS. How?
Mr. HOUSTON. Find that out yourself.
Mr. DAVIS. I-low will it create a necessity
for additional clerks?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will tell you how it is. It
is necessary that many of the ufficia! documents
shall be distributed. Of course, when they are
distributed by the mails they will have to be regis-
tered. The Postmaster General has, perhaps,
twenty or thirty thousand to go from his office.
He must pay for every one of them. Who is to
keep the registry of them? Arc not other officers
in the same state? Then, will it not be necessai y
to have more clerks 5 This proposition cannot
affect me; it will affect the public, and will have
to be relegislated upon at some future day. I
could never see any advantage that could possi-
bly result from the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. I thought the proposition came from a man
who was a little crazy or demented, when it wa3
made some years ago, that no advantage could
arise from it, and that multiplication of offices
would be the consequence; because the public
must pay the expense of the necessary correspond-
ence of the officers that are engaged in public busi-
ness; for they cannot support it. It would take
the salaries of the heads of Departments to, give
distribution to their documents, if they had to pay
for them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. You are talking
about what is not in the proposition,
Mr. HOUSTON. Members of Congress are to
make distribution of document?. How are they
to do it? Must they be registered at the post
office, or must you pass a special law at every
distribution of a document? I trust there will
never be fewer than there are to-day. Not a day
passes that I do not receive applications for the
Patent Office reports. They are the most im-
portant matter connected with the civil adminis-
tration of this Government, out of the dispensa-
tions of this city. Are we not to have the privilege
of distributing them? I am going out on the 4th
of March next, and no benefits or convenience
will result to me, I grant you; but it is a principle,
a fixed principle with me, that justice ought to be
done; that the Government ought to be adminis-
tered on the most economical terms. Is this the
way to do it? Not at all. What will it save?
Will the increase of clerks save money? Will it
increase the morality of the Government? Will
it strengthen our institutions, or build them up
by the multiplication of officers? I think not. It
makes places for friends. Members have got
friends. A great many of them do not care how
many friends they can get into office; but they do
not wish to treat their friends at a distance with
any degree of favor, or to conciliate them by con-
ferringactual benefitson them through any official
medium; and hence it is that you block up the
rays of light that ought to be disseminated to the
people at a distance. You may talk of benefiting
contractors. I wonder how that would be. Do
you think you will get your mails carried for a
less sum than now? Not a farthing; their cost
will never be reduced. They are like the salaries
of officers which you are every day eking out.
Who ever heard ot a salary being reduced ? Who
ever heard of the number of officers being re-
duced ? You may increase them; but you can-
not diminish them.
I am m favor of continuing the system that has
done well, without any modification of it, unless
it bo to simplify it, or to save money. If you say
that, when officers are writing on official business,
they cannot frank a letter in the dischargeof their
duties, and it is not beneficial to them but to others,
what do you gain ? If the Government does not
get three cents on such a letter, is it swindled out
of anything? I really have never heard the first
reason given for this modification of the postage
laws, and I should like to hear some.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator did he agree to a modification of the postage
to five cents +
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it ought to be ten or
five cents at least. There is no source of revenue
on earth as equitable as itis; for, if a man does not
write, he does not pay.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Texas has
argued one question, and the Senate is considering
another tie is arguing the necessity of having
the franking privilege continued to heads of De-
partments and executive officers, and we are treat-
ing the subject of the franking privilege to mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. The other amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. Then why did the Senator argue
it after it was disposed of, after it had been rejected,
as he says ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I wanted to let the people
understand it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator did, however, make
some remarks which had application to the sub-*
ject before us. He spoke of this being the center
of light, from which the rays were to.be dissem-
inated by the franking privilege throughout the
country.
Mr. HOUSTON. Intelligence.
Mr. DAVIS. Rays of intelligence; light, 1
believe, was the Senator's word, and I understood
him to mea'n intellectual light. He mentions also
that he has no interest in it, that it continues tp
the 4th of March next, and that he will be no
longer among us. That, of course, is a matter
of legret to us
