1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
work to popular supervision. Louisiana herself
is not an exception; for although the law calling
her last convention embraced the power only of
proposing amendments to the constitution, the
new one was submitted as a whole, because the
cunvention5 instead of remodeling, revolutionized
the whole structure of the government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURROUGHS obtained the floor.
Mr. CLEMENS. I bog leave to aek the unan-
imous consent of the House to finish what I have
to say.
Several Members. Go on; no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist on the ob-
servance of the rule.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the gentleman
from Virginia have leave to publish his remarks.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to let me have five minutes longer.
My argument is incomplete, and it is but an act
of justice that I should be allowed to complete it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee has
no right to suspend the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I am entirely willing that
the gentleman shall be allowed to finish his speech
out of my time.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 thank the gentleman from
New York; and I will remember his courtesy an-
other time.
In Pennsylvania, by act of the 29 th March, 1836,
a convention was called to propose amendments
to the constitution, to be submitted to the people
thereof, for their ratification or rejection. Wis-
consin, by an act calling a convention, January
31,184G, required the constitution to be submitted;
and.Congress carried out this fundamental condi-
tion, in admitting the State into the Union, by
exacting the assent of the qualified electors, as
prescribed by the organic law of the Territorial
Legislature. This was not, therefore, a precedent
on the part of Congress, but a simple affirmance
of the restraints imposed on the convention by the
representatives of the people. Iowa presents a
case precisely similar. By the act of the Terri-
torial Legislature, passed January 17, 1846, the
convention were authorized to submit the consti-
tution to the qualified voters of the Territory; and
Congress, in the act admitting Iowa, required a
compliance with this cardinal provision. In Vir-
ginia, by act of March 18, 1850, it was made the
duty of the president of the convention to certify a
copy of the constitution to the General Assembly,
that a law might be passed for taking the sense of
the good people of the Commonwealth thereon.
The act in regard to Minnesota—passed February
26, 1857, under the patronage of a prominent
Republican, and a present member offhis House—
was the first instance in the history of the Gov-
ernment where Congress required a constitution
to be submitted to the people of a proposed State,
where they, through their Territorial Legislature,
did not themselves exact it.
The act in question was passed by the Repub-
lican party, and was a violation of the established
principle of leaving the people of a Territory per-
fectly free to form their government in their own
way, because they might have preferred to vest
that power in delegates or representatives. But
they were deprived of that liberty, and compelled
to test the constitution by a vote at the polls. The
result has been, that we have had two separate con-
ventions m Minnesota, and each one endeavored
to outstrip the other m radicalism of its enact-
ments, with a view to a popular triumph. Here,
then, we find the true line of demarcation between
Republicanism of the Revolution and that of our
day; and instead of formmg,by high-minded men,
stable governments for posterity, we have had
constitutions changed like the horns of the moon,,
and whole States gravely proposing to determine,
by the vote of a mere majority at the polls, whether
a white man was not in every respect equal to an
African negro. Sir, we are verging every hour
into the excesses of an unbridled popular licen-
tiousness, which, in the hallowed name of the peo-
ple, is repudiating the judgments of the highest
courts in the land; breaking through all constitu-
tional restraints, and destroying all the checks and
balances our fathers formed, and which they pre-
sumed would be sufficient to protect the rights of
every citizen. When the greatest city on the
American continent can be convulsed with the cry
of a starving people for bread, lifting up their
parched lips in despair to the dull skies for life
and nourishment, how far are we off from that
Parisian liberty which takes blood when it cannot
find a bone ? Sir, in this respect, the people can
act in mass, and in such cases they always act
from their worst instincts and passions. The law
is the barrier which keeps both back; and the
President has occupied, in this respect, a position
which has tested the Spartan heroism of his char-
acter. If for one single day he had faltered in
the stern discharge of his duty; if he had for a
single day countenanced the violence and outrage
and anarchy of those who set every duty of the
good citizen at defiance, to attain their recklcss
ends, we should at this hour have been at the
mercy of a promiscuous mob, headed by a lawless,
profligate militia general in buckram, with all ths
temerity of Bob Acres, without any of his con-
venient virtues.
But to drop this digression, and to resume the
argument. In all those cases where constitutions
have not been submitted, the organic act, author-
izing the election of delegates and defining their
powers, did not require it. The same feeling,
however, which has been displayed in favor of
popular submission, has found vent in another
direction, and a few years ago came very near
transforming State Legislatures into mere tribunes
to propose laws, instead of bodies to make and
enforce them. The theory that it was necessary
to give validity to State laws by submitting them
to the people at the polls, was at one time so pop-
ular that it became part of the policy of a score of
States in this Union. It was at its fullness about
the time the temperance reform first became a
political question. The first easel have found is
that of Rice vs. Foster, (4 Harrington's Delaware
Reports, 479.) a full abstract of which will be
found in Appendix No. 6. The case arose under
a law of Delaware authorizing the people to
decide by ballot whether license to retail liquors
shall be permitted among them. The court de-
cided that the law was unconstitutional; that, as
the legislative power was vested in a General As-
sembly, the people had divested themselves of all
legislative authority; and that they can resume it
only in the forms of the constitution, or by revo-
lution. The same principle, arising under similar
laws, will be found decided in Pennsylvania, 6
Barr's Reports, 507; in Indiana, in Maise vs. the
State, 4 Porter, 343; and in a very able obiter dic-
tum by Judge Spalding, in Griffith vs. the Com-
missioners of Crawford county, 20 Ohio Reports,
by Lawrence, 609. So far, indeed, did this grave
error proceed, that the great State of Ohio had to
insert a substantive inhibition against it in her
last constitution.'
Now, I have endeavored to show that a con-
vention and a Legislature were almost convertible
terms; one making the supreme law, the other
making laws subordinate to it, and enforcing the
means to carry them into practical operation. If,
therefore, after the people have vested their power
of making laws in a Legislature, they are incom-
petent to resume the authority they have delegated,
except according to the ordinary routine of gov-
ernment, on what principle, pray, does the doc-
trine rest, that, after authority has been given to
form a State government to a convention, the
work of that convention must be submitted to
the people for ratification or rejection?
Sir, I would gladly elaborate this point, as well
as enlarge on others which press themselves on
my attention; but the inexorable, Procrustean
hour rule of this House forbids it,and I must un-
willingly draw these remarks to a close.
Sir, we are in the very Thermopylae of this
Republic. Evil signs and portents are around us.
Patriotism has grown to be a timorous feeling,
clinging like an unfledged bird to the nest of twigs
where if was born. Broad, comprehensive states-
manship, heroic political daring, the courage to
face the buffalo herd rushing blindly on to the
precipice, when an iron hand and arm might have
turned all back, has given place to the covert chi-
canery of the Hindoo Brahmin, hugging to his
bosom his blind idols at home; or to the pitfalls
and corrals of the Sooders in the jungle, who cap-
ture the elephant by low stealth, rather than by
open prowess. The President has done his duty
fearlessly. What the country wants is some man
who can, in the future, dare defeat on principle;
and who, in the immortal declaration of Clay,
" would rather be right than be President;" and
not the facile trimmer that, like a small pennant
on the top of a ma&t, always shows which way
the prevailing wind blows.
Men of the North! Democrats of the North !
the power is in your hands ! How do you intend
to use it ? How many of you can afford to stand
forth at this dark hour, as muezzins upon the
watch-tower, and cry out that "all is well?"
Oregon is yours; Minnespta is yours] Washing-
ton is yours; Nebraska is yours; Utah is yours;
and Kansas and Dacotah must be yours! While
I speak, the line of your advancing population is
filing along the gorges of the Rocky Mountains,
and planting in the midst of the wilderness new
empires. JPoryou9 there is the full fruition and the
triumphant result. For us, there only lingers a
naked principle:
" A barren scepter in our gripe,
Thence to, be wrench'd with an uallneal baud,
No son of ours succeeding !"
Remember the language of Napoleon to one of
your own countrymen:
" As acitizen of the world, I would address your country.
Every man, and every nation, is ambitious ■, and ambition
grows with power, as the blaze of a vertical sun is the most
fierce. Cherish, therefore, anationalstrength. Fortifyyour
political institutions. Remember that armies and navieg
are of the same use in the world as the police in X^ondon o.r
Pans, and soldiers are not made like potter's vessels, in a
minute. Cultivate union, or your empire will be, like a
colossus of gold fallen on the earth and broken to pieces,
the prey of foreign and domestic Saracens. If you are wise,
your Republic will be permanent, and perhaps Washing-
ton will be hailed as the founder of a happy and glorious
empire, wiifn the name of Bonaparte shall be obscurcd by
succeeding revolutions!"
Shall we have this, or shall we have that other
picture so powerfully delineated in the Bible:
"The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over
them. And they said unto the ohve tree * reign thou over us.'
But the olive tree said unto them,' should I leave my fat-
ness, wherewith by me they honor God and man, and go to
be promoted over the trees ?? And the trees said to the
tree,' come thou and reign over us.5 But the fig tree saia
unto them,4 should I forsake my sweetness, and my good
fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?' Then said the
ttees unto the vine,' come thou and reign over us.' And
the vine said unto them, 1 should I leave my wine, which
clicereth God and man, and go to be promoted over til©
trees?' Then said all the trees unto the bramble,' come
thou and reign over us.7 And the bramble said unto the
trees,' if in truth ye anoint me king over you, then com#
and put your trust m my shadow; and if not, let fire come
out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon !' "
[APPENDIX.
No. 1.
Extracts from, the Herald of Freedom.
<l This Kansas Election.—In order to show the fallacy
of the allegation that there wili be eivil war in Kansas,
should the State be admitted under the Lecompton consti-
tution, we clip the following articles from the Ileiald of
Fieedom, of the 16th, the leading Republican paper of the
Terutory. it will be seen that so far from resistance, the
better cla s of the Republicans expect and desire admission
undorthat instrument:
u*Tiie Sloths Responsiblf.—Mr. Pugh,from Ohio, has
introduced a bill in the Senate for the immediate admission
of Kansas into the Union, under the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and providing that the Legislature of the Stale raajj,
make provision for submitting a vote on the slavery clause
again to the people, ft is believed that this bill, or that of
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, will become the law. Indeed,
yearly ail our friends writingus from Washington, say there
is but little doubt of the result that our admission into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution has become a fixed
fact; that the result is almost as certain as if we were now
within the Union. If Kansas does come into the Union m
this manner, and is made a slave State, as a consequence,
the Sloths, and the dog* in the manger who would not vote,
nor let their friend1? vote, shall bear the censure.5
" Had the Free-State party consulted their best interests
instead of standing on etiquette, as they did in June last,
they would have 1 pitched in' and elected every delegate to
the constitutional convention. Then, if they had wanted
the Topeka constitution as their fundamental law, they
could have clothed it with legal sanction, so far as appear-
ances are concerned, and now we could have been half way
out of the woods, instead of being surrounded with diffi-
culties, which, at times, seem insurmountable. We have
■ a Ion* chapter'to write on this subject, some day, that will
put a'different face on this statement from that nowseen by
many of our readers."
'♦Buiing the last week several gentlemen have inquired
what we would advise, in case we have been so fortunate
as to obtain possesbion of the government by the election of
the Legislature, and Congress should admit us into the
I Union under the Lecompton constitution? We have re-
[ plied, in each instance, that as soon as the Legislatuie is
j convened under that instrument, without stopping to make
| any other enactments, or doing any other thing ttian to oi-
' ganise the law-making power, we would have them pass a
! law, enabling the people to elect delegates at an early day,
I to a new constitutional convention, throwing every neces-
sary guard around the ballot-box, to insure fairness in tho
1 elections. This done, the people should elect delegates, and
i a new constitution, such as the people desiie, should be
1 framed, and submitted to them for adoption or lejeetion.
! « If adopted. State officers should hp immediately elected
j under it. and theyshouid bepsrmitted to enteratonae upon
