1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
eluded, I will renew the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. &TXITMAN. It is known that my posi-
tion on this question is different fiom that of the
great body of my southern friends, and I would
be a;lad of an opportunity to explain that position.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Somebody suggested to
me that the gentleman from Mississippi only
wants ten minutes. I am disposed to be courteous.
If the gentleman will renew the call when he has
finished, I have no objection. Then it can be
seconded and the main question ordered. As it
is nearly four o'clock, and the House does not
seem to be full, we can then adjourn, and let the
vote be taken to-morrow.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will suggest
to the gentleman from North Carolina not to move
the previous question this evening. Let him an-
nounce that he will call for it to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will make this sugges-
tion, which I hope will meet with universal con-
sent: that the previous question be seconded, and
the mam question ordered; with the agreement
that this debate shall go on until one o'clock to-
morrow. We may not, if the proposition of the
gentleman ft ora Geoigia be carried, be able to sec-
ond the previous question to-morrow.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust that
there will be no such agreement. The House is
very full, and I think we had better have the vote
to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As I cannot suit everybody
then, I insist on my call for the previous question.
The majority can vote it down or not, as it chooses.
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw the call
for the gentleman from Mississippi, and for .no-
body else, on condition that he will renew it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any farming out
of the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I was upon the
floor nearly as soon as my friend from North Car-
olina, and if he yields I insist that I am entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist on the demand for
th e previous question.
Mr. CARNETT. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina permit me to interrupt him before
he calls for the previous question ? There are more
than one of us—there is the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, and one or two others—who wish, not
to make a speech, but to state the reasons which
will govern our votes on this occasion. I think
that it is asking nothing unreasonable of my fiiend
from North Carolina, or the House. We ask that
the previous question be not called until to-mor-
row.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Gentlemen can give their
reasons as well after the vote as before it. I leave
the question with the House.
The House divided on Mr. Stephens's motion
for a call of the House; and there were—ayes 98,
noes 104.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is now our
hour of adjournment; and I therefore move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. H A RIUS, of Illinois. The understanding
was that we should take this vote to-day; and I
hope it will be taken.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wanted that;
but that was exactly what the gentleman would
not a ree to. I do not want to have a snap judg-
ment taken. „
Mr. MORGAN. I make the point that the gen-
tleman cannot make motion after motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no reason
why he cannot. Can the gentleman suggest any?
Mr. MORGAN It was a mere mistake of mine.
The House divided; and there were—ayes one
hundred and three 
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded the yeas
and navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 11)7, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson. Atfciu?, Aveiy. Larks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonhatn, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Carnthers, Caskie, John B. Claik,
Clay, Clemens, Olinsjman, Cobb, J.ohn Cochrane, Cockerdl,
Corning, James Ciaig, Buiton Crai^e, Ciawford, Curry,
Davidson, Dewart, Dowdell, EdmumNon. Elliott, English,
Eii^tis, Florence Foley, G.uneit, Gartrelf. Gilh-i, Good«,
Greenwood,Gregg, Grop^bcck, Lawience W. Hall. Hatch,
Hawkins, Hopkins, iiou-ton, Hughes, Ilnvler, Jackson,
Jen kin-', Jewel t, Ceotgc W. June-., J. Glatiev Jonc^, Owen
Jono. K< itt, Keliv, Lanvir, ]<nndy. Leidy. Lotehei. Mac.-
lay, McQueen, Ma^on, Mavnaid, Mile*", Miller, MilNon,
Mooie. Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,Phelp-, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Itcillv, llulfio. Rn&-e!l\ Sun-
dnlge, Snvace. Scale?, Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M.
Shaw, Shoitcr, Sickles,Samuel A. Snmh, William Smith,
Stephen^, Stevenson, Talbot, Ward, Watkms, White,
Whitelej. Winslow, Woodson, Woitendyke, Augustus S.
Wright, John V. Wnghr, and Zolhcoffer—107.
NA16—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam,Andrews. Bennett, Bil-
linghmst, Bmghnm, Blair, Bhst-, Biayton, BulVinton, Bur-
lingame, Burroughs, Campbell. Case, Chaftce, Chapman,
Ezia Clark, Horace F. Claik,dawson,Claik B. Coehiane,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragsn, Cum*, Damiell,
Davis of Maryland, Davw of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Duifee,
Edie, Famsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddinss, Gilman, Gil-
mei, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L- Harris, Haskin,
Hickman, Hoard, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilcore,
Knapp, Lawi once, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, McKibbm,
Humphrey Maishall,Samuel S.Marshall, Morgan,Edward
Joy Morns, l*aac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Mor^e, Mott, Muirav, NiehoK Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pet-
tn, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Robert?,
Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Jndson W. Sherman, Rob-
ert Smith, Spinner. Stanton, William Stewait. Tappan,
Thavei,Tonipkins, Tuppe. Underwood, Wade, Walbudge,
Waldroji, Walton, Elhhu B. Washburne,Israel Washburn,
and Wilson—105.
So the motion-was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. RITCHIE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Purviamce, who had been called home by the
death of his mother, had paired off with his col-
league, Mr. Dimmicx, until Tuesday next.
Mr. BONHAM said that at the instance of
those from his own section, and with whom he
had acted, he would change his vote, and vote
for the adjournment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, said that for a
similar reason he would change his vote, and vote
against the adjournment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said that he had
voted against the adjournment, and he believed
he had voted right. He thought the House ought
to dispose of the question at once. At the sug-
gestions of friends he changed his vote, and voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. ATKINS said that he had voted against
the adjournment; but not caring to record his
name with those upon the other side, he would
vote in the affirmative.
And then the House (at ten minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday,  Qpril 29, 1858.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (LI. It. No. 26) authorizing the arrange-
ment and disposal of public buildings in the city
of Philadelphia, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
GONZAGA COLLEGE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 7G) to incorporate Gonzaga College in
the city of Washington and District of Columbia.
The amendment was >n line sixteen of the first
section, to strike out " five" and inseit " two,"
so as to restue.t the amount of property which
may be held by the college corporation at any
one time to £200,000 in value.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Sen ate concur
in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. .TONES presented the memorial of James
Thormgton, praying for the establishment ot an
additional land district in the State of Iowa; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented additional papers in r< lation
to the claim of Captain John Pick-dl; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMMOND presented a presentment of
the grand jury of the April term of the circuit court
of tiie United" States foi the district of South Car-
olina, sitting in Charleston,recommending that a
suitable building be provided for the accommoda-
tion of the United States courts at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of George
T. Parry, praying that the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to purchase his patent for an instru-
ment, the object of which is to abolish the friction
attending the thrust of propellers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. .
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying that a license may be grant-
ed to Lewis A. Thomas, for the establishment of a
ferry across the Missouri river, within the limits
of the proposed Territory of Dacotah; which was
referred to the Committee on Teiritones.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of Sarah
Rrashear, mother of William C. Brashear, de-
ceased, an officer in the Texan navy at the time
of the annexation of Texas to the United States,
praying to be allowed the benefit of the act grant-
ing five years'pay to the surviving officers of the
Texan navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. I have a memorial from more
than one thousand resident citizens of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, praying the re-
organization of the criminal court of this District.
The petition is very short, only a dozen lines, and
I will read it.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
Statei of Jhncrica:
The undersigned, citizens and residents of the cities of
Washington and Gcoigetown. do mo^ respectfully icpie-
sent, that, in view o; f be flight till violations of law and order
now and foi a con-ulei.ibh: turn' pi evading in these our once
peaceful cities; and helievingili.it tlie maimer in winch our
criminal lawts have been lor -tve-ial \eai-* pa-4, and aic at iho
present tune, administered, is the puncipal if not the eiituo
ca'.we of the-e outia^es :
We theiefortf im^i res-pi-ctfully pray your honoiablo
bodies to take the subyct into your mo* t earnest and venous
consideration; and we would ask, m conclusion, that you
will enact a law io reorganize our criminal court 111 tins
Distuei, and joui petitioner:, will ev. r piay.
I desire to say, in piesenting this memorial,
that I concur entirely with the memorialists, but
that neither they nor I are to be understood as
saying or intimating that the fault is with the
criminal judge. The fault is in the organization
of the court itself; the manner of drawing grand
jurors, and the manner of appointing bailiffs,all
of which is regulated by law. Itis expected that
the Committee on the District of Columbia should
take charge of tins memorial, but that, to my
mind, is not the proper reference. I move that it
be inferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so n ferred.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES,
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Wiiham
Blake, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be piloted.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim of
Lo\i Johnson, and of Mary Burchfield, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they he referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
fie also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Roddy, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was ogteed to.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 4JSG)
to enlarge th<' Detroit and Sagmaw hi mi districts,
in Michigan, reported it without amendment.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was i"( let led the bill ( S. No. 236) .i mandatory of an
act entitled "An act to establish two additional
land distruvs m the Temtmy of Minnesota,"
approved July 8,1806, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
48*3) regulating the compensation of the officers
and marines of the revenue cutters, reported it
with o u t a me n d m e n t.
Mr. JOHNSON, cf Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public. Lands, to whom was refetred
the bill (S No. 289) explanatory of an act grant-
ing public hinds to aid in tiie construction of a
railroad m the btates of Flm ula and Alabama, and
for other purposes, reported it without amend*
ni'-nt, and with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
