2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 10,
Mr. HOUSTON. None at all.
' Mr. DAVIS. But it may still be a loss to the
country. If that light from the center be taken
away, which is disseminated through the franking
privilege, we may look to the other side of the
case, and see if it will save money. I think the
Senator asked, in the beginning, what was the
reason of this, and required explanation. I did
not know really that he had heard nothing of the
debate. Reasons were given plenty as black-
berries in summer."
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not hear them, for I
was indisposed, and lying down.
Mr. DAVIS. Surely the Senator will not come
in after lying down until the question has been
discusseu and brought up to the point of voting,
and require us to tell him, then, all that has been
said.
Mr. HOUSTON. No; I wantonly onereason.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. One reason, then, which I think
avery good one, is, thatitis in the line of equality.
The Senator's correspondence, widely diffused
as it must be, from his general acquaintance with
the people of the United States and their general
admiration of him, still must be limited to but
a small portion of the people, even of his own
■ State, whilst the whole body of the people of
the State are taxed by a postal system which
exceeds its revenue. Now I propose that those
who receive the benefits of the system shall bear
the burdens; that those who receive letters, or
those who send letters, shall pay for them. Let
Congress pay, in any form which may be pro-
vided, for such official correspondence as it is
necessary to conduct, and let all be prepaid. All
that is voluntary let a member pay for himself.
Let those who write to him prepay their letters, j
They will write to him either from interest or on
matters of business; he will answer them, and,
I suppose, the correspondence will be qmte equal
in each case to the postage. It is a burden which
they ought to bear. It is their business; it is not
the business of the public.
Then I will say to the Senator that I have an-
other motive. He asked me for one reason, I
will irive him two, in that true spirit of Christian
charity which always give double what is de-
manded. I want to reduce the vast expendi-
ture for printing, which has made the Congress of
the United States the greatest publishing estab-
lishmentin the Union, and I believe it will be
reduced, when members no longer have bound,
books to send through the mails free of cost to
their friends in different sections of the country.
If the book is worth anything it is worth the
charge on its transportation. The man who re-
ceives the book should p:iy for its transportation,
or if it is not worth that, burn it here, and stop
the publication m future.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe this mail business ,
is carried on by prepayment   I
Mr. DAVIS. I beg the Senator's pardon. I !
did not answer one point which he made 011 me, •
and I will do that. That was about clerks. I be-j
heve he left me to find that out for myself, and !
therefore I feel that I am bound to answer. To j
take the ease he cited, the Postmaster General 1
will ^et five hundred or five thousand stamps,'
which will be put on a letter when it is sent away I
instead of his sign manual, and in neither case S
will it require any registry by clerks. The put- I
ting of the post office stamp upon the letter will j
require less time than the signing of his name, j
and as the one letter need nut be registered so of ■
the other. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I thank the gentleman forhis
suggestion; but these stamps have to be paid for, j
and they will report after a while that the Gov-;
ernment is swindled out of more than they would
gain out of this system I really cannot under-
stand any advantage that can possibly result to
the Government. As for the public documents,
is it not important that the people should at least
receive a portion of the public documents: the
President's message, and the reports of the heads
of Departments?
Mr. DAVIS. They are printed in the news-
papers. -
Mr. HOUSTON. But every man is not able
to pay for a newspaper. It would be imposing a
very heavy tax upon him if you were to oblige
every man disposed to read these documents to
subscribe for a newspaper. They are matters of
record, and will be matters of reference. The hum-
blest man of the community, if he intimates his
desire to a member of the Senate, or of the House
of Representatives, can 0 btain the President's mes-
sage with the accompanying documents. Hence,
I think if it should impose a little duty on mem-
bers they might well bear it. I have, in my life,
borne it for sixteen years here. I never had, un-
til the last few years, any assistance in discharg-
ing my duties in this way; and I am for leaving
gentlemen heirs to a full share of the labor of it.
I am not for imposing any arduous or unjust task
on them, for I know when the people have re-
posed confidence in them, in their fidelity, good
feeling, and patriotism, that it is a poor requital
when they furnish them with such articles or such
documents as contain important intelligence in
relation to the Government of the country, and
which are furnished by the Government. There-
fore it is that I never could see any advantage in
this proposition, though-perhaps it will be a sav-
ing to the country. If it is, I know not what that
saving can be. I thank the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi for his information. He may have given
me light, but I do not perceive it. It may be owing
to my dullness of apprehension. I have no doubt
of his acumen, or of the explanation which he has
offered, but I really cannot comprehend that there
is any advantage in it. Taking for granted all
that he has said, I cannot see any advantage to
result to the country, and therefore I am opposed
to it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have paired off on
this question with the Senator from Connecticut,
Mr. Dixon. I should vote for it, and he would
vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brod-
eiick, Biown, Cliatulki, Cluik, Clay, Collamer, Davis,
Doohttle, Fo-seinien, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gr# en, I-Inle,
Iianilm, Hai Ian, IItimer. Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of
Tonne-see, King- Mailoiy, Polk, Pngh, Itice, Sebastian,
Sewatd, Stua.t, Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, Wade,
YYil-on, Wright, and Yulee—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavaid, Chngman, Houston, and Reid
—4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment as a separate section:
Jind be it further enacted, That, from and after the 4th day
of Maich next, all postages shall be prepaid.
Several Senators. That is the law now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that to be the
law now. I do not understand the amendment.
Is not that the law t
Mr. YULEE. Certainly that is the law.
Mr. CLAY. I make this suggestion to the Sen-
ator: the amendment we have just adopted sub-
stantially is, that, from and after the 4th of March
next, the franking privilege of members of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby,abolished. The
question still recurs to my mind, whether letters,
under existing laws, would not still be addressed
to them free of postage; and I think this amend-
ment would obviate that.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no harm in having
the amendment offered.
Mr. PUGH. We had better amend it.
Mr. GREEN". I suggest to the Senator that
the difficulty which occurs to my mind is this:
this is the existing law, probably, except where
there is a special exemption. By moving this
as an amendment, the constiuction of it will be
that that, probably, is not the law until the 4th
of March next, and this interregnum will be con-
sidered to be a time in which mail matter can go
without being prepaid. There is the difficulty.
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps it would be better
to obviate that difficulty by making the amend-
ment read:
That from and after the 4th day of March next, all matter
passing tluougli the mail shall he prepaid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That would abolish the
franking privilege of the heads of the Departments
and the President.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator can have a vote
taken on the measure in another form by present-
ing the amendment which has been rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I know that embraces this
proposition; but it does also other important
things. I want now a vote on this amendment as
a separate measure.
Mr. YEJLEE. 1 will suggest to the Senator
from New York to exempt foreign letters. There
will be an inconvenience attending the application
of that rule to foreign letters.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot help it.
Mr. YULEE. Then I hope we will vote it
down.
Mr. PUGH. Let us hear the amendment read
again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. PUGH. That is all right.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe a short time
since there was a proposition to abolish the frank-
ing by heads of Departments, who now have the
privilege of sending official papers free. I thought
that was rejected. I take it the adoption of this
amendment would readont that, because every-
thing is to be prepaid, voting as I did against
abolishing what they call the franking by heads
of Departments, I cannot vote for this amend-
ment, because, in my judgment, it will amount to
the very same thing.
Mr. HAMLIN. In the debate which took place
upon the other amendment, I think several Sena-
tors said (or if it was not said in debate, it was
said in private conversation) that they did not
want to vote for that amendment, because it would
embarrass the proposition then under considera-
tion; but would vote for it in a separate one. Now,
this is a separate and distinct proposition. It is
not embarrassed with the one which has been
adopted,and I understand its effect to be precisely
what the Senator from Vermont says* Itentirely
cuts off this thing of franking, and I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would like to inquire of
the honorable Senator from Vermont, whether, .
under the law as it now exists, the heads ofDe-
partments, or any person connected with those
Departments, have the privilege of franking any-
thing except upon official business ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The President has the
power without limitation. The heads of the De-
partments have not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Have the heads of De-
partments, or any person under their authority,
' the power?
Mr. COLLAMER. The heads of Depart-
ments, together with the assistants in those De-
partments, have; that is, the Postmaster General,
and the Assistant Postmasters General, and the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury have the power of frank-
ing in this way on official business.
Mr. SEWARD. It is the same way with us.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; we have the right
to frank on our own business, whether on official
business or not; they have not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to put this question
directly: have they the right to frank newspapers
or speeches ?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; for they cannot
honestly put on any such paper as that that it is
I official business.
Mr. SEWARD. They do.
Mr. COLLAMER. They do not in the Post
Office Department.
Mr. FITCH. I think the Senator's amendment
would cover more than it was intended it should
do. It will embrace newspapers, compelhngpub-
lishers to pay postage in every instance, and all
foreign matter which we have by treaty allowed
to be free.
Mr. SEWARD. I will modify my amendment
by saying "excepting newspapers and foreign
matter."
Mr. HALE. There is another class that ought
to be excepted. I do not know whether Congress
intends to abolish the franking privilege or not,
but they ought to reserve the applications of old
soldiers and their widows for pensions. All com-
munications are to be prepaid, under this pro-
vision. [Why should they not ?] I am not going
to say it should not be so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should think those people
who get donations might well afford to pay for
their letters on the subject. I do not know a bet-
ter class in the United States for paying.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the attention of the Sen-
ator*from New York a moment. I suggested to
him the propriety of excepting foreign letters.
Mr. SEWARD, I have already modified my
amendment in that way.
