782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the duties of their respective offices. This, we are happy
to say, was the position of the convention which put m
nomination the Ann Usurpation State ticket at the late
election, ami agreeably to the request of which nominations
were inside in the various legislative andsenatorial districts
all over the Territory. In proof of this, we copy the third
resolution of the convention, in the following words :
« Resolved^ That the candidates nominated by this con-
vention, on accepting *uch nomination, will be considered
as pledged, should the constitution be adopted by Congress,
to adopt and execute immediate measures for enabling the
people, through a new constitutional convention, to obtain
sucha constitution as the majority shall approve.'5>
No 9.
Governor Chittenden.
" Congress, it is presumed, will not pretend to unlimited
power, or to any other than what has been delegated to them
fiom the United States ; nor will they pretend that their Arti-
cles of Confederation will wairaritthem in interfering with or
contiollinu the internal police of the United States. Whence
did they obtain any rightful prerogative over the internal
police of tins State, from which they have never received
any d-degared power? The same argument against the
rightof Gieat Britain to tax the American Colonies at pleas-
are without representation, will apply against the rightof
Congress to control tne civil authority of this State ;"for if
they may in one instance do it, they may in another, till
they suppress the whole."
The General Assembly of Vermont,through. Ike Speaker, to
Congress.
"By the resolutions of August, 1781, Congress have ac-
knowledged the right and independence of the State of
Vermont, on a preliminary condition ; and all and every act
of Congress which interferes with the internal government
of Vermont, or tend< to prevent a general exorcise of her
huv-, are unjustifiable in their nature, and repugnant to
every idea of freedom. We conceive that the several States
in the Union do not owe to Congiess their existence; but
that each State was formed by the association and civil com-
pact of its inhabitants. Through this medium they derive
their separate rights to jurisdiction, and Congress the differ-
ent powers they are vested with; and have, of course,
neither the power nor the right to make or unmake States
within or without the Union, or to control their internal
police, without a power delegated to theui for the purpose.
We are still ready to comply with eveijy reasonable requi-
sition of Congress ; but when they require us to abrogate
our laws, reverse the solemn decisions of our courts of jus-
tice, and ovei throw our civil government m favor of insur-
gent-! and disturbers of the public peace, we thitfk ourselves
justified to God and the world, when we say we cannot
comply with such requisitions."
No. 3.
The law of Virginia of the 18th of December,
prescribes the qualification of voters, and the elec-
tion of members to a convention to erect an inde-
pendent State, out of the district of Kentucky. It
gives the said convention "full power and au-
thority to frame and establish a fundamental con-
stitution of government," for said State, upon
certain conditions, specified in said act. It pro-
vided that a convention should be held at Danville
on the 26th day of July, 1790, with power to
choose officers, &c., and to determine whether
" it be the will of the people" to create an inde-
pendent State. Five members assembled were
sufficient to adjourn from day to day, and had
power to issue writs of election to supply vacan-
cies from any cause. Two thirds of the whole
number of members to be elected were required
to. determine on the expediency of creating an in-
dependent State. In the event of determining
upon a separation, the convention were author-
ized to fix upon a day posterior to the 1st day of
November, 1791, on which the authority of Vir-
ginia and its laws should forever cease and de-
termine; but that authority was made dependent
upon the contingency that the Government of the
United States should, prior to the said date, assent
to the erection of said State, and should agree that
the proposed State shall, immediately after the day
to be fixed posterior to the 1st day of November,
1791, or at some convenient future time thereto,
be admitted into the Federal Union. To avoid
anarchy, authority was given to the convention
to take the necessary provisional measures for
the election and meeting of a convention, atsome
time prior to the day fixed for the determination
of the authority of Virginia, and posterior to the
1st day of November, 1791, " with full powerand
authority to frame and establish a fundamental
constitution of government, and to declare what
laws shall be in force therein, until the same shall
be abrogated or altered by the legislative author-
ity acting under the constitution, so to be framed
and established." The representatives of Vir-
ginia in Corgress were instructed to obtain a
speedy act in conformity with these provisions.
No. 4.
Mr Fearing, the Delegate from the eastern di-
vision of the Northwest Territory, on the 31st
March, 1802, on the report of the select commit-
tee respecting the admission of the said division
as a State into the Union, said:
" fie should oppose this resolution, but not on the ground
of expediency. He opposed the lesohinon on constitutional
principles. He conceived Congress had nothing to do with
the arrangements for calling a convention.
"Can Congress exercise power given exclusively to the
people.3 He conceived it would be as great an encroach-
ment upon then rights to say they should meet together in
convention and form a constitution, as it would be to say
so to any State in the Union."
Mr. Griswold, of Connecticut, said:
What is the condition of the people of the Territory.'
They are not, it is true, as to every purpose of govern merit,
a State, but they have a complete Legislatuie,as fully com-
petent to legislate as the Legislature of Mai viand, or any
other Legislature in the Union. They ato fully competent
to the making of all laws to legulate the internal concerns
ctf the government. Now these lesolutions go to interfere
with these internal concerns, and to regulate them by law.
When the gentleman fiom Kentucky undertakes to decide
the terms on which the member- of the convention shall be
chosen, I a^k him, where is the power? Aie riot the powers
of the Territorial Legislature as full as those of the Legis-
lature of Maryland: And have we not as good a light to
interfere with the State concerns of Maryland as to inter-
fere with the concerns of this Terntorvr We have the de-
termination of the Legislature of the Territory that it is not
desuous of forming a constitution at this time. If, then,
we go abiea^t of the deteimmation of one Legislature, why
not of another3 ff we go abreast of that of the North-
western Teintoiy, whv not go abieast of that of Maryland?
If, too, you may legislate for the people before they are
admitted into the Union, you mav also legislate for them
afterwards. If jou do not like the constitution they now
form, >ou may pass a law for anothei convention.
'• Bv a parity of leason you may force down a constitu-
tion on Connecticut and say that you will give them one.
Acting on such a pnnctple there can be no stopping place ;
you may go to an/ length. If you interfere with the au-
thority vested in others, you may go to any length, and that
the consolidation of the States, which some gentlemen af-
fected, will be accomplished. I am, therefore, on constitu-
tional grounds opposed to those resolutions. Let us turn to
the third resolution, which is calculated, in express words,
for calling a convention, by faw of the United States, and 1
taking The population of the last ceusus as the basts of rep- |
resontation. How are the opinions of the people upon the
calling of a convention to be obtained ? How is their con-
sent to elect delegates to be obtained? I answer,m no other
way than by an act of the Territorial Legislature, or by going
around to every man in the Teintoiy and obtaining hi*? opin-
ion. You must obtain the consent of the Temtonal Legis-
lature before you take the step of calling a convention."
The proceedings of Congress gave rise to a
public meeting of the citizens of Dayton, Ohio,
on the 26th of September, 1802. The following,
among other resolutions, was adopted unani-
mously:
11 We consider the late law of Congress for tin* admission
of this Terutory into the Union, as far as it lelates to the
calling of a convention, and regulating the election of its
members,as an act of legislative umii pation of power prop-
oily the province, of the Territorial Legislature, bearing a
•nuking similarity to the coune of Great Untam impOMiig
laws on the Piovmces. We view U as unconstitutional, as
a had picoedent, and unjust and partiabas to the iepic.-ent-
ation m the different counties. Wo wish our Legislature
to be called immediately to pass a law to take the enumer-
ation to call a convention, and to regulate the election of
membcis, and also the tune and place for the meeting."
j No. 5.
I In regard to the submission of Ohio Constitution o f 1802.
i Friday, November 12,1802. u Leave wa« given to lay he-
i foie the'convention a tesolution for submitting the consti-
tution or frame of government, now pieparxng, to the people
of the eastern division of the Terutory, northwest of the
Ohio, for their acceptance or disapprobation ; winch resolu-
tion \va& received and lead the first time . Whereupon,
"■ Ordered, That the «.nd resolution be committed to a
committee of the whole convention to mot tow.*'—Med. N.
C. 101. |
Saturday, yovember 13,1802. e< The convention, accord-
ing to the outer of the dav, resolved itself into a committee
of the wholcconvention on the tesolution of submitting the
con->tituuon oriiame of government, now prep.uing, to the
people of the eastern division of the Terutory, northwest of
the Ohio, for then acceptance or disapprobation, Mr. Byrd
in the chair; and, after -some tune spent theiein, Mi. Pres-
ident rej.umed the chair, and Mr. Uyid reported that the
committee had, according to order, had the j,aid resolution
under consideration, ami directed him to report to the con-
vention their disagreement to the same.
'• On the quet-uon th.it the convention do airree with the
committee of the whole, it wa  lesolved in the affirmative
—yeas 27, nays T:
•'■\k.ks—Abbott, Abiam<, Baldwin, Bair, Brown, Byrd,
Caldwell,Oarpentei, Darlington, Oonalson, Dunlavv.Gatch,
Gofoith, Gruhb, Humphrey, Huntington, Kirkei,"ki'chel,
Mas^ie, MUhgan, Moriovv, Paul, Sargent, &ntih, Wilson,
Woodi-, and Wortliington.
Nays—Cutler. Gilman, Mclntire, Putnam. Reillv, Up-
degraiT, and Wells.'— Journal, published tn Med. N. Con-
stitution.
No. 6.
The case of Rice against Foster (4 Harrington
Reports, 479) arose under an act of the Legisla-
ture of Delaware, of the 19th of February, 1847,
authorizing the people to decide by ballot whether
license to retail intoxicating liquors shall be
permitted among them. The constitutionality of
the act was contested,and the case carried to the
highest court of appeal for decision. The court
decided the law in question to be unconstitutional;
that as the legislative power in the State was
vested in a General Assembly, consisting of a
Senate and a House of Representatives, the peo-
ple have divested themselves of all legislative
power and vested it in this body, and that they
can resume it only in the forms of the constitu-
tion or by revolution.' That the General Assem-
bly cannot delegate this power even to the people
at large, nor can they make it depend upon the
votes of the people at the polls. Booth, the chief
justice, in delivering the opinion of the court,
said:
<b We have been taught by the lessons of history that equal
and indeed gieater dangers resulted fiom a pure dcmociacy
than from an absolute monaichy. Each leads to de poti m.
Wherever the powerof making law-?, which is the supieme
power m a State, has been exe'icised directly by the people
under any system of polity, and not by representation, civil
liberty has been ovetthrown. To guard airamst these dan-
gers,our republican government was instituted by the con-
sent of the people. The chaiaetenstic which distinguishes
it fiom the miscalled republics of ancient and modern times
is, that none of the poweis of sovereignty are exercised,
but all of them by separate coordinate branches of govern-
ment, in whom those poweis aie vested by the constitution.
These coordinate branches are intended to operate as bal-
ances, checks, and restraints,not only upon eaeh othei.but
upon the people themselves, to guard them against their
own rashness, precipitancy, and misguided zeal and to pro-
tect the minority agam^t the injustice of the majoiity."]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Burroughs] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I want to know if the gentleman from
New York has any vested rights to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from New York.
j Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. But has the gen-
l tleman from New York the right to monopolize
lj the floor, and yield it to any gentleman and then
jj take it again ?
j; The CHAIRMAN. A gentleman holding the
|j floor has the right to yield it' to another gcntle-
i| man, but the time occupied by him is taken out
i; of the time of the gentleman holding the floor.
!j Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I understand that
!j when a member yields the floor he yields it abso-
j | lately.
|; The CHAIRMAN. Such has not been the
|i practice in committee.
jj Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman from
i. New York who is entitled to the floor does not
I; desire to occupy it this evening and will yield it,
■ ! I will submit a motion that the committee rise.
ji Mr. BURROUGHS. I will yield for that pur,
jj pose.
; On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the com-
| mittee then rose, and the Speaker having resumed
, the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that the Com-
ij mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i{ had, according to order, had the Union generally
• ; under consideration, and particularly the bill of
|j the House No. 5, making appropriations foi the
; current and contingent expenses of the Indian
j department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
I with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
! June 30, 1859, and had come to no conclusion
j thereon.
j MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT,
j A message was received from the President of
i the United States, by James Buchanan Henry,
j his Private Secretary, informing the House that
j he had this day approved and signed a joint res-
! olution making appropriation for the payment
■ of expenses of investigating committees of the
; House of Representatives.
j RESOLUTIONS OF TEXAS.
| Mr. BRYAN, by unanimous consent, present-
i ed joint resolutions of the Legislature of Texas
! relative to the impeachment of Judge Watrous;
: which were referred to the Committee on theJu-
| diciary, and ordered to be printed.
1 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Mr. CLAY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What will be the
business in order if the House refuses to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House re-
