1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
Union under the Lecompton constitution. Hence
it has been argued in one portion of the Union
that this is a submission of the constitution, and
in another portion that it is not. We are to be
told that submission is popular sovereignty in one
section, and submission in another section is not
popular sovereignty.
Sir, I had hoped that when we came finally to
adjust this question, we should have been able to
employ language so clear, so unequivocal, that
there would have been no room for doubt as to
what was meant, and what the line of policy was
to be in the future. Are these people left free to
take or reject the Lecompton constitution? If
they accept the land grant, they are compelled to
take it. If they reject the land grant, they are
out of the Union. Sir, I have no special objec-
tion to the land grant as it is. I think it is a fair
one, and if they had put this further addition,
that if they refused to come in under the Lecomp-
ton consritution with the land grant, they might
proceed toforma new constitution,and that they
should then have the same amount of lands, there
would have been no bounty held out for coming
in under the Lecompton constitution; but when
the law gives them the six million acres in the
event they take this constitution, and does not
indicate what they are to have in the event they
reject it, and wait until they can form another, I
submit the question whether there is not an in-
ducement, a bounty held out to influence these
people to vote for this Lecompton constitution?
It may be said that when they attain the ninety-
three thousand population, or if they wait until
after 1860, if they acquired the population re-
quired by the then ratio—which maybe one hun-
dred and ten thousand or one hundred and twenty |
thousand—and form a constitution under it, we
shall give then the same amount of land that is
now given by this grant. That may be so, and
may not be so. I believe it will be so; and yet
in the House bill, for which this is a substitute,
the provision was that they should have this same
amount of land, whether they came in under the
Lecompton constitution or whether they formed
a new constitution. There was no doubt, no un-
certainty left in regard to what were to be their
rights under the land grant, whether they took the
one constitution or the other. Hence that prop-
osition was a fair submission, without any pen-
alties on the one side, or any bounty or special
favor or privilege on the other to influence their
action. In this view of the case, I am not able
to arrive at the conclusion that this is a fair sub-
mission either of the question of the constitution
itself, or of admission into the Union under the
constitution and the proposition submitted by this
bill.
Again, sir, there is a further contingency. In
the event that they rcject this constitution, they
are to stay out of the Union until they shall attain
the requisite population for a member of Con-
gress, according to the then ratio of representa-
tion m the other House. I have no objection to
making it a general rule that Territories shall be
kept out until they have the requisite population.
I have proposed it over and over again. I am will-
ing to agree to it and make it applicable to Kan-
sas if you will make it a general rule. But, sir,
it is one thing to adopt that rule as a general rule
and adhere to it in all cases, and it is a very dif-
ferent, and a very distinct thing, to provide that
if they will take this constitution, which the peo-
ple have shown that they abhor, they may come
in with forty thousand people, but if they do not,
they shall stay out until they get ninety thousand;
thus discriminating between the different charac-
ter of institutions that may be formed. I submit
the question whether it is not congressional inter-
vention, when you provide that a Territory may
come in with one kind of constitution with forty j
thousaud, and with a different kind of constitu- 1
tiou, not until she gets ninety thousand, or one j
hundred and twenty thousand r It is intervention j
with inducements to control the result, it is in- '
tervention with a bounty on the one side and a J
penalty on the other. I ask, arc we prepared to';
construe the gi eat principle of popular sovereignty j
m such a manner as will recognize the right of j
Congress to intervene and control the decision that •
tiiu people may make on this question. |
The great pnnciple for which we have all con- :
tended,"in the language of the ICansas-Nebiaska ;
act, is to leave the people perfectly fiee to form .
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States." If you hold out large grants, &nd
pecuniary inducements, to influence the affirma-
tive vote, and the terror of staying out of the Union
to influence the negative vote, I submit the ques-
tion, whether that people are left perfectly free to
form and regulate their institutions or not? I insist
that where there are inducements on one side, and
penalties on the other, there is no freedom of elec-
tion. The election must be free. The electors
must be leftunbiased by the action of the govern-
ment, if you are going to have fair elections, and
a fair decision.
For these reasons I do not think that this bill
brings the question within that principle which I
have held dear, and in defense of which 1 have
stood here for the last five months, battling against
the large majority of my political friends, and in
defense of which I intend to stand as long as I have
any association or connection with the politics
of the country. I must repeat, sir, that I do not
think this brings it within the principle thus laid
down, nor do the Democracy of Illinois think this
bill comes within that principle. We have recently
held a State convention. Public meetings were
held in ninety-eight of the one hundred and odd
counties. In ninety-seven of these counties res-
olutions were passed indorsing the course of <the
delegation in Congress upon this question. In
one county the opposite policy you see sustained.
That was the county of Lake, a county where the
Republicans have an overwhelming majority—
perhaps ten or twenty to one over the Democrats,
and where there were just Democrats enough to
hold the post officc and the custom-house, and
to fill the light-houses. That one county was
carried by the Lecompton men, twenty-seven of
them in number, I think; the other ninety-seven
counties were being carried by the anti-Lecomp-
ton men, and in nearly all of them by a unani-
mous vote. That convention representing the
entire State, embodied more of the eminent and
distinguished men—men of weight, of character,
moral, political, and social, than any convention
ever assembled in the State. That convention
which thus assembled a few days ago passed res-;
olutions, and among them was one upon this point I
which 1 will read. After defining and indorsing |
the principle of popular sovereignty, the sixth 1
resolution declares: j
''Resolved, That a fair application of these principle re- j
quires thatthe Lecomptnu co.i-tito'ion should be submitted j
to a diii ct vote oi th'; actual inh.ibitans oi Kansas. *o that |
they may vote for oi against that iri-;tmment, befoie Kansas I
shall be declared one ot the fftau^ of this I'mon : and until ,
it fiiali be ratified by til'' people of Kansas at a lair election i
hold for tint purpose, th'1, flhnoia Democracy are urialtei- j
ably opposed to the admission of Kansas under that consU- j
tution." j
I will furnish to the reporter the whole series, j
and ask him to incorporate them into the report,
as furnishing the platform upon which the Illinois
Democracy stand, and by which I intend to abide.
"Colonel McClernand, fiom the committee to piepire \
lesolutions for the consideration of the convention, made i
the following repoit; which was read, and. on motion, each ;
resolution wa-i'sepaiaody iead and unanimoiij.lv adopted: j
"1. Resolved^ That the Democratic party of the State of
Illinois, through their delegates m genera! convention as- i
spmbled. do reassert and deelaie the principles avowed by I
them as when, on former occasions, they liave presented i
their candidates foi popular suffrage. f
" 2. Resolved, That they aie unalterably attached to, and (
will maintain inviolate, the principles deelaied by the na- j
uonal convention at Cincinnati in June, JSwG. j
"3. Resolved, That they avow, vvirh renewed energy, ,
their devotion to the Fedetal Union of the United SiaiPs, !
their earnest desiie to avert sectional stiifc, their detormm- J
atlon to maintain the sovereignty of the States*, mid to po- I
tcct every State, and the people uiereof, in ail their cou^ti- ;
tutional lights. '
"4. Resolved, That the platform of principles ctabiu-hed r
by the national 'Democratic convention atOm^u-nan. n. the 1
only auriioi'tative exposition of Democratic docnino, and
they deny the n^lir of anv newer on earth, execpt a hke j,
body, to clnnye or interpolate that platform-or to nroenbe ,i
now and diifere.it tcct-"-; that they will neither do it them- 1
selves nor peimit it to be done by othei b.it will i^co^nize
all men a  Democrats who atand" by and uphold Democratic ';
puneiples. |j
5. Revived. That m the organization of State*. t' c peo- j ■
pie have a n^ht to decide at th*-* pjll  upon the chaiaetei of j,
thPir fundamental law, and that trie expenence of the pa>t 'j
year had poneluMv >l\' dcmon-tiated the vvi-d'>in ant! pro- ;■
pnetv of the puncipie. that the iiUKiaim-ntal law, under ;
wlneii theTemtoiy teek-admu:.-K>n into the I'mon.Miould '
be submitted lo the r>e*,p]<; of .an U T'.'ititory ror then j ill- ,
fieation oi injection at a fa«r elee'ion to be held lot Unit pm-
po-=e : and that, before *ueh T cvuroi/ i* admitted \ Siute, i
Mich fundamental law Miuai'l iceove a i.k.jm ;!> of tne h'-rul :
vou-y ca^t at such election ; and tVv deny th-' n-;nr, avl '
condemn aie attempt, oi any tonvunisunjca'ied for th^pur- i-
pose of framing a constitution, to impose the instrument
formed by them upon the people against their known will.
" 6. Resolved, That a fair application of these principles re-
quires thatthe Lecompton constitution should be submitted
to a direct vote of the actual inhabitants of Kansas, so that
they may vote for or against that instrument, before Kansas
shall be declared one of the States of this Union ; and until
it shall be ratified by the people of Kansas at a fair election
held for that purpose, the Illinois Democracy are unalterably
opposed to the admission of Kansas under that constitution.
"7. Resolved, That we heaitily appiove and sustain the
manly, film, patriotic, and Democratic position of S. A.
Douglas, Isaac N. Morris, Tiiomas L. Harris, Aarot*
Shaw, Robert Smith, and Samuel S. Marshall, the
Democratic delegation of Illinois in Congress, upon the
question of the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution ; and that, by their firm and uncompromising
devotion toDemoeiatic principles, and to the cause of jus-
tice, light, truth, and th« people, they have deserved our
admiration, increased, if pos&ible, our confidence in thdir
integrity and patriotism, and merited our warm approbation,
our sinceie and heaity thanks, and shall receive our earnest
suppoit.
" 8. Resolved, That in all things wherein the national
Administiation sustain and carry out the principles of the
Democratic parly a* expressed m the Cincinnati platform,
and atfiimed in these lesolunous, it is entitled to, and will
receive, our hearty support."
There the Democracy of Illinois, assembled in
convention under the circumstances which I have
stated, have, by a unanimous voice, declared that
this constitution must be submitted to a direct
vote of the people on its ratification or rejection,
and that Kansas must never come in under it un-
less, on such a direct vote, at a fair election, the
people shall decide in favor of admission under it.
Under these circumstances, it will be seen that I
stand now as I have stood during the whole ses-
sion, with the Democracy of my own State, firmly,
immovably, in favor of that great principle of pop-
ular sovereignty, which leaves the people per-
fectly free either to take the Lecompton constitu-
tion, or to take such other one as they may choose
to make.
I have had appeals made to me from political
friends, whom I respect and esteem, imploring me
to yield this great principle on this question in
consideration of so many concessions being made
on the other side. Some of that gloi ious band of
Democrats who have been acting with me on this
question during the session have felt it their duty
thus to yield, believing, as they think, that they
have secuied a substantial triumph in this great
contest. Sir, I desire no personal triumph. 1 have
not stood here for five months in conflict with men
with whom I have acted a whole lifetime, strug-
gling for a personal triumph. Hence because they
have made concessions, that fact ought not to
change my course unless those concessions are of
such a nature as to give me the principles for which
I contend.
If the object was to prove that the Lecompton
men had backed down, and abandoned their ori-
ginal giourid, I could parade the fact that at the
opening of this session we were told that Kansas
must come in under the Lecompton constitution
unconditionally, or else that four States would
secede from the Union. It was then to be an
unconditional admission. After awhile, upon
reflection, upon investigation, the conclusion was
arrived at that it was wise to put a clause iu the
bill in some way recognizing the right of the peo-
ple of that State to change their constitution be-
fore JSG4, although, according to my consti notion
of its terms, itpiohibited any change until that
period. Here was a concession made, a screat
concession, a concession which I never could have
made, on whichever side of the question 1 may
have been, for the reason that i do not believe
that Congress have any right to alter or construe
authoritatively a State constitution.
It was not satisfactory to me to have Congress,
in pursuance of the recommendation of the "Pres-
ident, intervene and recognize, by any implica-
tion, the right of the people to change their State
constitution in a manner different from that pre-
scribed m the instrument itself. 1 deny the right
of Congress to exercise any such power. I deny
the right of Congress to intervene and authorita-
tively construe the constitution of a State. If the
constitution was theiractand deeduf Uembodird
their will; it was sacred, and tt ought not to be
touched by Congress in any respect whatever,
exccpt to receive it unconditionally, or reject it
unconditionally. That concession was made; but
still it did not leach the point which I had felt it
my duty to make. It did not come to my princi-
p'e. I do not claim that Senators are under any
more obligation to come to me, than I am to go
to them. I claim the right to determine for my-
