784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 19.
or at any time subsequent thereto; that he was
compelled to relinquish and abandon his settle-
ment by virtue of the cancellation of his " per-
mit;" and that, since that period, he has contin-
ued to reside south of the line specified in the act
of Congress, and has not received lands under
the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL WHITNEY.
The Bill (S. No. 72) for the relief of Daniel
Whitney was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the confirmation of the title of
Daniel Whitney, assignee of Francis Lavonture,
to a certain tract of land at Green Bay, Wiscon-
sin, confirmed to Lavonture by the commissioner
appointed under the act of Congress approved
February 21,1823, entitled " An act to revive and
continue in force certain acts for the adjustment
of land claims in the Territory of Michigan,"
and directs the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to cause the tract of land to be sur-
veyed in the same manner as other private claims
to .lands at Green Bay have been surveyed, and
to issue a patent to Daniel Whitney, as assignee
of Lavonture, so soon as Whitney shall produce
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
a certificate of the register of deeds for the county
of Brown, in the State of Wisconsin, that he is
the actual assignee of Lavonture, and present
legal owner of the land, certified to by the clerk
of the circuit court of that county, under his
hand and the seal of the court, as in other cases,
and according to the provisions of the fifth sec-
tion of the act of 1823.
On the 15th of September, 1823, Francis La-
vonture presented to the commissioners appointed
Under the act of 1823 to hear and determine the
claims of persons to tracts of land occupied and
cultivated by them in the Green Bay settlement,
on the 1st of July, 1812, his claim, and the testi-
mony to support it, to a tract of land, " com-
mencing at low-water mark on Fox river, and
running west eighty arpents,orso far as to make
said claim contain six hundred and forty acres, as
confirmed by said commissioners; and bounded
on the south by a certain tract occupied by the
United States garrison; west and north by wild
or uncultivated lands;and east by Fox river, being
sixteen arpents in breadth." The commissioners
decided that the claim be confirmed, and that it
was not in conflict with any confirmation before
made, and they gave their certificate to the cor-
rectness of the proceedings had before them.
The Secretary of the Treasury, instead of ex-
ecuting or carrying into effect the law of 1823, and
selecting the doubtful and uncertain claims from
those which were confirmed, decided to lay ali the
claims before Congress, and submit all the decis-
ions of the commissioners to it for supervsion,
refusing to cause the claims actually confirmed by
law to be surveyed, and patents to be issued to the
claimants. On the 17th of April, 1828, Congress
passed an act to confirm certain claims passed i
upon by the commissioners, excluding those in '
the county of Michilimackinac, and also certain
lands occupied by the United States for military
purposes. About the time of the passage of this
act, the President of the United States (upon er-
roneous representations) was induced to make a
large military reservation of land, in the vicinity
of Fort Howard, at Green Bay, amounting to five
or six thousand acres. In this tract was included
the land of Francis Lavonture. The confirma-
tory act of 1828 was, therefore, of no benefit to
him in procuring him the evidence of his title, as
the. Secretary, afier its passage, refused the patent
because his land was thus embraced in the reser-
vation. The title to'the land continues in this
condition, although the post, as a military station
for troops, has been abandoned, and every part
of the reservation has ceased to be occupied for
military or Government purposes. The lands are
not now required for such purposes, notice having
been given during the year 1854, by the Secretary ]
of War, for their sale; and no compensation was
ever made to Francis Lavonture for thus taking
his land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was*read the third time, and passed.
MRS. JANE SMITH.
The bill (S. No. 73) authorizing Mrs. Jane
Smith to enter certain lands in the State of Ala-
bama was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It is an authority to Mrs. Jane Smith to entei-,
at the proper land office, the west half of the south-
west fractional quarter and the west half of the
northwest fractional quarter of section thirty-
three, in township six north, of range five cast,
situated in the State of Alabama, upon payment
to the receiver of $1 25 per acre, with a proviso,
that the entry shall be made within six months
from the passage of the act.
Mrs. Smith is the owner of these tracts, which
were formerly held as an Indian reservation for
Peter Randon, but were abandoned by him in
1836. In consequence of being held as a reser-
vation, the lands are not subject to private entry.
The memorialist, therefore, prays to be allowed
to enter them at the minimum price of Government
lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
bo engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
J. WILLCOX JENKINS.
The bill (S. No. 74) for the relief of J. Willcox
Jenkins was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to J. Willcox Jenkins the dif-'
fercnce between the pay of captain's clerk and a
purser of a first class sloop-of-war, from the 1st of
January to the 30th of April, 18§6, during which
time he was the acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Jamestown.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
INDIANA MEETING OF FRIENDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill on
the Private Calendar is a bill (S. No. 46) to grant
the right of preemption in certain lands to the In-
diana Yearly Meeting of Friends. The Chair
doubts whether it is a private bill or not.
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt that it is a
private bill. That is the corporate name of the
society asking the privilege of entering certain
lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sub-
mit it to the Senate. The Secretary will read
the bill for information.
The bill" was read. It provides that the Indiana
Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends, by such
committee or agent as it may appoint for that
purpose, shall be authorized to select and locate
three hundred and twenty acres of i lie lands within
that portion of the Shawnee country, in Kansas
Territory, situate between the Missouri State
line and a line west thereof, thirty miles distant
and parallel thereto, as described in the treaty
with the Shawnee Indians of the 10th of May,
1854, in addition to the three hundred and twenty
aeres set apart to the Friends' Shawnee Labor
School or Mission by the treaty. This location
is to be made upon any of those lands which will
belong to the United States, after the Indians shall
have made their selections, as provided by the
treaty. The committee or agent appointed to
make the location may at once designate the tract
or tracts selected to the proper land officer in Kan-
sas Territory, or to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office at Washington, who is, upon
payment to the United States of §1 25 per acre,
to issue a patent to such trustee or trustees as the
Yearly Meeting may nominate for the land thus
selected.
It further provides that the Yearly Meeting, by
such committee or agent as it may appoint, may
designate to the proper land officer in Kansas
Territory, or to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office at Washington, the tract of three
hundred and twenty acres set apart by the treaty
for the Friends' Shawnee Labor School or Mis-
sion, and thereupon it shall not be offered to sale;
but upon payment to the United States of $1 25
per acre, a patent shall issue for this tract to such
trustee or trustees as the Meeting may nominate.
The lands granted by the act are not to be sold,
or otherwise alienated, by the Yearly Meeting,
or its trustee, or trustees, without the previous
Mr. CLAY. Does a single objection carry the
bill over ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
clined to think, after hearing the bill read, that it
is not strictly a private bill.
Mr. CLAY. I do not so regard it, and I shall
object to its consideration at this time.
Mr. PUGH. It was passed through the Senate
at the last Congress, on private bill day—the same
bill identically.
Mr. CLAY. If so, it escaped my observation.~*
It cannot pass now. We should have an oppor-
tunity to look a little further into it.
Mr. PUGH. I do not understand the objection
of my friend from Alabama. Does he object that
it is not a private bill?
Mr. CLAY. It is not a private bill, in my opin-
ion; but furthermore, as 1 understand the rule, a
single objection will carry it over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has been
read twice before, and it comes up regularly now
on its third reading, and then on its passage.
Mr. CLAY. I object to it at this time. I want
to look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hardly
knows what the practice has been; but doubts
whether this can strictly be a private bill. He
causcd it to be read for information on the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to detain the
Senate or have the Senate now detained in the
consideration of this subject. I am very clear,
however, that if the Senator from Alabama under-
stood the facts he would not object to the bill for
an instant, nor would any Senator who under-
stood the circumstances of the case. It is clearly
a private bill. This is a corporation, and stands
in every respcct like an individual; it can sue and
be sued like an individual; its property is indi-
vidual property.
This is a society of Friends, which has been
organized for the purpose of educating the Shaw-
nee Indians, and they moved to that Territory
with them. The effect of the bill is simply to give
them an opportunity to enter some woodlands for
the purposes of the school. It restricts it to that,
as the Senator will see by the last section; they
cannot dispose of it. It is simply for the conve-
nience and sustaining of that school, which it is
conceded has been one of the best among the In-
dians. It has the recommendation of the Com-
missioner of Public Lands, and I think of every-
body who has examined the subject.
Mr. CLAY. How many acres does it give ?
Mr. STUART. Three hundred and twenty;
but the Senator will see that the bill reserves all
the rights of the Indians; itdoes not conflict with
them. Indeed its whole object is one of chaiity
to aid this charitable institution in a very friendly
and very Christian work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
be very much obliged to any Senator, as the ques-
tion has been made whether this is a private bill
or not, who would state what has been the prac-
tice of the Senate touching' bills relative to asso-
ciations or corporations of individuals. It is
purely a question of practice. The Chair has no
knowledge of the practice of the Senate on this
point.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think these bills have been
considered private bills. This one may bo objec-
tionable on principle; I do not know anything
about it; but I consider it to be a private bill,
according to the practice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, then,
will regard it as a private bill, if such be the un-
derstanding of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think it is a private bill,
and I do not understand such to be the practice
of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the bill ?
The Secretary read the title of the bill.
Mr. CLAY. I well remember that the consid-
eration of a bill in which I felt deep interest, as
well as the Senators from Georgia, providing for
the payment of certain claims for losses sustained
by citizens of the States of Alabama and Georgia,
from Creek Indian depredations in 1836, was ob-
jected to on a Friday during the last Congress,
on the ground that it was not a private bill. _ It
was so ruled by the Senate, and its consideration
was excluded on private bill day. If a bill for
the relief of a small number of citizens of those
States, who were named, was not a private bill,
