1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
buys material, puts up an office, gets ready to
do the work; and after doing; that, we suddenly
change ourminds and say to him, " you shall not
do it under the contract we made; but we will let
it out to the lowest bidder." That is monstrous.
Mr. STUART. I did not say that at all.
Mr. BROWN. That is the amount of it.
Mr. STUART. I do not say when he is
elected Printer to Congress, that then Congress
should take it away from him and have it done
somevvhereelse; that is not the thing; that would
be bad faith. It does not at all affect his contract.
He was elected as Printer to Congress, but you
are not obliged to make any amount of congres-
sional printing; the congressional printing which
you have ordered belongs to him; but the print-
ing of the Executive Departments not at all. He
can have that as it suits your pleasure. \j3
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am a little afraid,*al-
though it is not so intended, by any means, that
this proposition will have the effect to defeat the
whole thing in the House. You so change it that
in the-House all the interest and all the friends
of the Public Printer would defeat what we have
done. We are mixing up the Public Printer's
interest and matters of contract. We made a
quasi contract, or whatever you may be pleased
to call it, with these gentlemen originally, with-
out meddling with anybody. As the law stands
now, it is a useful reform, so far as it goes; but,
if you undertake to meddle with it in this way,
connected with a matter which interferes with the
public printing, we enlist, of course, against this
amendment, all the feeling for the Public Printer,
and all the influence that he can bring to bear upon
the subjcct. Moreover, the public printing is very
well regulated, and we are perfectly safe in leav-
ing it in the condition in which it is now.
There is another point of view in which it does
great injustice to the Public Printer. If it be true
that the Public Printer, in order to get the office,
has to give large fees, has to contract with A, B,
C, D, E, and F, to share the plunder, he does it
with reference to what he has got to do. It would
be very unjust to him, under such circumstances,
to deprive him'of the little profit that remains to
him. I understand that the contract is not by
any means a profitable one. There is too little
printing ordered to make it profitable, when you
take into consideration what fs paid for doing it.
Let us have it all fair all around, and not enlist
not only the Public Printer, but everybody who
shares with him, and have him bringing a law-
suit claiming damages for a large amount. I
think we had better not complicate the matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have listened
with a great deal of pleasure to what the Senator
from Maine has stated. I have been connected,
as the Senate is aware, dircctlyand immediately,
as a member of the Committee on'Pnntmg of the
Senate, with this particular subject, and I am
very well aware myself, that if you introduce ele-
ments of this character you will introduce those
that will be adversary and hostile to any effort of
reformation. In regard to the particular matter
we have been considering connected with the Post
Office Department, if we adopt a proposition of
this kind we adopt the most hostile movement we
can towards that which we have done this after-
noon. I do not believe that should be done. I
do not believe that a man who is opposed to what
we have done this evening could desire that the
steps we have already taken should be defeated
in the other House. Why ? Because they do not
take effect until after the 4th of March next; be-
cause, in the mean time, another session of Con-
gress must occur, and because all interests, being
united by the steps we now take, the very best
intellects of each House will be brought to bear
to mature a system and perfect a plan to settle the
whole of this postage system.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHJNSON, of Arkansas. As you said to
me, some days ago, I say, " Take your seat, sir."
I regret very much to do it. I will yieid to the
Senator, however.
Mr. GREEN. I thought you were through. I
merely wish to make this remark; we have had
discussion enough here to prove that we need the
previous question. I know of no parliamentary
law which piohibits the application of that rule;
and I ask for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I presume that
the motion of the Senator from Missouti, with all
the respect I have for him—and I certainly have
very great—does not demand an answer from the
Chair. I have listened, as I said before, to the
remarks of the Senator from Maine; and I do
think that the adoption of this proposition bears
directly upon those who have the public printing.
I wish to state to the Senate in regard to the
amendment directly, that it proposes to transfer all
the printing of the Executive Departments. Un-
der the law as it now stands, when printing goes
to the Public Printer, it is not just and right to take
it away from him. It goes to the Public Printer,
and if you take it away from him you take away
the opportunity on his part to comply with his
contract, and give him good ground to come be-
fore you for damages afterwards. I think that
when we have done that which places the whole
subject in our power hereafter, we ought to be
satisfied with it, and leave to the next Congress
the power to set the whole system right, which
the operation and action we have had this even-
ingwill certainly effect, without having disturbed
or interfered with, or deranged our public business
up to the 4th of March next.
I therefore hope and trust they will wait for the
results of a resolution which was introduced in
this body by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] to know what was the effectof the change
in our public printing on the part of our Executive
Departments; that is to say, whether it costs more
in being done by the Public Printer under exist-
ing laws, than it did when it was left to the De-
partments themselves to have that printing done.
No report has been furnished to you, because the
Committee on Printing have not been able to get
the facts from the different Departments; and this
is the only reason why you have not received an
answer from that committee on the subject. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. RA.YARD. I do not propose to prolong
! this discussion, notwithstanding the call for the
I previous question. I wish to make an inquiry as
to this particular amendment, whether the effect
would or would not be—it strikes me in one
sense, and may strike other Senators in another
—if hereafter an application should be made for
more Treasury notes, to require them to be print-
ed by the lowest responsible biddei ?
Mr. B1GLER. As I understand this amend-
ment, it provides that the contract for the manu-
facture of Post Office stamps and stamped en-
velopes shall be hereafter given to the lowest
responsible bidder. Now, as I understand the
present condition of that business, the contract
has been made in pursuance of laws now in exist-
ence, which contracts have two and a half or
three years to run for supplying these blanks and
stamps.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will allow me, I
will read a proviso I have drawn up, which I will
move at the proper time, to add:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be so con-
strued as to atFoct any existing contract or rights of the
present Pnntyis of the Senate and the House ot Represent-
atives.
Mr. BIGLER. Then we had better vote down
the amendment. It amounts to that.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
Mr. PUGH. The mistake Senators have fallen
| into is, that a greater portion of it has not been
executed.
Mr. BROWN. Then my proviso does not
refer to that.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will strike out all but that which gives
express authority to have certain work done in
Washington city. The post-bills and printing
parchments can be done at Washington, not by
the Printer, but done in the process specified in
this~act; and, in my judgment, the work will be
done two thirds chcaper than by this process; and
I hope the Senator will confine it to printing post-
bills and the printing on parchment. Then we
have no question about the Public Printer. He
does not print a line of them—neither the Printer
of the House nor of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I know he does not; but let me
call the attention of the Senator from Ohio to the
fact that you have subsisting contracts made un-
der existing laws, which ,by this amendment, you
propose abruptly to violate. If you do it, as cer-
tain as the Senate meets again yon will have claims
for damages, heavy damages. Parties will come
here and claim that they made preparations, at
vast expense, to execute contracts which, -by this
amendment, you violate. Your Public 'Printers
will say that they made vast outlays for materia*!
to fulfill a contract which was suddenly taken'
from them by this abrupt change of your law.
What I propose, when it shall be in order, is that
nothing in this act shall be so construedas to af-
fect any present contract, or affect any right of
the Public Printers elected by Congress. If they,
do that, let the whole thing go; butif you do net.
do that, I tell you, Mr. President, that you will
be asked for more than a million dollars'damages
done by thisamendment. You have got contracts
out now for printing blanks; you have contracts
out, running for two or three years, to print
stamped envelopes, and other contracts which it
is proposed by the amendment abruptly to cutoff
without a moment's notice, and the result will be
heavy bills of damages.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts by striking
out all but the two things i have named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment to the amendment now pending, offered by
the Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. If that amendment be not
adopted 
Mr. BROWN. Let me move my amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that this subject
has been reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been;
but by unanimous consent it can be received. .
Mr. SLIDELL. It was reconsidered by unan-
imous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unanimous consent was
given that the amendment should be offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unanimous con-
sent was given to the Senator from Louisiana to
offer his amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to reconsider the
amendment As it stands. Unless it is reconsid-
ered I shall vote against the original proposition.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Is it in order now to move a
proviso ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following:
Provided, That nothing m this section shall be so con-
strued as to affect any existing contract or rights of the
present Printers of the Senate and House of .Representa-
tives.
Mr. HUNTER. That is right. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
The VICE' PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the reception of the amendment?
Mr. PUGH. I object, unless the original
amendment is reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be offered.
Mr. BROWN. I notify Senators that they
are voting for an amendment that will perhaps
cost a million; certainly half a million. That will
be the end of it.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. BROWN. I am so.impressed with the
importance of moving that proviso, that I move it
as a separate section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be done
at this stage of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It is too late now. They
will manage it in the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question Is
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brod-
enck, <Jlay,Cltngman, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, llarlan, Hayne, Houston, Hunter, Iver-
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Pugh, JRoid, Sebastian, Slide!!. Siuart,Thom-
! son of New Jeisey, Toombs, and Yulee—30.
j NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brown, Collamer. Dixon, Fes-
senJcn, Foot, Foster, Hale. Hamlin, Kennedy, King,Tiuni-
Imii, Wade, and Wilson—M.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM" THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives by
