THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1858.
New Series.....No. SO.
it seems to me that a bill for the benefit of a cor-
poration, which may include an illimitable num-
ber of persons, should also be excluded as not
being a"private bill. If my objection will carry
it over, 1 shall object, at any rate, to its consid-
eration, because I wish to look at it. I am not
satisfied to let it pass without examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection of
the Senator will not carry it over, unless it be not
a private bill. Whether it is considered a private
bill or not, by the practice of the Senate, is what
the Chair wishes to understand. It is a matter
purely of practice, and he has no experience on
the point.
Mr. WADE. This bill will undoubtedly give
rise to debate. I had hoped that this would be
considered objection day, as it is called, when we
should take up no other bills than those which
should not give rise to debate. I presumed that
was the intention of the Senate—not to take up
those bills which any gentleman wished to debate,
but to proceed to pass those about which there
was no dispute. There are many such on the Cal-
endar, and I hope we shall dispose of them. I
hope this bill will be passed over, as it is to give
rise to debate.
Mr. PUGH. If that is the general understand-
ing I do not object to the suggestion of my col-
league; but if gentlemen are to go on and have
their bills considered, I certainly shall insist an
this, because it is one of the most meritorious bills
before Congress. If, however, this is to be con-
sidered objection day, and the bill is to go over
because it is objected to, very well.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand that this
is a private bill in the ordinary sense of that term.
A private bill is a bill which affords relief to an
individual for some claim he has on the Govern-
ment. For instance, a man has a money claim on
the Government which he is not enabled to enforce
by law, but he comes to Congress on equitable
considerations to have it allowed to him. If a
widow has ail equitable claim on the Government
for a pension, and she cannot get it under the rules
and regulations of the Department, she applies to
Congress, and Congress waives the strict letter of
the law and allows her, on equitable considerations,
the pension for which she prays. An individual
has a claim against the Government for money
which the accounting officers refuse to allow for
some technical or legal difficulty, and he presents
his case to Congress and asks that the legal dif-
ficulty shall be waived and his equitable claim
allowed.
These are what I understand to be private claims.
Rut this is not a private claim; these individuals
have no claim on the Government, except on its
mere bounty, its mere generosity, its mere liber-
ality. They have no claim under a contract, no
claim under a treaty, no claim under a law, no
claim for services rendered, no claim on the Gov-
ernment. This is not a private claim, according
to my understanding of the term, and itought not
to be so considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
whether it is a private bill?
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Georgia has
given a wrong definition to the character of the
subject. It is not confined to private claims; itis
confined to private cases. The Senate and House
of Representatives have decided, again and again,
that a bill presented on behalf of a State is a pri-
vate bill; and a general bill is one which affects
the whole public—a public law. Look at your
statutes; you find theie public acts and private
acts published. What is this? Here is a bill be-
fore the Senate for the relief of a corporate body
of persons. Suppose it were a bank, or any cor-
porate society, or anything else of a private char-
acter: would not a bill affecting it be a private "act,
as contradistinguished from a public act ? That
is the distinction. Every species of legislation
that is a public act goes on the general Calendar,
and is considered upon the general Calendar; but
everything that is a private act is consideted as a
private bill, and goes upon the Private Calendar.
This is most certainly a bill of a private charac-
50
ter, relating to this individual school. It is no
more nor less than a society of Friends asking for
the privilege of entering three hundred and twenty
acres of land for the benefit of their school.
_ Mr. PUGH. They arc asking to enter a spe-
cific tract of land set apart by the Indian council
and confirmed by the Land Office and the Indian
department, but which is not subject to actual
preemption under existing law. It is just waiv-
ing that condition of the law.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Chair
understand the Senator from Ohio to say that at
the last session this bill was passed on the Private
Calendar?
Mx- PUGH. I was mistaken; it was on the
Private Calendar, but it was taken up in the morn-
ing hour, on my motion, and passed.
Mr. SEWARD. A private bill, as I have always
understood, is a bill for payment to an individual
whopresents some claim against the Government,
founded either in law or in equity. A private
person, in this sense, may be one individual, or
several individuals associated as partners, ora cor-
poration aggregate. Corporations aggregate are
simply private persons, in this view. However,
for the purpose of removing any question about
it, I move to lay the bill on the table, in order that
we may proceed with other business.
The motion was agiced to.
JOSEPH CHASE AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 78) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
; to issue laud warrants to Joseph Chase, James
> Young, and Alexander Keef; which was read a
| second time, and considered as in Committee of
j the Whole.
It provides for issuing to Joseph Chase, James
Young, and Alexander Keef, of the State of
Rhode Island, respectively, a land warrant for
one hundred and sixty acres of land, in consider-
ation of their detention as prisoners in the Dart-
moor prison during a portion of the years 1814
and 1815.
Mr. PUGH. I do not object to this bill, but it
is evidently of the same class as the one just laid
on the table. I think it is a private bill. I shall
offer no objection to it, but I wish to show the
Senate how completely Senators are wrong in
their definitions of private bills.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the bill be
engrossed and read the third time?
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
LAURENT MILLAUDON.
The bill (S. No. 81) for the relief of Laurent
Millaudon was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Laurent Millaudon will, by this bill, be con-
firmed in his title to two tracts of land lying on
the east side of Mobile bay, m the State of Ala-
bama, being the two tracts of land known as the
De Feriot claims, as surveyed in the year 1830,
and approved of by the surveyor general in the
year 1835, with the exception of so much off of the
north end thereof as has heretofore been surveyed
and confirmed to William Patterson, and included
within what is known as the Patterson claim, as
now located. This, however, is only to be con-
strued as a relinquishment of any title the United
States may have to these lands; and the confirm-
ation is to inure to the benefit of any other per-
sons, if such there be, as may be entitled to any
part of the De Feriet claims under conveyances j
from him. I
Under the provisions of the act of 1812, author- |
izing the investigation of land titles south of the j
thirty-first degree, and east of the Mississippi, an j
individual, without any authority for so doing, I
filed two alleged Spanish permits for lands on the
east side of the Mobile bay, in favor of J. B 
Lorendme, in the behalf of the Baron de Feriot;
these claims were favorably reported upon by
Commissioner Crawford, and communicated to
the House of Representatives on the 5th day of
January, 1816. Subsequent to this report, but
before any action by Congress, Arthur L.Simms
became the purchaser of the right of De Feriot.
On the 3d of March, 1819, Congress passed an
act confirming all the claims favorably reported
by the Commissioner; and, under that act, the
claims were regularly surveyed by the proper offi-
cers in 1830, and confirmed by the Surveyor Gen-
eral m 1835. On the 20th of March, 1837, Lau-
rent Millaudon, relying upon the representations
made to him of the genuineness of-the claims,
and upon all the previous action of the officers of
the Government and of Congress, by which they
were declared to be valid and good titles, and as
covering lands to which the Government had no
claim, became the purchaser of certain portions
of them from Simms. Doubts having afterwards
arisen as to the justice of these claims, with a
view of securing the lands, preemption floats were
laid thereon. Under the titles thus purchased hy
Mr. Millaudon, and believed by him to be most
unimpeachable, he went on in making the most
extensive preparations to establish a city upon
those lands, and it appears that in this enterprise
he actually expended upwards of one hundred
thousand dollars. The validity of the De Feriot
titles being brought before the General Land Of-
fice for consideration, in 1837, that office required
a report from the land officers at St. Stephens,
upon all the'facts and evidence in the case; and
it satisfactorily appears, from that report and ac-
companying documents, that the claims of De
Feriot were fraudulent in themselves, and the De
Feriot titles, being fraudulent, conveyed no title
to the present holders under them. Besides, asthe
lands were represented upon the plats as private
claims, and have not been surveyed into sections,
as public lands, they were not subject to be floated
on under the provisions of the preemptio«4aw,and
no right to the land was acquired by those floats
being placed thereon.
From these decisions it results that Mr. Millau-
don, an innocent purchaser of title, which he had
every reason to believe, from all the previous ac-
tion of the Government thereon, was a perfect one,
after an outlay of upwards of one hundred thou-
sand dollars upon the land, now finds that that
title, if not void, is at least questionable, and that
all his expenditure is upon hinds, perhaps, be-
longing to the United States.
In view of the fact that these claims were re-
ported for confirmation by the commissioner, con-
firmed by the act of Congress of 1819, surveyed
and confirmed by the Surveyor General of the
United States, and reserved and set apart by the
General Land Office for a satisfaction of these
claims, together with the further fact that the claim-
ant is an innocent purchaser, for a valuable con-
sideration, the committee are of opinion that Con-
gress ought to confirm the title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
LANDS GRANTED TO LA FAYETTE.
The next bill on the calendar was the bill (£>.
No. 71) to amend an act entitled if An act to au-
thorize a relocation of land warrants three, four,
and five, granted by Congress to General La
Fayette"."
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer that that bill be passed
over in the absence of my colleague. I move to
postpone its consideration until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE M. GORDON.
The bill (S. No. 83) to vest the title for certain
warrants for land in George M. Gordon was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
By it the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is directed, under such regulations as he
may prescribe, to recognize the assignment made
to George M. Gordon, on the 21st of January, 1852,
by Edmund Hugill, sergeant in Captain Gordon's
company, third regiment of United States in-
