THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Co^oiiEss, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 11, 1858.
New Series....No. 182.
ertheiess constrained to ask its indulgence, while
I briefly explain theamendments I have proposed.
By the act of February, 1850, the expenses for
collecting the revenue east of the Rocky Mount-
ains, on the Canadian frontiers, on the At'ajUic
and Gulf coasts, were limited to $1,225,000 semi-
annually—$2,450,000 annually. This act of 1850
was pressed through both Houses of Congress
during the fiist year of General Taylor's admm-
mmistration, under the lead of gentlemen now
high in the councils and confidence of the present
Administration. This sum of $2,450,000 for the
collection of the revenues on the eastern slope of
the Rocky Mountains, was then deemed most am-
ple, if not extravagant, by Mr. Thompson, the
Secretary of the interior, then a member of the
House, and the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hrx-
ter,] and other gentlemen, who now propose to
repeal that act, and take off the limitations im-
posed by it, and appropriate -§4,000,000 annually
for the collection of thecustoms. The Secretary
of the Treasury, whose name as Sneaker of the
House was affixed to the act of 1850, now asks
the repeal of that act, and the chairman of the
Committee on Finance renoits this House bill
which repeals the restriction act, and sets apart
$4,000,000 for the collection of the revenues here-
after.
I now propose, Mr. President, to strike out the
first two sections of the bill, which repeal the act
of 1850, and appropriate #4,000,000 for the col-
lection of the customs; and I propose to insert
two sections, appropriating #l,aOO,OUO scmi-an-
nuaiiy, ot £>3,000,000 annually, for the collection
of the revenue, and also to require the revenues
collected on the Pacific coast to be paid into the
Treasury before the expenses of the collection are
deducted therefrom. If myamendments prevail,
if they shall leceive the sanction of both [Jouses
of Congress, £1,000,000 less will be appropriated
—$1,000,000 will thus be annually saved in the
collection of the customs. The expenses of col-
lecting the revenue can be, should lie, and Con-
gress ought to say to the Secretary of the Treasury
shall be, kept within $3,000,000. The customs
can now be collected for less than three million
dollars. One thousand men can be discharged,
and ought to be discharged, from the now over-
crowded custom-houses. The public interests
and the public morals will in no respect suffer if
Congress shall require the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to promptly dismiss from the public service
men who have been crowded into the packed cus-
tom-houses—not to perform actual, necessary du-
ties, but as a reward to them for services rendered
elsewhere, or to keep them in pay, ready to per-
form services in the future.
Your svstcm of collecting revenue, Mr. Presi-
dent, is full of the grossest abuses. Your cus-
tom-houses are reeking with corruption. These
scandalous abuses and this reeking corruption
have been nursed, fostered, and protected by the
Treasury Department during the five past years,
and that, too, in violation of the law of 1850.
Law has been disregarded; hundredsof thousands
of dollars beyond the limitations of the act of
1850 have been squandered to support in the De-
partment men crowded into it as the levvaid for
party fealty and party services; <?nd now, when
your Treasury is empty, when your Administra-
tion is borrowing tens of millions beyond its in-
come, the Secretary of the Tieasury, instead of
reducing the expenses of collecting the revenue
within the legal limits of the act of 1850, by dis-
charging* the hundredsofsupernumerary officers,
thrust into the revenue service to fatten upon the
Treasury, cornes to these Halls and asks Con-
gress to giant him §4,000,000 to keep up this
wretched system, created for coirupl ends and
used for corrupt purposes. I am amazed that
the House of Representatives should respond to
the demands of the Secretary of the Treasury l.y
sending this bill here, and i am amazed, too, that
the Finance Committee should report tins bill to
the Senate, snd that the chairman of the commit-
tee should consent to stand on this floor as the
champion of this bill, which grants $4,000,000
182
of the public money to keep up the shameless
abuses of your system of revenue collection.
I have spoken, Mr. President, of the shameless
abuses which have grown up in our system of
collecting the customs, under the fostering hands
of the past and present Administrations. A recur-
rence to facts will give the Senate and the country
some faint conception of these abuses, and of the
way they have been nursed and cheiished by the
men now in power, by the leaders of that Democ-
racy which ever prates of economy, retrench-
ment, and reform.
The expenses of collecting the revenue on the
Atlantic and Gulf coasts, in all the country east of
thu Rocky Mountains, were $2,000,000 annually
during the four years of the administrations of
Taylor and Fillmore. The act of 1850 allowed
the administrations of Taylor and Fillmore to ex-
pend §2,450,000 annually in the collection of the
customs, exclusive of ail the expenses on the Pa-
cific coast. Those Administrations, denounced
by that Democracy which always talks economy
when out ot power and always practices extrava-
gance when in power, saved $1,623,000; or rather,
those Administrations did not expend what the
act of 1850 allowed them to expend by $1,0*23,00(1.
Mr. Corwm turned over to his snece^or, Mr.
Guthrie, this $1,693,000, which he had refused to
squander upon officials m the revenue service.
With this rich legacy of $1,623,000 fiom the
outgoing Administration, the Pierre administra-
tion entered, on the 1st of July, 1853, on its fiist
financial year. Atone bound that Administration
carried its expenditures for thecustoms on the
Atlantic coasts up, not only to the amount allowed
by the act of 185 >, but beyond that amount more
than two hundred thousand dollais. On went the
Pierce administration, and up, up went its ex-
penditures for the collection of the revenue, until
its closing year carried the expenses to $3,102,000,
nearly one million two bundled thou^a^d dollars
more than the average annual expenses of the
administrations of Taylor and Fillmore. The
average annual expenses of the collection of cus-
toms on the Atlantic coasts, during the Demo-
cratic administration of President Pierce, exceeded
two million nine hundred thousand dollars, being
$900,000 annually more than the average annual
expenses of the four preceding years.
The legacy of $1,623,000 received from the Fill-
more administration wasexpended in excessof the
unusual amount of $2,450,000 allowed by the act
of 1850, and §70,000 more, making, dunns; the four
years, $1,690,000 more than the act of 1850 allowed
for the collection of the revenue east of the Rocky
Mountains. The Pierce administration added
more than six hundred and thirty men to the force
employed in the custom-houses on the Atlantic;
three hundred and forty-six men were added to
the force in the New York custom-house, thus
increasing the annual expenses more than three
hundred thousand dollarsin thatcity. The Pierce
administration expired in 1S57, bavin®:added more
than six hundred men to the revenue service on
the Atlantic coast, and increased the expenses of
collecting the customs annually more than nine
hundred thousand dollars in this scction of the
Union.
Sir, the present Administration must be consid-
ered as the extension, the promulgation of the
Pierce dynasty. The same policy is continued,
the abuses, the corruptions, the extravagances of
the system are nursed, fostered, and cherished,
with the same hearty zeal by the present Admin-
istration. And the "fruits of this mad policy arc
before us, in an expenditure for the firs' year of
about three million thrne hundred thousand dol-
lars in the Atlantic ports, and ni this demand for
$4,00 >,000 to meet the expenses of tne system for
the coming year. The expenses of collecting the :
revenue on the Pacific ccast hist year were about
four hundred and sixty thousand dolLus, and we
are fold that they wili be reduced thisyca* to about
three hundred thousand dollars. Therefore, the
Secretary of the Treasury asks for the repeal of
the act of 1850, limiting the expenses on the At-
lantic to S2,450sl'00,so that he can have <3,700,000
to expend, during the coming year, on this side
of the continent—$1,700,000 more than the ave-
rage expenses of the four years of the adminis-
tration of Taylor and Fillmore. Can extrava-
gance and profligacy go further?
This addition, Mr. President, during the past
five years of more than six hundred men to the
revenue force on the eastern slope of the Rocky
Mountains, this addition of $1,500,000 to the an-
nual expenses of collecting the customs on this
side of the continent, will give the Senate and the
country some faint conception of the extrava-
gances and corruptions which have been nursed,
fostered, and cherished by the Democratic party
during the five years past. And now, sir, in this
time of general depression in all the business in-
terests of the country; when labor is neither fully
employed nor adequately rewarded, when the Gov-
ernment is forced to issue millions of Treasury
notes and to borrow millions of dollars to meet
its current expenses, when private claims are
thrust aside, and river and harbor improvements
suffered to go to ruin, to the danger of life and
property; wnen every interest of the people is
remorselessly sacrificed for want of money, the
Secretary of the Treasury comes to the Halls of
Congress, not with a matured plan for the reduc-
tion of the expenses of .collecting the customs
within the limits now allowed by law, but with
a proposition to repeal the act of 1850, to increase
the expenses of collpcimg the customs by hun-
dreds of thousands, even over the lastyear of Pres-
ident Pierce's administration, when the Treasury
was overflowing and the revenues larger by mil-
lions than they now are. And this demand of
the Treasury Department has been responded to
by the House of Representatives, under the lead
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and the Committee on Finance have re-
ported this measure to the Senate, and the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Hunter] standsready
to give this bill his support and the influence of
his name and position. The country will not fail
to see and to note this ill-timed proposition to
squander the public money upon Government of-
ficials and political favorites—men put into office,
not because the public service needed them, but
because they needed public office.
Now, Mr. President, I want the Senate to un-
derstand—1 want the Administration to under-
stand, that the country clearly comprehends the
scope and intent of this measure—that the people
know this to be simply an office-holder's meas-
ure. Yes, sir, this is a simple proposition to
make it legal for Secretary Cobb to expend some
twelve hundred thousand dollars more than the
law now allows him to expend for the collection
of the customs in the Atlantic and Gulf ports.
This is the whole purpose of this bill—nothing
more, nothing less. Let Senators not deceive
themselves. Let them remember that this meas-
use is simply an office-holder's measure, t|iat
there is nothing in it about the Mormon war,
nothing about British outrages m the waters of
the southern Gulf, nothing in it about the defense
of the interests of the country. Let them re-
member that it is only a proposition, a bald and
naked proposition, to squander annually upon
custom-house officials, beyond the amount now
allowed by law, not less than one million dollars
of the $15,000,000 we have just authorized the
Government to borrow. Let them remember this,
and then let them vote for it if they had rather
incur the displeasure of the people than the per-
petual importunities of Mr Secretary Cobb.
1 do not hesitate, Mr. President, to avow here
on the floor of the Senate the opinion that Mr.
Secretary Cobb merits the censure of the country
for his management of the collection of the reve-
nue during the oast year. When he assumed the
duties of his office he knew the act of 1850, which
his own hand had signed, limited the expenses
of collecting the customs on the Atlantic side of
the country to $2,450,000. He knew, too, that the
whole legacy of $1,6*23,000 bequeathed by Mr.
Corwin to his successor had been expended by
that successor. He knew that the revenues would
