1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
meets my acquiescence, but my hearty concur-
rence.
" Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Georgia a question: he says it is proposed to
submit this back to the people of Kansas because
there is a modification of their land proposition,
and it is necessary to submit it because it is mod-
ified. My question is, why the first Senate bill
did not send it back, for that modified the propo-
sition equally with this, but still that admitted the
State without resubmission?
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true; but, as T stated,
the consequences would have been the same, with
or without submission. I do not think this sub-
mission necessary to be putin the bill; but, accord-
ing to the original Senate bill, without its being
nominated in the bond, Kansas could reject it,
as Arkansas and Iowa did. It might have been
there without objection from me; I though tit was
proper to put it there; but in the case of Arkan-
sas, the convention had authorized the Legisla-
ture to accept a modification of the land terms,
and hence Congress referred that to the Legisla-
ture. In the other case it was referred to the peo-
ple of Iowa, and Iowa rejected it, and made a new
constitution subsequently. I say that if it was
not there, the consequences would be the same as
though it were there; and I should not have ob-
jected to it if it had been in the original Senate
bill. The legal consequences would be the same
whether it was there or not.
Mr.WILSON. Mr.President,the Senatorfrom
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] tells us that the cry of
cramming the Lecompton constitution down the
throats of the people of Kansas is at an end. It
is to go down by another process now. This
measure is a conglomeration of bribes, of penal-
ties, and of meditated fraud. Lecompton is not
to be crammed down now: it is to be bribed down,
and to be cheated down, and this proposition pro-
vides for both of these alternatives. It goes to the
people of Kansas with a bribe in one hand and a
penalty in the other; and, if bribes and threats will
not win, you have provided that fraud shall.
But the Senatorfrom Georgia starts a new prop-
osition here to-day,onewc shall all give him the
credit of originating; and that is, that if we had
admitted Kansas into the Union under the Senate
Lecompton bill, that we fought over so long, she
would not have been m the Union as a member
of this Confederacy, because we did not agree to
her proposition for seventeen million acres of the
public lands. Sir, why did we not hear of this
when the question was before the Senate? For
more than four months we have sat here babbling
over this Lecompton constitution,and no man m
the Senate or the House of Representatives, and
no public press of the country, no public man of
the country, no human being on God's earth ever
dreamed, or ever uttered the dream, that Kansas
would not be a member of this Union if the bill
to admit her under the Lecompton constitution
should pass.
Sir, as we were about to take the last vote in
the Senate upon the bill for the admission of Kan-
sas, I called the attention of the Senate to the cer-
tificate of John Calhoun, certifying that the ordi-
nance claiming these lands was adopted by the
people as a part of the constitution. A brief de-
bate sprang up upon that point. The Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] who yesterday addressed
the Senate for nearly two hours upon matters per-
taining to the general affairs of Kansas, said, on
that occasion, that,
"There has scarcely ever been a new State admitted into
thi* Umnn that did not, in its ordinance, claim mon* public
lands than Congress ever gave it. 1 never knew Congress
to giant it m any ca^e. It is not a p.ut, it cannot be made
a pai t, of the constitution, no matter what Mr Calhoun cer-
tifies That docs not atTcct Us legal force. It is a question
of the gift of the public lamU. There is no case, frotn the
admission of Ohio to iln> dav, in which a new State has not
asked mote lands than Congress has given. The attempt to
make a mountain out of this molehill will certainly fail."
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
said that this proposition was only a proposition
for a bargain—a proposition made" by Kansas for
a bargain for public lands; that " this pretended
right of taxation had never been yielded by Con-
gress, and never woittd be yielded." He said:
f£ The idea of one of the States of this Union taxing the
propujy of the Oovei nment oi the United States within its
limits n one which has been frequently advanced by the
new States with n view to e^tuit iiom Congress an addi-
tional gnujt ot kind. It nevei yet has been concedod, and
never will."
Sir, there was not a man here in the Senate, not
one who claimed that if Kansas was admitted un-
der the Lecompton constitution, she would have
the seventeen million acres of public lands. The
Senatorfrom Missouri [Mr. Green] offered an
amendment, and it was adopted without divis-
ion by the Senate; and it expressed the unanimous
judgment of this body and of Congress: "
" That nothing in this act shall be construed as an assent
by Congress to any or all of the propositions or claims con-
tained in the ordinance annexed to said constitution."
Here was a special provision put into the bill,
that nothing in the act should be deemed or taken
as an assent to any of the provisions of the ordi-
nance, and that provision passed by the unani-
mous voice of the Senate. This was a repudiation
by the Senate of the claim of any right on the part
of Kansas to tax the public lands. I declare here
and now that this pretense that Kansas would not
be a member of the Confederacy if the original Sen-
ate bill had passed Congress, is an afterthought.
It is a doctrine avowed here to-day for a special
purpose, to have a special effect in the country,
and there is nota man in the Senate of thcUnited
States, or the Congress of the United States, or
on the soil of this Republic, who believes there is
anything in it. It is the merest pretense.
The proposition that comes to us from the com-
mittee of conference had its origin with men who
for four months have sat in council with us here
in resisting this attempt of the Administration to
force the Lecompton constitution through Con-
gress. It comes from men who were pledged by
all that binds honorable men to stand by the prop-
osition made by the honorable Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky, to vote to sustain that proposition, to resist
a committee of conference, and to defeat the meas-
ure for the admission of Kansas into the Union
under this Lecompton swindle. Sir, we read in
Holy Writ that u the ox knoweth his owner, and
the ass his master's crib,'"and we have had these
words illustrated in this case. The asses have
found their master's crib, and the oxen have rec-
ognized their owner. This report comes to us
under a f.ilsrtand lying pretense. Yes, sir, a false
and lvtng pretense. There is no controversy m
regard to the public lands between the Federal
Government and the Territory of Kansas, none
whatever. From the adoption of the Lecompton
constitution by the convention on the 7th of No-
vember last, up to the framing of this proposition,
there was not a man in America who believed
that there was anything in this ordinance but a
mere proposition for a bargain. Nobody believed
the Congress of the United States would accept
it, and if Congress rejected it, there was an end
of it, for Congiess has never put, until this prop-
osition was made, the question in controversy of
the rights of the States to tax the public lands of
the United States, it lias been settled by the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
that the States have no right to tax the property
of the United States. That principle is almost as
old as this Government, and yet this well-defined
and settled principle is now to be submitted to the
decision of the people of Kansas; a doubt for the
first time is raised, and this is the basis on which
you have trumped up this proposition 1
I have said that this is a proposition to bribe
the people of Kansas. The Senator from Geor-
gia tells us that it is no bribe. Now, 1 say to the
Senator that it offers a positive and dnect bribe
of hundreds of thousands of dollars to the people
of Kansas, to come into the Union now under
the Lecompton constitution. There are eighty
million acres of land in the Territory of Kansas.
We have sold none of those lands, or next to none
of them. Hundredsof thousandsofacresof these
lands have been taken up by actual settlers. Your
Government has advertised hundreds of thou-
sands of acres to be sold in July next. The best
of the lands of theTerntory of Kansas have been
taken up under your preemption laws, but they
have not yet been paid for.
Now, this scheme offers to Kansas, if it comes
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution,
i five per cent, of the proceeds of all the lands that
■ may be sold. If she comes into the Union be-
. tween now and the 1st day of July next, she has
' five percent, on the pioceedsof the immense quan-
' titles of the public lands to be sold in that Terri-
tory. That will amount, I think, to millions of
dollars; and that poor Territory, without money,
without means, is offered five per cent, on the
sales of all the public lands if she will come into
the Union with the Lecompton constitution; and
if not, she is to stay out, these lands are to be
sold,and she is to have no five per cent, of their
proceeds. Here is a positive,direct bribe offered,
amounting to hundreds of thousands of dollars,
for Kansas to come into the Union at once, be-
fore her public lands are brought into the mar-
ket, and sold at all; and yet the Senatorfrom
Georgia recklessly asserts here in the face of this
fact, before the Senate and the country, that there
is no bribe offered to the people of Kansas to take
this abhorred constitution.
That is not all. You are offering this people
something like four million five hundred thousand
acres of land to come into this Union under this
constitution. In answer to that, we are told that
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] made the same proposition. He did,
but his proposition did not stand in the form of
a bribe. It applied to the Lecompton constitu-
tion, if they took that; it applied to the new con-
stitution to be made, if they took that. It was a
fair, honest proposition, and could have had no
effect whatever on the decision of the people. It
was a proposition that came from an honest man,
and was supported by honest men, and met the
approbation of honest men. This is a proposition
put in the form.of a bribe, for it is, have this
land if you take Lecompton;" and if they do not
take Lecompton, it does not say a word about
what they shall have when they make another
constitution. It is a temptation to the public men
of that Territory to come in now and have the
control of these public lands, and everybody
knows how anxious men in this country, espe-
cially in the new States, are to obtain control over
immense tracts of public lands.
Consider, now, sir, the penalties you propose
to inflict upon these people. Every member of
the Senate who has studied the affairs of Kansas,
knows that there is a sentiment in thatTerritory,
approaching unanimity, in favor of coming into
the Union at once. The sentiment of all the peo~
pie of that Territory is, to come into the Union
now, to be a memberof this Confederacy. Their
interests, all they have and all they hope to be,
prompt them to come into the Union now to share
its blessings and its benefits. But what do you
propose here? You give them five per cent, on
the sales of their lands, if they will come in now.
If they stay out, they lose five per cent, on all
their lands sold until they do come in, arid if they
stay out one or two years millions of acres of the
very best lands will be sold, and they get no ben-
efit from the sales. Then you offer them four
and a half million acres of land. This proposi-
tion addresses itself with immense force to the
governing men of that Territory, and to the peo-
ple, for they are for public schools. These lands
may, and will be, given at some future time when
they do come in; but the operating force of this
proposition presses upon them now. You hold
up the bribe in their faces now, and appeal to
them to accept it; but if they do not come in now,
they are to be kept out. They want to be in the
Union; you keep them out unless they will come
in under the Lecompton constitution that they
have condemned by ten thousand popular ma-
jority. You punish them by putting this penalty
upon them.
Well, Mr. President, I believe the people of
Kansas will vote down this Lecompton constitu-
tion by an overwhelming majority. I do not be-
lieve you can buy that people with this five per
cent, on their public lands, or by four and a half
millions of her eighty million acres of lands.
You have tried to force them—you have failed.
Now you propose to bribe them. I have the full-
est confidence that you will ignominiously fail m
that. You believed it. The man who framed
this measure believed the people would reject it,
and he prepared this measure to carry it through
byfraud,and he intended that. Yes, sir, I charge
it directly that the getters-up of this proposition
expected the people of Kansas to defeat it, and
I they intended to put it in the power of the Le-
| comptonites to carry it by fraud. If corruption
I will not win, fraud is to win.
I _ The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Eiggs
j in the chair.] The Chair would suggest to the
i Senator from Massachusetts, that in his opinion
J it is not exactly in order to charge the conference
! committee with an intention to commit fraud. I
