1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2899
be reduced consistently to the wants of the public
service.
I believe, then, under the circumstances, that it
is necessary for the present to allow him the sum
which he asks, and to apply ourselves hereafter
to cut off and frown down these excesses and
abuses which have, I believe, crept into the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue. I believe there
are too many officers. I believe there are too
many ports of delivery. I believe that the reve-
nue service is larger than it ought to be; and I
trust much to the future efforts of the Secretary
of the Treasury to reduce these things when he
can doitunder the present laws, and to point out
to Congress where they may do it, when it will
be necessary to require the assistance of new legis-
lation. Until then, I am ready to pass this bill,
, and I hope we shall vote down the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. GW1N. I wish to state, in reference to
what the Senator from Massachusetts said in re-
gard to the collection districts in California, that,
when the State was first admitted into the Union,
the country had been so recently settled that it
was not known to what points foreign commerce
would go; and there were several districts estab-
lished with the expectation that they would be
important commercial points; but subsequently it
has turned out that they have not collected the
revenue that was anticipated; and it was proposed
by a former Secretary of the Treasury to abolish
these districts. That bill failed during the last
Congress. I do not think it would be objected to
by anybody if we could get a revenue system to
abolish somd of those districts which were origin-
ally established under the expectation that large
foreign commerce would go to those points. So
far as I am concerned, whenever the system is
brought up, as I have no doubt it will be at the
next session of Congress, I hope those districts
referred to will be abolished, and turned into sur-
veyors' districts. In addition, that is a very ex-
pensive coast. At some of those points it is ne-
cessary to keep up an efficient system to prevent
smuggling; and while there is not much revenue
collected, there is a large amount saved by pre-
venting smuggling, which would otherwise have
taken place.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Virginia
tells us that it is best to vote this amendment
down, and that we shall sustain the Secretary of
the Treasury in his future plans for the reduction
of the expenses of collecting the revenue. The
average expenses for that purpose, during Gene-
ral Pierce's administration were about $3,300,000,
and you want now to carry the expenditures up
to $4,000,000. Instead of retrenchment, we have
got a positive increase of more than ten per cent,
proposed by the Secretary, and sustained, I am
sorry to see, by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance.
Now, a word or two in answer to the Senator
from California, about the expenses of the Pacific
coast 
Mr. HUNTER. "Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him, for I do not mean to reply ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. I would say to him, if it were
an annual appropriation, I should deem it but
justice not to appropriate more for the next year
than we expended in the last. It must be remem-
bered, however, that this is one of the permanent
and indefinite appropriations that lasts through a
term of years, and therefore we have to allow a
margin, in order to meet any future increased ex-
penditure.
Mr. WILSON. This proposition foreach and
every fiscal year has permanency in it. It lepeals
the old law of limitation of 1850.
Mr. HUNTER. That was a permanent ap-
propriation too; but it was not enough. That
was only $2,500,000.
Mr. WILSON. I know it. It was $2,500,000;
but it cost but $2,000,000 a year for the four years.
It has been carried up, I believe, unnecessarily.
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of defending the officers. I believe their
compensation is too high, but I would remind the
Senator from Massachusetts that it is idle for him
to insist upon his amendment, because the other
House of Congress has sent us a bill raising the
fees of officers in California fifty per cent. It is
now upon the table of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Whr.t bill is that'
Mr. BRODERICK. A bill which came from
the House the day before'ycsterday to raise the
feesof districtattorneys, marshals,witnesses,and
jurors, fifty per cent. Now, I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts what chance is there to get
his amendment through the House, if it should
pass the Senate ? I suppose a committee of con-
ference would refuse to reduce these salaries. We
are put to the trouble, therefore, of occupying the
best portion of this night with this subject, while
we could devote it to better business. If the Sen-
ator will consent to let the amendment lie over
until the next session, I will go with him for a
reduction of the salaries of those officers. I will
not go for so great a reduction as he has recom-
mended, though I think they ought to be reduced.
But I rose only for the purpose of reminding the
Senate that there is a bill now upon its table, pro-
posing to raise the pay of officers in California
fifty per cent., and here we are discussing the pro-
priety of reducing them fifty per cent.
Mr. GREEN. I have but a word to say. The
bill to which the Senator from California alludes,
is one relating entirely to the courts, for it has
been found impossible to compel the attendance
of witnesses at the present ordinary compensation
allowed under the general paylaw. It but restores
the law in regard to California, to what it was be-
fore the 28th of February, 1857. It was the law
up to that period of time, when it expired by its
own limitation, and by neglect was not renewed.
But, enough of that; it will be time enough to
discuss it when 'it comes up. I agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts, that the expense of
collecting the revenue is most exoibitant, and it
ought to be reduced. As an initiative step to that
reduction, 1 proposed a resolution, which is now
upon the Secretary's desk, believing that we ough t
to proceed systematically, asking the Secretary
of the Treasury to report certain facts at the be-
ginning of the next session of this Congress, when
the subject can be taken up and the reduction be
made not only as low, but perhaps lower, than
has been intimated by the Senator from Massa- |,
chusetts. There are many collection districts, as j
I know the facts will prove, where the annual j
expense is $7,500, where the cost of erecting
buildings has been $3,500, and where the annual
amount received ill duties is §130. Ill other col- I
lection districts, where the annual expense is j
$12,500, and the cost of erecting buildings $75,000, j
the annual amount received is $2,300, and so on.
Much of this can be reformed. I desire to pro-
ceed with that system of reform by which we
shall be enabled to correct evils, and not to strike
down the effectiveness of the service, for of ne-
cessity there must be some collection districts as
a prevention of fraud. There may be a necessity j
for custom-houses, and all the paraphernalia ne^|
cessary to keep them up, and yet the only public
good they subserve is to prevent dishonesty; to
prevent dishonesty a revenue cuttcr must be con-
stantly plying about that port; but to strike out
the appropriation in gross, leaving the present
collection districts all in existence, leaving the
present laws just as they are, will just leave the
necessity for a higher appropriation in a deficiency
bill at a subsequent session.
Therefore, I shall vote for the bill as it comes
from the committee; but I shall insist upon taking
up that resolution, and I shall cooperate with the
Senator to collect all the facts ill regard to these
collection districts and supernumerary officers, to
cut off all unnecessary expenditures, to bring
them in a proper compass, to subserve the public
good, and yet protect the public interest. Why,
sir, in California, there may be a necessity for j
a large expenditure, but it looks laige when we
speak in gross terms, only about a million and a ]
half received and $410,000 expended, and then
comes special ports where a preventive force is ;
required. That is expensnr. In the little port :
of St. Louis, where we collect from eight hundred
thousand to one million dollars, it only costs you j
I $16,500 a year. There is economy; and a similar
system of economy can be superinduced, I trust, ]
ail over this Union. !
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 have not said much J
on these bills, and I shall not say much now. I j
confess I am not startled at the facts to which we 1
are referred by the Senator who offers this amend- i
ment. The extravagance is so manifest and so j
glaring that it is impossible to hear it without sur- 1
frise. It is difficult .ihvaj c to uform We kno a
that. There is a reluctance. It touches individ-
uals; it seems to them to be exceedingly inimical,
and there is a natural dislike to doing it. Our
judgments approve of reform, but we naturally
desire to postpone it. We desire to do it at a
more convenient time, when we shall have more
opportunity oflookingintoit; and we are referred
to the next session. The next is a short session,
and there will be much business to do. I doubt
whether we shall be more prepared to act on the
subject then than we are now. It is a subject on
which we cannot act in detail well. The details
belong to the executive power of the Govern-
ment; but we can say to them, judging of the sura
from experience, " this sum shall be allowed for
the collection of the revenue, and no more; you
must, therefore, bring the expense of collection
within the sum we prescribe." That is the only
general limit in our power to prescribe; and I am
for prescribing a limit which seems to me to be
liberal enough, and which shall compel some de-
gree of reform in the mean time.
I approve, therefore, this amendment, believing
that it is an abundant sum to pay for all the labor
and services in the collection of the revenue. Sir,
all the labor of the country has gone down. Is
official labor the only labor which we will appre-
ciate, and to which we will give high wages, and
increased wages ?—for these $4,000,000 will be an
increase, as I understand it, upon the gross annual
expenditure that has ever been made for the col-
lection of the revenue. My friend from Virginia
acknowledges that $4,000,000 is too much, and
he proposes that at some future time we shall in-
vestigate itand reform it. The best time to reform
it is now, when it is discovered, made known,
and palpably seen. There can be no excuse for
postponing it. We can as well pass this measure
limiting the expense, as we can pass an original
bill. It takes no more time. I can see, then, no
reason why we ought not to do it now.
The inequality of salaries in one part of'our
couniry and another part of our country, where
there is now, whatever there may have been in
former times, no difference in the cost of living,
iy enoimous. We must blush to answer the in-
quiries that our constituents would make of us,
why this thing is so? Wc ought to increase the
wages given to our officers of collection at New
York, or we ought to diminish them in Califor-
nia. Who says we ought to increase them? No-
body. All agree, una voce, that reduction is the
word, and that we now spend too much money.
The executive Government can collect, I believe,
without a doubt, the revenue for §3,000,000 in-
stead of $4,000,000; and, if it turns out that we
aie mistaken in this calculation, let me tell gen-
tlemen what we can do at the next-session of Con-
gress, that is but h*lf a year off: wc can then in-
crease it if we find an absolute necessity for it.
If, as gentlemen suppose, we shall have time to
investigate the matter, and if, upon that investi-
gation, we shall discover that we have made too
narrow a limit, we can extend it. In the mean
time, no gentleman will say but that $4,000,000
is an extravagant sum to allow for this service. I
hope, therefore, that this amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. GREEN. I think the Senator from Ken-
tucky misconceived the spirit of my remarks. I
concurwith him and the Senator from Massachu-
setts that a reduction ought to be made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. So I understood.
Mr. GREEN. The layer part of his remarks
tends very much to reconcile me to the limitation
of $3,000,000, because 1 know, on a scrutiny and
examination, $3,000,000 will not only be ample,
but more than enough. There is no question
about that.
But the Senator was mistaken in one remnrk,
that, by indicating to them a certain limit, and
saying, " thus far shalt thou go, and no further,"
they will be restrained and it will prevent the ex-
penditure of any more; that here they muetstop.
Until 1848, there never was an appropriation to pay
the expense of the collection of the revenue upon
customs. Every officer got his fees, and paid in
the net revenue; but in 1848, Mr. McKay, of North
Carolina, brought in a bill requiring the gross
revenue, including even cartage, to be paid into
the Treasury, and then to make an appropriation
to pay the expenses of collecting the revenue.
The first appropriation made was $1,750,000, and
that vas frr tho fiscal tear commencing the 1st
