1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
180
Mr. PUGH. I understand that when pensions
are granted for five years the first time, there is a
provision by winch children, in a certain event,
may get the benefit; but I am not aware of any
case in which, where we .have continued the pen-
sion beyond thefirstfive years, we have made the
same provision. Wherever we have continued a
pension beyond that time by an act of Congress,
we have continued it simply to the widow during
her life or widowhood. I think this a new pre-
cedent, and should like to have the bill lie over.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senatorfrora Ohio
is mistaken. The bill only provides for the con-
tinuance of the pension for five years, if 1 under-
stand it, and not during her life, or for all time to
come.
Mr. PUGH. But it is a continuance of a for-
mer pension. The general law gives a five years'
pension, and a right to have that pension renewed
at the Pension Office.
Mr. IVERSON. But this does not come under
the general law. This lady is not entitled to a
pension under the general law now existing. This
is an exceptional case altogether. Her pension
expired on the lstof July last, and this is to con-
tinue it for five years longer, on account of the
peculiar circumstances of her case. It is not a
case in which she can get a pension by going to
the Pension Office. It appeals to the equitable
consideration of Congress, to the bounty and gen-
erosity of Congress, to continue her pension.
Mr. KING. There are several cases like this
befoie the Committee on Pensions; and a member
of that commit tee, to whom those applications have
been referred, isin communication with the Com-
missioner of Pensions, with a view to some gen-
eral proposition on the subject, if a reasonable one
can be had; and therefore I move that this bill lie
over. It is desirable that a uniform rule should
be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I think this is a very hard
case, and that the bill is a just one. Why not
pass it? If any general law is necessary, as I
suppose it may he, we can pass it without delay-
ing this bill. If it goes over, it is possible no
action may be taken at all. The lady has been
left a widow with helpless children, one of whom
is paralyzed. Her husband rendered important
service to the country, and lost his life in conse-
quence of it. I think it a very hard case, and we
ought to pass the bill. It only extends the pen-
sion for five years, as I understand. I do not
know the widow or her children. Some fifteen
or twenty years ago I knew Mr. Barnard. At
that time he was a resident of Philadelphia. I
hope that the case will not be put over, but that
the bill will be passed.
Mr. KING. I know nothing, of course, of
this case in particular; but there are a great
many of these cases that address themselves very
strongly to the sympathy of the Senate, and it
was deemed desirable by the Committee on Pen-
sions to obtftin some general rule if they could.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not acquainted with
the merits of this case particularlj', but I hope
the bill will not be passed over lightly. It may
be to us an unimportant matter, but to the indi-
viduals it is very important. Not only their com-
fort, but their lives may depend upon it; and I
sincerely hope the Senate will pass the bill. For
my own part, I shall vote for.it cheerfully.
Mr. IVERSON. I am very sure that if the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the Senator from New York
understood the merits of this case, they would
not ask for the postponement. I see no reason
for the postponement. Senators can as well un-
derstand the merits of the case to-day, as if they
were to investigate it for a thousand years. Ma-
jor Barnard was an officer during the Mexican
war, of exceeding merit. The bill states some of
his merits. He was wounded in planting the col-
ors on the parapet of Chapultepec. He was one
of the storming party at Chapultepec, and was
the first to place the American colors on the para-
pet of that fortress, and in doing so he received a
very severe wound. Perhaps there was no more
gallant man in the whole service of the United
States than Major Barnard. He has died,leaving
a widow and three or four helpless children per-
fectly dependent. They are not worth a dollar in
the world; they have nothing to support them ex-
cept the mere bounty of the Government and the
charity of friends. One of the children, a boy
now of soma fourteen or fifteen years of age, is
paralyzed, and is as helpless as an infant, and
depends entirely on the nursing of his mother for
his support and protection. She is a penniless
widow; and, under the circumstances, I think the
case appeals very strongly to the generosity of
Congress. She was originally allowed a pension
by a special act of Congress. She was not en-
titled to it under the rules and regulations which
pertain to pensions generally at the Pension
Office, because her husband was not killed in
battle, though he died in the service. He died
from the effects of wounds, but not in battle. She
appealed to Congress forapension; it was granted
by a special enactment which expired last year;
and now we only ask that it shall be continued to
her for five years more. I trust the objection Will
be withdrawn.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to the pas-
sage of this bill; but on the contrary I am decid-
edly in favor of it, as I am in favor of nearly all
the bills for the widows and orphans of those who
have died in fighting the battles of the country.
Almost every day appeals are made to me by
widows to report bills and make special cases for
them. I am certain the Committee on Pensions
have at least a dozen or more such cases before
them. They have been referred to a member of
the committee, the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Foster.] He is investigating the
matter thoroughly; and the committee desire, if
possible, to frame a general bill which will embrace
the widow and children of officers and soldiers
who have died in consequence of wounds received
in the service. I would prefer to have this bill
postponed, or referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, in order that it may share the same fate
as the other cases, and that we may deal with all
alike.
?vi r. PUGH. This bill was read a second time
to-day, I understand, and cannot pass to a third
reading if there is an objection made. I can see
nothing in this bill to distinguish it from others,
and I think it may as well lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the postponement.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill is now ready for
its passage through the Senate, and I do not see
any necessity for postponing it to suit the conve-
nience of a general bill, when in reality we may
pass this bill in a short time; so that, if the general
bill does not pass, this widow may yet receive the
pension. The honorable Senator from Iowa pro-
poses to embrace the widow in the general bill.
To that I see no objection, but 1 am for embracing
the children also in the provisions of the bill. I
hope this bill will pass.
Mr. KING. Asa more brief disposition of this
matter, I will waive the motion to postpone. The
Senator from Ohio objects to its third reading, and
it goes over as a matter of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That point is
not yet reached. The bill is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment. If no amendment be proposed, the bill will
be reported to the Senate, and then the question
will be on ordering it to be engrossed. If that be
carried, the third reading can be objected to, and
that will postpone it.
Mr. PuGH. It will not be in order, I under-
stand, to commit this bill after it has been ordered
to its third reading. ["Oil,yes.''] Idonotdoubt
that this is a very proper case for a pension; but
there are twenty other cases equally proper,
equally meritorious, which have been referred
regularly to the Committee on Pensions. We
have not had any report on them. The commit-
tee say they are maturing a general proposition,
and that they decline acting in individual cases.
The only difference is, that this bill has traveled
through the Committee on Military Affairs, in-
stead of the Committee on Pensions. If we have
a Committee on Pensions, this subject belongs to
them; and I say, without meaning to detract from
this case, that on reading the bill, I do not find
that this gentleman died from his wounds; 1 do
not find that he died during the Mexican war. Tt
is said that he died from disease contracted during
the war,buthisdeath was afterwards. Itdoesnot
say that ho died in consequence of those wounds.
I do not doubt that it is a proper enough case for
a pension; but 1 see no reason why it should be
preferred to other cases equally meritorious. I
want the Committee on Pensions either to report
back all these bills, and let us go on with them,
or else to bring up a general bill, and let us pasg
it. I see no reason why one petitioner should be
placed in advance of the others, simply by refer-
ring her petition to the Committee on Military
Affairs. That is my reason for objecting to the
progress of the bill.
Air. IVERSON. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio, that this bill was introduced at.the last Con-
gress, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and reported back by that committee, and
it then passed this body, but failed in the other
House for want of time to consider it. It is no
fault of the petitioner that the bill has cofnefrom
the Committee on Military Affairs. The fact that
an improper direction has been given to it ought
not to prejudice her case.
The whole argument of the Senator is, that be-
cause his eases do not come up, this one s'hafl ftot
come up. Is that generous ? This ease, by order
of the Senate, not by the committee or at the in-
stance of the petitioner, has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; and the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs has acted promptly—per-
haps more promptly than the Committee on Pen-
sions—and reported the bill back. Is that any
fault of the Military Committee? Is it any fault of
the petitioner? When her case is brought up, Is
it to be postponed because the Committee on Pen-
sions do not act promptly and reportother cases?
I do not think that is a very fair mode of proceed-
ing. If there are merits in the case; if this party
has this question up in its order when she has it be-
fore theSenate by legitimate means—and certainly
it is not illegitimate to send it to the Committee
on Military Affairs—I ask if it would not be hard
now to postpone it? Why should you postpone
it? Merely because there are other cases thit
have not been presented to the Senate! Let each
be decided on its own merits as it comes Up before
the Senate, according to the rules of the body. I
can see no reason why this bill should bo post-
poned until other cases shall also have a chance
to be heard. The other cases are before the ap-
propriate committee, and that committee are act-
ing on them. They will act on them m due time;
but because they do not act as promptly as Sen-
ators desire, that is no reason why the business
of another committee which does act promptly
shall be postponed and put down in its progress
through this body.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me the Senator had
failed to comprehend the point of my .objection.
We all understand how matters are referred to a
committee. A petition is presented, or a bill
brought in on notice or without notice, mid it is
always referred to the committee to which the
Senator presenting it proposes to refer it. The
question is what jurisdiction the Committee on
Military Affairs has over pensions ? None at all.
Two thirds of our pensions are granted to the
widows of officers, either of the Army or of the
Navy. If the Committee on Military Affairs,
merely because the gentleman who is deceased
was an officer of the Army, is to take jurisdiction
of military pensions, and the Committee on Na-
val Affairs on the same ground to take jurisdic-
tion of navy pensions, what is the use of the Com-
mittee on Pensions? We had better abolish it;
and therefore, without meaning it in any disre-
spectful sense, 1 say the bill is not legitimately
before the Senate. It has not come through the
proper committee. I do not ask that this lady's
case shall be kept back because other cases have
not been heard; but I say the Committee on Pen-
sions have notified us, through two ot their mem-
bers, that they design to report a general actforall
these cases; and why, then, should not this lady's
case come under the general act ?
I do not dispute that it is a meritorious case so
far as I can see from the bill; but I do not see any
special merit there stated above twenty other cases.
I have interposed, I am sure, not from any lack
of generosity, but from a disposition to have jus-
tice done to all parties. I am satisfied that if we
let one and another of these special cases go
through, we shall never have a general taw passed;
but if you keep them back you will have a general
law matured on sound principles, and you will get
meritorious cases passed. If you let one and an-
other go through specially, it will be cited as a.
precedent the next day, and you will never sea
your general bill.
Mr. CLAY. I concur fully in what has been
said fey thu Senator from Ohio; but h« did not
