18-76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2%
must obey him, and he will obey the imperious
men who rule him for their own purposes.
Do you believe, Mr. President, that the men
■w^ho sustained, in Congress and out of Congress,
the invasion of March, 1855; who sustained the
invasion of December, 1855; who sustained the
sacking of Lawrence in May, 1856; who justified
the bloody scenes of the summer and autumn of
1856; who have denounced Walker and Stanton
and Dennis for exposing the frauds of October,
of December, and of January last—do you be-
lieve the men who have incurred all the odium of
sustaining these acts, which have brought dis-
grace and dishonor upon our common country,
for the purpose of making Kansas a slave State—
do you believe they will yield k up now, when
they have their final gripe upon the people, when
they hove three commissioners who can count
Kansas in under the Lecompton constitution ?
Sir, the public judgment of thecountry, awakened
to this proposition and to this condition of affairs,
may moke even these men act with common hon-
esty. Nothing else will baffle them. I say to
the people of Kansas, of the United States, if this
measure passes, as I suppose it is to pass, for we
see the potent influences of executive power all
around us and about us, nothing can save Kansas
from being counted into the Union by fraudulent
votes, but the vigilance of the people of Kansas
and the public judgment of the people of the Uni-
ted States. I have no faith m this Administra-
tion ; none in the President; for I know they want
Kansas to come into the Union as a slave State.
Failing in all efforts to force her in the Union,
you now propose to bribe her in by rewards, by
penalties; and if these will not do, you have got
the power in this scheme to bring her in by fraud.
i tell you frankly, this bill will not make peace
unless you mean to use fraud. That will close it.
Use fraud, gentlemen, and you have the power
to close it; and that alone will close this contro-
versy; for the people will spurn your bribe, they
will vote down your constitution, and they will
not come in under it, unless you count them in
by counting fraudulent votes. Suppose you are
not able to do that, and Kansas rejects your Le-
eompton constitution: do you think the people of
Kansas or the people of this country will regard
ne of any force your declaration that she shall
not make a constitution, and come into the Union,
until she has ninety-four thousand inhabitants?
No, sir; I think the intelligent people of Kansas
will vote down your constitution; they will not
accept it, unless you count them in by counting
fraudulent votes; and if they do reject it, they
will make another constitution, and a free con-
stitution. You have settled it that Kansas has
inhabitants enough to come in as a slave State.
Yes, northern men, representing Rhode Island,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Ohio, Iowa
—these men, m this House and in the other, are
voting here that Kansas may come in under the
Lecompton constitution, which forbids any fu-
ture Legislature everto abolish slavery; that she
may come in under that slave constitution with
her present population, be they few or many; but
she cannot come in until she has ninety-four thou-
sand if she will not come in under this constitu-
tion. Sir, we will charge this upon these men in
every school district of the free States; we will
hold them up to the indignant judgment of a be-
trayed people—yes, sir, a betrayed people; we
will hunt them down, and dance on their political
graves. Let the people of Kansas make a con-
stitution; submit it to the popular.will; bring it
here as a free State. You have voted that she has
inhabitants enough to come in as a slave State;
and let us see these men keep her out as a free
State, if they dare. Yes, sir, we give you notice
now that you cannotclose this question under your
new neheme, except by stupendous and gigantic
frau Jx. You can do it that way; but you cannot
do it honestly. The people of Kansas will spurn
your bribe. Tlicy will make a constitution; they
will come here asking admission. You can keep
them out if you choose to do so; but you keep
them out at your peril.
If iiie proposition made by the Senator from
Kent:;' !;y had been adopted, this whole question
would have been sMilcd to-day. The people would
have taken a fair \ote under men appointed by
the <"oncunvncfj of both patties. "VVe should have
hnd a fair vo  j <">n the Lecompton constitution.
It would have bc.n voted down unquestionably
by an overwhelming majority. Then the people
would have made a new constitution and adopted
it, and the President would have made his proc-
lamation, and Kansas would have been a sister
of the Confederacy. That proposition, made by
the Senator from Kentucky, and accepted by
us in both Houses promptly, would have closed
this whole Kansas controversy and have closed
it forever. I tell the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] who talks of a truce, that this is no truce.
He could not draw a bill, with all his ingenuity,
that would have less of peace in it. Every man
who knows the condition of affairs in Kansas,
knows that the people now want to come into the
Union, that they will never accept your Lecomp-
ton constitution unless you count them in fraud-
ulently; that they will make a constitution and
come here and ask admission. If you admit them
you may then closc it, but you do not close it by
this scheme, for you say they shall not be admit-
ted until they have a certain number of inhabit-
ants. You may admit-them in spite of this re-
striction and close the controversy; but if you
mean to adhere to the provisions of this act,
you have on hand an open controversy, running
through months—perhaps years.
Now you will adopt this measure, I think; but
you will have to pay the penalties for it, depend
upon that. It is a proposition you cannot defend
here—you cannotdefend itanywhere. I listened
to the Senator from Virginia the other day; and
if any man can defend this measure he can do it;
I listened to the Senator from Missouri; I listened
yesterday to the speech of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugii;]I have listened to-day to the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] and the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] 1 have not yet
heard within these walls, or before the people,
men of talent, of capacity, labor as they have la-
bored, and come to such impotent and illogical
conclusions. Sir, there is no peace m this scheme.
You talk about peace in regard to Kansas. Deal
fairly and honestly, and you can have it. There
will be no peace on this question, or any other
question growing out of slavery, in America, until
the whole controversy is settled upon a softd basis
of eternal right—never, never !
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] is absent;
and I regret it. lie undertook yesterday to cast
odium on our friends in Kansas, by charging that
they intended " to stuff the ballot-boxes with ne-
gro votes." A negro could have voted to elect
delegates to the Lecompton convention; a negro
could have voted on the proposition that was sub-
mitted; a negro can vote by that constitution, if
he is a citizen of the United States. The law for
the election of delegates to the Leavenworth con-
vention was like the law for the election of dele-
gates to the Lecompton convention. The pro-
visions of both declared that the bona fide citizens
of the United States should be allowed to vote.
The word " white" was not in either act. The
provisions of the Leavenworth constitution aie
exactly like the provisions of the Lecompton con-
stitution, in regaid to suffrage, in that respect.
The Leavenworth constitution allows foreigners
who have given notice of an intention to become
citizens the right to vote; Lecompton does not.
There is a provision in the Lecompton consti-
tution that is a disgiace to the American name:
and that is that a free negro shall not live in Kan-
sas. Sir, the descendants of the man who, on
Bunker Hill shot down Major Pitcairn, who fired
upon our countrymen at Lexington, if he has any,
cannot live in Kansas under this Lecompton con-
stitution. The descendants of two of the three
men, if they have left any, who were captured
on board the Chesapeake before the war of 1832,
whom Jefferson and Madison called citizens, can-
not live there. The descendants of the men who
fought with Andrew Jackson before the blazing
lines of New Orleans, and whom Jackson called
his fellow-citizens, cannot live there. I say that
proposition is a disgrace to the American name.
The Senator says they arc excluded from voting
by the Lecompton constitution, because they can-
not live in the State under it. .Could they not
have voted on the election of delegates ? Could
they not have voted on the adoption of the portion
of the constitution that was submitted before th^y
were excluded by the adoption ofthe constitution
itself? If they ore citizens of the United States
they would do so. There is a provision in the
Leavenworth constitution that the first Legisla-
ture shall submit the question of universal suf-
frage to the people—that is all there is in it; and
a Senator calling himself a Democrat comes into
the Senate of the United States, and undertakes
to prejudice a great cause by charging itsTriends
.with attempting to stuff the ballot-boxes with
negro votes. That Senator well knows that there
are not one hundred free negroes in the Territory;
and this assault upon the framers of the Leaven-
worth constitution is unjust—grossly unjust.
But, Mr. President, we shall vote against this
proposition; and I assure the Senator from Geor-
gia, who hints that we were in doubt whether to
accept it or not, that the " cabal," as he is pleased
to call us, never had any doubts as to what we
would do in regard to this scheme. Sir, we could
not accept the bill for your Lecompton constitu-
tion. We thought that the embodiment of a gi-
gantic fraud; and as we believe this scheme com-
bines bribe, menace, and fraud, we spurn it, and
v/e denounce the men who originated it, and who
give it their support, in and out of Congress.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I am determined
not to be drawn into a general discussion of this
subject any more. I havo presented my views
upon it fully. 1 will not weary the Senate with
anything further on the subject. But when per-
sonal allusion' is made to me in terms which I con-
sider very offensive, I may be permitted to make
a very brief personal rejoinder.
The Senator from Massachusetts opened with
a very high eulogy on the distinguished and ven-
erable Senator from Kentucky, to which I can
heartily subscribe. I have no word to say in de-
traction of the high compliment he paid to that
distinguished Senator; but I may be permitted to
remark that it does not add to the reputation of
that Senator when the whole spccch is read. If
the whole speech be read I think it will detract
from it. The Senator from Massachusetts charges
us with intending to commit a fraud. Now, sir,
if he will disregard the proprieties of the Senate,
if he will disregard the rules of debate, if hq wilt
set at naught the proprieties of a gentleman,!
shall permit it to pass, because I know the coun-
try will estimate it in its proper light, and it will
not detract from me in the least. I will add that
it seems to me the most appropriate reply I can
make to him in regard to that accusation when he
charges fraud, and. an intention to commit fraud,
is, that " out of the abundance of the heart the
mouth speaketh."
He says he was with Walker, traveled up the
river, and conversed with him, and he volunteers
his testimony. I should like him to testify under
oath when he undertakes to influence the action
of the country, or influence public judgment by
anything he can testify, and I should like him to
undergo the scrutiny of a cross-examination that
I could put to him. I think I could ferret out a
little more than he has volunteered here to the
Senate uncalled for. He says that after he went
to Kansas, lie knew this, that, and the other.
Well, sir, the country knows that the " Oxford
frauds"were never committed until he went there;
that the " Delaware Crossing frauds" were nevcF
committed until after he went there. Whether
they resulted from his instigation, whether he,
by his intrigues, and schemes, and plots, and
maneuvers, laid the foundation for them or not,
I cannot say; but I can say that history will bear
me out in the fact that until he did go there, none
of these frauds were committed.
He intimated that I neglected to answer a cer-
tain question propounded by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] I thought it was
answered sufficiently. If not, I do not intend to
re-present arguments I before presented. I could
ask him questions—whether, when he went to
ji Kansas, he did not find peace; whether* when ho
•> went to Kansas, he did not find a public sentiment
;j gradually quieting down, disposed to harmonize
;! itself, to accept the constitution, to put it into suc-
j: cessful operation, and only to change it as the
11 future exigencies of thatcommunity might require;
]j whether he did not send for Lane, and have him
ji brought twelve miles to his room, and concoct a
;! schcme that has stirred up the whole strife which
[I has spread over the country, and caused the ex-
j1 citement that now prevails' 1 could ask him
!; these questions if he were under eroas-examin-
, ation, but I shall not do it. There are various
;j other questions I could ask. Volunteer witnesses,
ii not under oath, who perhaps might be challenged
