1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
if sworn, I suppose will not have very much effect
upon the country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I should not
object to be put under oath,and to have the Sen-
ator from Missouri question me in regard to all
that I know of the affairs of Kansas; he would be
better posted in the affairs of that Territory than
he now appears to be. He asks me if I did not
find peace in Kansas when I went there? Gov-
ernor Walker and Mr. Stanton, in the public doc-
uments that you have published, and the public
authorities, all tell you that there was not peace.
I thought there was peace, though there was a
deep and intense anxiety in the public mind in
regard to the election of delegates to the conven-
tion. Let the Senator remember I was there the
last of the month of May, and the election was to
come off in June.
The Senator wishes to know if I did not send for
General Lane. I did not see General Lane while
I was in the Territory, and did not speak to him,
or send for him. Is the Senator answered ?
TheSenatorwantsto knowif any of these frauds
everoccurred in Kansas before I wentthere. Why,
Mr. President, did not the Senator's associates
and friends, his own constituents on the Missouri
river, to the number of forty-nine hundred, march
over into Kansas on the 30th of March, 1855, and
commit the most stupendous fraud ever commit-
ted in this country? Did they not go even in the
autumn of 1854, and give seventeen hundred votes
for General W hitficid ? Has not that been proved ?
Did they not go over there, many of them, in the
autumn of 185G, to vote ? Why does the Senator
speak to me, or to my friends in that Territory or
out of it, of frauds in Kansas? What frauds have
they ever committed there? At what time, and
on what occasion, have you ever proved that a
fraudulent vote was given by a free-State man in
that Territory? Has there been an election in
which frauds have not been committed, openly
committed, proved beyond all question, by the
slave-State men—beginning in J854, carried out
in 1855, renewed in 1S5C, running through the
elections of October and December, 1857, and of
January,1858 ?
Let me say to the Senator now—and in saying
it I reply to a hint thrown out by the Senator from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Bigler] in my absence during
the long night session—that I gave no advice to
the people of Kansas not to vole at any of their
elections. Here, to-day, let me say that I have
advised the people of Kansas, so far as my voice
could go, fiom these Hails and before the people
in and out of the Territory, on all fit occasions,
to go to the ballot-box, offer their votes, give their
votes if they could—if they were cheated, the :
responsibility would not be theirs—make a rec-
ord, show the frauds to the country. That lias
always been my opinion and my advice.
The Senator has insinuated against me what
he knows there is not a shadow of evidence for—
that, m the Territory or out of the Territory, I
ever consulted with or laid any plans with any-
body or any class of men, affecting the public
peace or affecting elections, that were not legiti-
mate, legal, and proper. Sir, I live in a section
of the country where we do not have election
frauds, where the votes of the people are taken
as regularly at all elections as they are taken in
the Senate of the United States. I never saw an
illegal vote cast in my life; and I have never, in
the course of twenty-five years, attended an elec-
tion where I had reason to think there were fraud-
ulent votes given, or fraudulent returns made. I
hope the Senator from Missouri can say as much.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to say one word.
The Senator from Massachusetts intimates that
he would like to be sworn on this subject. AH
1 have to say is, that I shall not call him. In a
long practice at the bar, and in conformity with
long experience, and on principles laid down by
the best legal writers on the law of evidence, it is
unsafe to trust a too willing witness.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, this distracting
question is presented to us again, though in a
somewhat altered aspect from that in which it has
been heretofore considered by the Senate; and I
feel thai it is due to myself that I should state the
grounds on which I propose to regulate my course
upon the question as now presented. In doing
so, I shall endeavor to be very brief; I do not
propose to enter elaborately into the discussion
of the subject.
My object from the first, as I announced, was
to support such a measure as, in my opinion,
would not only give a truce to agitation on all
matters connected with Kansas, but would give
permanent peace and repose to the country, with-
out the violation of any sound principle, or with-
out derogating from the rights and interests of
either section of the country. Regulating my in-
vestigations and my conclusions by that single
object, which I hope is a patriotic one, I gave a
very careful examination and inquiry, not only
to the particular question which was presented
by the original Senate bill, but to the whole his-
tory of the difficulties in Kansas from 1855 up to
this time; and I came to the conclusion that the
Senate bill was not fit and proper to be support-
ed with reference to the great controlling object
which I had in view; and I desire briefly to reca-
pitulate the heads or grounds on which I based
that opinion. Without going back to the period
of the first alleged violation of the principles of
the organic law, I will commence with the getting
up of the Lecompton convention.
I considered that there was a great irregularity
in the formation of the Lecompton convention;
that the law of the Legislature calling the conven-
tion, supposing it to have due authority, was dis-
regarded and violated. Saying nothing in regard
to any other cause which may have influenced the
majority of the people, who were called the free-
State party or Abolitionists, from voting in the
election of delegates to the convention, on the
ground that all the officers who were to hold the
elections and to make the returns had been ap-
pointed by a Legislature which was altogether
pro-slavery, with the exception of one member, I
go at once to what I call the irregularity, which
was, that the people of from fourteen to nineteen
counties, by a defective execution of the law, were
not allowed to cast a vote, or to send a delegate
to the convention. That was an objection that I
considered would be decided to be fatal by any
court of judicature in which the validity of any
judicial process or other proceeding under a law,
should arise. 1 understood the able Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] who addressed
the Senate on this question at an early period of
the debate, to admit that there might be irregu-
larities which would be fatal to the legality of the
convention. Another objection was, that, after
the constitution was formed, the submission to
the people was a mockery, and that the alleged
ratification could not be considered otherwise than
as fraudulent.
It was alleged on the other side that there jvas
no such irregularity in getting up the convention;
that there were no such frauds as had been charged
against the ratification on the 21st of December,
by those who admitted that these were questions
which might be entitled to weight and influence;
but it is a most remarkable fact with regard even j
to that portion of the advocates of the original
Senate bill.who gave their attention to the sub-
ject of these frauds, and answered these allega-
tions as far as they chose to do, that there is not
one of them m either House of Congress who has
not persistently up to this day voted against every |
proposition to inquire into them by proofs that j
would be satisfactory to the people of the whole
country. Those gentlemen have told us that it
was an assumption on our part to suppose that
there was any irregularity in the getting up of the
convention. I ask the gentlemen who took that
position why they are not willing to have an in-
vestigation and report upon that subject? Why
were you not willing to let us hear the truth by
direct testimony as to the frauds in the election
of the 21st of December, so far as it was material
to be considered ? Why did they not agree to a
proposition to have the evidence brought here?
In regai d to the condition of the nineteen coun-
ties to which I have alluded, in fourteen of them
there were no officers appointed, so that the law
requiring a census and registry could not be exe-
cuted. There were three thousand voters m the
nineteen disfranchised counties, and a large por-
tion of them in fourteen of those counties who
had no chance to vote, no chance to be included
in any census returns, or in any registry, not be-
cause they threatened the officers with death or
violence if they proceeded to execute their duty,
but simply because there were no officers there;
none had been appointed; the Legislature held it
in their exclusive power and control to appoint
; all officers; the people were permitted to elect
| none; and the Legislature neglected to appoint
j any officers in the fourteen counties.
j I will state a further fact, which is a most preg-
j nam and important one. The frauds which are
I alleged,the charges of irregularity which are made,
| could all be proved, so far as they existed on pa-
j per or in writing, by looking into the archives of
| the Territory of Kansas, and could have been re*
; ported here in a verjr short time. The proof of
I all the facts resting in the knowledge or recoi-
I lection of witnesses is said to be abundant. My
j investigations, of course, have been confined to
the best evidence within my reach, and upon
such information as has been presented to me, and
on which I could rely. If any supporter of the
, Senate bill chose to deny any of the alleged ir-
j regularities and frauds connected with the Le-
compton. constitution, why did they not permit
them to be investigated, arid evidence to be taken
I when witnesses were upon the ground, or why
1 did they not allow us to have the documentary
proof before us ?
j These were a part, though not the most mate-
! rial, of the grounds on which I formed my opin-
ion, and I think they ought to be regarded as
entitled to some consideration. The President set
out with the proposition that the people of Kan-
sas had authority under their organic law to form
a State constitution whenever they pleased, and
lie further assumed that the Lecompton constitu-
tion was formed as legally, as regularly, and as
fairly, as any other constitution that has ever
been formed in this country, and that, therefore,
no subsequent Legislature of the Territory could
alter or annul it, and that Congress was bound to
regard it us the act of the people of Kansas, and
reflecting their will.
Now, sir, upon the investigation of that ques-
tion, I found no warrant in the organic law of Con-
gress—theKansas-Nebraskaacl—authorizing the
people of Kansas to form a constitution, and de-
mand admission into the Union whenever they
pleased. 1 do not remember that there was any
gentleman among the advocates of the measure
who contended to the end that there was any such
power under the organic act; or if there be any
such gentleman, I am not aware that he made
any such statement I know the Committee on
Territories reported their opinion to be that the
people had the legal power under the organic act,
and it was inserted in the preamble to the bill
they reported; but it was stneken out afterwards,
I presume, on the representation of other gentle-
men, who were friends of the bill, that it was an
untenable position.
Then how did this leave the question of the
formation of this constitution ? It left it without
any enabling act, and without any authority of
the organic law—open to every exception that
could be taken on the ground of irregularity, of
fraud, of any description of unfairness, or that it
did not reflect the will of the people. Connected
with this view of the subject, and the circum-
stances I have before stated controlled me so far
as they went; but I repeat again, they were the
least substantial of the grounds upon which I
proceeded.
As'there was-no authority given in the organic
act for the formation of a. constitution, I consid-
ered that the people of Kansas might, under the
authority of an act of the Territorial Legislature,
at any time form a State constitution, and apply
to Congress for admission, standing exactly m
the position that the people of Arkansas stood
when the question was asked of the authorities
of the United States whether they would be en-
j tilled to come in under such <i constitution. They,
j the people of Arkansas, were informed, through
i the Secretary of State, in conformity with the
| opinion of the Attorney General of the United
i States, that having formed a constitution under
1 such circumstances gave them no right to admis-
j sion into the Union according to the Constitution
j of the United States, but that Congress could, if
I they thought proper, admit them.
! But, admitting everything that was contended
, by the advocates of the Senate's bill in regard to
; the regularity and fairness of the Lecompton con-
| vention,and of the formation of the constitution;
admitting, in the language of the President, that
| this constitution was as regularly and fairly formed
! as any constitution could be, how did the case
j then stand? Until the Territory was admitted
