1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£901
which ihey intend to lay out about the same
amount.
Ms. SIMMONS. This court-house is fitted
up U<c* a palace. There is no eastern prince, in
my opinion, that ever had such furniture extorted
from his laborers. I never heard of such a thing,
and I do not know what they could do with it.
No doubt we reported in favor of paying the
amount.
Mr. (VERSON. Mvfiiendfrom Rhode Island
is under a mistake. The Committee on Claims
did not report a bill to pay the amount, but they
reported a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to take evidence as to the value of the
property furnished to the Government,and to pay
what in his judgment was a reasonable compen-
sation for it.
Mr. SIMMON'S. We took the most prudent
course we couid, no doubt, and did not intend to
ruin anybody; but I believe the Senator from
Georgia will bear me witness that he never read
such a bill m his life for the expense of fitting up
any rooms for any purpose.
Mr. 1VERSON. I agree with the Senatorthat
it was a very extravagant bill, and the furniture
was of a very extravagant character; but where
gold is so plenty (as the Senator from California
has properly said) as it is in California, they
carry on everything upon the high-pressure sys-
tem, and nothing will do them there but chairs
that cost from seventy-five to one hundred and
fifty dollars apiece to sit in, with cushions, for
their petit jurors. Their common people must
sit upon cushioned seats that cost from fifty to
one hundred dollars apiece. It is the most ex-
travagant fining up of a court-room and jury-
room and cieik's room that i ever have seen or
heard of in the United States; but I presume it is
all correct, and all in accoidance with the con-
dition of things in California ! it is al! upon that
" high*faluun"and high-pressure system, which
has continued in California fiom the settlement
of the country, and I think will continue to the
end of time, as long as California is a member of
this Union
Mr. SIMMONS. I think som^ of us who live
on this side of the mountains, and who have to
get our living in a little different way, should try
to retrench on this side, any way. I am willing
to make an exception of California; and I under-
stand from the remarks made by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin,] that the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue there have gone down from
&400,Ul)0 last year to $280,000 this year. There
is a .saving ot' £ 120,000 in that State alone; and yet
we are asked to appropriate $>400,000 more than
this service cost last year altogether. How do
you make that out? When Seua:ors rise here
and say they are for reducing the expenses of col-
lecting revenue m those places where it has been
so extravagant, and 'in the same breath ask us to
appropriate ten percent, more than we ever did
before, I do not understand their species of calcu-
lation. If they are for reduction, they certainly
ought to reduce those appropriations. When the
Senators from California state the fact that the
expenses of collecting the revenue in California
have been reduced one fourth in the last year, and
are likely to be still further reduced this year,
why should we be asked to appropriate more for
the next fiscal year than was spent last year?
There is every reason in the world to reduce the
appropriation, instead of increasing it.
The Senator from California says the Secretary
of the Treasury is sending out a commission to
examine into these matters. You will multiply
officers, sending them to hunt for places to re-
trench, until it will cost ten times as much to look
up retrenchments as you willsave by them. That
is not the way to reform and retrench. Nobody
wants to go to California to ascertain that it is un-
necessary to buy chairs at a hundred and fifty dol-
lars apiece. We know that before we go there.
So it is with all these expenses. You might just
as well refuse this appropriation at once. 1 have
no purpose of embarrassing anybody; but so long
as Congress talksabout retrenchment and refoim,
and every time a biil comes up appropriates more
than was ever appropriated before, it is perfectly
idle to expect the people of this country to believe
you are in earnest. Whyshould they believe it >
I see no disposition to retrench anything except
it may be that i( you have a building going on,
and you con injure it and destroy the work you
I have done on it by cutting off an appropriation,
• you are ready to do that. We have spent, as I
j said to theSecretary oftheTreasu;y,$500,000,000
I since I was here ten years ago, and all I can see
! for it that is good for anything, is the public
buildings that we have erected, and most of which
rest on granite, that they may stand. As to what
goes to officers, it is almost as bad ns wasted..
It keeps up a scramble for office. Gentlemen here
talk about our public printing and about trying to
promote the public morals liy reform in that re-
spect. I want to know what would do more to
promote public morals than to cut down salaries
so that there will not be forty men after every of-
fice there is in the gift of the Government ? I think
it would be the best thing for the Government it-
self, the best thing for those who are administer-
ing the Government, to reduce salaries and to stop
the incessant cry for office, and let people work
for their living. I am willing to give fair, liberal
salaries to those who do work for us; but can any-
body say that it is worth six or eight thousand
dollars a year to be a naval officer in California?
I am astonished at the chairman of the Finance
Committee proposing to enlarge these appropria-
tions, and especially to make them permanent. I
like the suggestion of the Senator from South
Carolina, and I hope Senators will go for this
amendment of $3,000,000. I do not profess to
understand the details of this bill; but if we ap-
propriate $3,000,000, and there should be a defi-
ciency, I pledge myself, if I am living and am
here, to supplv it at the earliest moment, and
without any reflection upon the Secretary either.
I say, if Congress shows no disposition to curtail
expenses, but to give out for every purpose of
official patronage more and more every time it is
asked, you must never expect your executive offi-
cers to try to curtail. They will talk about cur-
tailing, and that has been the cry ever since I can
remember; they are going to reform abuse.*?; but
when you appropriate money, that is the end of
it. Congress may be found fault with, and there
will be a bantering between Congress and the De-
| purtrne.nts ns to who is to blame for the appro-
: priations. They will say, " we have been hying
to retrench, and Congress does not strengthen our
1 hands." Sir, let us begin heie, in regard to the
; collection of the revenue. The first year, as I
understand the Senator from Missomi, there was
an appropriation of $1,750,000, and theie was a
i deficiency of$750,000, carrying it up to $2,500,000.
' Probably that was a fairstandard. I do not know
. much about it; but here is an appropriation of
' $3,000,1)00, and I think it is quite enough. We
are told that over one hundred thousand dollars
w II be saved in California alone, this year; and
probably a proportionate amount in other places.
We are not collecting near as miKh revenue as
heretofore, and I cannot see why it should cost
more to collect it.
Mr. HUNTER In 1851, $49,000,000 of rev-
enue were collected, and the expenses of collec-
tion were a little upwards of three million dollars,
in no year since 1851 have the expenses been less
than something more than three millions. That
$3,000,000 was on $49,000,000. Now, it will be
found that the per centum of collecting the reve-
nue from that time to 1857, the last year we have
reported, has not vaiied very much, and that the
comparison is not against last year, commencing
with Mr. Fillmore's administration and coming
down through General Pierce's. It will be found
that since 1854 the expenses have never been less
; than $3,500,000. Yet it is now proposed to reduce
| them to §3,000,000: that is, to reduce them to a less
I sum than has been paid since 1851*. and that when
: we know that the inhabited portions of our coast
; are increasing; when we know that there must be
, an increase in the northwestern part of the Pacific
. coast, in Oregon and Washington, as those coun-
| tries are settled, which will probably more than
j make up for any reductions that may be made in
i California; and that, too, in face of the fact (for
; it is to be remembered this a permanent appropri-
! ation) that the expenses of collecting the revenue
i have been constantly increasing with our popula-
! tton arid with our revenue.
I 1 said before, that if the bill appropriated only
! for the next year, it would be perfectly safe to
| confine the amount to the expenditures of 1857,
i and I should not object to that. The only reason j
j I gave for allowing a margin was that we might j
'' not have to repeat tins appropriation every year. '
I do not believe the Secretary of the Treasury will
necessarily expend the $4,000,000 if we appro-
priate it. On the contrary, t believe that he is
earnestly desirous to reduce, and will reduce tf
he can; but I am not disposed to attempt a reduc-
tion now, until 1 have some scheme presented for
reduction, some system of legislation that will
attain and accomplish the end.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the Senator a
question, that I may distinctly understand the bill.
The first section seems to appropriate $1,600,000
semi-annually, for collecting the revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. That is for the last half of the
present fiscal year,from the lstof January to the
1st of July, 1858. After that it appropriates
§4,000,000 a year.
Mr. STUART. The first section makes the
appropriation I suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. The first section appropri-
ates $1,000,000 for the last half of the preseTit
fiscal year, and the second section appropriates,
hereafter, §4.000,000 a year.
Mr. STUART. That is what I wish to know,
because I suggest to the Senator that I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; and unless that prevails I shall move to
strike out the second section of the bill which
appropriates $4,000,000 a year, for an indefinite
period, or until altered by law. -I am willing to
make, for the next year, such an appropriation as
is deemed necessary; but it must be seen that we
have reduced the revenue, according to the stand-
ard of our tariff, to $50,000,000 
Mr. HUN TER. But we have not cut off any
of the collection districts; we have not cut off
any of the machinery which costs money
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that; but I think
the amendment of the Senator's committee, which
he has had adopted on this bill, which cuts off
ports of entry that do not collect $10,000, will
save a much larger amount of money than he sup-
poses, and I think that is pretty large. We have
extended ports of delivery up the Mississippi and
its tributaries, and in one instance, at Dubuque,
we have actually built a custom-house, where
there was neither collector nor collection district,
but simply a port of delivery. The Senator's
amendment he will find will be a most efficient
weapon to cut down this abuse, and it will leduce
the expenses, in my opinion, to what the Senator
from Massachusetts proposes; but, at all events,
f suggest to the honorable chairman that the in-
definite appropriation of $4,000,000 a year, made
in the second section, cannot be necessary at this
time.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment of the
Committee on Finance may have the good effects
the Senator from Michigan anticipates. I have
no doubt it will reduce the expenditure somewhat,
and I have no doubt that other reforms will be
suggested to us by the commencement of the next
session, which will enable us to reduce still fur-
ther. I would not object, as I said before, for the
next fiscal year, if it be proposed only to provide
for the next fiscal year, to reduce the appropri-
ation to the expenditure for the last year of which
we have any account; but I submit that it would
not be safe to reduce it to a sum lower than was
expended in the year ending June, 1857.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator calls my atten-
tion to the percentage spent in 1851. He says
we then collected $49,000,000 of revenue, and the
percentage has not increased since. Well, if the
expense of collecting the revenue depends on the
amount collectcd, L ask the Senator if he supposes
$2,500,000 would be required this year?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 said n did not increase up to
1857, when the revenue went up to §63.000,000.
Of course the percentage will be increased, if we
estimate the levenue at what it is in this year of
deficiency.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask one further
question. 1 understand now there is an appropri-
ation of $1,600,000 for the last half of the present
year. Why should it be any more for the next
six months ?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell. The Secretary
has had some balances on hand. What the amount
of those balances was I do not know.
Mr. SIMMONS. He has asked us, it seems,
for appropriation at the rate of $800,000 a quarter
for collecting the revenue in the current six months,
and 1 cannot see any reason why it should be
more than $800,000 a quarter for the next year.
