2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. ©WIN. I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate in this discussion; but I think the two mem-
bers—and I have no doubt they are very efficient
members of the Committee on Claims—who have
spoken should have looked at the remarkable bill
they spoke of. If they had done so with the de-
termination to do justice to California, they would
have ascertained the fact that the whole of that
extraordinary and extravagant expenditure was
made without the slightest sliadow of authority of
law; that the gorgeous fitting up of those court-
rooms was a speculation of an individual encour-
aged, no doubt, by those who were to participate
in the grandeur that was produced by those mag-
nificent rooms; and hence the claimant is here.
There was no authority of law for it, and it has
never been contended that there was any. There is
no obligation on this Government to pay for those
magnificent chairs unless the gentlemen upon the
Committee on Claims choose to report a bill, and
have it passed through Congress. The magnifi-
cence they speak of in those court-rooms, and
their fitting up, was a matter entirely outside of
any authority, according to law. It is a claim that
has been presented to Congress. Here it is. If
we pay it, it will be all right, I suppose; but I have
never encouraged it in any shape, manner, or
form.
But in regard to the collection of revenue, and
reducing the expenses of collection, many gentle-
men who are familiar with our complicated sys-
tem know that it ought to be approached with great
caution and care; and the principal reason that it
has not been revised, was on account of the ex-
traordinary amount of money that was received
into the Treasury during the last four or five years.
Last winter we revised the tariff, and reduced the
amount of revenue from twelve to fifteen per cent,
on what was formerly collected. Now the time
lias come; and I take it for granted the Secretary
of the Treasury will reduce the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue, but I hope it will be done sys-
tematically. I hope it will not be cut into here and
there; and that my State particularly, because it
happens to produce gold, and salaries there are
high, will not be made a scape-goat of. I am will-
ing for it to come in upon others with a system,
and be brought down. I want no extravagant
salaries there, or anywhere else. But, inasmuch
as the Senator from Massachusetts seems to have
singled out California for his attacks, I hope the
Senate will bear in mind that we have brought the
expenses of collecting the revenue in that State
from §1,300,000, down to $300,000; and we have
probably reduced them one hundred thousand dol-
lars within the last twelve months, and reduced
our officers more than one fourth, dismissed a
large number who were organized for the purpose
of protecting the revenue system and preventing
smuggling. It is known that, in all the Mexican
possessions, they carry on smuggling. The former
system, which it was known was extravagant, has
been reduced; and probably itcan be reduced still
more. 1 hope, however, it will be by a regular
law, and not by an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. WILSON. The bill before us is intended
to repeal the existing law limiting the annual ex-
penditures for the collection of the revenue on the
Atlantic coast to $2,500,000. The proposition
made by the Senator from Virginia to carry up
ihis limit to $4,000,000, he defends here to-night
as a permanent system. He says that, if the ap-
pioprnition was intended only for this year, he
does not know that lie would ask for the four mil-
lions. The Senator proposes to repeal an exist-
ing law, for which he himself fought in Congress
when it was passed; for which the present Secre-
tary of the Interior battled in the House of Rep-
ii si'ntatives day after dav, and arraigned the ad-
ministration of General Taylor for extravagance
v. lien they passed beyond the limit of the first
l<tw limiting the expenditures to §1,750,000.
The Senator from Virginia says, in reply to a
remark made on this side by the Senator from
Kentucky, in regard to the expenditures of last
year and the year before, that the Department
had reserved funds. Where did they get those
reserved funds' 1 will tell you, sir. The adminis-
trations of Taylor and.Fillmore saved $1,623,000,
and Franklin Pierce's administration spent it.
That is the way they got their reserved fund.
The expenditures on the Atlantic coast, in 1851,
were $1,906,000; last year (1857) they Were carried
up to §3,162,000, being an advance of §1,200,000
on the Atlantic coast. They were brought down
on the Pacific coast from nearly six hundred thou-
sand dollars, in 1851, to aboutthree hundred thou-
sand dollars—and why? In 1851 the imports into
California were six or seven million dollars; now
they are but a million and a half. The expenses
there have been dropping off every year for the
'last five or six years, until, with all these great
salaries, they are now down to about three hun-
dred thousand dollars, and you can bring them
, down to $150,000. Reduce the salaries to the
same footing as in the city of New York, and you
can bring down the expenditures on the Pacific
coast certainly to $250,000; add that to §2,450,000,
which is surely ample for the Atlantic coast, and
I you have altogether $9,700,000. I believe that
1 will be enough; but, in order to be liberal, I pro-
pose to allow $3,000,000, which will give about
two million seven hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars for the Atlantic coast.
Now, I ask the Senator from Virginia by what
authority you have added, during the last five
years, six hundred officers on the Atlantic coast?
By what authority have you added forty offi-
cers in the city of Boston, and three hundred and
forty-six in the city of New York' Why have
you increased your force on the Canadian line, so
that, in places where you have got a dozen offi-
cers, you collect no revenue? Where you col-
lected formerly one hundred or two hundred thou-
sand dollars, you now come down to nothing, and
yet you have doubled your force. Go to New
England—I tell you of my own State—I do not
complain of extiavagant salaries, for you do not
pay extravagant salaries there; but you have too
many people. Take the city of Salem for exam-
ple. In 1854 you had six inspectors there at
$G00 a year. Without authority of law you have
added four inspectors, and carried their salaries
up to §1,095, making $11,000 expenses there.
It is so all over New England; it is so in New
York; it is so everywhere on the Atlantic coast.
You have increased your officers unnecessarily,
and if you want to diminish your expenses you
can very easily do it by dismissing seven or eight
hundred of those men. What are they doing now?
A member of the House of Representatives, the
other day, gave a vote that did not suit those
gentlemen, and they went up into one county of
New Yoik, on the Hudson river, and started
I public meetings to censure him. Another gentle-
' man, a member from the city of New York, gave
a vote they did not like, and they got up a coffin
and carried it through the streets of New York.
This was done under the lead of the Government
officials who have taken the politics of this coun-
try into their care. Your expenditures are to be
carried up to four millions a year to pay your
army of office-holders, your American-Swiss
guard. I want the people of this country to un-
derstand it, that you propose to take off the lim-
itation of law restricting these expenditures to
$0,500,000, and carry them up to $4,000,000—an
increase of $1,500,000—to pay your pensioned
Government office-holders, who do more of the
politics of the country than they do in the way of
business in collecting revenue.
Now, sir, a word m regard to any complaints
I have made about these great salaries in Califor-
nia. My votes in this body, I think, can be ap-
pealed to for liberality towards California, and
every other section of this country; but I say
here to-night what you know to be true, sir, and
the country knows to be true, thateverything con-
nected with the expenditures of this Government
in California has been carried on in the most ex-
travagant manner—salaries unheard of in this
country; appropriations unheard of; no system;
nothing but put your hand in the Treasury and
take out what you can. I want to see it checked;
and it shall be checked—it shall be checkcd in this
branch and the other.
Mr. President, I want to say here, and I mean
what I say, that m regard to these extravagant
expenditures, be they in my own State or any
other State, I mean to point them out; I mean to
resist them; I mean to demand their reduction;
and we will have that reduction, too. You can
vote down this amendment if you choose; but
the;'C is no need of this extravagance; the coun-
try knows it; everybody knows it that has ex-
amined the subject,
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very glad that the
Senator from Rhode Island mentioned the ex-
penditure that was incurred by the Government
in fitting tip court-rooms in California. I have
been informed by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims that the amount is $18,000; and I
was somewhat surprised at my colleague when
he said that the parties who had the work done—
at least I so understood him—were not connected
with the parties who performed the work.
Mr. GW1N. Not at all.
Mr. BRODERICK. While I am up, since so
much has been said about the collection of reve-
nue in California, and the cost of collecting it, I
may as well mention, for the information of the
Senate, that the collectors have been very hand-
somely paid in California. When I arrived here
in 1857, I was present at an interview which took
place between the then Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Guthrie, and my colleague, and I heard him
inform my colleague that the collector of customs
at San Francisco, in 1854 and 1855, was a de-
faulter to the amount of $430,000. My colleague
can correct me if I have misstated what took place.
Well, sir, last year the melter and refiner and as-
sayer of the Mint in California, was discovered
to be a defaulter to the amount of about one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars. At least
there has been a suit commenced against him for
that amount; and a great many believe that he
took about a million dollars. I only mention
these items to show that the officers in California
have a way of getting outside fees, besides the
salaries they receive from the Government. I
mention these two cases; there are a great many
other small ones.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I propose simply to state to the
Senate, that I intend, whether this amendment is
adopted or not, as I hope it will be adopted, to
move to change the permanent appropriation, at
whatever amount it may be fixed, to an appro-
priation for a single year.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from California [Mr. Bruder-
ick] if the collector to whom Mr. Guthrie referred
in the conversation of which he has spoken, waa
Colonel Collier?
Mr. BRODERICK. It was not Colonel Collier.
Colonel Collier, I believe, made some two or three
or four hundred thousand dollars while he was
collector; but the courts decided that he was all
right.
Mr. SEWARD. I was going to say that Col-
onel Collier had been prosecuted by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I did not refer to him.
Mr. SEWARD. A judgment was rendered in
his favor; and I felt that perhaps an erroneous
impression might go out in relation to him.
Mr. BRODERICK. That is generally done,
sir. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were taken upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN, when his name was called,
stated that he had paired off with the Senator from
Alabama, Mr. Clay.
Mr. BRODERICK at first voted in the nega-
tive; but before the result was announced, said:
I see there is a very large vote in favor of this
amendment, and I suppose I shall have to change
my vote and go for it. My vote will do no good
on the opposite side.
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays 7; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderiek,Chandler,Collamer, Critten-
den, Dixon. Doollttle, Fessemten, Filch, Foster, Green,
Hale, Harlan, Houston, Irei.-nn, Johnson of Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Rice, Sebastian,
Seward, Simmons, Stuart,Tooni'bs,Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Blight, Hammond, Hun-
ter, Shdell, and Wright—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I only want to call to the at-
tention of the Senate the fact that they are allow-
ing half a million less than has been expended in
any year since 1854.
Mr. WILSON. I offer another amendment:
Ani te it J at ther enacted, That no collector of tile cus-
toms, deputy collector, naval officer, deputy naval officer,
surveyor, deputy suiveyor, general appraiser, superintend-
ent of warehouses, or any other officer or person engaged
in the collection of the revenue, shall receive a greater
compensation than is now paid to the officers and persons
