rm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
agitation in Texas for the last ten years. It has
elaimed the attention of the Legislature of that
State, and is of impressive interest to her people.
At the recent session of the Legislature, when one
House was about acting on the subject, the ac-
cused addressed a letter to that body, expressing
his desire to have an investigation; and therefore,
if* by presenting these resolutions,*1 sought to
give forwardness to the investigation, I was only
acting in accordance with the wishes of the Legis-
lature and the views of the accused, as submitted
to that body.
Judge Watrous is a high judicial functionary,
"whose jurisdiction controls the interests and the
lives of the citizens of Texas under the Federal
segis, It is due to him and the people of Texas
that he should have an opportunity of vindicat-
ing his character before the world; so that, if the
charges against him be false, he may be restored
to that confidence which is so necessary to a high
judicial magistrate. If, on the contrary, the peo-
ple have suffered under judicial tyranny, redress
should be afforded. But, sir, in presenting the res-
olutions of the Legislature, I forbore the expres-
sion of any opinion, if I had one, in relation to
his guilt or innocence. I contend that, in present-
ing them, I was only discharging my duty. I pre-
sume that the person who penned this article is
not very favorable to an investigation. All that
is desired is a hearing—not a condemnation in ad-
vance of that hearing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 19, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; but before that motion is put
I wish to offer a resolution that all debate upon
the Indian appropriation bill be terminated to-
morrow, at two o'clock, p. m.
Mr. HOARD. I rise to a question of privilege.
X have received a letter, which, if read to the
House, I suppose will explain that question. I
desire to have it read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the letter, which is as follows:
Washington City, February IB, 1858.
Sir : You took occasion) on la&t Friday, in the IIouso of
Representatives, from the Clerk's desk, to lepott to said
House, from the New York Tribune, a false iwdfoid blan-
der against me, the tenor of which you know "without a
repetition from me.
The charges theiein set forth, if tiue, would disqualify
me from a neat on the floor ofthw Cotigio^s.
You reported the slander without any provocation on my
part. I knew nothing of you, said nothing about you, nor
of any member on your side.
The paragraph had no name to it, and you refund to in-
dorse it. I pronounced it then, as I do now, a falsehood
of the toulest kind. Ifyou suspicion that i am guilty ofthe
crime of being bribed, asset forth, I ask you to examine into
the truth or falsity. If you find I am innocent, it is moht
ceitamly due to me that you rise m your place and set me
right.
f await jour response.
Yours,   JOS. BURNS.
Hon. C. B. Hoard.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to respond to that let-
ter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is no
question of privilege to be brought before the
House. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. J. GLAHCY JONES. I insist upon my
motion.
Mr. HOARD. I desire the Speaker to decide
if this is not a question of privilege—if I have not
the right to respond to that letter?
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman can re-
spond by writing another one. I object.
The SPEAKER. As the matter is presented
to. the Chair now, he does not perceive that a
question of privilege is raised by the letter at all.
Mr. HOARD. Is it not a letter threatening in
its character ? Is it not a letter calsuldted to intim-
idate }
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now insist on
my motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me a moment while I
report to the House a bill to pay the deficiencies
in the printing, lithographing, and engraving, the
failure to provide for which is a matter of very
greatcomplamt upon the part of the men to whom
we are indebted.
Mr. HOARD. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I cannot yield.
Mr. HOARD. I desire, if the House will not j
give me consent to make a personal explanation, j
to take a respectful appeal from the decision of >
the Chair. I however first ask the House to
grant consent as a matter of courtesy.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the'gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, because the gen-
tleman can make his response in another way.
Mr. HOARD. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to know if it is a
friend of the author of that letter who makes ob-
jection to a response ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I object, except in the
way 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order upon
either side of the House.
Mr. HOARD. Another word, if you please.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that when this House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Atkins, Blair, Bliss,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Burnett, Campbell, Caskir, Gimp-
mau, Ezra Clark, John U. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Olingman,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Co-
mins, Coming, Covode, Burton Cnugo, Crawlord, Cmtis,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dodd, JGdje, Edmtmdion. English, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Florence. Oainelt. Gartiell, Giihs, Guoch,
Gioesbeck, Lawience W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Jack=-on,
Jewell, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly, Kilgotc, Landy, Maelay,Mc~
Kibbni, McUueen, Samuel Mai shall, Ma^on, Miles, Mill-
son, Oliver A. Morse, Pendleton, Pettit, Phillips, Pottle,
Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ruflin, Scales, Scott, Searing,
Shorter, Spinner, Stephens, Talbot, Thayer, Underwood,
Jsiael Washburn, White, Wluteley, Winslow, Woodson,
Augustus 11. Wright, and Zollieolier—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Avery, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bishop, Brayton, Buliinton, Burlmgame, Case,
Chaftee, Cobb, James Cmig. Curry, Damrell, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dowdcll, Durfee, Foley, Fos-
ter, Giddmgs, Gilman, Goodwin, Grantor, Robert B. Ilall,
Harlan, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Howatd, Huylcr, Gcoige
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Kelscy, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Leach, Letter, Lovcjov. Humphrey Mar-
shall, Mayriard, Moigan, Mori ill, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac
N. Morris j Mott, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Parker,
Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pmviance, Reagan, Reilly, Ritchie,
Robbing, Royce, Sandidee, Jleniy M. Shaw, Judson W.
Sheiman. Samuel A. Smith, Stanton,Tappan, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Catfwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
son^ Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—82.
So Mr. Dayis's motion was agreed to.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
'Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, stated that
Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, was detained from
the House by severe indisposition.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The question recurred upon themo'tionof Mr.
J. Glancy Jones to terminate debate in commit-
tee on the Indian appropriation biil to-morrow,
at two o'clock.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES called the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS. At two o'clock to-morrow,
when the House has agreed to adjourn over until
Tuesday t
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is all right.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I demand the pre-
vious question, and decline to modify my motion.
Two o clock to-morrow will answer my purpose.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to modify his motion,
and say two o'clock on Tuesday.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee, of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion, and allow the committees to
report private bills. Let us consume the morn-
ing hour in that way.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is this question
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I object to
debate.
Mr. CHAFFEE. There is now more upon the
Calendar than we can dispose of in two weeks, and
I must insist upon my motion to go into a Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. Chaffee's motion was agreod to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Stanton in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider bills and reports upon the Pri-
vate Calendar.
JOSEPH STOKELY AND OTHERS.
The first case upon the Calendar, which was
taken up, was an adverse report (C. C. No. 109)
upon the petition of Joseph Stokely and others,
heirs of Nehemiah Stokely.
Mr. COVODE. I move that that report be laid-
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask to have the
opinion of the committee in that case read.
Mr. PHELPS. This being objection day, I
will object to that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman is
mistaken. This is only the third, and not the
fourth Friday ofthe month.
The opinion of the court was read, and is as
follows:
" This claim is presented by the heirs-at-law of Nehe-
miah Stokely, who is alleged to have been a captain in the
army of the Revolution. U should have been pioseeuted
by the administrator of Stokclyj but we shall at present ex-
amine the case m lelation to the statutes of limitation.
"The following tacts are stated m the petition : Nehe-
nuali Stokely died in the year 1792. He wa-j commissioned
by Congress a captain in the eighth Pennsylvania legunent,
in the continental service, in the war of the Revolution, and
served as such until the end ofthe war, orunuJ he was re-
duced or letued By the resolution of Congress of October
21, 1780, it was provided that the officers who should con-
tinue in seivice to the end of the war should be entitled to
half pay during life, to commence fiom the time of theii le-
dnrtmn. By the i resolution of Maieh 22, 1783, it was pio-
vided thatofficeis thenm service, and who should continue
therein until the end of the war, should be entitled to re-
ceive the amount of five years' full pay m money, or secu-
rities on interest at six per cent, per annum, as Congress
should find most convenient, instead of the half pay piom-
ised for life by the resolution of October 21, 1780. By the
resolution of March 8,1785, it was provided that the officers
who retired under the resolve of December 31, 1780, are
equally entitled to the halt pay oi commutation with those
officers who retued under the resolve ofthe 3d and 21st of
October, 1780. The petitioner states that neither the half
pay nor commutation provided for in the foregoing resolves
ha-s evei been paid, but remain still due ; and that the claim
was pie^entod to Congiods in llie year 1848.
" The question m tins ca«e is, whether the claim is not
barred by the resolutions and statutes of limitations. We
have aheady made two decisions, upon this point: one m
the rase of Chamberlain rs'The United States, and the other
in the case of Marnay t-s.The United States. This case is
identical in tins particular with those two cases; and as the
lesohmous and statutes upon this subject were stated at
length m the opinions delivered in those two cases, it is un-
necessary now to recapitulate them. It is not alleged or
pioved that the claim in this ca«e was piesented at the
Tieasury before the 1st day of May, 1794 Jn accordance
with the decisions in the cases mentioned, this claim is now
barred by the statute of limitations, andtheclaimanthas no
cau«c of action against the United States.51
Mr. COVODE. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to the fact that the merits of this
case were not considered before the court, but that
the plea of limitations was applied to it. Now,
Mr. Chairman, the claimant, who is a constituent
of mine, is debarred by the action of the Court of
Claims, simply because his father never put in his
claim; nor aid he do so while he was in circum-
stances to dispense with it. I send to the Clerk's
desk a paper, which I ask to have read.
The paper was read, as follows:
"Mr. Stanton, from the committee appointed to inquire
wliefberany, and if any, what, description of claims against
the United States are barred by the statutes of limitation
which, m reason and justice, ought to be provided for by
law, made the following report:
" 'That all claims for services rendered and supplies fur-
nished or done, prior to the 4th of March, 1789, are barred by
sundry resolutions of Congress, passed in the years 1785 and
1787, and by lawn ofthe United Slates passed 2d February,
1793, and on the 3d March, 1795, and on the 9th July, 1798.
Your committee are of opinion that justice and sound policy
requue that all just and equitable claims against the United
