1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States, which are thus barred, should be fully paid and sat-
isfied; we therefore recommend the following resolution :
■' Resolved, That all.just and equitable claims awatnstthe
United States, for seivicesieiidetedand supplies furnished
duiin? the revolutionary war with Great Britain, and for
loan office certificates, final settlement certificates', indents
of interest, and balances credited on the books of the Treas-
ury, which aie now barred by any law of the United States,
ought to be provided for by law.' "
Mr. COVODE. Now, Mr. Chairman, I only
ask that this case shall be decided on its merits.
I want to see whether the Government will es-
tablish the principle of pleading the statute of lim-
itation against just claims. There appears to be
no question as to the justice of this claim, and the
only difficulty about it is as to the limitation. I
wish to have the case reported back to the House
with the recommendation that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask to have
read the decision of the Court of Claims in the
other case referred to in this report. The decision
does not refer to the laws or recite the facts, but
only states that it is based upon the grounds set
forth in another decision. I ask that that decision
may be referred to and read, in order that the com-
mittee may be in possession of the facts and un-
derstand the.principles involved.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana will please indicate the case that the report
is in.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The decision
itself states it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk advises the
Chair that the report is not before the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Then I suggest
the propriety of having the case laid over till we
have the other report before us, because this de-
cision does not state the facts or grounds on which
the ruling is made.
Mr. DAVIDSON. What is the proposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. That the report of the
Court of Claims be reported to the House, with
a recommendation that it be committed to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I have a suggestion to make
to my friend from Pennsylvania. If he desires
to have anything done with that claim he had
better not send it to the Committee of Claims;
because he would want to have the evidence,
the law, the equity, and the inspiration of Al-
mighty God to get anything from that commit-
tee. [Laughter.]
Mr.MOORE. Mr. Chairman, those who know
my worthy friend from Louisiana, [Mr. David-
son,] will probably appreciate his remark as a
mere jest; but it will go to the country as a reflec-
tion on the members of the Committee of Claims;
and, as a member of that committee, I must pro-
test against his remark as unjust. It is too severe
a charge to make in jest, and there is nothing to
justify any such remark in respect to that com-
mittee. I take it that every member of it acts
from the same motive as the gentleman from
Louisiana does, and acts conscientiously; and
if they see proper not to have so loose a hand
as to grant every claim presented, I think that
that is no just cause to stand up and charge that
committee as the gentleman from Louisiana has
done.
Mr. DAVIDSON. It is time enough for the
gentleman to take offense when any reflection is
made upon him. I have made none. This is the
judgment of the Court of Claims against this claim;
and if I have made any charge against the Com-
mittee of Claims, I am myself as much implicated
in it as is the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Moore.] It shows too much sensitiveness on
his part to appropriate all the action of the com-
mittee to himself.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand the
remarks of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Davidson] in the same light in which they seem
to have been understood by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Moore.] I belong to the same
Committee of Claims; and I supposed that the
remarks of the gentleman from Louisiana would
bb understood by the country in a highly compli-
mentary sense; in the sense that we were the vigi-
lant and faithful watch-dogs, the Cerberi of the
Treasury; that we would allow no claim to pass
unless it came before us with the highest authenti-
cation. I hope that the remarks of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Moore] will not be under-
stood by those who will read them as.meaning that
any such intimation could possibly be displeasing
to any member of that committee.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I consider the
remarks of the gentleman from Louisiana in the
same light in which the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynard] has been pleased to consider
them. I think them complimentary to the Com-
mittee of Claims, as showing that that committee
is not disposed to report favorably on claims un-
less compelled to do so from the evidence sub-
mitted to the committee.
I presume that the members of the House gen-
erally have observed the number of claims on the
Private Calendar. It is one of the surest evidences
of the corruption of our Government and of the
times in which we live; of the disposition to live
on the Government in one way or another. These
private claims ran up by hundreds, and I think it
probable that before Congress adjourns they will
have run up to thousands. It obstructs the busi-
ness of the Government; it dams up the channels
of legislation, and great and grave questions of
national importance are postponed for the con-
sideration of private claims of from one dollar to
thousands. Now, sir, I will admit that there is
a certain class of claims against the Government
which arc just and equitable. Occasionally such
a case presents itself, but such cases are compar-
atively rare. It does seem to me that if you once
permit a man to get his hands into the Treasury,
he never will be satisfied.
Now, sir, it seems to me that it is the duty of the
Committee of Claims, whena petition is presented
to them, to consider it and examine the evidence
upon which it is predicated, and, if it is just and
equitable beyond controversy, to make a favor-
able report. But I hold, that whenever a claim is
presented under a statute, that statute should be
applied rigidly to that claim.
If, in cases in issue between individuals, the
statute of limitation is to be applied, much more
should it be applied to individuals m their de-
mands upon the Government. When a party ap-
plies to the Government for relief, the statement
of the case is always parte. He makes out his
claim with no one to represent the other side; and
all professional men know how easy it is, if there
is no party to present the opposite view, to make
out your case. It must be a very poor case that
cannot be made out prima facie in this way.
And, sir, in cases like this, coming up long after
the men are dead, when all the facts are forgot-
ten, it is impossible for human ken to tell what
were the circumstances. I, therefore, insist on
applying the statute of limitations with strictness,
and I stand here to say that I for one will never
vote for a claim that is old and stale.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia to say the Government is to
plead the statute oflimitations againsta just debt?
Mr.WRIGHT, ofGeorgia. A just debt! No,
sir. But where is the evidence of that ? It is not
to be presumed that persons would slumber for
years and years over a just claim. Men are not
so negligent of their rights. If the gentleman
from Georgia had a claim against the Govern-
ment, I venture to say he would not allow it to
slumber.
Mr. SEWARD. I never have any dealings
with the Government in that way.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I rather think a
requisition for the gentleman's pay comes very
soon after it is due.
Mr. COVODE. I hope we shall get rid of this
difficulty. The suggestion has been made that
this report should go to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims; and, inasmuch as objection has
been made to referring it to the Committee of
Claims, I move that it be reported back to the
House, with the recommendation that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
I would suggest to the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Wright,] that I propose to test this case
upon its merits. If the claimant cannot show
that the money has never been paid, it ought to
fail. All I wish is, that the case shall be tested
upon its merits.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose to detain the House for more than a moment
or two. I do not know in what manner this dis-
cussion has arisen in regard to the conduct of the
Committee of Claims, this morning. I think it
has not legitimately arisen. But, sir, as it has
arisen) 1 wish merely to make a remark in regard
to the conduct of that committee, because it is
very important that its credit and- character, in
the investigation of the cases which are-submitted
to it, should not be invalidated or destroyed before
this House.
Mr. CHAPPEE. I rise to ask a question of
the Chair. The question is upon reporting this
case back to the House, with a recommendation
that it be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. I ask whether, upon that mo-
tion, it is in order to discuss it upon its merits?
The CHAIRMAN. If the question is raised,
the Chair supposes he should be compelled to rule
that it was not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Debate has
been allowed by others, and I hope I shall U 
allowed to saw a word.
Mr. WINSLOW. The motion, as X under*
stand it, is to refer to the Committee of Claims-;
and I suppose, of course, it is in order to discusa
the character of the committee upon that.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I suppose the
line of remarks I propose to pursue will be strictly
in order. I will detain the committee but a few
moments. As the conduct and the mode of proi
ceedirig in the Committee of-Claims have been
arraigned before this House, it is very proper that
that committee should be heard in its defense.
There is no committee acting under the direction
of the House which has more onerous, more del*
icate, or more laborious duties to perform than
the Committee of Claims; or more thankless,
as has been suggested. They have to perform
labor for which they can gain no reputation. The
Committee of Claims, or a majority of them at
least, have acted upon the principle that they are
not to consider this Government a great alms-
house for distributing relief to all the unfoitunate
persons in the country, who, by misfortune, or
by the wrong of others, have been reduced to
poverty and want. There may be one or two of
my colleagues on the committee who consider
that every person who brings forward a claim
against the Government is prima facie m the rights
and that if the Government cannot bring forward
evidence to show that the claim is wrong or fraud*
ulent, it ought to be allowed. The liberal arrd
charitable gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. David-
son] probably honestly takes that view.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The gentleman, I presume,
expects to be judged by his own acts, and he must
allow me the right to be so judged. He has no-
right to make such an imputation as that upon me.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I have no doubt
that my colleague acts upon what he deems to be
upright, honorable, and correct principles. But,
sir, there are others on the committee, constituting
the majority, who believe that the House ought
to look with scrutiny into every claim presented
for our consideration; and who believe that no
claim ought to be allowed, unless substantiated by
proof satisfactory and conclusive. Certain ft is,
that the adoption of a different principle would
bankrupt the Government in less than four years.
There is no Government on earth that can stand
up with a loose mode of allowing claims against
it. The Committee of Claims, this House, and
Congress, must act upon legal principles, well es-
tablished in the administration of the Government
since its foundation.
There are, sir, growing up out of the late war*
with Great Britain, claims from those along the
Canadian frontier, who, by the ravages of -war,
were reduced to poverty. The whole -Canadian
frontier, it will be remembered, was swept at the
time with the besom of destruction. The individ-
ual sufferers have come forward under one pretext
and another, and presented claims against the
Government of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman that, on the motion to report this
bill to the House, with the recommendation that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, it is scarcely in order to discuss the gen-
eral policy of the Government.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I am satisfied!
that the Chair is right in his ruling, and I will
confine myself to the point of reference.
The question is, should this bill be laid aside to
be reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
As the principles by which that committee is gov-
erned in its action, and the modus operandi pur-
sued by it have been attacked and discussed, I
