1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
concede to them the credit of having made a prop- I
osition which, while it saved their own pride of '
consistency, and while it reconciled them to the i
idea that tiicrc was no violation of the principle \
on which they supported that original bill, yet ;
substantially accomplished my great object. In- ;
stead of inquiring into that, I should have thanked \
them for the exercise of any skill or ingenuity by I
which they were able to present such a proposi- !
tion which was satisfactory to their own feelings, J
and, at the same time, promised to bring the same i
results to the country—bring quiet not only to
Kansas, but throughout the Union.
Rut, sir, when you come to the question merely
whether there is a change of policy, to say noth-
ing of principle, or not, I will not say what I re-
ally think; but if here is not a mode by which
the people of Kansas can escape from having this
constitution fastened on them, I donot know what
construction to put upon language; I do not know
what interpretation to put upon the substantial
provisions of the report. Here is cleailya door .
opened by which the people of Kansas can avoid I
what a majority of them would consider an op- i
pression. A means of escape is opened to them ■
if they think proper to avail themselves of it—thnt j
is it. The gentlemen say this is no submission of
the constitution. The honorable Senator from
Georgia and others take that ground. It seems that
according to their statements and their presenta-
tion of the question, they have become very sud-
denly alarmed as to whether there might not be
serious controveisy if they were to insist on their
original bill, about the quantity of lands the peo-
ple of Kansas should be entitled to; that it might
create a distuibance, not only in Kansas, but
throughout the Union, and that it therefore be-
came them, as wise and prudent statesmen and
politicians, on sogravc a measure as that of admit-
ting a Stole into the Union, to see that there could
be no difficulty springing out of the matter here-
after. That js very commendable on their part;
nobody can deny that. The only strangeness
about it is, that the idea never struck them until
this committee of conference came together. No-
body ever apprehended any such difficulty befot e,
and the fact is, that nobody could have believed
that any serious difficulty could ever have arisen
from any such cause.
The honorable Senator from Georgia goes so
far as to state that if the section of the original
bill which piescnbed the quantity of land which
would be conceded to the State had been agreed
to by the House of Representatives, and Kansas
thought proper to repudiate that proposition and
disagree to it, she would be out of the Union.
That was a novelty to mo; I never conceived of
such an idea before; but these are the straits and
difficulties in which gentlemen necessarily find
themselves in maintaining their consistency and
avoiding any change or violation of the principles
on which they first set out.
I repeat, I would find no fault with them if the
measure proposed offered peace. I would, on the
contrary, applaud their ingenuity, and be very
glad that they could flatter themselves that there
was no inconsistency, no change of principle, if
they had carried out the views they might have
carried out, and made it an effective and substan-
tial measure for terminating this difficulty in a
mode that could not have failed of producing the
result of general quiet and harmony.
But is there a change ? The people are told,
" if you vote for this land proposition, you take
it with this constitution." They are told that,
m substance. Now, I should like to inquire—I
merely ask the question, without arguing it—
what right have we to say that they shall take
this constitution, if it was not theirs originally,
or whether it was so or not? This proposition
says to them, " if you vote to accept these grants
of land, it must be understood that you are will-
ing to come into the Union with the Lecompton
constitution." Now, I ask whether, according to
every rule of interpretation or construction which
obtains in courts of justice and legislative hails,
that is not equivalent to submitting the constitu-
tion to the people for their acceptance or rejection ?
It is intended—I do not say improperly intended
—but it is expressly stated that that is to be the
result. It says to the people of Kansas, {< if you
do not accept our proposition in regard to lands,
the inference is to be that you are not willing to
come into the Union with the Lecompton consti-
tution." ^ As I stated, I should have made no
question in regard to what,seems to me to be an
indirection in this business, and should be very
glad to concede to the gentlemen that it was con-
sistent, and no violation of their principle, if they
had further provided that " if you give a vote re-
jecting this ordinance, you shall proceed imme-
diately, or in the regular course, as soon as it can
be done by an act of your Legislature, if you
choose to call a convention and form a State con-
stitution," regulating the mode, in the spirit of an
enabling act, by which it should be done, to secure
fidelity and fairness, 44 and when you have done
so, whether the new constitution you make pro-
vides for slavery or restricts slavery, you shall
be admitted into the Union,"&c. I believe that
strictly according to the Constitution we have no
right to impose conditions on the admission of
new States; but I would not make a point about
that, if it had only done what further would seem
to be necessary in order to close this controversy.
I stated in the couise of the somewhat long and
elaborate speech which I made upon the occasion
of the passage of the original bill by the Senate
that I had been of opinion from the first, that this
controversy was not to be closed during the pres-
ent Administration. This declaration was pred-
icated on the interest which I saw the extremes
of both parties had in perpetuating it. I make no
charge, but from the natural tendency and opera-
tion of such questions m the action of parties, par-
ticularly in the extremes to which they exist in
this country, I have had but little hope from the
first that this controversy could be terminated
until after the next presidential election, if then
—I mean in regaid to Kansas.
Then, I do not think we are authorized to im-
pose conditions on new States on their admission;
yet in the exigency of tins case I should have
been disposed to vote for the measure reported
by the committee of conference, if it had pursued
the policy of the amendment of the Senator froin
Kentucky, in providing for the formation of a
new constitution, as soon as might be conven-
iently done, after a vote upon the Lecompton, re-
jecting it, and for admission into the Union under
the new constitution, with or without slavery.
If that were done, notwithstanding what may be
supposed and considered to be a " bribe" in re-
gard to the land grant, I should have felt bound
to support this pioposition That is the princi-
pal defect of it, m my judgment.
I do not charge that it was the design of the
Senators who composed the conference committee
to perpetuate the controversy in Kansas; but,that
it will probably perpetuate agitation in Kansas,
at least for three or four years, I think few will
deny. In my judgment, that will be the effect of
it, take it in any aspect you please. Suppose a
majouty of the people of Kansas agree to accept
the grant of lands proposed by this report: then,
of course, they come into the Union, according to
the provisions of this new bill, under the Lecomp-
ton constitution. But would that close the con-
troversy? They could vote for the land grant,
and the moment they came in they may make a
question whether Congress lias any power to force
a constitution on them; they might make a ques-
tion whether Congress has any power to prescribe
that they shall have any constitution before or at
the time of admission. According to the doctrine
of the Senator from Missouri, we have no such
power. He says we have no power over this con-
stitution or any other; it is made for the people
of Kansas; we cannot alter it; we cannot add any-
thing to it, or subtract anything from it. Accord-
ing to my understanding of the principles of many
of the advocates of this measure, as that const!- :
tution was rejected by the people before the pas-
sage of tins act admitting them into the Union,
they may say this is not their constitution, and
if they have formed a new constitution—particu-
larly if the Leavenworth constitution should be
ratified by the people, according to the forms pro-
vided by the convention which framed it—they
may say, " that is our constitution; and we make
the question with Congress, we make the question
with all the authorities and powers that choose
to doubt our right, that the Leavenworth is our
constitution. " Well, sir, what then ? Some gen-
tlemen have suggested to me (I do not think it
is possible though) that the Administration may
have been looking ahead to the consequences of
making such a question, and have got the opinion
of the Attorney General of the United States that
the act of the Territorial Legislature under which
this new constitution was formed was not passed
according to the organic act, because the Gov-
ernor was not allowed three full days for its con-
sideration; and hence all the proceedings under
that act in calling a convention and in forming a
constitution are void.
Who is to settle that question if it should be
made? Your Attorney General is not the man
who can do it. Whatauthority is there in Kan-
sas to settle it? If they have a legislative major-
ity of free-State men, and they choose to organ-
ize under the new constitution, they may under-
take to settle it. Suppose they do: how can the
Governor interpose? Suppose he is a pro-slavery
Governor even: how can he interpose to prevent
*ny construction the Legislature think proper to
put on the act authorizing the call of a conven-
tion? They choose to put that construction on
it themselves. Can the Government of the Uni-
ted States, the Executive, or Congress, intervene
and settle a question of that sort? I should like
the gentlemen who have taken the position that
we cannot look into any irregularities and fraud,
or go beyond what appears on paper, to answer
me this question. But it may be retorted on me
that that would give peace; they would settle
everything under the Leavenworth constitution.
But I say no; it would be contested; there would
be a minority there, and their efforts to defeat
such a construction, under the circumstances,
would be the foundation of a new agitation, only
changing it somewhat. Parties would array them-
selves on one side or the other. The groundwork
has already been laid for it. This view is sup-
posing that the people of Kansas should accept
this ordinance, and be admitted into the Union
under the provisions of this new bill.
Suppose, however, that they do not do that:
then they have to wait until they have a popu-
lation of ninety-four thousand. Well, that is no
great hardship: but I will tell you where the point
presents itself to me as one of serious magnitude.
• The object of our proceedings heie ought to be
to do justice, and to settle this controversy as
speedily as possible—to cut off the fountains from
whence have flowed all these bitter waters. The
honorable Senator from Georgia to-day said the
people of Kansas had given us so much trouble'*
that he was willing two years ago to bring them
in with the population they were said to have at
that time—perhaps forty thousand; and is as will-
ing they should come in yet, if they would accept
this proposition and take the Lecompton consti-
tution; butif they do not agree to this, he would,
not agree to admit them until they have a popu-
lation of ninety-four thousand; for every year he
had a diminished and still diminishing opinion of
their competency for self-government. His es-
timation of them on that point is growing less
from year to year, on account of their gross im-
moralities, violence, turbulence, and general de-
moralization. Well, they have not recently com-
menced. According to our accounts of them,
these violences, these outrages, this demoraliza-
tion, these frauds, these irregularities have existed
for more than two years—we may say, to some
extent, ever since the territorial government was
organized under the Kansas-Nebraska act. Gen-
tlemen say, if these people will not accept this
proposition, and come into the Union with the
Lecompton constitution, we are under no obliga-
tions to admit them; we willlet them fret; we will
let them (to use a vulgar term) sweat; he did not
use it, but I cannot think of any other more ap-
piopriate at present. Let them be punished by
continued violence, outrages, frauds, and assas-
sinations; let agitationgo on; they do notdeserve
any other treatment until they have a population
of ninety-four thousand; it is a punishment due
them.
Well, sir, that is not the view I take of the sub-
ject. 1 want to terminate this controversy, arid
ciose these agitations; not for the sake of the peo-
ple of Kansas so much as for the repose and quiet
of the whole count!y; for the sake of ourselves;
on account of both sections of the Union; on ac-
count of the suffering and prostrate condition of
every branch of private enterprise in the country.
1 want to put an end to that incubus which has
set a dead, paralyzing weight on the energies and
enterprises of the country, so long creating dis-
trust and want of confidence in the stability of our
