1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL jGLOBE.
2908
engaged in said service at the port of New York: Provided,
That this section shall not be so construed as to increase
the compensation of any officer of the customs, or of any
person engaged in the collection thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I stated that I should offer an
amendment to limit to one year this law, which
seems to be a permanent one, making the appro-
priation continuous until it shall be changed. For
tl at purpose I move, m the third line of the sec-
ond section, to strike oyt the words u each and
every," and insert " the" before " fiscal year;"
and after the words " 1st of July, 1858," insert
" to the 30th of June, 1859." These alterations
will make the act an appropriation for one year.
My object is, that this bill may come before us
next year necessarily, when we shall have passed
through something more of the experiment of the
present condition of things, and may determine
what ought to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first two sections
have been stricken out.
Mr. KING. Then I shall not offer my amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, .its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the second amendment, and
had disagreed to the first, third, fourth, and fifth
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
558) making appropriations for the transporta-
tion of the United States mail by ocean steamers
and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the
3l)th of June, 1859.
JOHN SAWYER.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 619)
for the relief of John Sawyer, a soldier of the
war of the Revolution, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a little bill which
gives a pension for revolutionary services to a
man who is one hundred and three years old. I
ask that it may now be considered. ["Certainly."]
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to place the name of John
Sawyer, of Penobscot county, Maine, on the pen-
sion roll at the rate of twenty-four dollars a year,
during his natural life, commencing March 4,1831.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the Indian
deficiency bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been here nearly
eleven hours without eating bread, or drinking
water.
Mr. HALE. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Allen answered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to withdraw the
motion to adjourn, for the purpose of allowing
gentlemen to take up a few local bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright )
By unanimous consent the motion may be with-
drawn.
Mr. HALE. Go on with the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. One Senator
has answered to his name, and the call must go
on.
The Secretary continued the call of the roll; and
the result was—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Chittenden, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Houston, Ivri>on, Johnson ot Tennessee,
King, Seward, Simmon*, Stuart, Trumbull, and Wade—
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Doo-
httle, Fespenden, Fitch. Green, Gwm, Hammond, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Push, Iteid, Rice, Sebas-
tian, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—20.
SETTLERS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. SEWARD. Is there any special order
now;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia has a motion before the Senate to
take up the Indian deficiency bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I had the prom-
ise of the Senator from Virginia, that he would
allow me to have a little House bill, for the relief i;
of some constituents of mine, considered and I;
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. "With the understanding that
it gives rise to no debate,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume there will he
no debate about it. The Committee on Public
Lands of the Senate recommend the passage of
the bill, and it has already passed the House of
Representatives. It is a bill (H. R. No. 538) for
the relief of settlers on lands in the State of Illi-
nois. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides that every settler on any of the
public lands heretofore selected by the State of
Illinois, but which have not been confirmed to that
State, under the provisions of the act of 4th of
September, 1841, who has settled thereon in good
-faith, shall be entitled to preempt his claim by
legal subdivisions, not to exceed one hundred and
sixty acres in a compact body, at the ordinary
minimum of $1 25 per acre, unless within the six-
mile limits of any railroad grant, and in that case
at the usual double minimum of $2 50 per acre.
Such settlers, however, are to establish their rights
according to the rules and regulations prescribed
under the provisions of the act of 4th Septembei,
1841, and pay for the lands within three months
from the date of the publication of this act by the
register of the proper district.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is a bill
lying on the table which was considered nearly
three weeks ago, and then laid aside. It is a
matter of public interest to my State, and was re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee—in which, I
believe, the Senate have the highest confidence.
1 move to take up that bill now; and I hope the
Senate will pass it at once. If it gives rise to de-
bate, I shall withdraw it. It is a bill concerning
courts in Arkansas.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I offered an amendment
to that bill, which I beg leave to withdraw. The
amendment had reference to courts generally
throughout the United States; but this is a local
bill. In offering that amendment, it was not my
intention to embarrass the bill at all; but I desire
to give notice, that, when the subject comes up
on a bill for reforming the judiciary system of the
United States, there is a provision in my amend-
ment which I desire to insist upon.
Mr. HUNTER. If the bill of the Senator from
Arkansas gives rise to no debate, I shall not ob-
ject to its consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think it can
be disposed of at once; at any u te, I make the
motion to take it up.
That motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 278) concerning the courts
of the United States in the district of Arkansas
was resumed, as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the appointment of a district
judge of the United States for the western district
"of Arkansas, who shall have and exercise the
same jurisdiction and powers which are now had
and exercised within it by the judge for the dis-
trict of Arkansas, and the juusdiction and author-
ity of the last mentioned judge are to be hereafter
confined to the eastern district of Arkansas. The
annual salary of the judge of the western district
is to be <£2,5U0.
It further provides that there shall be hereafter
two terms of the circuit court of the United States
for the eastern district of Arkan^s, on the second
Mondays of April and October in each year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
Indian deficiency bill. !
Mr. PUGfH. I trust the Senator wjll allow me
to call up a little House bill that will not give
rise to debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I may as well abandon busi-
ness,and move an adjournment. [" Oh,no;" "Go
on !"] If gentlemen will allow me to go on with
the appropriation bills, 1 will not make the mo-
tion. ["Goon!"]
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30,1858, the pending ques-
tion being on the following amendment of Mr.
Houston:
jlnd be it further cna<tcd, That the superintendents and
agents within the snpeimtomlency of Texas sliaii he here-
aiter appointed 111 the  .une nidimer as other Mip. rintend-
ents and agents aie appointed and confirmed ; and that me
Witchita agency is heieby attached to the supermtendency
of Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was entitled to the floor
early this morning, and yielded to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance. Again,
when I was entitled to the floor, I yielded through
courtesy,as he dcsiied other business to be taken
up. He has availed himself of my courtesy, and
now inflicts on me the disagreeable duty of going
into a discussion at this late hour of the night. I
intend that the bright rays of to-morrow's rising
sun shall come through the windows of these
hulls before I lose my privilege. Before com-
mencing the argument, that 1 may be enabled to
condense it within the nine hours allowed me
from now until sunrise, I should be glad if the
Senator from Aikansas would give some expla-
nation of the reasons why he opposes the amend-
ment. I desire to know the grounds on which
his opposition rests, that I may respond.
Mr. IVERSON. If' the Senator ftom Texas
will give way, I wish to propose a compromise.
The Senator proposes to speak until sunrise; but
I understand that, if we now adjourn, he will
occupy only half an hour to-morrow. If he will
pledge himself to that, I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot make such a pledge
now. I am not gomg to swap nine hours foi half
an hour. [Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and at ten o'clock,
p.m., the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 10, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SICK AND DISABLED SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a letter addressed to the Committee on Com-
merce relative to provision for sick and disabled
seamen; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MISSOURI AND CALIFORNIA MAILS.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be on Mr. Craig's motion to suspend the
rules to enable him to introduce a joint lesohition
in relation to carrying: the United States mails
from St. Joseph, Missouii, to PUcerviile,' Cali-
fornia.
LANDS IN THE CHOCTAW CESSION.
Mr. SINGLETON. I told the House the other
day that if it then passed out* hale bill of mine i
would not trouble it any moie; but that u*u« mi
the hypothesis that Congress would adjourn last
Monday. As the session, howevet, has been ex-
tended a week, I now ask that I may report back
a bill from the Committee on Public Lands.
There being no objection,
Mr. SINGLETON repoited back, from th*>
Committeeori Public Lands, House bill (No. 399)
for the relief of certain purchaseisof lands within
the limits of the Choctaw cession of 18'JO.
The bill authorizes and requires the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to cause patents
to be issued on all certificates for entries made
within the limits of the Choctaw cession of 1830,
at less than the true graduation price issued prior
to the reception, by the local land office, of the
