1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Government itself. It is not the people of Kan-
sas alone that we are legislating for or we ought
to legislate for on such a question as this; it is
the whole country. That is my objection.
I repeat again, that I should probably support
the present proposition but for this feature of it,
prolonging tne controversy for two or three years
at least, bringing it into the next canvass for the
Presidency almost certainly. Though the free-
State men in Kansas, having the power in the
Territorial Legislature, should go on compara-
tively smoothly, how is this question to be pre-
sented in the section of the country which is most
liable to be excited, agitated, and inflamed by the
action of Congress on this subject? You will ad-
mit Kansas with forty or fifty thousand inhabit-
ants, under the Lecompton constitution; but if
they are to be at liberty to form a new constitu-
tion, and a majority of them should be in favor of
a free-State constitution, you will have the full
pound of flesh; you will bring the rigor of the law,
and of the practice of the Government, on the ad-
mission of new States, to bear upon them; you will
not allow them to enter the Union until they have
ninety-four thousand population. That is the
way it will be urged. This presentation of the
case to the northern people, J do not suppose,
would be prod uctiveofany fatal consequences; but
you are still adding to that mass of anti-slavery
sentiment which has grown up m the North under
the action of the majority of Congress in the last
four years; you are still adding additional weight
and consequence to it; you are still swelling the
tide of anti-slavery feeling and hostility to, and
alienation from, the South. You are doing this,
too, on the very eve of a most important election.
Then, if the people of Kansas were to accept
this proposition, if it shall be passed, as I sup-
pose it will be, and they should go quietly on, still
here is this argument to be presented to the people
of theNorth. " Kansas is no longer suffering,"
it will be replied. il Yes, but under what circum-
stances is she kept out of the Union ?" it would
be retorted; " why is she not now a State of the
Union ?"
The honorable Senator from Virginia thought
a capital objection to the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky was, that the State
was to be admitted without our seeing the consti-
tution that might be formed. That amendment
provided that if the people of Kansas should not
choose to accept the Lecompton constitution they
might go on to make a new constitution; and that,
upon the people ratifying the new constitution, the
State should be admitted upon proclamation by the
President. That was considered a fatal objection
to the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky.
On whatgiound ? Because the Constitution of the
United States guaranties a republican form of gov-
ernment to every State in the Union. I shall not
take up the time of the Senate now—because I have
already occupied more time than 1 intended in
making the statement I have—by going into that
argument. I will say, however, that there is no
such condition required in the Constitution of the
United States at all. The provision of the Con-
stitution that the United States shall guaranty to
every State of the Union a republican farm of gov-
ernment was intended to guaid against revolu-
tions by which an austocracy, an obhgarchy, a
monarchy, or a despotism, might be set up or es-
tablished in any of the States of the Union at any
time. The Constitution of the United States was*
formed on the general presumption that the States
would continue to be republican, as they were;
that all new States of course would be republican
when thoy should come into the Union; but such
were the hatred and jealousy then existing of all
anti-republican governments, that it was thought
best to insert in the Constitution an express guar-
antee on this point. It has been our practice to
have a constitution before us when we admit into
the Union new States formed out of our own ter-
ritory, but there is no warrant in the Constitution 1
of the United States for demanding any such thin"-.
States have a light to come in without submitting :
their constitutions to us. Why submit them to
us ? According to the doctrine of the Senator from
Missouri we cannot alter them; wecannotexpress
an approval; we cannot disapprove. The ques-
tion with us is simply whether we will admit the
Territory into the Union as a State. When we i
do this we have fulfilled our authority under the I
Constitution of the United States. I had intended 1
to elaborate this point a little further, and to say
something more on the general subject; but if it
is desired to close debate this evening, I shall not
trespass any longer on the attention of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, a few days
ago there appeared in the newspapers some state-
ments about communications which passed be-
tween the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Green] and myself, in the progress of the discus-
sions of the committee of conference, which have
been placed in my hands, and which carry an im-
pression that is erroneous in regard to the con-
duct of that honorable Senator as chairman of the
committee; and it gives me pleasure to make this
statement, to correct that erroneous impression.
It is stated in this article:
" When Mr. English offered hia bill at the conference
this morning, it was eagerly accepted by Messrs. Green,
Hunter and Stephens. Governor Seward and Mr. How-
ard asked time to consider, and to have the decision and
report postponed till to-morrow morning. Mr. Green would
not consent. He would only giant two hours, and named
two o'clock this afternoon as the hour for icassembling the
committee and reporting the English bill to the Hou^e and
Senate. lie very earnestly requested Messrs. Seward and
Howard to be punctual, as he wished to have the question
acted upon at once."
What occurred in the committee was this: the
honorable Senator from Missouri was chairman
of the committee; and when a proposition was
made for a postponement for a day, or twenty-
four hours, the honorable Senator from Missouri
said he thought that was a reasonable request,
that we ought to have that time, but he being in
the chair, the question was put and carried against
us, and we were limited to two hours* It is all
right, except that the blame, if there is any, is
put upon the honorable chairman, who expressed
the desire that we might have the indulgence
which we asked. Then, again, the letter goes on
to state that:
" At two o'clock, when Messrs. Srw.vni) and Howard
went to the committee-ioom, nobody wa-i there, 'l'hcy
watted neaily an hour; no ono cam;-. ?>Ir. Seward won't
in si-arch of Mr. C'reev, and found bun vftv much ca-t
down. He inquired what was the inattoi ? Mi Green m-
tiiiKited that the screws weie loo-.*j, and eveiytlnng in dis-
order; a poitiou of The pany u"b kicking ni the tracu^.
' Oo you mean to rcpoit to day mquued Si-w^r.n. ' No,'
saul Green, 1 not to-day.' ' Will the committee meet to-
night r' 'No, not to-night.' 'To moirow morning.'" 'No.'
'When then?' ' Can't tell,'said Green moodily; i 1 will
let you kuow when we are leady to meet.5 "
Very nearly that conversation occurred, but al-
together in a spirit entirely different from that. I
have authorized nobody to say that the honora-
ble Senator from Missouri acted moodily. The
honorable Senator was not ready to report; and
this conversation was one in which my own con-
venience moved me to ask the information from
him; and he manifested a desire to gratify me,
and said the prospect was that we should not
have a meeting that day, but would have one the
next, and he would give me notice at all events,
and I might go home. It was said m the kindest
spirit.
Another thing, Mr. President, while I am up, to
show how vet y apt we are to be misunderstood. I
have had nothing butamemty from the honorable
chairman, and from all the members of that com-
mittee, during all our discussions and debates. I
have great pleasure in saying that. Some days
, ago, I raised a question of oider here in debate,
j The honorable Senator from Missouri objected
j that there was no point in the question of order
• which I raised, and I rather thought afterwards
i thnt he was about right; but the Chair decided
| that I was in order. He paused, and said to me,
! " Very well, then, go on;" and I proceeded with
! the statement I was making. I said: " I wish to
I know whether I am to procced with the permis-
sion of the Chair or under the direction of the Sen-
ator from Missouri?" and he replied in good hu-
mor, and as a joke entirely: " Either is entirely
obligatory." That went into the newspapers as
being a defiance on his part. It gives me pleas-
ure to make this correction, and to acknowledge
that throughout the whole of this debate, so far
as that honorable Senator, and every other one
with whom I have had any connection in the
transaction of this business, is concerned, every-
thing has been conducted with kindness and cour-
tesy, which I hope may always be continued in
all our communications.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from New York :
desires to make some remarks on the pending ;
question to-morrow, and as it is haidly worth \
white to prolong the session to-night, I move that j
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to address the Senate
on this subject, and I am very thankful to the
honorable Senator from Missouri for the motion
he makes, because I am not quite well to-night,
and it would be a tax for me to go on now.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Senate
that if we can do it, we ought to agree upon some
hour when the vote shall betaken. The Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] whose health is
delicate, desires to vote, and I should like to fix
some-hour when we can take the question.
Mr. SEWARD. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Virginia, so near as 1 can, that we
understand on this side that the debate is practi-
cally closed on the other side; and there is no Sen-
ator on this side, I believe, who desires to address
the Senate, except the honorable Senator from
California, [Mr. Broderick,] whoisalways brief,
and will be very brief to-morrow, and myself; and
I suppose, if we take up the question at half past
twelve o'clock, we may calculate to get through
in a very reasonable morning hour.
Mr. HUNTER. Can we get through by three
o'clock ?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly by three—perhaps
before.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until half past
twelve o'clock, to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, JlpiU 29, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference on Senate bill No. 161, being
a bill for the admission of Kansas, on which the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cungman]
demanded the previous question.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from North Car-
olina will withdraw that call, I would like to say
a few words.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman renew
the motion ?
Mr. COX. I will.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will give way with that
understanding.
Mr. COX. I am obliged to the gentleman from
North Carolina for his kindness in this matter;
and I wish to say, with the same kindness with
which I have undertaken to do and to say every-
thing which 1 have done and said here, that we
should take care that the admission of a State
should be in every respect legitimate. There
should be no surreptitious birth of a Stai-; into
this Union. As this House well knows, I was
one of the first upon this floor to enter my protest
against the admission of Kansas without a sanc-
tion of her constitution by the people.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Yes, the very
first.
Mr. COX. And lam among the first now, sir, to
come forward, m the spirit, as I conceive, of hon-
orable concession. When gentlemen upon the Re-
publican side of the House have conceded so much
and so honorably, and when gentlemen upon all
sides of the House have conceded so much and
so honorably, I will not be laggard in this work
of honorable settlement.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to have my position un-
derstood before the country and before my peo-
ple. That I opposed the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution all know. I
opposed it because I did not believe in the om-
nipotence of the convention which framed it; be-
cause there was no express or implied sanction
of that constitution by the people. But now, sir,
after the most careful reflection upon the subject,
after the most careful consideration of tt in every
relation, in relation to my patty, in relation to my
State, in relation to the Union, in relation to the
welfare of the people of Kansas, and in relation to
