2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
true graduation lists, when such certificates and
entries are regular.
Mr. COBB. I move that the bill be put upon
its passage, and ask for the reading of the letter
of tile Secretary of the Interior.
The letter was read, as follows:
PEPAKIMKN'I OF THE INI bRlOR, June 4, 1858,
Sir: Incompliance with the request contained in your
letter of yesterday, I have examined House bill (No. 399,)
" For the relief of certain purchasers ol land, within the
limits of the Choctaw cession of 1830." I have also re-
ferred the bill to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and herewith inclose a copy of his report.
In expressing my concurrence in the views of the Com-
mi^Moner, I will add, that, in my opinion, the increased ex-
pi ns.e neee^arilv attending the settlement and deternnn
anon of su-perid'-d entries, within the ce^ion mentioned,
would probably equal, it not exceed, the additional amounts
winch mi! ht aceiue under pxwtino laws, and therefore
the amendatory legislation proposed would not materially,
tfat ail, conflict with the interests of the Government. The
bill is returned.
i have the honor to be your obedient servant,
J. TUOMrsON. Secretary.
Hon. W. R. W. Cobb, House of Representatives.
Mr. SINGLETON. I now ask that the letter
of the Commissioner of Public Lands be read.
The letter was lead, as follows;
General Land Ohooe, June 3, 1858.
Sir*. I hnve the houoi to return herewith the bill pioposed
by the Hon. Mr. Singleton, of with a view to
the confirmation ol certain s-ales in the Choctaw eesMori,
which had been made at hv*. rates than the ptoper gradua-
tion pi ices; and in con^ideiatum of all the tact:-. this office
respectfully the only mode ol adjustment, under
laws, would be to eajuvJ the emnrs winch have
licci) made, reexpose the land- to -ale ; that, in doing m>. it
would necessanly he with prejudice to individual intei<M •,
ard, alter all. vvu'li the probability ol but little benefit to the
public Tieaoiny.
Under tin: ciicums?ta:ice«, a liberal «pnitto our citizens
is tiie better policy, and in that spun, the parage of the bill
recommended; another benefit of winch will be to <li-.
incumber our tile-, from ^-u<-pen-ion<. and relieving that sec-
tion of the country fioin the embairat-nienh> of contested
titb^.
Vv'ith {.'real respect, youi ohedient ?nv.\iit,
THOMAS A II (]\Tl)lil('KS. ('ummUsioner.
Hon. J. Tno.Mi'ftON, Secretin # oi th" Intaior.
The bill was oidcred to bp engrossed and road
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accoid-
mgly road the thud time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM S. BRADFORD.
Air. QUITMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which House bill (No. G10)for the relief
of William S. Biadiord was passed yesterday;
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a privi-
Ipirt d question. U will be recollected that a lew
davs a^o I submitted a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mi. Ci.w] was excused fiom further ser-
vice on the Committee on Foi ei^n AiFaiis. I voted
in the affirmative on the motion to excuse; but a
night's subsequent reflection satisfied me that I
•"on d \woii";, and therefore ] submitted die mo-
tion to reconsider next morning. That motion
not having been disposed of, my object m rising
is to have it disposed of now. I am satisfied that,
on reflection, the gentleman from Kentucky must
feel convinced that this House did not intend to
treat, him with any discouitesy or disrespect. 1
jm a'so satisfied that tins Uoum> deques ins fui-
tii'T continuance on that com mi in e, p.u tic ulat iy
jn view of the present crirteal condition of our
n dors. I, for one, am therefore unwilling t o excuse
} t.i from fui"111r service on the committee, al-
t nough 1 may not he able to suppoi L e\eiy or any
mi asure that may meet with hisanpiolution. Still,
I am satisfied that he will bring to the d'seluirge
of hii duly an ardent and devoted patriotism; and
J.' uc, believing that at this time, when our flag
is being insulted on the high setu, and when Ih it-
r-h 'ggressions are beina made on American ves-
the Committee on Foreign Affans ought to
bo composed of men fitted lor the crisis, I hope
th,.* the vote by which the gentleman from Ken-
tut irv v, 0?  *jxeuged will be reconsidered.
Mr. Kl\\KEL, of Pennsylvania. I would like
to ask the gentleman from Illinois whether the
g'-mlcrnun from Kentucky desires to be excused
i.-om beivjug cu the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not wish to
| place the gentleman from Kentucky in that posi-
tion. I have no doubt of the fact, however, that,
! although he would not express a desire to con-
tinue on the committee, yet, if it be the wish of
the House to continue him on the committee, he
will serve. 1 hope the motion will be now dis-
posed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 understand there is a motion
pending: to suspend the rules; and if so, the gen-
tleman from Illinois cannot call up a motion to
consider when there is a subject before the House.
He can call it up at any time when there is no
subject before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is coitect. The gentleman from Illinois
called up his motion, and the Chair heard no ob-
jection at the time. The Chair supposed that the
House was willing to dispose of it.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. 1 supposed he was
statins: the reason why he would call it up. I see
there is a new practice likely to grow up here now. j
j One gentleman gets the floor and makes a motion, j
| and then yields the floor and lets the motion re- :
! mam m abeyance, till others ask the unanimous ]
I consent of the House to make other propositions. !
' I think it is better to follow the proper practice of 1
j the House. j
j Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would say to the ;
i gentleman from Tennessee that the gentleman from j
; Missouri is willing that 1 should have this ques- !
' tion disposed of in advance of fiis. {
I Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I call the previous j
j ques!ion on the motion to reconsider. i
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist on my j
, question of order. j
! * The SPEAKER. If there be objection, the !
proportion will be fust put on tho motion of the ;
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Craig.]
MI.SSOUSU AND CALIFORNIA MAILS.
Mr CRAIG, of Missouri. If there be no ob-
jection io iho introduction of the resolution, I
suppose there is no necessity for the motion to
suspend the rules. j
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. I object. i
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 130, noes 25.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules w<ue susnrnded; and the joint resolution in
relation to the earryme; of the United States mails
from St. Joseph, Missouri, to PlacerviHe, Cali-
fornia, was introduced, and read a first and sec-
ond tune.
The resolution directs the Postmaster General
to order an increase of speed on the mail route
between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Placerville,
California, so as to require the mails to be carried
in thirty days, insn-ad of thirty-eight days, pro-
vided the same can be done at a jno rata increase
of compensation to the contractor.
Mr. ^ANDIDGE. 1 would a<?k the gentleman
from M issnuri whether this resolution has been
reported by a. committee of the House ?
Air. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 would state that
it has been i wice passed upon bv the Committee
on the Post OiHee and Post Roads—once in the
shape of a resolution requiring information from
j the Department.
j Mr.  S\iITII, of Virginia. There is a good
! deal of money involved in this thing. The whole
ptopi'Mtion istogi.e money to the contractors,
i Air. CRAIG, of Alifsoaii. The exi.-nng law
j aathonzes the Postmaster G-eneral to order an m-
j crease of speed on any m-ul route he ( hooses; and
i the contraciois are obliged to obey that older. It
' is, then, usual to furnish evidence to the Post-
: master General as to how much the expenses are
: incieased; and that amount is allowed, i move
the previous question.
> Mr. REAGAN. That is a very important bill.
: It has n<-vi r lee* .veil the sanction of any commit
! tr-e, and st is opposed to the opinion of the Post
i Oftlcc Department.
j The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
j The pjevmus quesn-.ni was seconded, and the
| mam question otdeied.
! The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
i grossed, and read a third time; and bein? en-
! groped, n wms accordingly read the thhd time.
1 Air JONC of Tt .mews- e. I move to lay the
i resolution on the table. I think it is wrong for
Congress to make contractsforcarrymg the mails,
when the general law authorizes the Postmaster
General to do it.
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was passed.
Air. CRAIG, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and alsot moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I now call up the
motion to leconsider the vote by which the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] was excused
from serving on the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. I will only say, in addition to wiiat I had
said when I was interrupted, that this motion was
submitted at my own suggestion, without the
knowledge of the gentleman from Kentucky. I
believe it is due to him that 1 should make this
statement. I now move the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Tiie motion to reconsider was agreed to—ayes
90, noes 53.
The question recurred upon the motion to ex-
cuse Air. Clay, and n was decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Clay from
further service on the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.^
SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee ot Ways and Means,
repotted back the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House making supplemental ap-
ptopiiimons for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1859; which were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickihs, its S^cretaiy, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the mail steamer ap-
propiiation bill, with amendments, in winch he
was directed to ask the concutrence of the House,
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that an order
may now be made to have those amendments to
the mail steamer appropriation bill printed, so
that we may have them before us when we come
to act upon t hem.
Mr. J. G L AN CY JONES. I desire to say that
the Committee of Ways and Means have inform-
ally eonsideied those amendments, and have
agreed to tecommend a non-conenneuce in oil but
one of them. 1 move that the amendments be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The monon was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Inasmuch as the
Committee of Ways and Means have already
considered these amendments informally, I now
ask leave to report them ba"k, in oider that they
may be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
pt uued.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
sav to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means that I do not want to have these
amendments referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union until they have
bet n punted, so that v/e may have an opportu-
iiirv to see what wc are legislating about.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the o der to print is rarely ever made until
the amendments are report* d from the Committee
of Ways and Moans, and referred to the Com-
j niiitci' of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mi. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 suppose
it is within the competency of the House to order
the amendments to be panted at any time before
they are referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Umon. What I am trying to
avoid is getting into a maelstrom, in which we are
called upon to legislate without seeing what we
are legislating about, as we were last night.
Mr. J. GLANCY JON\3. I should prefer to
have tttem printed; but if we are to act upon
