794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
have deemed it proper, occupying the position I
do upon that committee, that it should be vindi-
cated from any attempt made to prejudice it be-
fore the House. I will say, at this time, that a
majority of that committee, upon any case before
it, endeavor to act'justly and right, according to
■well-established legal principles. We do not at-
tempt, in a loose way, to dote out alms to citizens
who, by misfortune or otherwise, have been made
to suffer. Such, I conceive, is neither the purpose
of the committee nor the object of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am interested in this
bill. The applicant in this case comes from my
section of the country—from Western Pennsyl-
vania. So far as I have looked into the claim, I
conceive it to be just and fair. It seems that no
objection is urged against it but the statute of lim-
itation—an ungracious objection, that ought never
to be tolerated for one single moment by an hon-
est man.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to aques-
tion of order. I feel obliged to do so. It is now
nearly the first of March, and I believe that the
House has not acted on the report of a si ngle com-
mittee on a private claim. My point of order is,
that the merits of the case are not debatable on
the motion to report this bill to the House for ref-
erence to the Committee of Claims. Let us dis-
pose of these reports at once, and leave discussion
until they shall come up for passage.
The CHAIRMAN. The point raised by the
gentleman from Maine is that the merits of the
claim are not up for discussion on the motion to
report to the House, with a recommendation that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion that the point is well taken, but he would
not hold gentlemen strictly to the rule that they
cannot show reasons why the motion should not
be passed, or why it should. But the motion does
not strictly involve the merits of the case.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. With all deference to
the judgment of the Chair, I think the question
before us is this: Is there a claim before the com-
mittee thatneed be referred to a committee for in-
vestigation? The merit of the'claim is the basis
upon which the House acts, and therefore it is
indispensable that I should discuss the merit of
the claim in order that 1 may show the ground for
my desiring to have it referred. Here, sir, is the
claim of an old revolutionary soldier. It is just
or unjust. If it is unjust, that can be proved. If
it is just, it ought to be paid. If it has been paid,
the records of the Government will show that fact
beyond dispute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must insist
on my point of order. There should be a good
precedent established m this case. Ifhereafter, on
motions to refer, the whole merits of claims are to
be opened for discussion, we certainly ought to
know it. I think it is important that there should
be an established rule on the question of reference,
and that the discussion on the merits of the claim
should be withheld until the committee have made
their report and the whole subject is up on the
passage of the bill. The question now before the
committee is, whether this case shall be reported
to the House with the recommendation that it
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims ? and to that point I think the debate ought
to be confined.
Mr. ED1E. I-call the gentleman to order. He
is discussing his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am merely
stating my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the same latitude of debate is allowable
in Committee of the Whole on this motion that
is allowable in the House on a motion to com-
mit. In every case, however, it will be a ques-
tion whether the remarks made are relevant to
the propriety of the reference. The merits of the
case can hardly be said to be open to controversy,
still it is difficult for the Chair to draw the dis-
tinction, whether the remarks made are such as
to show that the case ought or ought not to be
referred.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then that
opens the whole debate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
will make a suggestion. I think that the decision
of the Court of Claims which has been referred
to, presents a valid and sufficient reason for re-
porting this matter back to the House with the
recommendation that it should be referred to some
committee. The House will observe by a refer-
ence to the decision just read, that the grounds
of the decision are not stated, and that it is ne-
cessary to refer to another decision of the Court
of Claims, in order to ascertain the grounds upon
which the question was disposed of. Under these
circumstances, it seems to me to be proper and
right that the matter should not be acted on at
this time, but reported to the House with the
recommendation that it be referred to one of the
committees.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. All I desire to get be-
fore the House is the fact that the Court of Claims
predicated their action against the claim set up in
the present case upon the statute of limitations.
The simple question is, whether the same rule
which regulates the conduct of a court should
control the action of this.House?—whether, sir,
the Congress of the United States should set up
the statute of limitations as adefense against the
claim of an old revolutionary soldier, whose time
was given and whose life was risked to secure the
liberties which we now enjoy? This to me is a
monstrous doctrine. It is an ungracious defense,
and rarely set up by any honest man. That it
should be set up by Congress is an anomaly and a
monstrous outrage against a brave old soldier who
has defended his country. If he has been paid,
the records of the Government will show that fact;
but if it is a debt due now, it ought to be paid.
I ask that it be sent to the House for reference to
a committee to test its merits, and to report it to
the House for its decision.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. Itisthat,
where a case has come from the Court of Claims
reported upon adversely, it cannot again be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims ?
Mr. COVODE. The motion is to refer the mat-
ter to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. COX. I do not wish it to be referred to
any committee, and especially not to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, of which I am
a member.
The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair
is, that the gentleman cannot take the floor from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in order to raise
that point.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to make an explanation ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield
the floor absolutely, or only for explanation ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. He yields to me simply for
explanation. I regret exceedingly that the remark
which I made, and which was intended only to
signify to the House the principle which the com-
mittee had unanimously adopted, should have
been construed by the chairman as a charge made
against the committee. It is well understood by
the committee, and I among them, that the com-
mittee are not willing to undertake to revise all the
claims which have been decided against by the
Court of Claims. Hence it was that I made the
remark. When the gentleman undertakes to as-
sert that I feel disposed to consider every claim
made upon the part of any person as a just claim
against the Government, he goes further than any
action of mine authorizes him to go. The only
thing which has occurred 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has held all
such discussion to be out of order. The pending
question is on the motion to recommend to the
House that the report be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then it is not to refer to
the Committee of Claims?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then 1 am satisfied.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. If I can obtain the attention
of the committee for one minute, I will not trouble
them longer. If I understand the motion in this
case, it only proposes that this claimant shall
have the same justice meted out to him as has
been meted out to every other claimant for the last
thirty years; that it shall be referred to a com-
mittee; that the same rule shall govern this case
which has governed all other cases for the last
thirty years—a thing which cannot be done if we
take the decision of the Court of Claims as cor-
rect, when it may be opposed to the whole prac-
tice of this House. The whole question is, shall
it go to that committee? The only question to de-
cide at this time is, shall it be sent to a committee
and receive from their hands the same consider-
ation, be governed by the same rules, be con-
strued by the same principles, and controlled by
the same laws which have governed all other cases
for the last thirty years. If there is anything
lovely in justice in a legislative body, it is to deal
out justice with an even hand. The same justice
should be dealt out to this man, which has been
dealt out to all others heretofore. I am ir> favor
of referring the case to the proper committee,
either the Committee of Claims or the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, in order that we may
have their judgment in regard to its merits. I do
not enter into a discussion of its merits.
Mr. PALMER. I simply rise to express my
surprise that the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
wright,] speaking on behalf of the Committee of
Claims, should make the declaration to this House
that that committee has come to a determination,
as an invariable rule of action, torejeetall claims
which are not substantiated by legal evidence be-
yond all controversy. Sir, I take it that there are
few claims presented to the consideration of Con-
gress which do not meet with more or less con-
troversy, and I suppose that the very.reason why
these cases are reported back by the Court of
Claims to this House is, that we may examine
and review them. I reaffirm what has been said
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] that
it has been the practice of this Government for
thirty years, and ever since its organization, to
pass claims similar to this, notwithstanding the
statute of limitations may be pleaded againstthem.
There are upon this Calendar many such cases
coming from the district which I represent in this
House.
As was said by the chairman of the Committee
of Claims, the country lying along the Canada
frontier includes among its citizens the descend-
ants of many revolutionary soldiers, and partic-
ularly of those two regiments which, you remem-
ber, were raised in Canada, which encountered
all the hardships and dangers of the revolution-
ary army, and, in addition to that, incurred the
risk of confiscation of their property, and which
confiscation did take place in almost all cases.
After the Revolution, these men, in many cases,
failed to present their claims previous to 1794, and,
therefore, were technically cut off, if this statute
of limitations is to be enforced here. I hope the
House will reject that doctrine, and that the Com-
mittee of Claims, this committee, and the House
will feel it to be their duty to act upon all claims
upon principles of equity and justice, without
reference to the statute of limitations.
Mr. MILLSON. I feel reluctant to take part
in a discussion upon a private claim, and espe-
cially upon a motion to refer to a committee; but
! it is proper that I should inform the House that
this is not the first time that this claim has been
before it. Some eight years ago it became my
duty, as one of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to make a report upon this very case, by
the instruction of that committee. That report I
now have before me. The Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims were unfavorable to this demand,
and in making the report, the grounds of their
unfavorable opinion were not that the claim was
barred by the statute of limitations, but that there
never was any merit in it; that the claimant re-
ceived in his lifetime all that he was entitled to
receive for the services he had performed as an
officer of the continental line.
I merely rose to call the attention of the House
to that simple fact, in order that the Committee
oti Revolutionary Claims, when this case may be
referred to them, may have the opportunity of ex-
amining the facts as presented by the former Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Now, I do not oppose the reference at all to
that committee. I think it proper that it should
go again to that committee to be considered; for
it maybe that the present committee may come to
a different conclusion from that which the former
committee, eight years ago, came to. I thought
it proper to make these remarks, because it seems
to be insisted, upon all hands here, that there
never was any better reason for rejecting this
demand than that the claim was barred by the
statute of limitations.
According to the report which I made on this
case, eight yeara ago, it appears that this man
