1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
the dispatch of public business, I hare come to *
deliberate conclusion this morning to vote for the
conference bill; because it gives the people of Kan-
sas a chance to kill Lecompton, though they use
the ordinance to doit. I ask the privilege simply
to give my reasons, my honest reasons, for the
vote which I shall give to-day upon this question.
In the bill proposed by the committee of con-
ference there is no proposition to submit, in so
many words, the constitution itself to the people.
I am willing to concede that, and it seemed to be
claimed, in the language used by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] yesterday. Though
"it is not submitted, yet there is a means provided
in this bill by which, if the constitution does not
meet with the approbation of the people of Kan-
sas, they can give expression to that will. The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] well re-
marked yesterday, that it is like the old vote by
shells in the Grecian Agora, where the vote for
" banishment" or " no banishment" of a traitor
to the State might be given by the use of these
shells. The substance was in such a vote. The
shells were the medium of expression only. I
am after the substance. In this case the substance,
though perhaps not the shadow, of a submission
is given to the people of Kansas upon this ques-
tion.
The fact that the popular voice of Kansas is thus
expressed, is not an objection to this matter. 1
would have preferred a more direct, straightfor-
ward vote. Still, this has given me no trouble.
By the mode proposed by the commitee,the power
is placed in the people of Kansas, by which they
can spurn this constitution if they do not like it.
That seems to be conceded on all sides. But some
objection is made on the alleged ground of bribes
offered to the people to vote. I have given that
question a careful consideration. I find the lan-
guage which is used in the conference bill to be
the same as that used in the Crittenden-Mont-
gomery hill, for which Republicans, Americans,
and the anti-Lecompton Democrats voted. 1 find
that it is copied in the Minnesota enabling act, and
I find that it is in accordance with the general
course of the legislation of the country.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. COX. So that whether the people of Kan-
sas accept this constitution or reject it, still Kansas
will get this land for the benefit of her schools,
her university, and for other purposes provided
in this act. Therefore I conceive that there is no
bribe offered in this bill. The people can do as
they please. They are at perfect liberty to kill
this constitution by the means proposed by the
conference bill if they please, and they will in the
end, by the process of legislation, as every gen-
tleman here knows, get the same lands, whether
they vote one way or the other. That only is a
bribe which is given as a consideration for a vote;
but there is no consideration here offered, which
they would not get under other circumstances.
That matter gives me no trouble. Neither does
the commission which is raised here give me any
trouble; for I have full faith in Governor Denver,
and I know the district attorney is disposed to
deal fairly in this matter. Of the other three com-
missioners, one is a Federal officer, and the other
two are free-State territorial officers.
The doubt which I have, the honest doubt which
I have endeavored to settle in the spnit of con-
cession, is the fact that Lccompton is offered Lo
Kansas now on the condition that if she does not
take it she must abide by the rule laid down in
the Cincinnati platform, and await the time when
her population shall equal the ratio of one Repre-
sentative in Congress. 1 think this rule is a sal-
utary rule. The difficulty is in its present appli-
cation to Kansas. I trust that this difficulty will
be obviated. It has been said that if she does not
come in now she will remain out for a long time.
I have made inquiries of men who undei stand the
state of things in Kansas. I have sought Gov-
ernor Walker himself, and he tells me that he has
no doubt that Kansas will have the requisite pop-
ulation by next fall. That was a simple matter
of fact I was bound to inquire into, and of which
I am entirely satisfied.
Some objection may be raised that, under this
bill, the census must be taken; and that, as the
Federal census cannot be taken until 1860, Kan-
sas will be kept out of the Union until that time.
Now, by the language of this bill, I find that the
census here required to be taken is simply a cen-
sus under the territorial laws—a census " duly
and legally taken;" and therefore, that, as soon
as they prescribe the rules for taking that census,
and a sufficient population appears, they can come
into the Union under the provisions of this act.
Therefore, there is no such long postponement.
The postponement would be no longer than the
present fall, if the bill be honestly pursued.
I trust the House will do me the justice to ac-
cord to my course honest motives. I have stood
here for four months acting with gentlemen whom
I have found ready and willing to make conces-
sions iffion this vexed subject. The Republican
party conceded much when they voted to admit
a slave State in case the people ratified it. I have
no taunts at, or complaints to make of them for
that. I have acted with them on that question, and
against my own party friends; and I have stood
here bareheaded, as it were, for four months, to
claim for the people of Kansas the right to pass
on this constitution before I could vote to admit
under it. If I understand all the relations which
this question sustains to the country, it is my
honest opinion, after considering all its phases,
that the best thing we can do now is to vote for
the report of this committee of conference, which
gives a substantial submission of the constitution
to the people of Kansas.
If I had any doubt as to the propriety of the
course I have taken, I would forego any objec-
tions to the bill such as I have stated, because it
is the unanimous voice of the delegation of my
State upon the Democratic side of the House. I
confess to having some deference to their good
judgment. I confess, also, that I have some
deference to the opinion of my party, North and
South. I am not insensible to my party obliga-
tions; and when I can see that by a certain course
we can attain substantially all I desire, I am will-
ing to make some concessions. I owe to the De-
mocracy all 1 am and all I hope to be. And I owe
that party my fealty, and I am ready to show it in
this matter when I can see that I am acting for the
best. By acting in accordance with my humble
desire to do the best, I feel better satisfied if I can
act in harmony with my party. I reject all bland-
ishments, come from what quarter they may. I
come forward in the spirit of harmony m order
that we may have aunited Democracy and a united
country, that we may carry on the business of the
nation with dispatch and with refeience to its
highest interests.
Sir, the public interest demands a settlement of
this question. The people will hail its settlement,
even in this form; and though it may not be per-
fect in all respects, yet the nation will leap from
the incubus of this Kansas matter as from a night-
mare. The North and South will hail it as a de-
liverance from trouble. Unless v/e have this de-
liverance, sectional asperities will ogam embitter
ourpolitics. We will go home to meet them at every
turn of political discussion. 1 do not take pleas-
ure in such a prospect. When I go to Ohio, I
prefer to feel that I am in a State which knows its
sister Stntes in a full and cordial fellowship.
When I think of my own State and old Kentucky,
and of our past associations; when I think of the
trials that they had during the late war, in Ohio,
together, when the Kentucky hunters came across
the Ohio river, knowing no boundary save the
boundary of Canada, and fought against the red
coats and the red skins, side by side with our own
Ohio people; when I see the coat-of-arms of old
Kentucky, which is painted in the glass above
me—two friends with clasped hands, with the si<r-
nificant motto: " united we stand, divided we fall"
—when I think of all these things, in the spirit
of concession and harmony, though this bill may
not, in every respect, conform to my best judg-
ment, I am willing to go with my delegation, and
to go with my party, and to give my heart and
hand for this vote. I now call for the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask my colleague to with-
draw that csll and to let the other bide of Ohio be
heard and the other side of Kentucky.
[Loud C1 ies of "No! no!" and great confusion.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Ohio will not insist on that call.-
[Cries of " Hold on to it," and continued con-
fusion.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will my colleague yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. COX. I will yield to my colleague for a
moment, but I do not withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, with the
permission of my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] and prom-
ising to renew his demand for the previous ques-
tion, I wish to submit a few remarks explanatory
of the vote I am about to give on the conference
proposition for the admission of Kansas. Thia
is due not alone to myself and my constituents,
but to the Democratic party of my State and of the
nation.
As is well known to every member upon this
floor, I have, for months, opposed the admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution,
without its first being submitted to a vote of the
people. ThisI believed to be the doctrineof " pop-
ular sovereignty" as declared in the Kansas and
Nebraska bill, and as reaffirmed in the Cincinnati
platform.
To me there is no force in the objection that
the "Lecompton constitution" is not expressly
submitted. It is, beyond all doubt, a substantial
submission. By one form of ballot, the people
can reject that instrument; by another form of
ballot, they can vitalize it. Without the fiat of
the people in its behalf, it is as though it had
never been made. Gentlemen may quibble about
the form, but while I get the substance, I shall not
object.
Nor is there any truth in the charge that it is a
bribe offered to the people of Kansas, in the shape
of land grants, to accept the Lecompton consti-
tution. The quantity now offered them is the
quantity usually granted to new States. It is the
same granted by the Lecompton ordinance; it ia
the same granted by the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment, for which I voted. In this view of
it, therefore, I cannot object.
I am free to say, however, that it is not in every
respect such a bill as I would have preferred;
but under all the circumstances surrounding this
vexed question, with a due regard to the peace
and quiet of the country, and the restoration of
union and harmony to that party of which it is
my pride and boast to be an humble member, I
have concluded to give my vote for this measuie.
In arriving at this conclusion, I cheerfully say
Ihave made sacrifices; othergentlemen have done
likewise. Let me now indulge the hope that this
question may be settled, and that its settlement
may be regarded as a peace measure, and be the
harbinger of future successes to the great national
Democratic party of the country.
In that party I was born; in it I have spent my
better days; in it I expect to die; and if political
death should be my fate for this vote, my only
request is, that I may die m the Democratic party,
and have the ample folds of her patriotic banner
my winding-sheet. However, I fear no such con-
sequences. 1 represent an intelligent and patri-
otic people. To them I appeal for the rectitude
of my conduct; and to their decision I cheerfully
submit.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am reluctant to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but I desire tu know if he is
speaking by general consent?
[Ciies of " No ! no !"]
Mr. COX.. I yielded to my colleague.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But has the gentleman
wi" hdrawn the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I shall renew the call.
Mr. COX. I still hold the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman's col-
league is speaking by unanimous consent, I shall
not object.
[Loud cries of " Objcet! object'"]
Mr. COX. I have not lost the floor, but I have
given way for a moment to my friend.
Mr. GROW. Can the floor be farmed out ill
this way?
The SPEAKER.. Only so long as the House,
by its assent, permits it.
Mr. GROW. I object to the farming out of
the floor.
Mr. COX. I demand the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to allow me to give a notice in relation
to this matter.
Mr. COX. Oh, no; I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal to my colleague
to withdraw the demand, and let his colleagues
on this side of the House be heard.
