1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
them to-day or to-morrow, we must go on with
them.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I
object toth*> amendments being reported back.
{V| r. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report back
the amendments of the Senate to the mail steamer
appropriation bill. There are five amendments.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
that the House concur in one of them, which is
to strike out $120,000, and disagree to the others.
I move that the amendments be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now offer the
following resolution:
Hcsolvcd, That the House, or the Committee of the
Whole, if the Hou>e tdmll be m committee at the time, will
take a recess frouifouro'eloek,p. m.,ull six o'clock, p. 111.,
this day
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and others,
objected.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to suspend
the lules to enable me to introduce the resolution.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds having
voted therefor,) and the resolution was introduced.
Mr.. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to he put; and, under the
opeiation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to icconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. REILLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 394) for the relief of William
Compton, and to put it on its passage.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, I have no objec-
tion to giving way to one or two gentlemen to
take up cases to which there is no objection, and
on which there will be no debate.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is notagen-
tleman upon this floor but has some bill which he
desires to put upon its passage. I hope the pub-
he business will be first transacted, and then give
us all an equal chance.
TheSPEMvER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy
Jokes] for that purpose.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to give way to enable me
to make an effort to get up a public bill of great
intetest, upon which I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope we will proceed with
the public business, and finish if; and that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will either press
his motion, or give way, and let us take charge
of the business.
Mr. REILLY. Unless I am permitted to get
up my bill I shall objfet to every one.
The motion of Mr. .Tones was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (IVflf'.
Bocogk in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the Senate amendments to the ^ f
ARMY APPROPRIATION
Fortieth amendment:
Sfo *5 Jlml he it further enacted, Thnt the balances
ftoin ;ipp:oj)iiaU(>ii.-s foi preventing and supposing Indian
iiosnhiio, and tor navehng allowances to volunteers al-
icadv e^rmh'ri in pivm<Mitot Flo;ida volunteer-? called
into vtviee !>v the a'Uhomv of' the War Department, may
be anp'u'd. by'the accounting ofheors of The Treasury, to the
settlement of the accounts of the paymaster by whom said
iiaHiiee* «'<•><-• divbur-i'd
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Wcivs and Means recommend a noil-concurrence
in this amendment.
Mr. HAWKINS. I desire some information
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means on this subject.
Mr. J. GL \NCY JONES. I confess that there
is a great deal of difficulty in complying with the
gentleman's request. The amendment has come
to the Committee of Ways and Means without
being printed, or without a solitary paper or ex-
planation that I have been able to lay my hands
upon. The only information I have upon the sub-
ject is, that the State of Florida called out a num-
ber of volunteer companies during the Seminole
war. The State paid the expenses,and presented
the account as a claim against the United States
for services in that war. It has been pending be-
fore the War Department for a number of years,
and there has been a difficulty in getting at the
amount of the balance due. The difficulty arose
from the manner of enrollmgthe men. The papers
are not clear upon the subject The Department
was notsatisfied with the vouchers, and sent them
to us as they had them. The subject was before
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the ob-
jection made to them was that they were not ex-
plicit enough. The Senate, however, have put
the amendment into the bill, and it comes to this
House wiih no more light than we had before.
Mr. HAWKINS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
or not this has been recommended by the War
Department?
Mr. J. GLANCY .TONES. All that I can state
on that point is that the War Department has sent
in an estimate of the amount that will be neces-
sary to pay it. I am not certain as to whether
they recommend its pavment.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have now on my desk a
most positive recommendation from the Secretary
of War as to the payment of this amount, and I
would like to Inue it lead.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There is another
claim for Flmida volunteers; and inasmuch as
these amendments have not been printed, I may
be confounding one wiih the other.
Mr. HAWKINS. There was an item yester-
day m the Army appropriation bill for the pay-
ment of Florida troops, amounting to $3^5,000.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means adverted then to a letter purporting to be
from the Secretary of War, stating that besides
the amount of $385,000, *>200,000 more would be
necessary. The impression made on me, and on
the House, was that that claim was rejected by
the Committee of Ways and Means because the
vouchers were not. in form—because these claims
were presented to the Department informally, and
that therefore they ought not to be allowed. I
obtained, this morning, from the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate, a positive recommendation
from the Secretary of War that this amount
should be paid; and I here state that these troops
were not the troops of the State of Florida. They
were troops raised in Florida, however; but were
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States on the leqtusition of the Secretary of War.
There were ten companies of them. They set ved
their country faithfully, and brought the war to
a close by their gallantry; and now this debt is
due to them by this Government. Why, there-
fore, thi<? amendment should be recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means to be re-
jected, I do not know. I do not understand the
principle of morality by which an honest debt
should be thus summarily given the go-by. These
troops were as much entitled to their pay as any
troops in the regular Army. Indeed, the moment
they were mustered into the service of the coun-
try, they became a pait and paicel of the regular
Armv.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Were they not
paid by the State of Florida?
Mr. HAWKINS. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken m all this transaction. He has not made
himself acquainted with the true state of the case;
and it is of that I complain. I thought yesterday
that it was the amount of the debt that seemed
to stagger the Committee of Ways and Means.
Why, if the amount of a debt is to take away the
obligation to pay it, every man could very easily
pay his small debts and let his larger debts take
care of themselves. I now send to the Clerk "a desk
two papers, one from the Secretary of War, and
another fiom the Paymaster General, asking the
appropriation from the Committee on Finance for
the payment of these claims. It is an honest debt
due by the Government to these troops of Florida,
and I trust that, when the question comes up to
be voted on formally by the House, my remarks
will not be forgotten.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman allow
me to put an interrogatory to him ?
Mr. HAWKINS. Yes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to know whether
this claim was notformerly before the Committee
of Claims, and whether it was not rejected by all
the committees of the House?
Mr. HAWKINS. No, sir. There were other
claims of Florida volunteers before the commit-
tee, and those claims are now pending before Con-
gress.
Mr. GIDDINGS. This claim is a recent trans-
action ?
Mr. HAWKINS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. In what year did these
troops serve ?
Mr. HAWKINS. In 1856 and 1857.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is what I wanted to
get at.
Mr. HAWKINS. I would state to the gentle-
man from Ohio that these were troops brought
into service on the requisition of the President of
the United States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman inform
us why the proper Department has refused to pay
them ?
Mr. HAWKINS. It was owing simply to the
fact that the vouchers were not in proper order,
and did not conform, to the rigid requirements of
the various Departments. I ask that the letters be
read.
The letters were read, as follows:
WtR Department, Washington. June 3. 1858.
Sir: 1 have the honor to inclose herewith a communica-
tion Irotn the Paymaster General oi the Army, submitting
an estimate for the payment of the Florida volunteer?., called
into service by General Harney, and to request an appro-
priation m accordance with the suggestions* therein con-
trolled.
I am. sir, very respectfully, yonr obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
l]ov. It. M T LIcnter, Chairman Committee Financey
United States Senate.
P*lYmastfr General's Office, June 3, 1858.
Sir : t have the honor to report, agreeably to your direc-
tionv. that the regiments and the independent companies, of
Florida volunteer?, called into service by General Harney,
for the peuod of six months*, will requne for Uieir payment
$3«5,l)OU.
Upon the discharge of this force, ten companies were
mustered into service by Colonel Loomis, lor the same
period. These have been ordered to be discharged, with
the exception of two companies ; but the mu.-ter rolls have
not yet reached the Adjutant Geneial's office. Fiom the
be.n data to be obtained, it will require the further sum for
their payment of $140,000; making, for both serviced, the
sum of •*[•525.000.
In iiiv Conner estimate forthe payment of Florida volun-
teers. the sum of .$172,000 was asked for to refund to the
Treasury that amount, drawn from balances of old appro-
priation*, and expended m paying Florida volunteers for
Feiviees puor to this estimate, which were then supposed
to be applicable to tiiat object. But the accounting officeis
do not feel uuthonzed to credit the paymaster with the
amount di-lmised by him from said funds.
The balances referred to weie lorpreventing and sup-
pressing Indian hObtihtieV' ($130,000,} and for" traveling
allowance of volunteer*," (-40.000 )
If the §1/2 000 be added to the estimate, it will only be
with the view of lefunding thai amount to the Treasury,and
to enable the accounting officers to close the paymaster's
accounts.
I have the honor to be, respectfully, vour obedient ser-
vant, BENJAMIN F. LARNED,
Paymaster General.
Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, my
friend from Florida seems to be laboring; under
the impression that the Committee of Ways and
Means have not sufficiently investigated, or are
not fully posted, on this matter. Now, there 13
some truth in that allegation; and I wish to give
tiie reason of it. We have been in session six
months. This is an item charged against this
Government as long ago as 1855-56. The regu-
lar estimates for the year were made out by the
War Department; but no estimate for this reached
us from that time till after we had passed on the
Army bill and had reported it to the House. We
were then asked to take this up and oiler it as an
amendment to the bill. The only paper submitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means was a letter
from the Secretary of War, and perhaps another
paper connected with it, asking for the sum of
§38f),000 for those volunteers. It came to us at
so late a period that the committee had no time to
investigate the facts. The papers were then trans-
