2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
J
ferred to the Senate committee, and the Senate put
this amendment on the bill. I now ask to have
read the letter of the Secretary of War.
The letter was read, as follows:
War Department, Washington, June 9, 1858.
Sir: Upon consultation with the Paymaster General,
since I saw you tins morning, 1 find it wilt reqmre;$o2d,000
to pay the indebtedness of the Government to the Florida
volunteeis; and that tins so in is independent of the credit
of #172,000, which can be settled by transfer.
Very respectfully, voui obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
Hon. D. L. Yclee, United States Senate.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman,
that letter reached me yesterday, informing me
that a farther sum of $200,000 would be required
to pay the amount claimed for the Florida volun-
teers. I simply stated the fact yesterday after the
letter had reached me. I submitted all the facts
and all the light that the committee had. I wished
to make these remarks to show the gentleman
from Florida that it was no fault of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means; and that, if he or his
predecessor had brought this matter before the
Committee of Ways and Means, it would have
been investigated thoroughly,and reported upon.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I would like
to inquire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
or of the gentleman from Florida, under what law
or authority these volunteers were called out? I
understand that, by the act of 1795, the President
is authorized to call out the militia to repel for-
eign invasion; but that law does not confer on
him any power to call out volunteers; and, as 1
understand, the case of invasion did not arise :
here. A hostile movement of a tribe of Indians
within a State is not an invasion of the State.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I should have
stated that the investigation of this subject should
have been referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and not to the Committee of Ways and
M^ans.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was not concurred in.
Forty-first amendment:
Seo. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall bp lawful for
any commissioned officer oi the Army to administer the pre-
scribed oath of enlistment to recruits, provided there be no
civil magistrate authorized to administer the same within
reach.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend concurrence.
Mr. LETCHER. That proposition ought to
be amended so as to substitute in lieu of the words
" within reach" the words " where the service of
no magistrate can be obtained."
The amendment was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
Pec. 4. Be itfuither enacted, That there be appiopriated
out ot any money in the Trea*ury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for preparing for printing the drawing of the sanmg
chaits of the Behrin^'s Straits and northern Pacific explor-
ing and surveying expedition, under the eontiol and direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, but not foi printing tlie
tame, $'6,700.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Forty-third amendment:
Pec. 5 vSn.i be it further enacted, That the eleventh ppc-
tion of the act of March 3, 1847, entitled "An act making
provision for an additional number of general ofticeis and
for other purposes," which deprives sutleisof the Arniyof
the right to a hen on any part of the pay of a soldier, or to
appear at the pay-table to receive the soldier's pay from the
paymaster, be, and the same is hereby repealed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As the law now
stands, the sutler has no hen on the soldier's pay.
This amendment would give the sutler a lien on
the soldier for all his pay. It is considered a very
objectionable amendment, and the Committee of
Ways and Means, recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. CURTIS. There is no doubt the Senate
amendment is right, and I hope the House will
adopt it. This matter was before the Military
Committee, and they were unanimous in favor of
a law which would give the sutler a right to his
due, as this amendment of the Senate is designed
to do. As the law now stands, the soldier has
the power to cheat the sutler out of his just dues.
I hope, therefore, the amendment of the Senate
will prevail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why should
the sutler have more right than anybody else?
Mv. CURTIS. He is a useful agent, and a con-
venience to the Army, and has therefore been in-
corporated and recognized as a part of the mili-
tary organization; and he ought to be secured
from being defrauded in his just dues, as other
persons, in and out of the Army, are protected by
reasonable restraint or provisions of law. Such
provisions in regard to sutlers existed from the
early history of our country down to the year
1847, when the existing law was most unfortu-
nately interpolated, very much as this repealing
law is now fortunately attempted by this amend-
ment of the Senate. The sutler has to follow the
Army, where no other than military laws prevail;
and in such localities, as the law now stands,
when soldiers are discharged, they have the op-
portunity to receive their pay from the paymaster,
and leave the sutler to follow them to some un-
known place in the States, where civil laws would
be utterly unavailable. Sutlers are thus defrauded
of their just dues; and of my own knowledge, I
can say that many of them have been cheated out
of large amounts; and from easy circumstances,
some have been reduced to poverty. I am sure
that the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs will concur with me in urging the adop-
tion of the Senate amendment.
i The price of the articles furnished by the sut-
i lers is fixed by a board of officers in every regi-
| ment,and there is, therefore, full provision against
i tho-soJdier being cheated. There is no protection
for the sutier, and I am told by letters received
this winter, that soldieis boast of the number of
sutlers they have cheated. The adoption of the
Senate amendment will restore to sutlers a just
and reasonable remedy against such frauds, and
I am confident if the rules allowed a full state-
ment in regard to this matter, the Committee of
Ways and Means would recommend a concur-
rence in, and not a rejection of the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the first four lines of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call attention to the
fact that a bill for the relief of the sutlers of the
■ United States Army, reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs, some time last December,
stands second upon the Calendar of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. That
subject had been refered to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and they promptly and unani-
mously reported the bill I allude to. Most of the
members of that committee are military men,and
knowing the operation of the law, are in favor of
its repeal, m order to give the sutlers a lien upon
the soldier's pay. They believe that the repeal
would be of service to the soldier himself. The
arguments in favor of the proposition have been
submitted by my fuend from Iowa, [Mr. Cun-
tis. ]
There is a council of administration in every
regiment that fixes the price of every article
which the sutler supplies. There is a mischievous
propensity on the part of the soldiers of the reg-
; ular Army to run up accounts with the sutlers,
and then fail to pay the debts they have contracted.
' There is sometimes a sort of personal pride in
overreaching the sutler. They pay for tne con-
traband articles which they get outside as a debt
of honor, while they postpone and put off the hon-
est debt. The consequence is, that the council of
administration, in fixing the price of the sutler's
articles, increase the price because of the uncer-
tainty of his being paid. The articles are put at
a higher rate than they would he if this lien were
allowed. Besides, cash is frequently required
down, and thus the soldiers are deprived of many
of the conveniences and comforts which they can
only get from the sutler. These sutlers, indeed,
are necessary for distant posts, and there must
be a certainty of pay to induce them to take there
the conveniences and comforts required by the
soldiers. Under the Senate amendment they will
have to pay only the price fixed by their own offi-
cers, and when they are transferred from one post
to another the sutler's account will be transferred
with them, and be allowed on their pay-day. It is
only just that he should be allowed that whichlie
has advanced for the comfort of the soldier. The
matter has received the unanimousapprobation of
the Committee on Military Affairs. 'They reported
a bill, which is now second upon the Calendar of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but has been, like most other business
there outside of the appropriation bills, absorbed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones.]
Mr. LETCHER. This single illustration will
show some of the embarrassments and difficulties
which surround us who constitute the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Now, here is a prop-
osition which it seems is unanimously reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and placed
upon the Calender of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for consideration. We
never heard of it until now, and the first we do
hear of it, itcomes from the other end of the Cap-
itol, in an appropriation bill, to pass in the shape
of an amendment to the Army bill.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to say that I fully
concur with the gentleman from Virginia in his
opposition to putting extraneous matter upon the
I appropriation bills.
Mr. LETCHER. I do riot complain of the
distinguished gentleman at all, because I know
what his views are on that subject; but I refer to
this as one illustration to show the embarrass-
ments and difficulties which surround us in the
discharge of our duties.
In regard to the merits of this proposition upon
which I decided as I found it in that bill, I could
not see, and really do not see now, why a lien
should he given to a sutler upon the pay of the
soldier, for the grog of that soldier or any other
pecuniary obligation he contracts with an Army
sutler. I do not see why it should be given to
him and to no other creditor. lie may have cred-
itors for furnishing his family. Pic may have
creditors for furnishing other articles to himself,
and I cannot really see how the line of demarka-
tion can be drawn which would give to sutlers a
preference, or rather a lien on his pay, while it
would deny to every other creditor, who was as
fair a creditor, as just a creditor, as honest a cred-
itor, the same sort of hen for obligations due him.
Mr. CURTIS. The object is to induce the sut-
lers to carry these conveniences and necessaries
out to Army posts where there can be no compe-
tition and no sale for them. How could a soldier
now at Camp Scott receive little conveniences and
luxuries, except through the sutlers who have
followed the Army there? By giving them this
power to collect their debts, they are willing to
carry their articles to remote posts, where the
soldier could not otherwise be accommodated.
Mr. LETCHER. My idea about all that sort
of legislation is this, that where the relation be-
tween creditor and debtor is established, it is a
voluntary relation between the parties themselves;
and I do not like that system of legislation which
undertakes to say that that which has been a vol-
untary arrangement shall be made compulsory for
the benefit of one creditor to the exclusion of all
other creditors equally if not more meritorious.
Rut it is a matter which I care nothing about. If
it is acceptable to the Military Committee, it is
agreeable to me.
Mr. CURTIS. The sutler is just as much a
part and portion of the Army as the quartermas-
ter himself; and he is governed by rules and reg-
ulations peculiar to his branch of the service. He
is quite as necessary to furnish accommodations
to the sick, wounded, and weary, as any officer
of the Army.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to say oni
word in response to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi. I think the gentleman from Iowa and the
gentleman from Mississippi will do great good,
and help the Committee of Ways and Means in
their desire to occupy less of the time of the House,
if they would only join us in cutting off all legis-
lation matured by other committees. The great
consumption of time by the Committee of Ways
andiMeans arises from the fact that other com-
mittLaaoinstead of having their own bills legis-
latedupon, at the end of the session have them
( ingrafted upon the appropriation bills, without ex-
I planation or examination. The only remedy is,
j for them to join the Committee of Ways and
i! Means in striking out everything coming from
j! other committees, unless they are germane to the
]i bill.
i] Mr. CURTIS. I make no objection to this
ii matter, coming from the Committee of Ways and
j| Means as it does; but I am satisfied that, if they
j| understood this matter, they would be satisfied of
1! the beneficial operation of this amendment.
