1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire,
before we take the vote on this bill, frankly to
state the objections I have to it. The bill does
substantially submit the Lecompton constitution
to a vote of the people of Kansas, notwithstanding
the declaration of my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] and notwithstanding the declarations
which have been made in another place, that in
the drafting of this bill there was an attempt to
preserve the principle of non-submission. If you
were to put to the people of Kansas the proposi-
tion that the moon was made of green cheese, and
say to them that they might take the question of
admission with that proposition, and if they voted
in the affirmative on that proposition, theyshould
be admitted under the Lecompton constitution;
but if they voted in the negative on that proposi-
tion, the Lecompton constitution should be con-
sidered dead, it does not require any very severe
logic to deduce the conclusion that, in fact, they
had an opportunity, through an immaterial propo-
sition, to vote on the question of admission.
But I object to the manner of submission. It seems
to save the pulses of gentlemen here at the ex-
pense of the history of the country, and at the
expense of the sense of the people of Kansas. You
require them to vote for the rejection of this prop-
osition, which is immaterial in itself, and to con-
ceal the fact that they are voting against the Le-
compton constitution. Why take this course? What
motive have you to-day, except that, by the man-
ner of this proposition, you seek to conceal from
the country that you, who vault so high, have, in
fact, come down ?
To another branch of that report I am determ-
inedly opposed, because it presents a condition
that is degrading to the people of the North. I ask
the people of the South to hear me. We of the
slaveholdmg States are in this Chamber in a mi-
nority of fifty. Suppose that this Lecompton
constitution, instead of introducing a slave State,
introduced a free State* and that the majority of
the representatives of this country had sent that
constitution baclrwith this immaterial proposition
attached to it, saying to the people of Kansas,
t( take these lands, and you can come in as a free
State; but if you attempt to come here with a ;
slave State constitution, you mast come ' under a ,
legal census,' showing ninety-three thousand jn- j
habitants: come here with a slave constitution, j
and you must show regular papers;" would not:
my fellow-citizens of the slaveholding States have '
rejected such a proposition with indignation and
scorn ? By what sort of ethics, in this council of !
equals, can we, v/ho are legislating for all sections, ;
attempt to propose one thing to the North, which j
we would consider ourselves insulted by if pro- '
posed to the South? Sir, the men who send me (
here do not send mo here to play the sectionalist; I
they do not send me here as a steward to see how \
much I can get for the stave Slates, aiid how much I
can wrest fiom the fee States. Whenever they
want to degrade me to that position, I shall be
here no longer. I have learned in the school of
morals m which I was raised, that, among equals,
it is not fair and proper to propose what you would
not be willing to accept; and, as a southern man
—no, not as a southern man, for I never claimed
to be a southern man—but as a western man, as
a citizen belonging to that section of the country
which has a minority, by representation, upon
this floor, I am unwilling to lay down a rule of
action which m its sequences offers nothing but
sackcloth and ashes to my people.
And when you men of the South apply this rule
to the North, how can you, when the next case ,
arises m this country of a similar nature, resist i
the application of the same rule? With what face ;
will you stand up and complain of any inequality |
which may be attempted to be enforced upon you !
by a majority of the representatives of this coun- '
try ? They will refer you to your own act, your !
own vote, as having established the precedent, i
What opportunity would you have to escape from ,
the consequence of this act ? :
Gentlemen h uga delusion to their bosoms, when :
they suppose that under tins bill, animated by a ■
desire to have this grant of land, or to acquire mi - \
mediate political position, the people of Kansas ;
will be induced to accept this proposition, and j
that we shall then have a summer's sea before us. j
This is a sheer delusion. Kansas will reject this '
proposition. If you are prudent men, reason with J
me upon the supposition of its rejection, and look ;
then to the consequences which are to flow from
that fact.
What will those consequences be ? Every free
State of this Union will atonce arouse itself tore-
peal the disabling part of this very bill. All thesluiccs
of that pernicious agitation which has flowed over
this country like lava for years past, will be re-
opened. Repeal will be the shibboleth of party in
the next election of the North. The free States
will say to you, in April Kansas had population
enough to be a slave State; in December following
she has population enough to be a free State. So
help me God! if I were a northern man I should
feel it my duty to open that direct attack. I would
feel that you had attached a condition to the pas-
sage of this measure which degraded me from that
equality about which you know we have talked so
much, and upon which we have insisted so strictly.
And until that equality was restored, I should ex-
ert myself, were I a northern man, up to the full
point of my capacity to have it restored by all
legitimate means.
What wiil be the next effect? This House will,
in the next Congress, be filled by men sent here
to rectify this wrong, and the South will be com-
pelled to accede to that demand or to resist. Her
pride may be wounded; her sensibilities are to be
affected; and then the next movement of those
who play to her piejndices will be to drag her
over the precipice of disunion, in that moment
when she smarts under the eficct of stung and
wounded pride. It is exactly because I see these
consequences ahead, that I am to-day fum and
I steady m opposition. 1 look forward on the path be-
| fore us, and I see it leads to that alternative which
| I have said is most likely to occur, and my duty
and patriotism alike demand that I should resist
this bill,and advocate that equality which is equity
between all sections of my country. I take that
position, and cheerfully I shall rest upon it, sat-
isfied that I am right, and I shall be sustained in
by a patriotic constituency.
Sir, it were bootless to return to the Senate bill;
but, as I am upon the floor, I will recapitulate in
brief terms—for I do not want to detain the House
—the heads and points upon which my own opin-
ions have turned thus far, and by which my course
has been guided. I heaid the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. StlpheksJ yesterday propound the
question to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
D\ms] whether he believed the Territorial Legis-
lature which called the convention in Kansas
had the power to call a convention? I do not j
know what response was made, but I desire to j
say to the gentleman from Georgia, and to the j
country, that that very point is the hinging point !
upon winch my convictions on this matter turn. J
I do not believe that the Territorial Legislature |
possessed the power to initiate a convention to -
such a degree as to bind cither Kansas or the j
Congress of the United Stales. 1 believe that !
when that convention was assembled, and when :
it had drafted a constitution, the want of the pre- j
assent of Congress prevented the instrument from
binding Congress; and if it did not bind Congress,
it could not bind the people of Kansas. If 1 had
time, 1 could demonstrate that proposition. And,
sir, when the people of Kansas sent up to us,
through her Delegate upon this floor, who has a
legal sUUus here, by the resolutions of her Legis-
lature, which is a legal body—through her vote
on the 4th of January, regular or irregular—
through the territoiial Governor, who was the
Federal appointee — and through the territorial
Secretary—through, all these channels the clear,
distinct declaration, " we are not willing that
this constitution shall be the fundamental, pohti- lj
cal law of the State;" believing as I did, and as I j;
yet do, that the Legislature which initiated it had ];
no legal right to do so, that the President who <■
consented had no jurisdiction, and therefore his |
consent yielded no additional power, I felt myself j
bound to pause, and listen to the voice of the •'
people. Sir, no specious sophistries could di«?- :
suade me, and no casuistry betray me. After all, i
it finally comes to this, whether we are to obey I1
the dictum of the convention or the will of the ,
people. While I had liberty to act, while it was :
within my congressional function to act, I did not ;;
hesitate to take that position which had a tend- ;
ency to give the fairest chance to the people of Kan-
sas to make a constitution to suit themselves, before
establishing relations with them by law, under !|
which relations I might be called upon next week j;
to compel them, by force of arms, to obey that in-
strument as their constitution.
( But, sir, I will not dwell on the Senate bill, or
| the amendment of the House, but shall confine
I myself to this repott. We have had a confer-
ence; and I say that, in my opinion, the confer-
ees have submitted the question so that the peo-
ple of Kansas may get hold of it, but can get hold
of it only at the expense of stultifying themselves.
I It is accompanied with a disabling act, which, in
I my opinion, makes an invidious distinction be-
| tween the free and the slave States of the country
j in regard to their institutions, which will have a
i tendency to wound the pride of the majority, and
I to establish a rule of action that it is unsafe for us
j to pursue. We, who belong to that section of the
i country that is in a minoiity of representation,
! ought to be wonderfully carcful that, whenever
j we lnstiiutea rule of action here, it shall be based
j upon immutable principles of justice and consti-
tutional right.
Now, sii, without wishing to detain the House,
i I plant myself upon these propositions as indi-
! eating the reasons why I oppose this bill. Let us
1 have another conference, if you please. Strike off
1 that disabling act and leave the enabling act, and
it will come sufficiently close to the Crittenden-
: Montgomery amendment for me to vote for it;
; because what I wanted.at the commencement, and
what 1 want at the close, is a fair settlement of the
, Kansas difficulty. I do not want, and never have
wanted, to leave the Kansas difficulty open. Had
a majority of the members of this House been of
my opinion at the start, I would have laid down
the principle that no State should be admitted into
1 the Union without sufficient population—upon a
legal census—for proper representation. I would
have settled that point at the commerietflftent, and
I would have guided myself by it in the case of
, Kansas; but there is scarcely any one here of my
way of thinking. I would lather go back to that
i rule and now establish it, immutably, if it were
j possible, establish it as the rule for the future,
| rather than any other rule. I know I cannot find
! other advocates of it; on the contrary, it is pro-
\ posed to bring in Kansas with a population of
| forty, fifty, or sixty thousand people—I do not
i know how many there are, but I do not think
I there are over forty thousand; I have never seen
j any mode of calculation that would make her pop-
! uiation more than forty thousand. Some gentle-
man said this morning that Govei nor Walker
thinks she will have a population of ninety-three
thousand by the fall. I do not know what his
calculations are, or how fast immigration is going
there. But, if she must be admitted, the plain,
fair, equitable proposition is the proposition of
the Crittenden-Montgomery amendment Gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House, who voted
for that proposition, voted for it with their eyes
i open. They voted for it not only as an amend-
' ment, but they voted for it to make it an act of
: Congress. They did so, well understanding that
j it embraced the principle that if it was the wiil of
1 the people of Kansas that she should be a slave
( State, th<^y conceded that she should be.
j Mr. BURNETT. Will my colleague allow
1 me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, sir; I
shall get through directly.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague does not
represent the gentlemen on the other side cor-
rectly.
Several Voices on the Republican side. s< Yea
he does."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will yield
to any interruption from any member of the Re-
publican party who wants to rise and contradict
the statement.
Mr. BURNETT. Why will not the gentle-
man yield to me, one of his colleagues, to put a
question to gentlemen upon the other side?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Becausc I
do not want to be interrupted—because I am not
making a speech here for party effect upon the
country. I repeat to my colleague, and I repeat
it to the American people, here in my place, that
if there is in this Hall a member ofthe Republican
party who did not fully and entirely understand,
when lie voted for the Crittenden-Montgomery
proposition, that he was assuming the position
which I have stated, he can rise in his place and
contradict me.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker 
