1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
will finish my explanation. I wish to say to the
gentleman, that to all cases properly brought into
this House,and properly referred to us, there has
been,and there will be, properattention paid; but
this is a claim which has been referred to the Court
of Claims, and adjudicated there upon legal prin-
ciples. Now, I hold that the proper way to act
upon the matter is to repeal the statute of limita-
tions, if you are not going to carry it out. The
statute, so long as itremains, is for our guidance.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think the
gentleman's remark is entitled to great consider-
ation; in fact, that his remark indicates the proper
direction we should take.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. It appears, from
the statement of the gentleman from Ohio, who
is a member of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, that these claimants are heirs of a revo-
lutionary soldier. Has it not been decided by the
Supreme Court of the United States, or was it not
the opinion of the Attorney General, thatthe heirs
of revolutionary soldiers who did not claim a pen-
sion, are not entitled to it; thatitwas personal in
its character?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This is not
the case of a pension. A pension is a gratuity.
This is a debt which is prosecuted here, and you
are asked to plcodthe statute oflimitations against
it.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. It was for ser-
vices rendered as a soldier in the war.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This man
was entitled to half pay for life, under the resolu-
tion of 1780. After he had rendered the service,
after he had become entitled to the pension ofhalf
pay for life, Congress passed an act giving him a
certain commuted legal amount in lieu of that half
pay, agreeing, if he presented that claim to the
Treasury within one year from the passage of the
act, to acknowledge the claim and pay the money.
It is a debt, then, and no gratuity. This man, in
his lifetime, did not present the claim. You may
say it was not a debt. If it was not, then the
heirs of this man are entitled to a pension equal
to half pay for life.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio that while
a law exists upon tile statute-book, the law should
be enforced. Hence I say that the Court of Claims
could do no less than to apply the law, and there-
fore properly turned the claim over to us. But
we are not bound by the law. We are a high
court, and make a law for ourselves. The man
comes here with his claim, and I say that it rests
upon the same equity upon which we have here-
tofore allowed thousands of claims. Why not
allow it to this man? Does it lie in our months
to say that we intend to be bound by the statute
of limitations—that we intend to observe the stat-
ute of limitations—that we intend to shelter our-
selves under the statute of limitations of 1774,
while we have been acting on another practice
from the foundation of the Government down to
the present time ?
I will answer, in another observation, one of the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
and the same answer will apply to the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Wright.] He says that the
old man died sixty-five years ago, and that the
applicants here are his heirs. Do not the people
of his part of the country pay heirs or adminis-
trators the debts they honestly owed to the man
when he was alive ? This is a debt, or it is not
anything.
This applicant does not come here for a pension.
He docs not ask a gratuity. He is claiming your
bond; and you are attempting to intervene be-
tween your bond and its payment—to intervene a
plea which no man in this House would setup in
a court of justice.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am not sure that I under-
stand the resolution; whether it is to refer the
report to the Court of Claims or to a committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The matter pending before
the House is a report of the Court of Claims on
a case decided in that court; and the motion is,
that the committee repoit it to the House, with a
recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I think that a very improper
reference. You are going to refer to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims the decision of a
court, the propriety and legality of which decis-
ion has not yet been assailed by any one on this
floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I understand
that this motion also carries the case—not the
report alone, but the whole case—to the commit-
tee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair certainly un-
derstands that the reference of the report carries
with it all the papers in the case; but the report
is the matter on which the House is called to act.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The motion
refers the whole case on the merits to the com-
mittee.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I suppose that the report car-
ries with it all the matter of law. I do not un-
j derstand that it carries with it anything beyond
j what accompanies the .decision of the Court of
| Claims. The act of Congress prescribes what
| shall accompany their decisions.
Mr. Chairman, I think that the object which
the friends of the measure have in view can be
better reached by them in another way. I sup-
pose that the Court of Claims acted right in this
matter; and I understand gentlemen to acknowl-
edge that, under the law, the court could come to
no other conclusion. If we concur in the report,
this memorialist can apply again to Congress, and
not to the Court of Claims. He can apply where
he will not be fettered by legal restraints—such as
the statute oflimitations. He can have his peti-
tion referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, or Revolutionary Pensions, or spme other
committee; and he can then have it considered on
its merits, free from the difficulties connected with
the adverse report from the Court of Claims.
I do not understand any gentleman to assert
that the action of the Court of Cbims precludes,
I in any manner, the action of Congress. On the
contrary, the act of Congress establishing the
| Court of Claims prohibits a reconsideration by
! that court on the same evidence originally before
: it; but any attempt of a prior Congress to impede
] the action of a future Congress would be inoper-
j ative, and is not attempted here. I appeal, then,
i to my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,]
! who seems to take an interest in this claim, to
| consider whether or not the best method of having
i this question considered on its merits is not to let
] the report of the Court of Claims be concurred in,
i the correctness of the decision being uniformly
| admitted to be correct. Let this memorialist come
i to-day to Congress with another application, and
! it can then be considered on its merits,
j Mr. COVODE. I have been informed that, if
! Congress confirms the decision of the Court of
i Claims—that court not having examined the case
i on its merits, but referred to the Marnay case—
the claimant will not be permitted to come here
[! again. That would settle the business.
I Mr. FLORENCE. Let me ask a question of
j, both my colleagues. Do not all of these papers
h go from this House, without special reference, to
i J the Court of Claims ? Was this case not referred
j| at the end of last session of Congress? or was it
j! referred by resolution, and with the consent of
ij the paity, to the Court of Claims ?
: Mr. PHILLIPS. The application was made
1 directly to the Court of Claims. I have the peti-
, tion in my hand. My colleague is mistaken in
i supposing that it was referred to the Court of
j Claims by the House.
j Mr. FLORENCE. That was my recollection
I of it; and I supposed ithad gone without the con-^
| sent of the party.
I Mr. PHILLIPS. The recollection of my col-
league seems to be in error. I hold m my hand
the original application, and it is directed to the
judges of the Court of Claims. Now the court
did not consider the merits of the case. It did
not stop to inquire whether the claim was well-
founded or not; because it found a stubborn prin-
ciple of law in the way—the statute of limitations;
and the court expressly says so.
Now, I hold that, if we concur in the report,
that does not prevent the memorialist from apply-
ing again. I hold in my hand the act of Congress
establishing the Court of Claims; and my colleague
[Mr. Covode] will find from it that the restraint
is only on action by the court itself. I think that,
with the adverse report on the merits made by the
honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
ion] on a former occasion, and with this adverse
report from the Court of Claims on a legal point
—the correctness of which no one questions—we
ought not to reverse this report, or to refer it to
any committee with a view to its reversement,
on grounds other than those on which the report
itself is based.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that in this case the petition was addressed di-
rectly to the Court of Claims.' I believe that,
under the law, petitions are referred, by order Of
the House, to that court; so that petitions come
before them, in some instances, by direct appli-'
cation, and in others by reference from either
House. When an applicationis made to the Court
of Claims, and a report thereon, either favorable
or unfavorable, is sent to the House, I understand
that to be equivalent to the presentation of the pe-
tition to the House, with the recommendation or
report of the court, either for or against.
Now, sir, in this case of Stokely, I understand
that it is, in substance and ineffeet, before us .here
as the petition of Stokely. And, sir, I hold that
he has a right to bring before Congress propejc
matter for its consideration; that he has a right,
through the Court of Claims, to present his peti-
tion here; that he has a right to have it acted upon
by the House; and thatthe House is bound, mor-
ally bound, to act upon it. It is a rule which
should be always observed, to have his petition
referred to a committee of the House; otherwise,
you substantially deny his right of petition. That
is what it comes to. If we say that, by the inter-
vention of the Court of Claims, and by the effect
of the law precluding claims from coming'-a sec-
ond time before Congress, individuals shall not
have their measures presented to a committee,"
and developed and presented to the House to be
acted upon, we do substantially deny the right of*
petition, and deny to individuals the right to come
before Congress with their claims for relief.
Now, sir, with these views, and I believe they
are correct, I hold that if anyone individual mem-
ber of the House moves to refer one of these ad-
verse reports to a committee of the House, the
House is bound to make the reference; and the
only question is as to which is the appropriate
committee; and that question is only debatable as
to the propriety of the reference. All other de-
bate is out of order. I hope the Chair will so rule
in this case, and m all other cases which may arise
in the disposition of these adverse reports of the
Court of Claims. If we go on to discuss this
case upon its merits, without the evidence before
us, we shall either be compelled to decide against
the petitioner without evidence, or else we shall
refer it to a committee; and when they have re-
ported it back, this discussion must be had over
and over again.
Now, sir, the only just and reasonable ruling,
and the only ruling which will secure early action
upon the Private Calendar, is that these adverse
reports shall only be regarded as petitions, and as
such, shall be referred,as a matter of right, if any
gentleman desires it, to one of the committees of
the House, to be by them reported back to the
House.
Mr. POTTLE. I know that this question Viaa
been discussed at such great length thatthe House
is tired of it, and-that whatever may be said will
meet with but little favor. But* sir, it is an im-
portant question, establishing the law not only
for this case, and for all the cases which we now
have before us, but establishing a precedent for
all cases of the same class that shall be reported
by the Court of Claims to this House. In regard
to the merits of this particular claim, I know-
nothing whatever, and I do not consider that its
merits are legitimately within the scope of this
debate. It is simply a question whether,upon a
report from the Court of Claims that they have
been prevented from an examination into the
merits of the case by the statute of limitations,
whether, upon such a,report sent back to this
House, we are to consider it an end of the claim,
or whether it shall be referred to some committee
of this House for investigation ? Sir, I consider,
as I said before, that the whole question is to be
settled by our deliberations in reference to this
particular case, and that it shall not be settled
without deliberation.
I think that several of the gentlemen who have
addressed the committee upon this subject—and
I refer particularly to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox]—have entirely misunderstood the posi-
tion of the House. If I understand it, if we are
to be confined strictly to technical rules of law in
the decision of these cases, we should have noth-
ing to decide, for the cases that may be settled
