1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2907
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I wish to amend
the amendment of the Senate by adding- to it this
proviso:
Provided, That there shall be no lien upon the wages? of
the soldier for any sum due by him to a sutlei for any spirit-
uous liquor, or other intoxicating liquor sold 01 furnished to
him.
It is probably true, as has been stated by my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and by the gentleman from Iowa, that it
is proper that a lien should be given to the sutler
for supplies furnished to soldiers for necessaries
which are essential to their comfort at remote
posts. I have no doubt that the failure to give
that lion results in the manner in which my friend
from Mississippi states: that it increases the cost
of articles of real necessity for the soldiers. It
may he proper, therefore, that thus far the law
which has been referred to, should be repealed.
But according to my notions, that lien should ex-
tend no further than to such accounts as grow out
of the supply of actual necessaries. So far as to
accounts which might grow out of sales ofliquors
to them, I have this to say: we all know the weak-
ness of many of our common soldiers, and their
habits in relation to intoxicating drinks; and we
are all aware of the temptation in the way of sut-
lers to make money by furnishing them with ex-
cessive supplies of articles of that description.
Mr. QUITMAN. In the abstract I concur with
the position of the gentleman from Louisiana, but
I rise to state the fact that in nineteen twentieths
of the Army, the sale of liquor is entirely forbid-
den. Tiie commanding generals forbid the sale
of liquois, and where forbidden of course no lien
arises from the sale of articles which are held in
the nature of contraband. In the army of Mexico
the sale of liquors was generally forbidden. Only
General Wheat allowed soldiers to drink as much
as they pleased, but if he found a soldier drunk
he punished him very severely. I desired only
to say that the amendment of the gentleman, of
which I am in favor, is applicable to but a very
few cases in the Army.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Before offering
my amendment I made the inquiry whether it
was the practice of sutlers to sell liquors. I was
informed by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs that there were instances in which
it was done. It is a permission liable to abuse,
and may be taken advantage of by sutlers to the
great injury of the soldier. I would have no ob-
jection to the adoption of the principle involved in
the Senate amendment so far as relates to the real
necessaries purchased by the soldier, as it would
operate, I have no doubt, to cheapen ail the arti-
cles he might really require, but I would extend
it no further than this, and therefore hope that
the proviso presented by me may be ingrafted on
the Senate amendment, if it is to become a law,
so that the soldier may be protected from the
effects of his own imprudence so far as* relates to
the indulgence of his appetite for liquor, and that
a motive for gratifying improperly this appetite ;
may not be furnished to the sutler.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The law now pro-
posed to be repealed by the Senate amendment
was passed in 1847—eleven years ago; and this
is the first intimation I ever heard that it was
wrong, or had any wrong tendency in practice.
That law was passed for the protection and for
the benefit of the old soldiers, who get but the
small pittance of nine dollars a month, I believe,
while the one which is now proposed to be passed,
abolishing that law, is, in its effect, for the benefit
of the sutlers, and nobody else. If you continue
that law of 1847 in force, what will be the effect
of it' rt will be that the sutler credits the soldier
at his own risk. If, then, he will not credit the
soldier because he cannot compel the old soldier
to pay him a portion of his small pittance, let him I
refrain from crediting him. Let the sbldier get 1
his money, and then let the sutler sell to the sol- j
dier for the money. "Who will he injured by this ? J
The whole credit system, I have no doubt, has a i
tendency to make the cost of articles vended to ]
the soldiers much greater than they would be if !
they were to be paid for at the time they were ;
sold. j
But, sir, what justice, what propriety is there !
in giving the sutler a lien upon the wages of the 1
soldier, any more than there is in giving a hotel :
keeper, or a boarding-house keeper, in this city, j
a lien upon the compensation of members of Con- '
gress, or of giving to the various persons who
credit the clerks here in the Departments, a hen
upon the salaries of these clerks? What more
justice is there in giving sutlers a lien upon the
soldiers' wages than there would be in giving per-
sons in this city a lien upon the compensation of
the various employes of the Government in this
city and throughout the country ? The law of
1847 was intended for the benefit of the soldiers,
and, so far as I know or believe, it has worked
well, and has been salutary in its operations since
its passage, and I can see no good that can result
to anybody by its repeal, unless it is to the sutler.
The sutler is a favored, a privileged individual at
best, because when he gets the appointment to
keep and sell these articles to the Army at a post,
no other person can keep them at that post, as I
understand the regulations. Why, then, should
you allow him a mortgage on the wages of his
customers? I hope the House will reject the
whole thing.
The amendment of Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana,
was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Forty-fourth pmendment:
Sec 6. And be it farther enacted, That nil the existing
law*, or parts of laws, which authorize the salt; of military
sues which are or may become useless for military pur-
pose?, i>e, and the same are herebv, repealed ; and said lands
shall not he subject to sale or preemption undei any ot the
laws of the United Status : Provided further, That the pio-
viMons of the act of August 18,3856, telative to certain les-
ervations in the State of Fionda, shall continue m force.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That amendment
forbids the sale of military sites hereafter unless
provided for by legislation. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The forty-fifth,
forty-sixth, and forty-seventh amendments of
the Senate ielate to the same subject; and I a&k
that they be read and considered together.
There being no objection, the amendments were
read, as follows:
Forty-fifth amendment:
Siec. 7. And be 11 futiher enacted. That the second sec-
tion of the act of the 3d of Maicii, entitled •' An act
to found a military a-vluin fot the tehef and support ot in-
valid and di-ablod >oldiei>oi'the Ann> of the United States,'"
be so amended as to tedueo the number of comnns^ioneis
authorized b> that section to three, to consist ot tiie Com-
nnsaaiv General of Subsistence, the Surgeon Geneial, and
Adjutant Geneial, any two of whom shall be a quotum for
the transaction of business, whose duty it shall bo to ex-
amine and audit the accounts of the treusuier quaiter-
annually. and to visit and inspect said asylum at least once
in every month ; tills section to take effect from and after
the 1st day of July, 1858.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the benefits of
the said act shall be extended so a<? to include invalid and
disabled soldiers of the war of 1812, and of all subsequent
wais, subject only to the restriction m the proviso ot the
fourth scction of said act; this section to take effect fiom
and after the 1st day of July, 1858.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 9 And be it further enacted. That all pensioners on
account of wounds or disability, incurred m the military >ei-
vice, shall transfer and surrender then pensions to tiie in-
stitution, for and dunng the time they remain therein, and
voluntarily continue to receive its benefits; this section to
take effect from and after the Iht day of July, 1853.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Tiie forty-fifth
amendment reduces the number of commission-
ers. The forty-sixth amend men t extends the pi iv-
lleges of the asylum to all* soldiers disabled or
wounded in the war of 1812. The forty-seventh
amendment proposes that they shall surrender
their pensions during the time they are in the mil-
itary asylum. These amendments appear to have
originated with the Mihtaiy Committee of the
Senate. It is a revision of the pension laws. It
may, perhaps, be a good reform, but it is legisla-
tion upon a very impnrtantsubject; and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were called upon to
pass upon it without a single paper or estimate, or
any information except what appears upon the
face of it. We are of opinion that it is legislation,
and should be presented to the House in some
other shape, and from some other committee: or,
at all events, that it should be examined. It may
be meritorious; but, under the circumstances, the
Committee of Ways and Means rccommend a
non-concurrence.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the deduction of
twenty-live cents per month from the pay of every non-
commissioned officer, musician, artificer, and private in the
Army, shall be reduced to twelve and a half cents a month;
this section to take effect from and after the 1st day of July,
1858.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Under the present
law,twenty-Jive cents a month is paid by the sol-
diers of the Army for an asylum fund. This
amendment proposes to reduce that amount from
twenty-five cents to twelve and a half cents per
month. The Committee of Ways and Means
know of no reason why this should be done.
They had no information on the subject, and rec-
ommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Sec. 11. And be it further cn acted. That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay, out of the un-
expended balance of the appropriation for the war debt of
the State of California, made by the la^t section of the act
approyed August 5, 1854, entitled " An act making appro-
priations lor the support of the Army for the year ending
30th June, 1855," any outstanding and unpaid bonds and
coupons issued by &aid State for said war debt prior to the
passage of said act, but bearing date subsequent to the 1st
day of Jannaiy, 1854 : Pi-ovidcd, That no payment fhall be
made beyond the unexpended amount of said appropriation
now remaining m the Treasury.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is the last
amendment to the Army appropriation bill. The
California war debt, with which the House is
familiar, has been adjusted and paid by that State.
By the act of 5th August, 1854, a certain amount
| of money was appropriated by Congress to reim-
i burse the State of California for the war debt,
j There was a proviso to that bill, which compelled
I them not to cxcccd the sum appropriated in that
I act. The Secretary of War was directed to ex-
! amine into and ascertain the amount of expense
incurred and actually paid by the State of Cali-
fornia in the suppression of Indian hostilities
within that State, prior to the 1st of January, 1854.
It turned out, in the adjustment of these accounts,
that some few of the debts accrued subsequent to
the 1st of January, 1S54. The main bulk of the
debts had accrued prior to that time, but as the
j limitation in that act confined the payment to ex-
! penses incurred prior to that date, the accounting
] officers of the Treasury could not pay the other
| expenses, although the sum appropriated was
' sufficient to cover them all.
The object of this amendment is to enable the
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay the
debts which accrued subsequent to the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1854, with a proviso limiting them to the
amount already appropriated. There does not
appear to be any objection to the amendment, ex-
cept that it is legislation upon a very important
subject. I have examined the question, and, so
far as my information goes, I believe the amend-
ment to be right. The Committee of Ways and
Means, however, recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
the committee rise, and report the amendments to
the House, with its action thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to the Army appro-
priation bill, and had directed him to report the
same back to the House, with a recommendation
that some of said amendments be concurred in,
and others non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question upon the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union with reference
to the first and second amendments of the Senate
was concurred in.
The third amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
Stuke out the following paragraph ;
*• For the alteration of old aims, so as to make them
breech-loading arms, in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the Secretaiy ot War. ffl00.000."
And insert in heu thereof the following:
For the purchase of breech-loading carbines of the best
model, to be selected and approved by a board of ordnance
officer*. $45,000.
