1884
TJJJS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. MARSHALL, of XCcntucky. Certainly,
sir.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to say that
I agree in every particular with the sentiment just
uttered by the gentleman from Kentucky, and I
will say, that so far as my knowledge extends,
every Republican member of the House read,
carefully considered, and pondered over the Crit-
tenden amendment, and voted for it -with his
eyes open; but with the distinct understanding
that the gentlemen from the free States, belonging
to the Democratic party, had pledged to us their
faith and honor that they only wanted a fair,
straightforward, open opportunity to carry out
their principle of popular sovereignty in Kansas,
and that they would stand by ami adhere to the
proposition made in that amendment. Relying
with implicit faith upon this understanding, we
voted for the amendment, and have steadily ad-
hered to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask my colleague—for I
know he does not want the facts to go to the coun-
try with a misunderstanding—to let me propound
a question to the gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Why, the
gentleman will have an opportnnity after I am
done.
Mr. BURNETT. But I cannot get it into your
speech. My colleague allows Black Republicans
to make explanations, but will not allow his own
colleague to ask even a single question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will yield
to the senior member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
who is a member of the Republican party, as we
all know.
Mr. Q|DDINGS. It is probably known, Mr.
Speaker, that I was about the last to go into the sup-
port of that Crittenden-Montgomery amendment;
and I assure the gentleman from Kentucky, T as-
sure the members of this House and the country,
that the only inducement that I had to go for it
was that I understood—I did not hear it myself
—but I understood that every gentleman belong-
ing to the Douglas wing of the Democratic party
stood pledged to the country and to themselves
and to their constituencies, to stand by that prop-
osition forever.
[Loud cries from the Republican side of the
House of "That is true !"
Mr. Giddings was here taken with sudden in-
disposition, and was carried out of the Hall in a
fainting condition.]
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
man from Kentucky 
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I understand
the object of the gentleman from Ohio, which is to
rectify my statement in regard to his wing of the
Democratic party. I think the gentleman cswi as
easily fix that matter when I get through, as now.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood the gentleman
from Kentucky to yield the floor to me.
Mr. COX. I appeal to the gentleman as a mat-
ter of personal courtesy.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Ohio will have an opportunity after I
have concluded what I have to say.
Mr. BURNETT. I want the fact to go to the
country that my colleague declines to yield for
correction.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It may go
to the country that his colleague declines, and it
may go to the country that his colleague has the
floor here—this House having voted down the de-
mand for the previous question—but that the gen-
tleman voted for it. It may go that his colleague
does not want to occupy much time, but wants "the
facts and reasons to go to the country, which will
justify his action and disarm those men who have
set upon him in the country, because, forsooth,
lie voted with the Black Republican party. Sir,
I am here to-day to say that upon such a vote,
whenever cast and whenever to be cast, I will
stand with the Black Republican party, or any
other party that has the patriotism arftl the hon-
esty to cast it.
Sir, yoti and I have served in this Hall long
enough for you to know that I am committed to
the line of policy upon which I have acted in this
matter; and committed to it, 1 am proud to say,
irrevocably, i would like to know whether, with
the principles which we have ever contended for,
which we contended for in 1850, which are con-
tained in your Cincinnati platform, contained in
the American platform, and in whatever else you
have covered under the title of popular sover-
eignty—to wit: that the will of the people in each
locality should determine their own institutions,
whether slave or free—any sane man could expect
me to vote otherwise than as I have voted? When
these men from the North come up and patrioti-
cally give their votes for that principle, why is it
that they are taunted with the epithet of Black Re-
publicans? What more do you want than the
principle for which they voted? What more have
you ever demanded ? What other principle have
we ever stood upon than the very principle which
that vote asserted ? We have stood upon it be-
cause it reached a platform upon which every
honest man, from every section of this country,
could stand. That vote fulfilled the conditions
of your platform touching the slavery issue. It
filled my platform; it filled the platform of all of
us who advocated the principle of popular sov-
i ereignty in the true meaning of that term. And
' what do you now propose ?
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker •
[Calls to order.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I decline to
yield the floor.
Mr. COX. 1 wish to say 
[Cries of " Order! order! order!"]
Mr. PALMER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio has no right to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Kentucky, except by his
permission.
The SPEAKER. That is very true.
Mr. PALMER. The gentleman has repeat-
edly done it, and continues to do it, and I insist
on the rule being enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky declines to yield the floor. The gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Palmer,] however, will re-
member that it has been the universal piactice of
the House fora gentleman to rise and ask another
gentleman to yield the floor. The rule requires
that before another gentleman may take the floor,
the gentleman legitimately entitled to it shall sig-
nify his assent. The Chair understands that the
gentleman from Kentucky peremptorily declines
to vicld.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope I shall
now be allowed to go on and finish what I have to
say.
1 say that these Republicans had come up to all
that we ever contended for touching the equality
of the States and the right of the people of Kansas
to establish their own institutions in their own
way: and they have come up to it with the in-
tent to make it the law. Had the people of Kan-
sas received the Crittenden amendment; had they
chosen to adopt the Lecompton constitution, and
to establish slavery in that State, then these gen-
tlemen have provided all the instrumentalities ne-
cessary to the procurement of such a result. But
when the Republicans yielded this, you, gentle-
men of the Democratic party, would not have it!
It will be for you to go to the South and tell the
South what there was in that amendment, what
there was in that principle, that fell short of all
your former requirements. Was it that you could
not stand the proclamatory power of the Presi-
dent, in case the people of Kansas adopted an-
other constitution? Then, be it remarked that
when the bill, as offered by Mr. Crittenden in
the Senate, required that, if they adopted another
constitution in Kansas, it should he sent to Con-
gress, members of the Democratic party opposed
it on the ground thai it did not close the question, but
kept the Kansas imbroglio open. When the Mont-
gomery-Crittenden amendment provided for clos-
ing it, as we supposed would suit you, you then
opposed it, becaust iticould be giving loo much power
to the President.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have tried in this matter to do
exactly what was right. I have kept in my
mind's eye, all the time, the tendencies I see be-
fore me in this country. I knew that the Gulf
States had made platforms upon which, it was
said, they would feel bound to secede from the
Union. I am told to go forward, lest they dose-
cede. Now, sir, who is so bold, m this assem-
bly, as to rise and say that he is a disunionist?
Not one. Who is there, m this assembly, who
will rise in his place and say that he will go to the
southern States with the black flag of disunion
unfurled for that people to follow? There is a
silence, sir, over this House, in response to that
inquiry, like the silence of the grave. Secession !
disunion! Why, sir, " 'tis the eye of childhood
that fears the painted devil." I have no fear of
disunion. I have no fear that the people of the
South will listen for a moment to the whispers of
disunion. They are chivalrous, brave, and true;
and woe to the politician who proclaims himself a
disunionist!
But, sir, I had heard of discontents, and I was
careful; and I choose to say to the South, that,
when I exerted myself to get these Republican
members to put themselves upon that vote, I did
so with an eye to the fact that there were plat-
forms formed at the South which I did hope that
vote would sink forever and forever. Now I am
here to render also to that party the tribute of
my hearty and sincere thanks, my honest and pro-
found obligation, that their patriotism was equal
to the task of giving that vote, which I believe
they did with a wish to establish peace and con-
cord between all sections, and with the hope that
that vote would accomplish it.
Now, sir, who in the South wants to establish
a sectional southern party ? The Democrats are
not content with the proposition that the doctrine
of popular sovereignty shall be carried forward,
and that the people of Kansas may have a State
free or slave, as they prefer. They now proceed
one step beyond that. I read from a paper of
Tuesday, April 27, the Richmond South. I will
read a single sentence, to let you sec the manner
in which the progress of this controversy is re-
garded, and the point which we have reached:
'• In the mean time, if the Senate bill pass, Kansas may
come into the Union as a slave Siate, or she cannot cojne
at all. That is the issue."
You who represent the South, I ask you in the
most solemn earnestness if that is the issue upon
which you propose to go to the country? I ask
you if that is the issue upon which you are pre-
pared to precipitate the South? Your platform
made the declaration that the people of Kansas
might determine this matter—that the people of
! Kansas were to have the right to vote whether
! they would be a free State or a slave State.
But you are understood in the country by this
bill to have made up the issue, as I understand it,
that she shall come here as a slave State, or she
is not to come at all. Does it not result from that
proposition that you are attempting to inaugurate
in this country an aggressive pro-slavery party—
a party that does notstand upon the constitutional
rights of the people of all sections, but a southern
pro-slavery party which proposes to flaunt its ban-
ners in the face of the other sections, and to say
to them that they must bow down to your Jugger-
naut? The people of Kentucky are not ready to
go that far. I have never in the whole course of
my legislative experience understood a point in
controversy better than I do this which you Dem-
ocrats propose, and never before were my con-
clusions so firmly fixed as to the absolute propri-
ety of my political course. I am willing that the
principle, the philosophy, the morality, and the
prudence of my action may be judged of by the
people of my native State; and as i only seek to
do to others what I would they should do to me,
I shall abide in the confidence that Kentucky will
sustain my feeble effort to act with justice, with
moderation, and with fairness m those acts of
legislation which relate to the rights of all, but
which are to be illustrated by our course in the
case of Kansas, as an exponent of the principles
we follow. I yield the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until the
second Tuesday in May next, at one o'clock.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. £ hope not,
and I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask to be
heard before that question is taken.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the same favor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that motion.
Mr. GARNETT. So far as I am concerned,
I would be perfectly willing to withdraw the mo-
tion if we could at this time determine upon what
day the vote on this question shall be taken. If'
I withdraw it for one of these three gentlemen I
must withdraw it for the other three. It opens
the debate and leaves us to come back to-morrow
and trjr over the same thing. 1 therefore feel
constrained to press my motion.
