1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do.
Mi'. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. IE strikes
me from reading the fourth section of the act, that
such a construction cannot be placed upon it. It
provides that—
" In all capes where it shall appear to the court that the
facts set forth in the petition ot the claimant do not furnish
any ground for relief, it shall not be the duty of the comt to
authorize the taking of any fe^timoriv in the case until the
same shall have been reported by them to Congress as here-
inafter provided : Provided, however, That if Congress shall
in such ca e fail to confiim the opinion of the board, they
shall proceed to take testimony in the case."
It seems to me that this act contemplates the
action of both branches of the Legislature, before
a case can be sent back to the Court of Claims.
I do not see how any other construction can be
placed upon it. The word " Congress" is used
in the body of the section, and also in the pro-
viso, and I have no doubt that that was what the
framers of the law meant at the time the law was
framed. It strikes me, therefore, that it would be
premature for this House to undertake to decide
this matter in that way. I think the best direc-
tipn to be given to this matter, would be to send
it to a committee of this House for investigation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If we fail
to confirm the opinion of the court, Congress
cannot confirm it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Would it be in
order to move a substitute for the motion and the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yoik. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Resolved, That the report of the Court of Claims in this
case, together with tile papers therein, be refeired to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims tor a report upon the
incuts of the case.
I have only to say that I think we would sooner
reach the case in this mode than in the other, and
probably save much expense to the parties now
presenting their claims for consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the gentleman's amendment, in the form in
which it is presented, is not in order. It would
be, if modified so as to provide that the committee
report back the papers in the case with a recom-
mendation that the case be referred, &c.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I will modify
it in that way.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of
Georgia, and Covode were appointed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-,
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] had
withdrawn his proposition; and this is the same
thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdrew his proposition,and the ques-
tion arises on the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from New York, as an original proposition.
Mr. CRAIGE, nf North Carolina. I submit,
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania withdraws
his proposition, whether the proper question to
be taken is not on the reference of this matter to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the proposition
now pending, offered by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York is to
refer to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
with iyistrvclions. The original proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was to refer it to
that committee, without instructions. That is the
only difference between the two.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to adopt the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York in lieu
of his own.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I did not
understand that.
Mr. COVODE. I have withdrawn my prop-
osition.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
strike out that portion of the motion of the gen- j
tleman from New York relating to instructions. '
I make that motion because I do not think that
•he House ought, at this early stage of the pro-
ceedings, to hamper the committee at all. Itought
to be referred to the committee, and let them act
upon it in such a way as they may think proper,
and report to the House. We will then have all
the facts to enable us to decide the case. But, by
the action now proposed, we undertake to pre-
judge the case; we undertake to say they shall re-
port in a particular way—to report that if the facts
justify it this claim should be allowed, notwith-
standing the grounds which the Court of Claims
has interposed under the statute of limitations.
The court may have interposed the statute of
limitations for reasons that would be satisfactory
to those gentlemen who* are opposed, as a gen-
eralrulejto the Government pleading the statute.
Therefore, I think that the action proposed would
be embarrassing to the committee, and embarrass-
ing to the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, ofKentucky. I would like
to know of the gentleman who made the motion,
what would be its effect? Will this case remain
pending in the Court of Claims until we send word
back whether we approve of its decision or not?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
every gentleman may determine that for himself.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman who has charge of th is busi ness whether
it is his proposition that this case remain pending
in the Court of Claims until we decide whether
we approve or disapprove of its decision? The
point that we are to decide upon is: we are to con-
firm the decision as it is rendered to us, or we are
to reject it. The case pends in the court till we
j do one or the other. But without giving thecourt
; any notification we overslaugh the court, treat it
| with disrespect, and undertake to hear the case
I ourselves on its merits. ;
! The question was taken on Air. Craige's
j amendment; and it was rejected, there being, on
j a division—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
: The question recurred on Mr. Taylor's piopo-
; sition, on which tellers had been ordered.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety-five, noes not counted.
So the adverse report of the Court of Claims
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims,with instructions.
JEREMIAH M. WILLIAMS, AND OTHERS.
The case next on the Calendar was an adverse
report from the Court of Claims (No. 110) in the
i case of Jeremiah M. Williams, and others.
| Mr. THOMPSON. This case is precisely the
i same as that which we have just disposed of; and
| I submit the like motion, that it be laid aside, to
| be reported to the House, with a recommendation
i that it be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
; tionary Claims, with instructions to report on the "
; merits of the case.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read- !
I ing of the report and of the testimony in the case. (
: I am inclined to the opinion that a motion that it j
i be reported to the House, with a recommendation j
j that the House agree to the report of the Court !
; of Claims, would take precedence of that just sub- j
I mitted. The affirmative would be 011 agreeing to |
; the report of the Court of Claims. If it be in or- :
j der, I make that motion. ;
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairthinksitwould j
| be in order to move to amend the motion of the j
[ gentleman from New York by substituting that, j
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would not the j
j motion that I have indicated take precedence of !
j the other? :
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware ;
| of any rule that gives it precedence,
f Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That would be ■
the question submitted to the committee, if there
was no motion made. That is the standing mo- 1
tion. j
Mr. THOMPSON. I insist on my motion. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The reading of '
the report has been called for. i
The report was read, as follows: j
" This i<* a claim for commutation money or half pay, for ,
depieciation on certain pay certificates, and for bounty land. .
The first two chums should be piosccuted by an adnmu>~
trator. The claim tor bounty land may, according to the •
rules of the dcpaitmenf, be prosecuted by the descendants i
of the person entitled ; but that claim is abandoned. !
u The petition states that Thomas Wilhauw, now de-
ceased. was commissioned by Congress as a quartermaster j
and lieutenant m the continental service m the war of the i,
Revolution; and served as such until the close of the war, J:
or until reduced or retired. Thp claim for commutation or ' I
half pay is founded upon the .same resolutions of Congress j;
upon which the claimants relied in the case of Marnav vs.
the United States, and Stokeiy us. the United States^ It
'I??1 *ll0$ed ©'Proved that the claim was ever presented
at the Treasury before the 1st day of May, 1794 ; and m ac-
cordance with the decision m the cases mentioned, the
claim is now barred by the statute of limitations* and the
claimant lias no cause of action.
" The second claim is for the sum of ' ,$604 38 denreei-
ation on pay certificates due May 30, 1779, and interest.'
"i5,n^tile 10"1 APrili 1780, Congress resolved that
when Congress shall be furnished with proper documents
to liquidate the depreciation of the continental bills of
credit, they will, as soon thereafter as the state of the pub-
lic finances will permit, make good to the line of the aimy
and the independent corps thereof, the deficiency of their
original pay occasioned by such depreciation.' * * * < It
being the determination of Congress that all the troops serv-
ing in the continental army shall be placed on an equal
footing. Provided that no person shall have any benefit of
the resolution, except such as were engaged during the
war, or lor three years, and are now in service, or shall
hereafter engage during the war for three years, and are
now in service, or shall hereafter engage during the war.*
" The question now is, whether Thomas Williams was
II m service at the date of the passage of the resolution.
Ei ''The lesolutionof the Assembly of the State of New
jj York, of March 28, 1783, provides for bounty land to per-
p son* belonging to several different clashes, of which it is
; necessary only to enumeiate the following:
j " 'The officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
; of the two regiments of infaimy, commanded by Colonels
j Van Schaick and Van Cortlandt.
j '*' Such officers of the regiment of artillery commanded
j by Colonel Lamb, and of the corps of sappers and miners
j as were, when they entered the service, inhabitants of the
! State,and suchof thenon-commissioned officers of the two
i last-mentioned corps as are credited to thfcHState, as part
i of the troops theieof.
j " 1 All officcis deianged by any acts of Congress subse-
j quent to the iCth day of September, 1776.
• UCA1I officers recommended by Congress as persons
| whose depieciation on pay ought to be made good by this
j State, and who may hold militaiy commissions in the line
: of the army at the close of the war.5
I The claimant has pioduced m evidence the book, well
j known as the New York Balloting Book, containing a list
of the persons entitled to bounty lands under the resolution
j of the Nesv York Legislature. In this book the name of
| Thomas Wilhams occurs but once, and that is on page 67,
, whore he is put down a« lieutenant in the third regiment,
J which was commanded by neither Van Shaick nor Van
j Cortlandt, but by Colonel Peter Gansevooit. He does not
; therefore come within the class first mentioned ; nor within
j the second class composed of certain officers of Colonel
■ Lamb's artillery, &e. He might have come wnhin the class
; of orilceis deranged by any acts of Congress subsequent to
I the 16th day of September, 1776, or he might have belonged
j to the class of officeis recommended by Congress whose de-
} preciation in pay ought to be made good, &c., but there is
| no evidence showing that he belonged to either of these
j classes. He might have been entitled to bounty land from
1 the State of New Yoik, as belonging to one of the two
j classes last mentioned, without having been in service on
i tiie 10th of April, 1780. The Balloting Book, therefore, is
I riot evidence to show that he was in service at that date. •
, It is only evidence to show that he was at some time a lieu-
tenant of the third regiment.
" The claimant has produced in evidence an original
commission, dated Maieh 2,1776, signed by Colonel Wyn-
koop and Lieutenant Colonel Cortlandt, field officers of the
fourth New York icgiment, appointing Thomas Williams
quaitermasterto that regiment. He has also produced a
I commission, signed by John Hancock, dated November21,
] 1176, appointing Thomas Williams t quartermasier to the
, third battalion of the New York forces.' This commis.-ion
 s expiesscd ' to continue in force until revoked by this or
■ a futui e Congress.'
i " Upon the first organization of the army the various
corps were styled battalions, and the quota of New York
| was four battalions. (Res. September 16,1776.) Subse-
| quently, upon a reorganization of the army, the various
j corps were styled regiments. (Res. May 27, and November
j 24, 1773.) This accounts for the fact that m the Balloting
] Book the corps to which he belonged was called a regi-
; mem, while in lib commission it is called a battalion. In
the New York resolution before referred to, no officer below
| the rank of captain is specifically mentioned, but every sub-
j aitPin and surgeon's mate is entitled to one thousand acres;
. a lieutenant being a subaltern, was also entifled to two
; hundred acres, by a resolution of Congress. The course
j pursued was, that an officer entitled to bounty land under
j the New York lesolution, and also entitled under the reso-
I lution of Congress, assigned to the State the land to which
he was entitled from Congress, and received the amount of
| both bounties from the State. This was the reason why
i Thomas Williams js set down in the Balloting Book as en-
| titled to one thousand two hundred acres of land.
'• Now there 1? evidence to show that he was at one time
- a quartermaster and at another time a lieutenant, but how
' long the different commissions remained in force does not
i appear. By the resolution of May 27,1778, the quarter-
j masters were to be taken from the subaltern officers, and
i he might at the same time have been both lieutenant and
; quartermaster, as the quartermaster, being a staff officer,
leceived a certain pay in addition to his pay in the line. As
he held the lineal rank of lieutenant, he is properly so des-
ignated xn the Balloting Book.
Now his commission was to continue until revoked by
Congress, and theie is no evidence of its revocation. In
the return by Lieutenant Connolly, in the Balloting Book
of officeis resigned, &e.. his name is not returned as re-
signed. From the small number of officeis contained in this
list, it would appear to be incomplete ; but there is no evi-
dence in the ease anywhere tending to show that he re-
signed. In the absence of all evidence to the contrary, the
presumption mav perhaps be that he continued to hold his
commission m the aunyon the 10th day of April, 1780,
which would entitle him <to the depreciation on his pay
under the resolution of Congress of that date.
