1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
Mr. HUGHES. I call the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
motion be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That would carry the bill
with it. -
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COBB. I object to gentlemen asking ques-
tions of the Chair.
Mr. BENNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether, if the previous question is sus-
tained, it would not cutoff the motion to post-
pone ?
Mr. COBR. 1 object to the Chair answering
any such questions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that as a question of order. The Chair has
already given an intimation as to the effect of sus-
taining the previous question, two or three times.
Mr. ENGLISH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Georgia, and Waldron were appointed.
Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire whether the
motion to postpone is pending?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GROW. Then the previous question, if
sustained, cuts off that motion?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 99, noes 105.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. GARNETT. Is the question now upon
the motion I made to postpone?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GARNETT. But the previous question
cannot be called so as to bring the House to a vote
upon it?
The SPEAKER. The previous question would
cut off the motion to postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am tired of this
mode of getting along, and I intend now to do
what I have never done before, to my recollection
—to make a motion which will bring up this ques-
tion directly, and which I shall vote against. I
move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 101, nays 113; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Atlrain, Andrews, Bonnett, Bil-
hnghur&t, Bingham, Blaii, Jirayton, HutJinton, Bur-
luiuamp, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Elux Clark, Horace F. Cldik, Ciavvaon, Claik B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Comtns. Oovode, Cragm, Curtis, Damiell, Davis of
Maiyland. Oavis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of iowa, Dawe-5, Dean, Dick, Uodd, Durlee, Edic\ Farns-
woith, Fen ton, Foster, Giddmg^, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin,
Giansjer, Giow, Itoheit B. Hall, Ilarlan, J• Morrison Ilai-
riN Thomas b. Hams, Ilaskin, Ilickman, IJoaid, Howard,
Kt:ilo  , K'-'lsey. Kiigore, Knapp, Leach, Leitcr, Lovejoy,
MeKihbin, Husnphiey Marshall, Samuol S. Marshall, Mor-
gan, Edwaiu Joy Moiris, Isaac N. Mom's, Fieeman II.
Morse, Olivei A. Mor&c, Molt, Murray, Nichols, Olm, Pal-
mer. l'aiker, Fettit, Pike, Pottei, Pottle, fticuud, ltitchie,
Rolibins, Robert?-, tfoyoe, Aaron Shaw, John Sheinian, Jurt-
boiiW, Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,WHham
Siewatt, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade,
Walbndge, Waldion, Walton, EJlihu B. Washbumc, Israel
WdMiburn, and Wilson—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonhum, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Biyan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Caskie, John B Claik,
Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill,
(Joining, Cox, James Ciaig, Bui ton Craige, Crawloid,
Curiy, DavUUon, Dewart, Dowdcll, Bdtnundson, Elliott,
Eiis^li-sh, Eustis, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartiell, Gilhs,
Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Grocsbeck, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Hnyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jone , J.
Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kellv, Lamar, Landy,
Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQucea, Mason,
Maynard, Miles, Miller, Million, Moore, Ndilack, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, J'iielp-, Phillips, Powell, Uuitman, Ready,
Reagan, Reiliv, Rutfin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Seoi't, Soaring, Seward, IIoiuv M. Shaw, Shoite'i, Sickles,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth,
Stcpliens, Stevenson, Talbot, Tuppe, Waid, Watkius,
White, Whiteley, Win.-low, Wood*>on, \Voitendyke, Au-
gustus R. Wright, Jolm V. Wright, and ZoIhcoflVr—lJ.'j.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Stewart, of Maryland > had gone home, and had
paired off with Mr. Thompson, of New York.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that Mr. Taylor, of
Louisiana, had requested him to say that he was
necessarily absent from the House, and had paired
off with Mr. Kunkel, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GREENWOOD said: My colleague,Mr.
Warren, has been called home by the indispo-
sition of one or two members of his family. He
requested me to state that he had paired off with
Mr. Montgomery-, of Pennsylvania, until next
Monday week upon the conference report on the
Kansas bill, and everything growing out of it.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia to
postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. From the vote just
taken, it is certainly evident that there is not a
majority of this House against the bill; and that
is very gratifying to me. I have no reasons to
offer to gentlemen in reference to the manner in
which they shall vote. All I desire is, that we
shall have a vote and dispose of this question. I
desire its passage, and to get clear of it, and there-
fore I demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tellers,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Edie were appointed.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to inquire whether,
if this motion is sustained, it will cut off my mo-
tion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 103, noes 107.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope we shall now have
a direct vote upon my motion.
Mr. BISHOP. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table; and upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether,
at this stage of the proceedings, the motion of the
gentleman from Connecticut is in order. The i
report is in the same legislative condition, and
there has been no debate upon it since the last !>
vote was taken, by which the House refused to '
lay it upon the table.
Mr. GARNETT. I just wish to say one word.
I have no desire factiously to oppose the will of
a majority of the House, but 1 appeal to gentle-
men upon all sides to let us have a direct vote
upon the motion to postpone. If it is lost, I shall
withdraw all opposition to taking the vote when
they choose. But let us have a fair test, by a di-
rect vote on the yeas and nays, whether we will
postpone or not.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know from
the gentleman from Virginia, what he expects to
accomplish by a postponement of this measure ?
Now, sir, I do not expect to be called up here, j
day after day, upon the announcement of gentle- :
men that tins matter is to be deferred to a partic- i
ular day and a particular hour, when a particular i
vote is to be taken. My opinion is that the con- ;
duct of this House of Repiescntatives m regard |
to the Kansas bill will meet the condemnation of ;
the people of this great country, and ought to do 1
it. [Cries of " True ! true !" from the Republi-;
can side of the House.] it is not my side of the i
House that is to blame, but every species of de- !
lay has been resorted to by gentlemen upon the ;
other side of the House m connection with some j
southern men. They voted to reject the Lecomp-!
ton constitution by a vote of ninety-three 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks strictly to the question of post-
ponement.
Mr. SEWARD. I am going to do it. I am
going to show how this matter has been delayed,
and why there should be no further delay, and
that, I take it, is in order. It is a very difficult
matter for any one to talk within a given line pre-
scribed by the Speaker, or any one else.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. xMr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Georgia yield the floor to the gentleman from
Illinois:
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish the gentle-
man would permit me to ask him a question.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire the gen-
tleman from Georgia to say whether I understood
him aright as alleging that the delay which has
taken place in regard to the action of the House .
upon this bill is chargeable to those who have op- .
posed the billJ
Mr. SEWARD. I do notknow. I think that
to a very great extent both parties have been en-
gaged in causing unnecessary delay. [Laughter.]
When I am called upon to speak the truth, I al-
ways speak it.
Mr. IIARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to say fur-
ther, to the gentleman from Georgia* that, from
the 2d day of February, when this question was
introduced into Congress by the message of the
President of the United States, down to this hour,
whenever those who have been sustaining the bill
have found themselves beaten, as they have been
uniformly, they have always resorted to parlia-
mentary tactics and side motions for delay, and
they are chargeable with the delay, if anybody
is. [Cries of " True ! true I"]
Mr. SEWARD. As the chances have seemed
to be in favor of one side or the other, that same
species of movement has been resorted to, and I
enter my solemn protest against it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia cannot pursue the line of argument he is now
in. He must confine himself to the question of
postponement.
Mr. SEWARD. I am doing so, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman's remarks are notin order; and he
must keep in order, or he cannot proceed.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit respectfully to the
Chair, whether I have not a right to refer to the
causes of the delay which has already taken place,
and to show the entire want of necessity for a con-
tinuance of that delay? If I am in order, I pro-
pose to pursue that line of argument. Now how
can I argue against the necessity of a postpone-
ment of this matter unless I refer to what has been
the cause of delay, the various views which have
beim presented by gentlemen, the various amend-
ments which have been offered, and the action
of gentlemen which has induced the delay?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia lays down a very broad basis for his remarks.
The Chair is of opinion that the remarks which
the gentleman was indulging in were not in order.
The pending question is upon the motion to post-
pone. The previous question cannot be called
upon such a motion, nor can debate be closed upon
it by any process. It has, therefore, been uni-
formly held that upon a motion to postpone no
debate is in order, further than to assign the rea-
sons why the particular measure should or should
not be postponed to the particular day indicated.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; I understand that,
and to that I will endeavor to confine my re-
marks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may be unfortu-
nate in not appreciating the force of the gentle-
man's remarks; but it is the opinion of the Chair
that the gentleman's remarks were not in order;
and the Chair hopes that if the gentleman pro-
ceeds, he will confine himself stiicily to the ques-
tion of postponement.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair seems to appre-
ciate the force of my remarks too much, and warns
to restrict them. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGIIES. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] is vindicating the
remarks of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Se ward.]
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Indiana
has not the floor to move an adjournment. Now,
sir, we find ourselves occupying before the coun-
try a most singular position. There are certain
gentlemen from the section from which I come
who entertain some peculiar notions in regaid to
this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chains of opinion that
that has nothing to do with the question of post-
ponement. [Laughter.]
Mi. SEWARD. Well, sir, then the Chair is
of opinion that my remarks have no reference to
the question of postponement before I have con-
cluded the sentence, and the Chair must be exceed-
ingly acute if he can see, from half the sentence,
the conclusion at which I am going to arrive.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not see
what the peculiar position of gentlemen upon this
floor had to do with the question.
Mr. SEWARD. Why, sir, the position of the
two hundred and thirty-four gentlemen upon this
floor has a great dral to do with it. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Georgia think thai it would be in order t£ discus
