1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. CHAPMAN. I move that the furthercon-
sideiauou of (he case be postponed until the sec-
ond Thurs lay of December next. I will merely
remark that this proposition is acquiesced in by
the members of the Judiciary Commiitee on both
sides. It will be remembered that reports were
presented by two branches of the committee, one
report favorable to Judge Watrous, and the other
report adverse to him; one on the presumption
that he is entirely innocent and guiltless of the
charges, the other recommending that he be im-
peached. This acquiescence was entered into by
the respective members of the Judiciary Com
mittee, believing: that it was impossible during
the present session that the case should have as
full and complete a hearing as its importance de-
mands. It will be remembered, also, that (here
is a memorial by Judge Watrous, and there is a
volume of testimony of several hundred pages;
and I doubt very much whether any member of
this body has yet examined that testimony in
full. It is impossible to avoid protracted discus-
sion in this case And if that discussion which
should be desired by many members who have
spoken to me upon the subject, should lie enter-
tained, ! do not believe the House elm adjourn at
the time that has already been agreed upon. It
is from these considerations that the committee
have unanimously agreed to make the proposition
which I have submitted.
Mr. REAGAN. I know the impatience of the
House; but 1 desire to ask its indulgence in a few
remarks upon this case. I would not interpose an
objection to the recommendation of both branches
of the committee. I know that committee has cone
through one of the most labotious investigations
that they could be called upon to go through. I
know they are better apprised of the facts of the
case, the importance of its investigation, perhaps,
than I am. I desired to say that if the members
of this House could have been satisfied from the
reports of the committee, and from the evidence
before them, it would have been greatly desirable
to me, as a Representative from Texas, to have
urged upon the House action upon this case at
this time. It may not be out of place to say that
I think it is due to myself, and to the State 1 rep-
resent, that I should make the statement 1 desire
now to make in reference to this matter. At the
time Judge Watrous went upon the bench in
Texas, in 1846, he was known to be interested ds
counsel for the establishment of a very large class
of fraudulent land claims.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I hope the
merits of this case will not be gone into upon this
motion to postpone. The gentleman is making
statements, whether they pertain to the merits or
not, calculated to do great injustice to the parties
in this matter.
Mr. REAGAN. I will say to the gentleman
that statements are being published throughout
the land intended to influence public judgment;
and I am going to appeal to the House to allow
me to put upon the record of the nation, to be
sent to the country, a refutation of the statements
made, as I have stated, to vindicate the course
and character of Judge Watrous.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to postpone,
the debate must be confined strictly to the pro-
priety or impropriety of the postponement. It
does not open up the merits of the case at all.
Mr. REAGAN. I had hoped most sincerely
that, inasmuch as statements have gone forth to
the country, first in the answer of Judge Watrous
himself, and then by a memorial winch has been
laid upon the desks of members, which misrep-
resent the facts, and leave a wrong impression on
the public mind—not in Texas, for that cannot
be done there—I say I had hoped this House
would permit me to make a statement. But as I
cannot have that privilege, I will limit my remarks
to assigning a few reasons why, if it should meet
the approval of this House, 1 desire the trial of
Judge Watrous.
The present term of the district court has been
lost by the necessary absence of Judge Watrous
here to defend himself against the charges. At
the last Congress, a report of the Committee on
the Judiciary, after an elaborate investigation of
the facts, recommended an impeachment.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I think the
gentleman is traveling outside of the record.
Mr. REAGAN, i will confine myself to the
record.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. These re-
marks will have no other effect upon the public
mind than to create prejudice against the persons
prosecuting here.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman will see that
1 am only preparing to submit the reasons why
this case ought to be acted on at the earliest prac-
ticable day. I was going on to show that the Judi-
ciary Committee, at the last session, did recom-
mend an impeachment, after an elaborate inves-
tigation of the case. The Judiciary Committee
of the present Congress has investigated the case;
and part of the committee recommend an impeach-
ment, and another part that he be not impeached.
The question will arise as to the condition of the
district over which he presides, in case the House
fail to act on the report of the Judiciary Commit-
tee. I suppose it is hardly to be presumed that a
man whose impeachment has been recommended
by the Judiciary Committee of one Congress, and
by four members of the Judiciary Committee of
this House, will go upon the bench to decide
cases pending the action of this House; and hence
it is, Mr Speaker, that it is desirable, for the pur-
pose of the administration of the law in that dis-
trict, that this trial should be had at as early a
period as possible. If the judge cannot, under
the existing facts, hold the court in that district,
I presume he will not attempt to do so till this
case is acted upon It will be seen that this con-
stitutes one important reason why this case should
not be postponed.
Mr. READY. I wish to know whether Judge
Watrous did not go on and hold his court after
the adjournment of last Congress?
Mr. REAGAN. I understand he did.
Mr. READY. And was there not a unanimous
report in the last Congress recommending his im-
peachment ?
Mr. REAGAN. There was.
Mr. READY. Then why should he not hold
court now 5
The SPEAKER. The Chair has indulged gen-
tlemen in making reference to the proceedings of
a former Congress. The Chair must now confine
the debate strictly to the question of postponement.
Mr. HILL, i would inquire to what time the
postponement is to be made.
The SPEAKER. The second Thursday in
December.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the Judiciary Committee agree, unanimously, to
that plan.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I do
not see why there should be any difficulty about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Pennsylva-
nia, in speakuigof the acquiescence of the commit-
tee, used, as a matter of course, the proper term,
for I acquiesced in what the other members of the
committee had determined on. That term ex-
presses correctly my position on the subject; but
I propose to suggest that it would be better to
shorten the time, if possible, and for what I regard
as agood reason. The difference of a week or two
will be important. If this resolution for impeach-
ment be adopted by the House of Representatives
at the next session, it will be important that it be
adopted at as early a day as possible. It will be
recollected, that at the close of the next session
this Congress terminates, and if a trial should be
had,and not completed bytheendmg of this Con- j
gress, it would, as a mailer of course, have to be ;
gone o.rer again, or have to go into the hands of ■
persons who had not witnessed the first part of \
the trial. j
Mr. CLARK, of New York. My friend is j
mistaken. If the Senate acquire jurisdiction by ;
articles of impeachment, they can retain the juris- j
diction until the trial takes place. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that; but my !
friend from New York did not get the point, and
I suppose it was my fault, i say that if the I
House should pass the resolution of impeach- |
ment.then it becomes a case in court, and remains
in cc^irt. There is no doubt about that. The
impeachment does not expire with the ending of
Congress; but I say this: that the Senators who
are the judges of the court are changing, and the
Senators who are in this Congress'will not be,
all of them, tiie Senators of the next Congress;
so that it is important that, if this case is to be
tried at all, it should be tried at the next term of
the court, or else, if it goes over to the next Con- 'I
gress, it will have to be tried de novo. Besides,
the managers would have to be changed; out that
could be done with much less difficulty, h is
vital to the whole case that it should be tried at
the nextsession, if at all, and therefore the saving
of a week may be important.
The SPEAKER. The second Thursday will
be the 9th of December, and will be the first
Thursday after the meeting of Congress.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to make one further
remark; and, as I see a disposition on the part of
the House to concur in the recommendauon of
the committee, I shall not press my opposition.
I wish to say that it is no part of my desire to
precipitate the action of the House in a matter of
so great importance as this. I only rose to con-
form to what 1 believe to be the feeling and wish
of my State—not, indeed, what I believe, but what
I know, to be their wish. That Slate has twice
acted in relation to this judge; once asking him
to resign, and, at last session, asking an investi-
gation.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman has already, time and again, alluded to
this action against judge Watrous. 1 ask him if
the resolutions of the last Legislature did not ex-
pressly avoid expressing any opinion as to hisr
guilt or innocence?
Mr. REAGAN. WhatI said was,that theyin-
structed their Representatives here to urge the trial
of Judge Watrous; and, as the gentleman from
North Carolina says, they very properly waived
an expression of opinion as to his guilt or inno-
cence. I only wish to say that I do not want to
precipitate the investigation of so important a case;
but, if tins House is satisfied to act, it is of the
utmost importance that it should act promptly,
for the reason I first assigned—that sve ought to
have a court in that district as early as possible—
and for the reason that the ultimate investigation
of this case may not be embarrassed by delay.
Mr. BRYAN. In consequence of the impa-
tience of the House, Mr. Speaker, I have not
much to say in regard to the question now before
the House. I know that the House is anxious
to dispose of it, but as the previous question was
moved when the matter was lastbeforethe House,
! and as this may be the last time that it will be be-
: fore the House thissession, I trust that the House
1 will not consider it an intrusion on their patience
or their time, for me to occupy a few moments ol
it. Representing, as I do, a large portion of the
district of Judge Watrous, the greatest portion
of those who are affected by his acts are conse-
quently represented by me. I was a member, Mr.
Speaker of the Legislature of Texas which passed
the resolution requesting Judge Watrous to re-
sign, and am somewhat acquainted with the facts
connected with that transaction.
The SPEAK ER. The gentleman from Texas
cannot go into that.
Mr. BRYAN. I am not going into the merits
of the question. I understand my position.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
must confine himself to the question of postpone-
ment.
Mr. BRYAN. I shall do so.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman will say nothing calculated to prejudice
the minds of members.
Mr. HOUSTON, if the question is to be de-
bated let it be thrown open fairly to debate.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It is very
extraordinary that the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee did not notice that when the other
gentleman [Mr Reagan] was speaking.
Mr. HOUSTON. That gentleman spoke so
low that I could not hear what he said, and I
noticed that the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Craige] called him to order, and presumed
that it was for that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
himself to the question of postponement.
Mr. BRYAN. I will notdepart from the ques-
tion. I also have in my mind the resolutions of
the last Legislature of Texas. Those resolutions
requested that there should be an examination
into the charges that were preferred against judge
Watrous, without pronouncing upon the guilt or
innocence of the judge.
Sir, we feel, the people of Texas feel, the judge
feels, a deep interest in the investigation of these
charges. A judge should be above suspicion; but
that he is suspected is no evidence of his guilt.
