2910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
If, then, the Houde can,with justice to themselves, j
make the investigation at this session, we desire 1
it. The evidence is presented before them. They j
know whether they have time to make the inves- ;
ligation, and whether they can give it that exam-
ination which the subject is entitled to. If they
feel that they cannot act upon the question this
session, I, as one of the Representatives of the
State of Texas, would say defer it.
I will call the attention of the House to the
published memorial of Judge Watrous, which has
been laid upon our desks, simply for the purpose
of explanation. He says that one of the eleven-
league grants 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that does
not enter into the merits of the question whether !
the House will postpone the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. BRYAN. Then, sir, I will only say that
if the House can, in justice to themselves, and
will set aside other less important business, ex-
amine this case this session, it would be gratify-
ing to me, as one of the Representatives of Texas,
that they should make the investigation. But if
the examination is to be hurried and imperfect
from want of time to give the subject that exam- j
ination which its importance demands, I am in j
favor of its postponement. !
Mr.BILLINGHURST. Idonotknowwhether j
it would be proper, as a part of this order, to j
change the order for printing heretofore made in .
this case. There is a transcript of a case which '
was tried before Judge Watrous, and was offered .
in evidence, covering nearly a thousand pages. ■
About half of it is in the Spanish language, and j
the remainder is a translation of that. It will not j
enlighten the House to print the Spanish portion
of it, and I desire to have the order to print so
modified, before the subject passes from the con-
trol of the House, as to dispense with the print-
ing of the Spanish.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Assuming that
the recommendation of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary will be acceded to by the House, upon the
ground that there is not sufficient time, this ses-
sion, to give that careful examination to this case
which its importance demands, I ask the consent
of the House for leave to file an individual report
upon the facts of the case, at any time before its
consideration. I should have presented it to-day,
but I came prepared to enter on the considci*ation
of the question, if the House saw fit to do so. I
presume there wjII be no objection to granting me
this leave. I differ, in some respects, from the
views of my colleagues, and desire to present an
individual report of my conclusions.
The SPEAKER stated that if there was no
objection, it would be so ordered.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. My proposition is
to modify the order to print. I
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman from New !
York will file his report during this session I have !
no objection; but 1 shall object to his doing it af- j
terwards.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. No harm can re- i
suit from it. I only ask the privilege if the case |
is not considered this session. I came prepared ;
to address the House on this subject to-day or to- j
morrow. j
Mr. MILLSON. Is it in order to move to lay
the motion to postpone upon the table ?
Mr. STANTON. I hope the report will be
laid on the table if there is no other way of dis-
posing of it, for it is evident that it will lead to
endless discussion.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not want to lay the re-
port upon the table. 1 desire to move to lay the
motion to postpone upon the table, becausc I see
that the yeas and nays will not be ordered upon
it, and I can see no good reason for the postpone-
ment. Is j t in order to lay the motion to postpone
on the table without laying the report itself upon i
the table ? 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, [loud cries of j
" Question !"] I am not going to occupy the at- |
tention of the House for more than a moment or ;
two. [Renewed cries of " Question!"] I merely
wish to say that I am perfectly willing that this j
matter shall be disposed of, but I am unwilling to I
postpone the matter, coming up as it does on the |
report of half of the Committee on the Judiciary, j
and upon the application of the judge himself. He j
asks an investigation, and while I am aware of i
the want of time, X for one will not aid in deferring
this judge of an opportunity of being tried.
[Loud and vociferous shouts of" Question !"]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE moved to re-
consider the vote by which the motion to postpone
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I now move the fol-
lowing order:
Ordered, That in printing the testimony reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary in the Gase of Judge Watrous,
all thai part of the case of Cavazos et al. vs. Stillman and
Belden et al.y the transcript of which constitutes one item of
said testimony, as is printed m the Spanish language, be
omitted.
I will merely state that all the Spanish is trans-
lated into English.
Mr. READY. I think the resolution emi-
nently proper, and I think there can be no differ-
ence of opinion in regard to it amongst the mem-
bers of the committee who investigated the case.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It may be proper
to state that the transcript of the case referred to
in the resolution makes a book of eleven hun-
dred pages; and it is hardly worth while to sub-
ject the Government to the expense of printing
that part of it which is in the Spanish language.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope the House will not
consent to this resolution unless the Committee
on the Judiciary unanimously recommend it,
which I understand they do not. .
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The com-
mittee has taken 110 action on the subject.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. The resolution mere-
ly proposes to dispense with the printing of the
Spanish.
Mr. REAGAN. I want the Spanish printed.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. It can throw no light
upon the subject. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLEMENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopLed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Judge Watrous; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill of the
House (No. G10) for the relief of William S. Brad-
ford; and also notifying the House that it had
passed the following joint resolution and bills, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
A joint resolution (No. 52) for the relief of
William Hazzard Wigg;
A bill (No. 120) for the relief of David Myerle;
and
A bill (No. 263) granting the right of way over,
and depotgrounds on, the military reserve at Fort
Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, for railroad pur-
poses.
JUDGE WATROUS AGAIN.
Mr. REAGAN. Was the memorial of Judge
Watrous ordered to be printed ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. REAGAN. I should have objected to any
such proposition, and, at the time, I did not know
that there was any proposition to print. There
is no action to be taken on it. Why order it to
be printed ? It is made up of what purports to be
a defense of his conduct.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Is debate
in order? /
The SPEAKER. It is not. /
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Then I/bb-
ject.
SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN BILL
Mr. J. GLANCY JONESmoved that the Sen-
ate amendments to the supplemental Indian ap-
propriation bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order there until disposed of.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the gen-
eral debate, in committee, on those amendments,
be terminated in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I ask leave to introduce some
bills for reference. One is a bill to reorganize the
judicial circuits of the United States.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object. I want all to have
a fair chance. Some forty have got ahead of me.
I have tried day after day to get the floor, and
failed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Faulkner in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the supplemental
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The report of the
Committee of Ways and Means on these amend-
ments has been mislaid, and I will state the action
of the committee as the amendments are read.
First amendment:
Add as a new section :
To enable the Seeietary of the Interior to perf'oim the
engagements and stipulations of General Harney, made with
the Sioux Indians at Fort Pierre, m 1856, $72,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. One hundred thou-
sand dollars was asked for. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
I will make a short statement of the reasons for
this appropriation. The documents I have on the
subject I will append. It appears that, in 1856,
General Harney, then in command of the military
force of the United States, m order to secure am-
icable relations with various bands of the Sioux
Indians, agreed to the enlistment into the Army
of certain Sioux Indians. A list of them was sent
to the War Department here. And, in that agree-
ment, he stipulated that they should have uni-
forms, rations, and various other things; the pol-
icy being to have portions of all the various bands
of Indians connected and dovetailed into the Army,
so as to keep them continually in check, and to
keep our Indian relations upon an amicable foot-
ing. He made the promise, but it has never been
fulfilled; and it was in consequence of this non-
fulfillment that the difficulties arose with the Sioux
band last summer. They threaten to renew those
difficulties this summer, and the Secretary of the
Interior, together with the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, earnestly recommend an appropri-
ation of $100,000 for the purpose of carrying out
the agreement of General Harney. The Senate
thought $72,000 would be sufficient, and they
placed that amount in their amendment. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
concurrence.
Mr. CRAWFORD. There is one difficulty in
the way of giving my support to this appropria-
tion of $72,000. I am perfectly willing to pay
that sum to the Sioux Indians as a present, or if
this Government has at any time authorized Gen-
eral Harney to make a promise to the Sioux In-
dians, to give it to them. But my difficulty is in
reference to the authority vested in General Har-
ney to make a promise to the Sioux Indians that
this Government would give to them, for the pur-
pose of securing a check upon that tribe, some
seventy-two thousand dollars. If the head of the
Ways and Means Committee suggest to the Cierk
any poi tionof that document winch he has, which
shows the authority by which General Harney
made the promise, I should like to hear him read
it, and then I will gjve this amendment my sup-
poit. I have never seen any authority, and I
presume the chairman of the Ways and Means
has not.
If our officers are to be permitted to make prom-
ises to the Indians, or to anybody else, without
authority of lav/, to pay them seventy-five, one
hundred, or two hundred thousand dollars, we
have no control over the Treasury. I ask my
friend if he can show me the authority for this
promise ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I think I under-
stood my friend from Georgia, the other day, to
say that if he were in command of the vessels in
the Gulf, arid he understood that a British man-of-
