1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
war was boarding our vessels, he should not wait j
for orders from Washington before he resented j
it. Apply that principle to this case. General j
Harney is sent out among these savage tribes as ;
commander-in-chief of them, of the Army of the I
United States. They look to him as the repre- i
sentative of this Government. Of course, being |
savages, they have no conccption of the powers i
with which he isclothcd. They meet him clothed j
with military power, and he tells them that if '
they do certain things which he believes to be for j
the interest of this Government, he will recom- ;
mend to the Government to appropriate money j
enough to enlist ^.hem into the regular Army i
and to secure peace. He does this thing, of i
course, subject to the approval of this Govern- i
inent. He makes the arrangements for thegood ,
of the country, and herepoits the facts to his ;
Government. The thin^ is neglected, and the In- ,
dians complain. But that is not, all. These docu- >
inents inform you that the white citizens upon j
our frontier tell us that in consequence of your !
having withdrawn the troops from the frontier, !
no white man is safe, either in life or property, :
for a single day: that the Indians are assembling
upon the Yellow Medicine, in numbers some-
thing like ten thousand, alleging that the United ,
States has broken faith with them. They are j
prepared to deluge that country with blood. Now i
I want to know if Congress is willing to see our
frontiers unprotected by military force, the scene
of Indian barbarities and cruelties for the want of
a small appropriation of money; and then come I
here next Congress and be told that although you
were apprised of these facts, you chose to let our 1
citizens be destroyed merely because you had ;
not ascertained whether General Harney had the 1
right to do a certain act to save the lives of your ;
citizens. But to put the committee in possession ;
of all the facts, perhaps the communication from
the Department had better be read. Here are the
documents: I
Department of the Interior, J
Washington, June 7, 1858. |
Sir: I iiavc the honor herewith to transmit, for your
information, a copy of a letter addressed by me, tins day, to
the Speakerofthe House of Representatives, lecommend-
ing thatan appropriation bemadetoenabieiheDepaitment :
to fulfill the stipulations of the agreement made by General ,
Harney, m 1856, with certain bands of Sioux ; also, a copy '
of the report therein referred to. ;
I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedi-
ent servant, J.THOMPSON, Secretary. i
ilon. J. Glancy Jones, Chairman Committee Ways and
Means, iiause of Representatives.
Extract from, a letter from Jl. J. Vaughan, dated St.
Louis, May o, 1858, to the superintendent of Indian af- \
fairs at St. Louis, and by him transmitted to the Indian j
Office: ;
" it pains me to state the belligerent and refractory con- I
dition in which I found the Sioux in passing tluough their ;
country, patucularly the Menecongrees and Uncpapa bands;
ihe pa.«>t year they have been robbing indiscriminately every 1
white man passing through their countiy, and m many in- !
stances tJneatened their lives.
" A war party of the Menecongree band of Sioux, on the ,
31st of Maich. while passing down the nver, between Fort
Union and Fort Berthold, fired ten shots at us while on the
boat, taking deadly aim on our lives, winch weie miracu-
lou&lj preserved. The withdrawal of the troopa fiom Fort
Pierre lias caused the Indians to believe the Government
are afraid of them, and, fiom their conduct and threats, I
feet satisfied that no agent's life is safe 111 distributing the
Sioux annuity without a suitable force to protect him."
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, June 5,1858.
Sir. General Denvei, m Jus annual report as Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, page 2, says : '-The agent reports
thai the Sioux, to whom General Harney promised presents
of clothing foi their soldiers, aic verymuch dissatisfied with
the mm-coinplianee with that promise; and he recommends
that Congress make provision for its fulfillment. An esti-
mate for .5200,000, to he placed at the disposal of the De-
partment for that purpose, was presented by jour prede-
cessor to Congress at the last session of that body; but no
appropriation was made. Concuiring in the propriety and
importance of the measure, 1 respectfully recommend that
the amount neces>aiy to cairyit out be appropnatcd."
The Sioux agent, above rcferted to, is A. H. Redfield,
who, in his report to the superintendent, (page 125 of Com-
missioner's repoit,) expressed himself thus. "They spoke
of a promise, made them by General Harney, to give them
certain clothing for their soldiers, and expressed great sur-
prise that the piomise had not been fulfilled. I explained
this mattei to them as well as I could. Congres&ought, un-
doubtedly, to make provision, at its first session, for the
fulfillment of that promise. It was a reasonable one. and
made in good faith by the General. The Government will
suffer much, in the estimation of the Indians, if a promise,
made by an officer so high in rank and character as Gen-
eral Harney, 13 Jong left unfulfilled."
General Harney,m his report, dated Fort Pierre, Nebraska
Territory, March 8, 18^6^(Ex^Doc. No.^130, first session-,
Thirty-fourth CofiarfcVs'. j&ge 37) stay's, tint he ;{ caused the
Sioux nation to select and appoint a certain number of head
chiefs and chiefs to govern them, and to see that they carry
out the conditions to which they have consented in coun-
cil." Again, on the same page, he says: "That the organ-
ization of the Sioux may he more complete, I proposed to
the chiefs to have a number of soldiers in each band, to
assist them to cariy out my views. They have each given
in the number which they deemed sufficient for that pur-
pose in each band, and I recommend that these soldiers be
regularly named, and receive from the Government a dress,
or uniform, by which they will be known; and that for the
tune they may be doing duty under their chiefs in the vil-
lages, they will receive their lations. The expense would
be trifling, and their young men would be stimulated and
encouraged to seek those positions. The dre^ls should be
durable and gaudy, particularly the head dress, (they are
fond of feather.) The uniform of the diffeient bands should
be different, and the same should have place in the different
grades of chiefs, sub chief, &c. Bygiadually causing the
interests of a portion of the nation to depend upon the wishes
of the Government, the remainder will be easily controlled."
The Secretary of Wat, reporting to the President under
date of May 10, 1856, that he bad received from Brevet
Bngadier General William S. Harney the minutes of a ooun-
cl held by him with nine bands of Sioux Indians, at Fort
Piene, Nebraska Ten nory, beginning the 1st and ending the
5th of March, 1P56, (see same document, page 8,) says:
Brigadier General ilarnev having recognized the chiefs
named herein as the only head chiefs of their respective
ImrnN, !*nd &o declared 111 council, propo-ed that each chief
should have a certain number ot soldiers m each band, to
maintain oider and enloree its lawn, and recommends that
those j-oldiorsreceive from the Government a uniform dress,
with badges to designate the band and rank of each ; and
that, foi the time they may be employed in discharging the
duties appiopriafe to their po-uuon as a tubal police, they
shall be subsisted at the expense of the Government. Cn
acecordance with the proposition of Brigadier General Har-
ney, m relation to this organization, the following list of
" soldiers" was named by the principal chiefs at the coun-
cil ■ (Here follow the names.) I iccommend the foregoing
aiticles and stipulations be regarded as a valid compact, to
be faithfully ob^eived by all offieen and agents of the Uni-
ted States, and that the necessary appropi tations be asked
to cany it into effect."
The Piesident ol the United States, in his message dated
Ju!v 24, i$5G, '• enmmunieatinir minutes of a council held
at Fort Pierre with the Sioux Indians,by Geneial Harney,"
&e , (same document aheadv leleired to,) concludes with
the following woids : " Regarding the stipulations, between
Geneial Hantey and the nine bands of the Sioux as ju=t and
desuable both lor the United States and for the Indians, I
respectfully re< ommend an appiopi tation by Congiess of
the sum of $*100,000 10 enable the Government to execute
the stipulation-, entered into by Geneial Harney."
The amount of $100,000 was fixed in this manner. The
Secretary of the Interior requested Thomas- S. Twi-p, In-
dian agent, Upper Platte, then in Washington, to make an
estimate of the probable amount suthcient to cany into
effect, and to fulfill the condition--, stipulations, and prom-
ises made by Geneial Harney to the Sioux bands, who, m
a letter addressed to the Commissioner of Indians, dated
June 24, Idati. estimated the ^uiu necessary for that purpose
at ^"<2,003, (tee page 10 ot the docum<'ntabovc refenedto.)
and says: '• My expenence m the Indian countiy, as to
what Indians expect to receive as presents when they are
called to act a-s ioldters, has been my guide in making the
estimate for uniform, clothing, aims, and provisions, whilst
acting in the capacity of tribai police "
The Commissioner ot Indians Affairs, 111 his report ac-
companying the above letter of Agent Twiss, dated June
25,1850, sajs: " My opinion is that the estimate of the agent
is below the amount that will he required to carry out the
vanoua stipulations and promises of Geneial Hamey."
The Seciefaiy of the Interior, submitting the above report
of the Commissioner, and the letter of Agent Twiss, to the
President ot the United States, says, in his letter, dated
June 26, 1856 : " It i*> impossible, with the imperfect data
now po-^essed by the Department, to make any satisfactory
estimate; but, Horn all the infoimation on hand, I am in-
clined 10 tlnfik that, besides the estimate of the Indian bu-
reau, there sho ild be enough added for contingencies to
nnke the whole amount$100,000." (See same document,
page& 9 and 10.)
Congrest* did not act upon the recommendation contained
in the President's message of 24th .July, 18ofi, heean«.e it was
sent in so late m the session, and before it came out of the
hands of the Public Printer, Congress had adjourned. At
the beginning of the second session of the Thuty Fourth j
Congress, the Secretary of the Interior renewed his appli-
cation for $100,000 for the "current jear, and applied for
$100,000 more for the fiscal jear commencing on the 1st
July, 1857. When the matter came up the House Commit-
tee on Ways and Means reported favorably upon it; but, at
the suggestion of a member that the treaty made by General
Haineyhad not as yet been ratified by the Senate, the
Hou*e took 110 action on that report of it* committee.
The President, however, did not consider this subject m
the light of a treaty, requiring the confirmation of the Sen-
ate, but guardedly designated it as " stipulations ;" and the
Secretary of Wai says, m his letter to the President, of May
10,1856, already referied to, on page 8 ot the above-men-
tioned House document: u I recommend that the foregoing
articles and stipulations be ipgarded as a valid compact to
be faithfully ob^eived by all officer- and agents of the Uni-
ted States, and that the necessary appropriations be asked
to cairy it into effect." The Secretaiy of War, in his let-
ter to the Secretary of the Inteuor. dated June 9,1856, (see
page 10 of the above-mentioned House document,) says:
It is nnpoitant, a* a means 01 maintaining peace in the In-
dian country, that the convention made by General Harney
should be faithfully obseived.and fully carried into effect."
This letter was referred, on June I l.iyjfi. to tins office, with
the following indorsement, signed by George C. Whiting,
the then Chief Clerk of the Department of the Interior:
" As this Department n now charged with the whole sub-
ject, and responsible for its whole management, it is the (
desne of the  Sf?eretary q£ fl>e Interior that £very effort [•
should be ni'a'dc to oauy out the y.'Itliin vJ22c's!:ons, ir/J to :
preserve the friendly and peaceable relations with the In-
dians."
It thus appears that the stipulations were favorably re-
ported on by the House Committee of Ways and Means,
but that the recommendation of the President for an appro-
priation to carry them into effect was not responded to by
the House of Representatives, on account of a misconcep-
tion of facts. The stipulations were never transmitted by
the President to the Senate for confirmation and ratifica-
tion, because he never considered them to be a treaty, but
merely a new system initiating a tribal police—a mere ad-
ministrative regulation, requiring no ratification, but merely
the necessary lunds to carry it into effect.
In view of the hostile attitude which some of the Sioux
tribes have assumed, as appears from a letter of Agent A.
J. Vaughan, herewith transmitted, and considering thecrit-
ical position of our relations with the Sioux generally, it
seems to me ot the utmost importance that every semblance
of a grievance should be carefully removed, and the prom-
liiesofGcneral Harney to those Indians promptly redeemed.
I think that the sum of $100,000 would at present suffice
for that purpose, and I therefore respectfully recommend
that Congress be asked to appropriate that sum to enable
the Government to execute the stipulations entered into
by General Harney.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
Jicting Commissioner'
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Department of the Interior, June 7, 1858.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
report, with accompanying documents, addressed to this
Department on the 5th instant, by the acting Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, calling my attention to the hostile attitude
assumed by the Menecongrees and Uncpapa bands of Sioux,
or Dacotah Indians, and suggesting that an appropriation of
$100,000 should be asked for to enable this Department to
redeem the promises made by General Harney to nine bands
of the Sioux, at the Council held at Fort Pierre, in Match,
1856.
The subject has already been brought to the attention of
Congress, in a special message from the President of the
United States, dated July 24," 1856,accompanied by an es-
timate of the amountthat would be required foi the purpose,
(Ex. Doe. No. ISO, first session Thnty-Fourth Congress.)
An estimate was again submitted by my predecessor, at
the opening ot the second session of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, but no action was taken, although the Committee of
Ways and Means icported in favor of the appropriation.
For this reason 110 estimate was submitted this year, but
attention was again called to the .subject in the annual re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The Menecongrees, Uncpapa. Rrule, and other bands of
Sioux occupying the country south of the Missouri river,
are among the wildest, moitturbulent, and dangerous within
our limits ; and 111 view of their present hostile attitude, of
which the Department has been but recently advised, and
the absence of tioops, I feel constiained to call the attention
of Congiess to this subject, and respectfully to recommend
that a sufficient sum be furnished to enable the Department
to fulfill the stipulations of the agreement made by General
Harney with the Sioux. Good faith and sound policy alike
demand it, and unless measures ai e promptly taken serious
disturbances will be likely to result.
Very respectfully, jour obedient servant,
J.-THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. James L. Orr,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PEYTON. It seems that General Harney
made an agreement with the Indians that if they
enlisted in the Army he would make these pres-
ents. Did they enlist in the Army, and perform
their part of the contract ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. A full list of In-
dians was never made out and sent to the Depart-
ment and put upon the records. The Department
has never given them their rations, uniform, or
anything else.
Mr. PEYTON. Have they complied with their
part of the contract ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. So far as they had
the power to do so.
Mr. PEYTON. Then they have never entered
the Army or performed any service?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There were other
stipulations besides what I have mentioned.
Mr. PEYTON. If they have performed no ser-
vice upon their part, I am unwiJlingto pay them.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. They have done
a good deal. They have dispersed their bands,
declared that they would be upon terms of peace,
amity, and good will, and that they would not dis-
turb our settlements; and a hundred other things,
just such as the gentleman from Kentucky might
expect the Indians would make stipulations for.
They complain that two years have elapsed, and
that we have not performed our promises.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Second amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to adjust difficul-
ties and preserve peace with the Cut-Head and Yanctonaise
bands of Sioux Indians, $25,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend concurrence.
Th'e a'mcn'dmcnt tff fe Serfotfc v,ras ccrrcurr'ed in.
