1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
taken to sustain the previous question,and bring
the House to a direct vote, one hundred and three
members voted in the affirmative; thus showing
that they too are prepared to act now on this
question, without further delay. Two hundred
and four members have thus exhibited their de-
sire that this question shall be closed and determ-
ined in one way or the other. And yet, sir, the
honorable member from Virginia asks that these
two hundred and four members shall postpone
further action for ten days longer, to accommo-
date seven or eight others, whose opportunities
for investigation have been asgood as ours. Some
want time to consider, and some desire to leave
and be absent for a few days. Sir, I am opposed
to this delay. I regard it as not only unneces-
sary, but as unreasonable. If gentlemen are not
prepared to vote for this measure, let them vote
against it; and to them will belong the responsi-
bility. At any rate, sir, let us take a vote, and
put an end to this question.
Mr. LETCHER. If my colleague desires to
have tins subject debated, all he has to do is to
withdraw the motion to postpone, and allow the
debate to go on.
Mr. GARNETT. IIow long will be given to
us for debate ? Will gentlemen come to an under-
standing that the vote shall be taken at a fixed
day hereafter >
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to that
being the understanding—that the vote shall be
taken in a reasonable tune. But here we are en-
gaged in (his discussion. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] made a speech this
morning. Others desiie to be heard in reply to the
views which he presented, but the motion of my
colleague cuts ofl' that discussion, and we have
now given up some two hours which might have
been employed in that debate, and winch would
have brought it very nearly to a conclusion.
Mr. GARNETT. Before the gentleman from
Kentucky made his speech, a demand was made
for the pievious question. How did my colleague
vote on that.— for or against seconding it?
Mr. LETCHER.. I voted for it, and I should
vote for it again unless some arrangement was en-
tered into which was suisfactory to parties here,
by which the vote shall be taken at a given time.
My opinion is made up on the subject; and hav-
ing it made up, I can see no reason for delaying
action and allowing this measure which has con-
sumed so much of the time of the House, to con-
sume still more, to the prejudice of the remnant
of the session that is still left.
If the gentlemen aie not ready to bring this
question to a close, it is manifest from the vote on
seconding the call for the previous question, that
the debate can be continued such length of time
as may be desired They have the majority,
and they can vote down the call for the previous
question whenever that matter is presented; and
they can, having that power, allow this debate to
run on*to-day, and to-morrow, and the next day,
and even for a week, if it shall seem agreeable to ci
majority that has the power, as is illustiated by the
vote. Now, all that 1 desire is to get it out of
the way. Let us have it disposed of. Let it be
decided, either in the passage or m the defeat
of the biil, and let us go to whatever is left of the
duties which belong to us in our representative
character, and then go home.
Mr. BONHAM. What js the motion before
the House to be first voted on 3
The SPEAKER The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
that the postponement he only until to-morrow.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Speaker, i had some-
thing to do with the original motion to postpone
this question till the second Monday of May, and
I beg leave of the House to state the circumstances
under which that motion was made, and then to
give the leat-ons why i sustain the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia now. The honorable
member from Georgia [Mr. Hill] moved to post-
pone until Thursday week, which woul J have
been to-day week. At my instance he amended
it, by saying Monday two weeks. This was why
it was done, and why I now sustain the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia; the honorable
member from Mississippi [Mr. Quitmax] upon
my right, delivers an oration before the Palmetto
association, on Tuesday next,-and the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Miles] de-
livers an oration on the following day at Charles-
ton. My honorable colleague upon my left [Mr.
Keitt] and myself are to accompany those gen-
tlemen to South Carolina, and my arrangements
have been made to leave this evening. These are
the circumstances under which the motion was
made, and the reasons in part for which it was
made. Other gentlemen desired time to examine
the matter, and still oLhers an opportunity to dis-
cuss the question.
I am now in favor of the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett;] but if it can-
not prevail, 1 would like to have the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee withdrawn, in order
that a vote may be taken this evening.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The remarks of the gentle-
man from South Carolina have removed a doubt
from my mind in reference to the matter of which
he has been speaking. If it is the desire of gen-
tlemen to be absent next week, it seems to me
they can better accomplish their purpose by dis-
posing of the public business before attending to
private affairs. Butwh treason is there for post-
poning this matter? We were not in this Hail
one week before all the questions which are now
before us were introduced. On the first or second
day that this House fust resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
a gentleman rose, and introduced the subject of
Kansas. Prom the middle of December down to
the present time, the end of April, four or five
months, there has been hardly a day upon which
this subject has not been, in some manner, before
thisHouse. Is thcreanygentleman in this House,
except the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gar-
nett,] who has not made up his mind how he
shall vote ?
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
has shown that theie aie something like two hun-
dred and five or two hundred and six members,
there being in ail two hundred and fourteen, who
have declared their readiness to vote, and declaied
before this House that their minds are made up.
Then why should action bedelayed ? Whyshould
this agitation and excitement, and interruption of
public business, be continued ? We have now but
thirty-two woi king days left between this and the
period fixed foradjournment, butthirty-two work-
ing days m which to dispose of the immense mass
of business before us Theie was published in
one of the New York newspapers yesterday, a
fearful list of the bills which have been before this
House, and which have remained unacted upon.
There are from six to ten public appropriation
bills, and there arc hundreds of private bills re-
quiring our attention; and is it asking too much;
to urge gentlemen to hurry through with their
politics? I do not ask them to discard politics,
but to come to an immediate conclusion upon this
matter, in order that they may attend to public
business. Is there a man upon any side of the
House who will deny that the public business,
from the beginning of the session down to the
present moment, has been interrupted and delaved
by this matter ? If tips be so, en n it be the pleas-
ure of gentlemen thus to neglect their public du-
ties in order to keep the country in agitation, when
it seems to be conceded that there is a majoi ity of
this House willing to settle it in some manner?
Kor myself, and I sneak for my cons'ituents, any
result is pieferable to this state of things. If stag-
nates business; it creates bad feelings; it divides
fiiends; K does everything which we ought to
avert. I appeal to the House to bring th-s matter
to a vote; and for that purpose I demand the pre-
vious question
M r. W ASH BURN, of Maine, demanded tellers.
Mr. GROW. Was not the previous question
tho question on which the last vote was taken''
The SPEAKER. It was; but there has been
debate since it was taken.
Mr. GROW. Does the Chair hold that debate
is action?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that it hi? view
be correct, the House never could call rhe previous .
question after it had once been vot<d down, and
debue would be interminable. The Chair would
not entertain a demand for the previous question
immediately after it had been voted dowo, unless
debate or some action had intervened. The Chair
is of opinion that the necessaiy action has taken
place.
Mr. GROW. I believe the rule is, that busi-
ness must intervene before the same motion c^n
be repeated. I will not, however, of course, in-
sist upon it against the ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk suggests to the
ChaiV that even in view of the gentleman's posi-
tion, the motion is competent, as a motion has
intervened since the last demand for the previous
question.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Bil-
lingiiurst and Clingman were appointed.
The House divided; and tellers reported—ayes
103, noes 110.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Pending the division of the House,
Mr. GARNETT said: 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
it while the House is dividing.
The question recurred upon Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the proposition of his colleague,
[Mr. Garnltt.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (at three minutes
after three o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. In defeience, sir, to whatl
believe to be the wishes of some of the gentlemen
with whom I have been acting, I was about to
propose that I would withdraw my motion to
postpone, upon the understanding, on all sides,
that this debate might continue to-day,'and that
we would come to a final vote upon the bill to-
morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. ATKINS. I object.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the gentleman will
hear me before he objects. I have found since that
the arrangement will not suit the convenience of
one, at least, of my friends.
Mr. BON HA VI. I withdraw any objection to it.
Mr. GARNETT. Then, sir, if there be no
objection, and that can be the general understand-
ing of both parties, I withdraw the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. M1LLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 believe the mo-
tion to postpone is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr GARNETT. Well, I desire the floor to
finish what I had to say.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The Speaker
will decide who is entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Virginia withdrew his motion to postpone, his
colleague [Mr. Millson] rose and addressed the
Chair before any other gentleman, and is. there-
fore, entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 ask my colleague to allow
me to make a further explanation.
Mr. MILLSON. I yield to my colleague for
that purpose
Mr. GARNETT. I was about to say that I
still believe that the motion that f originally made
was the best; but, for the sake of conciliation and
harmony, I was willing to withdiaw it. with the
understanding, on all sides, that the vote should
be taken to-moirow at two o'clock. 1 did not
move to postpone the subject till that time, be-
cause that would have cut off debate upon the
mam question. I withdiew my motion with that
uiideistandmg, in order that we might have to-
dav, and till two o'clock to-morrow, for debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickmax] distinctly objected to such
an understanding.
Mr. GARNETT. Do I understand that my
proposition is objected to?
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARNETT. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania object to it?
Mr."HICKMAN. I do, sir.
Mi*. GARNETT. Then it is impossible for
me to withdraw my motion without that under-
standing
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has already withdiawn his motion, and his
colleague has been recognized.
Mr." MILLSON. M ". Speaker, the motion of
my colleague having been withdrawn,! have risen
fur the purpose for which I took the floor an
hour ago. I wish to answer the complaints of
the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
and <>f t he gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. How-
ard,] who spoke yesterday'. They have assumed
