1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
808
igation of the great northern lakes, in the same
manner and to the same extent as the owners of
such vessels upon the ocean.
The bill was^ reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate proceed
to consider the first bill on the Calendar—Senate
bill No. 64. It is a bill that ought to be passed
promptly.
The motion was agreed to; and'the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 6-1) to equalize the saiaiies
of certain judges of the courts for the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes.
Mr. PEARCE. I desite to have that bill post-
poned for a while. I wish to move an amend-
ment to it. I am exceedingly unwell to-day, and
unable to attend to it. I should like to have it
passed over. I move that it be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
GENERAL LA FAYETTE'S LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. SLIDELL. The first bill on the Private
Calendar was postponed on Friday last at my in-
stance, on accountof the absence of my colleague.
It is the bill (S. No. TJ) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the relocation of land war-
rants Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress to
General La Fayette," approved February 26,
1845. I ask the Senate now to consider that bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill.
It proposes to amend the " Act to authorize the
relocation ofland warrants Nos. 3, 4, and 5, grant-
ed by Congress to General La Fayette,"approved
February 26, 1845, that the legal holders or as-
signees of the warrants Nos. 4 and 5 may relocate
them upon any of the public lands of the United
States subject to entry at private sale at the sum
of jl 25 per acre; but such location is to be made
in accordance with the legal divisions and subdi-
visions of the public surveys.
Mr. SLIDELL. The reason why I asked for
the postponement of this bill when it was last .
before the Senate, was, that I desired to offer an i
amendment. I do not think the bill in itspiesent j
shape does justice to the merits of the application. ;
It is to enable the present holders of land war- !
rants that were granted to General La Fayette, 1
and which were entered on lands that proved not
to be subject to entry, to relocate them. The Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims have reported a bill
giving relief; but not to the extent to which I think
it ought to be carried. They confine the loca-
tions to lands subject to private entry at $1 25
per acre. I think the same privilege ought to be
accorded to the present holders of these warrants
as were given to General La Fayette; and that
the right of location ought to be extended to all
public lands not subject to some special reserva-
tion. I have consulted with my colleague, and
he agrees with me as to the amendment I now
propose to offer; and I presume there will be no'
objection to it on the part of the Senate. The fac-
ulty of entering his warrants on any land was
given to General La Fayette in 3804; and these
men, after having made various attempts to locate
their lands, find themselves now, after having paid
a large price for these warrants, if this bill be
passed in its present form, with the simple priv-
ilege of entering lands at J] 25 per acre. My col-
league, on a further examination of the case, as-
sents to the amendment. I move to strike out the
words " subject to entry at private sale at the
sum of $1 25per acre,'5 and insert " not specially
reserved." I presume that will be sufficient.
Mr. PUGH. That seems to me a very import-
ant amendment, changing the character of the
bill, and I think the Senate ought to hesitate be-
fore ag reeing 10 it. I am not awtue that such
warrants have been heretofore entered except on
lands subject to private entry.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that if he hears the report read, he will be
satisfied.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I might perhaps satisfy the
gentleman from Ohio with a word or two. These
land warrants were originally issued in favor of
General LaJFayette. He was authorized to locate
them on any lands of the United States, to have
them surveyed to suit himself anywhere, and to
locate the warrants anywhere, without reserva-
tion, even on unsurveyed land. He was also au-
thorized to sell his warrants. He sold his war-
rants for a price largely exceeding $1 25, for which
public lands subject to entry can be obtairfed; and
these warrants were located under the act of
March 27, 1804. The location of warrants num-
bered three, four, and five, was found to be on
lands which were claimed by private individuals,
and their^ claims were subsequently confirmed.
The location was therefore null.
Subsequently, in 1845, Congress authorized a
relocation. The warrants were again located; hut
oil application for a patent the locations on two
of the wai rants were canceled by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, because the
lands were covered by live-oak timber, so that
here again was a special reason for not allowing
the location. Tins is a third attempt to locate
these wart ants; and now instead of giving the
entire privilege allowed General La Fayette ori-
ginally, which was to select lands anywhere, we
confine these holders of his rights to the location
of lands which have been already surveyed and
that are not reserved, but we allow them to select
lands which have not yet been offered for sale.
We limit the right of General La Fayette's assign-
ees, but we give them something more than the
right to enter the lands offered for sale at $1 25,
because that, in reality, would only give them
ninety to one hundred cents an acre for their rights
—the price at which a land warrant can be bought.
These parties paid large sums, much exceeding
the ordinary price, in consequence of the privilege
given to General La Fayette to locate them any-
where. In fact the words which my colleague
proposes to strike out, were inserted as the usual
formula from our Committee on Private Land
Claims without any special intention so to limit
the right of the parties making the application. I
think their equity is a very clear one, and I have
no objection to my colleague's amendment.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator tell me the date
of the land warrants and the acts'
Mr. BENJAMIN. The first was in 1804 and
the second act was in 18-15
Mr. PUGH. But what was the date of the
original warrant which could be located on any
land ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1803.
Mr. PUGH. Since that time most of the pub-
lic lands have been surveyed.
Mr COLLAMER. 1 wi\h to ask the Senator
from Louisiana whether the bill as proposed to
be amended, will extend the privilege of locating
these land warrants on the alternate sections re-
served in the railroad grants. They are not re-
served after a certain time, but they are put at
§2 50 an acre. Would not this authorize the
parties to locate on those lands ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think it would, and I
think it is far less than the rights originally in-
tended to be granted to General La Fayette. I hap-
pen to be familiar with this subject from the fact
that I was the counsel in the litigation for many
of these land warrants which were originally lo-
cated by General La Fayette and his agents im-
mediately around New Orleans, on city lands.
Many of these locations held good, and the land
which was covered by them is worth thousands
of dollars per acre, instead of hundreds of cents.
Three or four of the warrants were placed on
land which ultimately was confirmed to private
claimants. The land thus located would have
been worth probably one hundred thousand dol-
lars or more on these three warrants. The loca-
tion failed by reason of private claimants making
good their title under the former French or Span-
ish Governments. The relocation, if made by
General La Fayette, would have been made under :
the statutes of the Uhited States upon any land in
the United States belonging to the Government
which he had a right to select himself, to have
surveyed, and to ask a patent for. It was a spe-
cial favor granted to him. When the relocation
was made in 1845, the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office decided that live-oak timber be-
ing especially reserved by statute from entry, he
would not permit the location to be on such land.
This is now a third attempt at the location. These
parties have all the rights of General La Fayette
and I think that the amendment proposed by my
colleague restricts them within much narrower
bounds than he himself would have if he were
still owner of the warrants, because he or his heirs
could select any land, but his assignees were not
allowed this benefit by the General Land Office,
on what ground I am not able to state. I think,
however, their equity is a very clear one.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to look into this bill.
I prefer to have it postponed. It is not usual for
the Committee on Private Land Claims, 1 believe;
to report a bill allowing warrants to be located on
public lands; that subject rather belongs to the
Committee.on Public Lands; but I make no ob-
jection on that score. It is very, evident this is
claimed to be an exceptional case; and under the
bill as proposed to be amended, these land war-
rants may be located on alternate sections, which
we have reserved in the railroad grants. I believe
my friend from Louisiana acknowledges that the
bill does go to that extent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. After those lands become
hereafter subject to entry.
Mr. PUGH. But the amendment is to strike
out that, and to authorize them to be located on
any public lands not specially reserved; so that,
if we to-morrow pass a bill which we had up at
the last Congress to authorize the Secretary of
War to abolish certain military posts, these claim-
ants may locate on the lands occupied by those
posts the next day after the Secretary of War finds
the posts to be unnecessary. I do not fully un-
derstand it; but it seems to me we are leaping in
the dark by conferring a power as great as this.
I am sure I would do almost anything for the heirs
of General La Fayette; and I would go as far as
any Senator to give the purchasers the full consid-
eration, and even more than they have paid for
these warrants; but I am apprehensive it will in-
terfere sadly with the general system of surveying
and exposing the public lands to sale. My own
State has been harassed by the Virginia military
titles, where every man was his own surveyor,
and located to suit himself; but I think the owners
of that property have paid for it in the amount of
litigation they have had to undergo in order to es-
tablish anything like a rule of possession. I am
very much disinclined to allow any holder of a
warrant to locate it on his own survey. I prefer
that it should be confined to public lands which
have been surveyed; and I prefer also that some
of the public lands should be excepted out of the
grant; for instance, the alternate sections of rail-
road lands.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator
from Ohio that the bill confines the entry ex-
pressly to lands that have been surveyed.
Mr. PUGH. I was under the impression that
that had been stricken out.
Mr. SLIDELL. No, it is not. If the Senator
from Ohio has any special reservation to make,
I have no objection that it should be embodied
in the amendment, if he fears there will be any
abuse.
Mr. PUGH. I suggested two cases. I think
it ought not to be applied to alternate sections on
railroads. I think they ought not to have the
privilege of locating on any site that has been a
military post, or anything of that sort. They
might have taken up the Fort Snelling property,
before it was sold, and located the warrants there,
under this provision.
Mr. SLIDELL. Of course I am not as familiar
with the sale of public lands as the Senator from
Ohio; I believe he is a member of the Committee
on Public Lands; but as I understand it, neither
of the cases to which he alludes will come within
the purview of this bill. The alternate sections
on lines of railroads are already entirely exempted
by the operation of law. When that reservation
ceases, this faculty will apply to them. As regards
military posts, I am satisfied that under no cir-
cumstances can they ever be brought into market
or be subject to entry or location except under
the authority of the War Department, and perhaps
by the legislation of Congress. I am quite sure
that his apprehensions are imaginary as regards
these two cases; but if he wishes to guard the bill
against any possible abuse, I have no sort of objec-
tion to any amendment that he may propose. In
order to afford time to the Senator from Ohio to
do that, let the bill be postponed until to-morrow,
and then he can offer such amendment as he thinks
necessary.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
