m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
TENNESSEE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BELL. I desire to present a certain pre-
amble and resolutions, passed by the Legislature
of the State of Tennessee; and 1 ask that they may
be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Whereas* the act of 1820, commonly called the Mis-
souri compromise act, was inconsistent with the principles
declared and laid down in the acts of 1850, better known as
the compromise acts of that year; and, whereas, the Mis-
souri compromise act was a palpable wrong done to the
people of the slaveholding States, and should have been
repealed; and whereas, the principle1? of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill meet our unqualified approbation, and should
have received the cordial support of our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress. Whereas, one of those Senators,
Hon. John Bell, in a speech delivered against the Kansas-
Nebraska bill.May25,1854, said: "Anoble,generous,and
high-minded Senator from the South, withm the last few
days before the final vote was taken on the bill, appealed to
me in a manner which I cannot narrate, and which affected
me most deeply. The recollection of it aftects and influ-
ences my feelings now, and ever will. X told the honorable
Senator that there was one feature in the bill which made
it impossible that I should vote for it, if I waived all other
objections. I said to others who had made appeals to me
on the subject, that while it would affoid me great pleasure
to be sustained by my constituents, yet, if f was not, I
would resign my seat here the moment I found my couise
upon this subject was not acceptable to them.' As for my
standing as a public man, and whatever prospect a public
man of long service in the councils of the country might be
supposed to have, I would resign them all with pleasure. I
told that gentleman, that if upon this, or any other great
question affectmg the interest of the South, I should imd
my views conflicting materially with what should appear
to be the settled sentiment of that section, I should fee! it
my imperative duty to retire. I declare here to-day, that
if my countrymen of Tennessee shall declare against ray
course on this subject, and that shall be ascei tamed to a
reasonable certainty,! will not be seen m the Senate a day
afterwards." Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Tennessee, Th'dtwe Cully concur with tlie'flon. John Bell,
as to the duty of a Senator, when the voice of his constitu-
ency has decided against him on a question materially
affecting their interest.
Be it further resolved, That in our opinion,the voice of
Mr. Bel&'s countrymen of Tennessee, in the recent elec-
tions, has declared against his course on the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, a question of vital importance to the South.
Beit further resolved, That out Senators in the Congress
of the United States are hereby instructed, and our Repie-
sentatives are requested, to vote for the admission of Kan-
sas as an independent State, under what is termed the
Lecompton constitution, transmitted to the Senate and
House of Representatives m Congress assembled, by Presi-
dent ftuchanan m his message to them, dated the 2d of
February, 18J8.
Beit further resolved, That the Governor of this State
forwaid a certified copy of these resolutions to our Senators
and Kepiesentatives in the Congress of the United States.
Adopted Fcbiuary id, 4853.
.DANIEL S DONELSON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOHN C. BtlltCfl,
Speaker o f the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, the novel and, as
I think, extraordinary character of these resolu-
tions will, I trust, be a sufficient apology for me,
if I should extend my remarks somewhat further
on them than, under other circumstances, might
seem appropriate and meet for such an occasion.
The first thing which I think will strike the at-
tention of every gentleman who has listened to
the reading of the preamble, and the two resolu-
tions of the series which have been presented to
the Senate, will be the time or date of their adop-
tion by the Legislature of Tennessee, which was
on the 10th of this month, nearly four years after !
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act. You
know, sir, that it has been usual, in the past his-
tory of this country, when the constituents of a
representative in either branch of Congress feel
themselves aggrieved by his course or vote upon
a question materially affecting their interests, to
express their displeasure and declare their cen-
sure promptly, or within some reasonable space of
time after the knowledge of the obnoxious course
or vote has readied them. This is sometimes done
by calling public meetings of the people for that
purpose; in other instances, by resolves of the
Legislature, when it shall be assembled, if it be
not in session when the political transgression oc-
curs. In this case, in regard to my vote on the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, there was no public meet-
ing of the people called to censure or disapprove
my course, nor was there the least excitement
among the people on the subject; nor has there
been any resolve of the Legislature of my State
upon the subject until the present month; nor am
I aware that I have lost a political friend on that
actUn^ S^I1Ce t^16 £assa&e t^ie Kansas-Nebraska
The next thing which will be apt to strike the
attention of those who have listened to the read-
ing of the first clause of the preamble of these
resolutions with some surprise, is the uncommon
hardihood manifested by the majority of the Le-
gislature of my State to indorse and approve,
unconditionally, the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, after the mischievous results of that
measure have become so patent and unmistakable
in the developments of the last four years. They
cannot plead ignorance of those results, particu-
larly after the President had duly and frankly in-
formed them, in his late special message, that one
of those results has been the convulsion of the
Union, and has shaken it to its very center; that it
has lighted up the flames of civil war in Kansas,
and produced dangerous sectional parties through-
out the Confederacy—(I use the language of the
President.) The question whether Kansas shall
become a slave State or a free State, has riveted the
attention of the whole people to such a degree that
no person has thought of anything else. Those
who supported this preamble and resolutions may
have had some reason to ignore the statement of
the President, which they do not care to give to
the public in express terms. That purpose may
be easily conjectured. But I pass on.
The majority of the Legislature say, in the first
resolution of the series—
" Tliat we full}' concur with the Hon. John Celt, as to the
duty of a Senator when the voice of his constituency has
decided against him on a question materially affecting their
interest."
The second resolution declares—
" That in our opinion the voice of Mr. Bell's countrymen
of Tennessee, m the recent elections, has declared against
tus couise on the Kansas-Nebraska bill, a question of vital
importance to the South."
I agree that the Kansas-Nebraska bill was a
question of the deepest importance to the South;
but I disagree with the majority of the members
of the Legislature of Tennessee in the opinion ex-
pressed by them that the people of Tennessee have
declared against my course in the recent elections.
I take it for granted that by the "recent elections"
referred to in the second resolution—the three gen-
eral elections which have taken place in Tennes-
see since the passage of that act, are included
under the descriptive adjective " recent;" and I
proceed briefly to notice those elections in the
order in which they occurred.
The first election winch occurred in Tennessee
after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
was in August, 1835, about fifteen months after
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act. The
staple of the discussion in the canvass which pre-
ceded that election was Americanism, or the prin-
ciples and formula adopted by the party which
had recently sprung up in the country. This was
so on both sides, pro and con. The Kansas-
Nebraska bill may have been adverted to to some
extent, but I never heard during the pendency of
that election, that the Kansas-Nebraska question
was made one uf any interest exceptin those dis-
tricts the former representatives of which had
voted against that bill. The result ofthatelection
was that the party in opposition to the Democ-
racy, in other words the Americans and Whigs
who did not belong properly to the American par-
ty, but who stood in opposition to the Democracy,
carried the majority of the members of both
Houses of the Legislature; but the Democratic
candidate for Governor defeated the Ameiican
candidate by some three thousand votes. I have
not recently referred to the statistics on this sub-
ject, and state them from my prescntrecollection.
1 will not go into the particular causes which led
to the defeat of the American gubernatorial can-
didate in that election, considering it inexpedient
under the circumstances, because to do so might
lead to a discussion between my colleague and
myself, who was the candidate of the Democratic
party in that election.
In the canvass of that election I did not partici-
pate, even to the extent of making a single speech,
not feeling called upon to do so by any attack
upon my course upon the Kansas-Nebraska billi
Nor was I called upon by the leaders of the
American party to say anything in their support,
they feeling the utmost confidence in their strength
to carry the election without any aid from me.
If I were technically minded on such a subject
as this, I might bar all further proceedings against
me as to any pledges I may have made by plead-
ing that, upon questions ofpolitical transgression,
after so great a lapse of time, there ought to be no
reckoning; but I disdain such a protection.
The next election which came off was in No-
vember, 185G—two years and six months after the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. In that
election, as you know, sir, Mr. Fillmore was the
candidate of the American party; Mr. Buchanan
of the Democratic party. In the canvass which
preceded that election, Americanism, as in 1855,
was the principal subject of controversy. The
Kansas-Nebraska bill, however, was occasionally
introduced in the public discussions, and, to some,
extent, debated; but, in the progress of the can-
vass, both these subjects, on the part of the lead-
ers of the Democracy, came to be but little dwelt
upon; and, towards the close of the canvass, they
may be said to have been superseded altogether.
The strong indications developed in the canvass
at the North of the probable success of Mr. Fre-
mont, the candidate of that formidable Republican
party which has had such potent effects in the
elections of the South, furnished a more powerful
and effective argument for the Democratic leaders;
and they availed themselves of it. Both Amer-
icans and Whigs were appealed to, in the most
forcible and pathetic strains, to waive all party
prejudices, past and present, to discard all preju-
dices and party predilections, and rally to the sup-
port of Mr. Buchanan, who, it was insisted, could
alone defeat the election of Mr. Fremont. It was
declared that Mr. Fillmore had no chance to be
elected; and that, if it should happen that Mr.
Fremont should be elected, the probability was
that the Union would be dissolved; or, at all
events, that the interests of the South, particu-
larly in relation to the subject of slavery, would
be sacrificed.
I make these statements without the fear of con-
tradiction from any quarter. After the result of
the State election of Pennsylvania was known in
Tennessee, thousands of Whigs and Americans,
influenced in part by the fears inculcated by the
leaders of the Democratic party, and in part by
their own reflections on the subject, lost heart,
lost confidence in the election of Mr. Fillmore,
and went over to the support of Mr. Buchanan.
The result was that Mr. Buchanan carried the
State of Tennessee; and it was the first time in a
period of twenty years that that party had suc-
ceeded in a presidential election in that State. It
is a significant fact, connected with the subject of
these resolutions, that Mr. Fillmore, who had de-
clared that if he had been a member of Congress
he would have voted against the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, received sixty-six thousand votes from the
freemen of Tennessee, under all the apprehen-
sions which had been excited of the election of
Mr. b'remont, and that his electio'n would be the
signal for the separation of the southern from the
northern States. Mr. Buchanan bad a majority
of only about seven thousand votes. I allude to
the fact merely to show how little weight the re-
sult of such an election as that could have in de-
termining the question whether my constituents
had decided against my course on the Kansas-
Nebraska bill.
The next election which took place in Tennes-
see came oft'last year, in August, 1857—more than
..three years after the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act. It is true that, in that election, the
Democracy carried both blanches cf the Legis-
lature, and that their Governor was elected by a
largely increased vote. The fact was, that the
American party, and the Whigs who united with
them in the recent contests in Tennessee, discour-
aged and depressed by the unexpected defeat in
the fall of 1856, only some six or eight months
before, could not be incited to make an active can-
vass except in a few counties, while in numerous
others great numbers of them did not even go to
the polls. That I state as a fact notorious in the
section of Tennessee in which I reside.
As to the extent to which the Kansas-Nebraska
bill assisted the results of that election, I have to
state that, so far as I am informed, that subject
was made a topic of discussion wherever on the
part of the Democracy they believed capital could
be made out of it; but only in a single congres-
sional district, that of my late colleague in the
House, Mr. Etheridge, was that, the main or ex-
clusive question discussed 111 the canvass. The
result of the contest in his district was that he was
defeated by a very small vote, according to my
presentrecollection, derived from the public prints,
by no more than one hundred and forty-two, or
not exceeding one hundred and fift^ votes, and
