1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
netting the officers who are to receive the votes.
IF gentlemen deny the authority of Congress to
exercise this power, I might adopt the Socratic
method of argument, and inquire who, then, is to
determine the qualifications of voters, and who
shall appoint the "agents to receive the votes? If
it is answered, the people of Kansas, I ask, again,
by what authority ? The Territorial Legislature ?
Now, the Territorial Legislature derives its au-
thority from Congress; so that, at last, you are
brought to Congress, as the source of all the power
which can be exercised in determining whether
they shall be a State, or in making the constitu-
tion under which they desire to be governed.
It is eminently proper, in my view of this case,
that we should submit this question to the people
of Kansas, to be assented to or rejected by them,
before they come into the Union. Suppose we
bring Kansas into the Union, upon her present
application, but without accepting her ordinance.
She may say, " 1 never asked for admission into
the Union, except upon the terms indicated in my
ordinance." Wnat, then, would be the condition
of the people of Kansas? Would they be a State
in the Union or not? The people of Kansas never
assented to the proposition contained in the act
of Congress. They have asked admission upon
certain terms; and if you reject those terms, then
I ask whether they are a State in the Union or
liot? If she is a State in the Union, then has she
the right to secede from the Union in consequence
of having never assented to the terms on which
she was admitted ?
Mr. Q.UITMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a few words in reply to his speculations
on my position?
Mr. MILLSON. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. QUITMAN. I had not intended, after
seeking the floor yesterday without success, to
trouble the House with stating the reasons why
I opposed this bill; but I can give them in a few
words. I construe the bill reported by the com-
mittee of conference as an express submission of
the question of the admission of Kansas under
theLecompton constitution back to the people of
Kansas, and thus virtually referring to them the
adoption or rejection of the constitution, the more
objectionable because that reference is not made
to the quasi sovereignty which acted upon that
instrument originally, nor to the people acting
under an organized government, but to a disor-
ganized mass of voters, who cannot speak for the
sovereignty of a State.
I oppose the measure, in the second place, be-
cause it is a concession upon this question which
I, as a southern man, am not prepared lo make.
I regard this contest as a mere incident to the sla-
very question. I am desirous of seeing this great
issue between the North and South brought to a
fair, honest,and final settlement, which shall for-
ever recognize the full constitutional equality of
the slaveholding States, If we can come to terms,
no man in the House will rejoice more than I. If
we cannot, let us separate. These are the main
reasons why I oppose this bill.
I will answer the other question propounded
by the gentleman, that I look upon the act of
the people of Kansas as complete—as an act of
quasi sovereignty, with the consent of the United 1
States, in the formation of a constitution. I re- ;
gard that act as complete and binding upon the
people of Kansas, and as the only voice that wo
have received here in regard to their will. I have
opposed the reference of the whole question back ;
to the people of Kansas, or even to any political (
power in Kansas; and I oppose it now the more '
because it is simply a reference back to the indi- j
vidual men who may be entitled to vote at the
time this vote is to be taken. These are, in short, j
some of the reasons why, with all respect for the I
opinions of my political friends, I cannot support!
tliis bill. I will not take any more of the gentle- I
man's time by saying more. '
Mr. MILLSON. The House will now, I trust, j
perceive the application of the views I was en- j
deavoring to present at the time the gentleman'
from Mississippi asked me to yield to him. The
gentleman says he regards the act as complete,
and Kansas entitled to admission. Would he
yield to her demand for admission upon the terms
proposed by her, claiming twenty-five or thirty
million acres of the public land ?
Mr. QUITMAN. Iask the gentleman to allow
me to say that I have never regarded these prop-
ositions in respect to land grants as forming any
of the conditions on which a State is admitted into
the Union. I wish to make this single other re-
mark: that Congress either has or has not the
right to restrict the entire rights of a State. If
she does restrict them, then they are not binding
upon the StaCe, because she can only admit the
State upon one condition or the other.
Mr. MILLSON. I have no disposition now
to go into an inquiry whether the gentleman is
right or wrong in the belief that there is no au-
thority or validity in this ordinance claiming land.
The point which I presented was, that if the peo-
ple of Kansas ask for admission into the Union,
upon certain conditions, whether, if we reject
those conditions, she is l^und by her application ?
And I made this further inquiry: whether the act
ofadmission upon these modified terms on the part
of Congress, will, of necessity, bring her into the
Union sfgainst her protest? Will you consider her
in the Union if she says, " I asked foradmission
into the Union upon the terms which I have pro-
posed, and upon no other terms?" And if she is
in the Union, then I ask as to her right to with-
draw or secede from it ?
I will not appeal to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi upon this point, because I know his views
upon the general question of the right of a State
to secede; as he, doubtless, knows mine. But I
submit, that if Kansas should exercise this right,
the southern Democratic members would be placed
in a very anomalous position towards her. They
might be tempted to resist the exercise of this
power, and thus do violence to their own constitu-
tional opinions;—while gentlemen upon the other
side of the House,whose normal position is against
the right of a State to secede, might be found sus-
taining Kansas in the exercise of this right. I
say, therefore, let us avoid these possible difficul-
ties, by submitting the question to the people of
Kansas before they come in. WheS-e is the objec-
tion to that? If they avail themselves of the oc-
casion, to withdraw their application altogether,
because of objections they may have to their own
constitution, we cannot help that.
A word more as to the objections of gentlemen,
on the other side of the House, who say they have
no confidence in the fairness with which these
elections will be conducted. Gentlemen tell us of
the frauds that have been perpetrated in Kansas,
and some of them seem to suppose that these
frauds have been sympathized in, if not openly
defended, by gentlemen on the Democratic side
of the House. Sir, I rejoice to say, I have never
met one man from the South, who has attempted
to justify or defend these frauds; and I hope no
one will ever be found to defend or justify them.
I hope the South will be too mindful of her fair
character, to tarnish it by any complicity with
fraud or crime. A " good name," sir, is our " im-
mediate jewel." If, in order to secure the admis-
sion of a State, so hostile to our interests, and so
foreign from our sympathies, as Kansas will be,
the South should sully her ancicnt reputation by
defending or excusing the frauds that have been
committed on her behalf, she would imitate the
foolish prodigality of the royal harlot of Egypt,
and dissolve her pearl in vinegar, only that she
might drink the unpalatable mixture.
But the South knows too well her duty to her-
self, she .knows too well the condition of Kansas,
to tempt her to any sacrifice of her reputation.
We know that Kansas is not an ally of the South.
We know that we are only supporting a measure
which must bring material advantage to the North
and loss and disadvantage to the South; and we
have been moved as much by a desire to maintain
the good faith of the Government, and to restore
harmony and peace to the country, as by any
other consideration. We have desired, too, to re-
pel the efforts made on the other side of the House
to produce injurious and erroneous impressions
upon the public mind, at the North, by represent-
ations that their honor is insulted by a dominant
majority in Congress, sustained by a Democratic !
Administration." That is not the true state of the
case. We know and feel that we have no practi- ;
cal interest in this controversy; but that we are
simply choosing that method of terminating it,
which will be most acceptable to our people, in
being least injurious to their interests, and least,
repulsive to their sensibilities. '
Mr. CLARK, of New York, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. LETCHER, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr/ CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Branch, Brayton, Bryan,
Buffititon, Builingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Caruthers,
Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark,
Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Com-
ins, Covode, Uragm, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durfee, Edie, Bustis, Fenton,
Poster, Garnett, Gihnan, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goods, Goodwin,
Grander, Grow, Robert B. Hall. Harlan, J. Morrison Har-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Haskm, Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard,
Howard, Keitt. Kellogg, Kelsey, ILilgore, Kliapp, Leach,
Leiter, Letcher, Loveioy, McKibbin, Huniphrey Marshall,
Samuel 8. Maishall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Morgan,Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, jPettit, Pike, Pottle, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Ititclne, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Sin-
gleton, Robert Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood,
Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Elliiiu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Zolhcoffer—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Alll, Anderson, Avery, Bishop, Bocock,
Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, John 13.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Cockerill, Corning,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige.Crawfoid, Ouiry, David-
son, Dewart, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Fioience, Foley,
Gartrcll, Gillis, Greenwood, Groesbeck, Laivrence W.
Hall, Hatch, Houston, Hughes, Huyier, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Juries,
Kelly, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Maclay, McQueen, Mil-
ler, Millyon, Moore, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Russell. Sandidge
Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Henry M. Shaw, Statlworth,
Stephens, Stevenson, Talbot, Tnppe, Ward, Watkms,
White, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus It. Wnght, and John V. Wright—84.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. ICNAPP stated that Mr. Gilujings had
paired off with Mr. Smith, of Tennessee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, asked to have en-
tered upon the Journal a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House laid upon the table Sen-
ate bill (No. 151) further to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the Provident Association
of the clerks in the several Departments of the
Government of the United States, in the District
of Columbia."
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he voted for the
adjournment, understanding that in the morning
the gentleman from South Carolina would call for
the previous question.
And then the House (at twenty minutes past
four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, clpril 30, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State, in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 24th ultimo, requesting information
relative to the seizure in the valley of Sitana, in
Peru, by the authorities of Chili, of a sum of
money belonging to citizens of the United States;
which was, on motion of Mr. Huxter, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senatp relative to the United States re-
served sections in township eighty-nine, range
forty-seven, in the State of Iowa; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and bo printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 542) to authorize the vestry of
Washington parish to take and inclose certain
parts of streets in Washington city, for the pur-
pose of extending the Washington Cemetery, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Thomas
W. Jordan, late captain's clerk on board the Uni-
ted States ship Predoma, praying to be allowed
the difference between his pay, as captain's clerk,
