29X4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
same, or by such other officers as the said States may re-
spectively designate for that purpose; and said land warrants
he for not Fess than eighty, nor over one hundred and sixty
acres each: Provided, That no State shall he authorized to
locate any warrants in its own name, or for its own benefit;
and that no warrants issued under the provisions of this act
shall be located upon any lands to which there shall be any
preemption right, or on which there shall be any actual set-
tlement or cultivation, except by the person holding such
v preemption right, or by such settler or cultivator.
Sec. 4- Jlndbe it farther enacted, That all mineral lands
are hereby reserved to,the United States from the operation
of this act, except such as are, or hereafter may be, by law,
subject to private entry by individuals.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was taken; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 68, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Blair, Bliss, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Horace P. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Comins,Covode, Cragin, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dewart, D&dd, Durfee,
Eustis, Foster, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard, Kellogg, Kilgore,
John C. Ivunkel, Leiter, Lovejoy, Malte&on, Maynard, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Murray, Palmer, Parker, Purviance, Heady,
JteiUy, Ritchie, Roberts,Royce, Judson W. Sherman,Stan-
ton, William Stewart, George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Warren, and Zolli-
coffer—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, AM,Atkins, Billinghurst. Bowie,
Cavanaugh, John B, Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Corning, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Edmundson, English, Penton, Foley,
Giddings, Goode, Gregg, Grow, Thomas L. Harris, Hop-
kins, Houston, Howard, Hriyler, Jewott, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Knapp, Jacob M.
Ivunkel, Letcher, Maclay, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Miles,Million,Mott, Niblack, John S. i*helps, William W.
Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Quitman, Reagan, RufTiti,
Russell, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, William Smith,
Spinner, Stephens, James A. Stewait, Miles Taylor, Cl-
lihu B. Washburne, White, Winsiow, Woodson, and Wor-
tendyke—66.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the call,
Mr. WALBRIDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Waldron, had paired off with Mr. Wright,
of Georgia* for the remainder of the session.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
amendments of the Senate to the mail steamer ap-
propriation bill be made the special order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
until disposed of; and on that motion I call for
the previous question.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am rather opposed to this
steamer bill. I ask that it be read before we make
it the special order. I think there are many bet-
ter ways of spending the public money.
The SPEAKER. The bill is in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think that we have a right
to have it read, I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
gentleman's point of order. The bill, with the
Senate amendments, is in committee; and of course
the reading of it is not in order in the House,
if objected to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I only ask that
we shall follow the regular course. 1 ask for the
previous question on my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo put.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, I move that gen-
eral debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be terminated within five min-
utes after the House shall go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House le-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Millson- in the chair.)
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendments
of the Senate to the mail steamer appropriation
bill are before the committee as a special order.
There are five amendments, and the Committee
of Ways and Means report a concurrence in one,
and non-concurrence in the remaining four. I
will explain as the amendments come up:
First amendment:
Strike out the following paragraph:
" For transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
erpool, and back, #346,500; and it is hereby provided that
there be paid to the Post Office Department, out of said ap-
propriation, such sums as may be required to procure the
transportation of the mails frorf^Ncw York to Liverpool,
and back, on such days as the Collins line may fail to take
them from New York
And insert, in lieu thereof, as follows:
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and back, in pursuance of the contract with E. K.
Collins and others, $346,500. Jlnd it is hereby provided, That
for such days as the said Collins and others shall fail to per-
foim said service, the Postmaster General is authorized to
contract with the owner or owners of any other steam ves-
sel or vessels to perform said service, by transpoiting the
mails from such port in the United States to such port in
Great Britain as he may select, and that the cost thereof bB
deducted from any amount which may be due, or may be-
cume due, to E. K. Collins & Co. for services actually per-
formed. And the Postmaster General may, with the con-
sent of the contractors, change the European termination
of said route, under the contract aforesaid, from Liverpool
to Southampton.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a non-concur-
rence in that amendment. The substance of the
amendment is the same as the original provision.
It proposes, however, to change one of the term-
ini, substituting Southampton for JLiverpool. It
being a contract, the committee thought it ought
not to be interfered with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does it not also
differ in authorizing the Postmaster General, if
the Collins line failed to carry the mails on the
days contracted, to contract with other vessels,
not to carry from New Yoik to Liverpool, but
from any port in the United States to any port in
Great Britain ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There is a slight
difference in that respect. I have not examined
that point particularly; but this bill, as originally
passed by this House, contained a proviso that
the Postmaster General might draw upon this
fund to contract with any other steam vessels to
carry the mails between New York and Liver-
pool, in case of default of Collins & Co. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
call the attention of the committee to a peculiarity
which has been brought to my notice in relation
to this amendment, and which operates upon two
other lines, (the Bremen and Havre lines,) as I
understand, most unjustly. The bonus given to
Collins & Co. was a bonus which we were told
would be necessary to enable them to enter into
competition with the Cunard line of steamers
plying between New York and Liverpool. I rec-
ollect that I was one of those who, upon a repre-
sentation of that fact, voted to them the increased
bonus. But Congress gave notice of a termina-
tion of that new bonxis, and they have dropped
back to the original contract, which I think is
about nineteen thousand dollars atrip. I under-
stand that our own Havre line gets about seven
thousand dollars a trip.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Provided they
earn that sum by postage.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes, pro-
vided they earn that sum by postage. I under-
stand that the French Government charges this
American line at Havre about two thousand dol-
lars, thus reducing the amount, in fact, to $5,000.
By changing the terminus from Liverpool to
Southampton, Collins, in effect, puts his line,
with the $19,000 bonus, not as a competitor with
an English line between New York and Liver-
pool, but as a competitor with an American line,
whose compensation is diminished to about five
thousand dollars; so that the effect of this Senate
amendment will be to crowd an American line
out of that which has heretofore been gianted to
it, and leave the New York and Liverpool line
without a competitor, while the Collins line draws
out of the Treasury $19,000. I think this is un-
fair; and I think it would be impolitic upon our
part, not to characterize the operation wiih terms
of more severity, which I think it richly deserves.
I would not agree, as a legislator, that the Post-
master General and the contractors should make
an agreement, if an agreement could be made, by
which this line of steamers could crowd upon
another American line of steameis, and take the
profits which properly belong to them under a
• grant, while this Collins line put into their own
I pockets the largp bonus which the Government
gave to them, under the idea that it was neces-
sar/to enable them to compete with an English
line of vessels. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I move to strike
out the first three lines of the amendment, and I
do this for the purpose of obtaining the opportu-
nity of making a brief explanation of the ques-
tion which is suggested by this amendment. The
Collins contract, so-called, provided for the trans-
portation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and to Liverpool alone. Southampton was
not the terminus of the line. That contract was
under the law of 1847, and has not yet expired,
owing to the period at which the full service com-
menced. About the same time two other lines,
one to Southampton and Havre, and the other to
Southampton and Bremen, were set on foot. Then
lines running to the Channel carried mails for a
less amount of compensation than the Collins
line. The contracts for the Havre and Bremen
lines expired in June last. Congress had failed
to enact a law authorizing their renewal. The
proprietors of those lines made a proposition to
the Postmaster General, in pursuance of which
they undertake to carry the mails (as they had
previously done under the terminated contracts)
for the sea and inland postage, and during the
past year they have been transporting the mails
to Southampton and Havre, and Southampton
and Bremen, without any charge upon the na-
tional Treasury beyond the sums which they had
actually*eai ned by way of postages.
The Collins line, the contract not having ex-
pired, is stiii entitled to run to Liverpool, but has
no right to go to Southampton. It is now pro-
posed to permit the Collins line to withdraw from
the Liverpool trade, and bring them to South-
ampton, in direct competition with two American
lines, now transporting the mail§ for the amount
of the postages actually earned. The effect of
this proposition, if acceded to, may possibly be
to drive those two lines out of existence; for how
can one man, receiving only the postages, com-
pete with another receiving the munificent bonus
of about twenty thousand dollars the round trip
from the General Government? If this amend-
ment is adopted, it will permit the Collins line to
run to Southampton, instead of Liverpool, and
perhaps drive off the other lines, or force -them
into aruinous competition for freight and passen-
gers, while at the same time there may be divert-
ed from them a portion of the mail matter to which
they are specially entitled.
I know not how private interests may be af-
fected by this amendment, nor do I care. I have
no prejudice against the Collins line, nor am I ac-
tuated by any desire to thwart their plans or in-
terfere with their prosperity. 1 have often thought
and said that .the Collins enterprise, although in
some respects deserving the highest praise, has,
nevertheless, accomplished more to retard ocean
steam navigation than everything we are likely
to do this session of Congress will probably ad-
vance it. I have no objection to the continuance
of that contract, holding them to its letter. They
demand the stipulated sum for the stipulated ser-
vice—while other responsible American citizens
are willing to undeitcike the service for less. I
would perform the contract implicitly, for I would
have no imputation of a breach of good faith fall
upon the Government. Let the Collins contract
continue its enterprise—let it continue to compete
for the Liverpool trade with the English line, and
let these American lines which are struggling,
perhaps ineffectually, for the purpose of inaugu-
rating this newly suggested self-sustaining ocean
mail system, live in spite of any special legisla-
tion. It is clear that this amendment may oper-
ate unjustly, and I hope it will be rejected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask leave to
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to my col-
league withdrawing his amendment, and for the
same reason that prompted him to offer it, namely:
to afford an opportunity of making a few remarks.
I am in favor, Mr. Chairman, of the amendments
proposed by the Senate; and, in brief, for these
few reasons: a contract was entered into between
the Government and Mr. Collins in ]849  
Mr. CLARK, of New York. In -1347.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I refer to the last
contract. In 1849—the 19th day of April—the last
contract was made,! think. That contract is now
in existence, and will continue till the 1st of June,
1860. It has been stated by the gentleman from
; Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] that a bonus under
