1858.
THE eONGEESSIONM/ GLOBE.
2015
the contract was given to Mr. Collins by the Gov-
ernment for certain services which it was antici-
pated that line would perform for the Government
and for the benefit of the country. In 1854 and
185Gthis line was so unfortunate as to be deprived,
by accident, of two steamers—the Arctic and the
Pacific. Because of these losses the contractors
were obliged to substitute other ste&mers, but
with the consent of the Navy Department. Be-
cause of that substitution, the Government with-
held from the line $147,750; which, I presume, is
something of an offset against the bonus which
the gentleman from Kentucky has alluded to.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my friend
permit me to inform him that there is a bill before
the House to refund that money to them ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I regret that I car- ,
not yield jiow. _ I am engaged in the argument j
from which the interruption will divejtme. Then,
sir, having withheld from this company the
amount of money, it has been that the company
was obliged to suspend its operations; and the
money is still thus withheld. Under these cir-
cumstances the contractors, hoping that the money ,
may be restored to them by the Government, and
they be thus enabled to resume operations, come
here and ask of Congress that they enable them
to reestablish their line, and as some return for the
injury suffered by them at the hands of the Govern-
ment, to authorize them to determine their route
at Southampton instead of at Liverpool; and for
the avowed reason that they are unable to compete
with the Cunard line of steamers. It is, more-
over, better and more advantageous for them to
run to Southampton. It is true that, to some de-
gree, a competition would be thus raised between
this line and two other lines of steamers—Ameri-
can steamers. But I do not see, for my part, why
any one of these lines is entitled to preference over
another one.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then bring them
on a level.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My proposition is
simply this : that, in case of a competition so cre-
ated, it cannot be to the injurious extent claimed
by my colleague, [Mr. Clark,] but will be a com- !
petition which, of its very nature, will enlarge the
compass of business between the port of South- i
ampton and the United States, by establishing I
more frequent days of arrival and departure than
at present exist. j
[Here the hammer fell.] i
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out all after the first 11 ne of the Senate amend-
ment. It seems to me that it is very remark-
able, to say the least of it, that, while there are
two lines running through from the city of New
York to particular points, which are costing the
Government nothing, which are working for what
they can make, and for that alone, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. John Cochrane] should
undertake to advocate the perpetuation of another
line, with the Government as a contributor of over
nineteen thousand dollars for the round trip, to
keep it up at that rate. Is it the interest of this
Government, is it a part of our legislative duty
here, to pay a bonus to a party to perform what
two other parties are performing withouta bonus
from the Federal Treasury? If these two lines
are running now to Southampton, and getting
nothing but the inland and ocean postage for that
service, are they not entirely competent to carry
all the postal matter that may be transmitted be-
tween those points, and in good time for the inter-
ests of the country? Why, then, should we un-
dertake to establish a third line between these
self same points ?
But the gentleman says, that, owing to the un-
fortunate loss by this Collins line of two of its
steamers, they have been fined by the Postmaster
General in the amount of $147,750 for failures.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Virginia is mistaken. He must have mis-
understood me. There have been no fines.
Mr. LETCHER.. Very well, then. Itis with-
held. It is only another name for it. Then he
says that §147,750 has been taken from their al-
lowance, and withheld by the Post Office Depart-
ment for the reasons which they assign. Now,
the gentleman says if they could have gotten that
money there would have been no failure—that
they would have been able to execute their con- i
tract faithfully and to the letter. Sir, if this be
true, will the gentleman explain to the House
how this company came here some years ago ask-
ing for an increase of $500,000 a year? Is it not
the allegation now, that because of the termina-
tion of the bonus of $500,000—-because it is no
longer contributed to the company, they have
been compelled to suspend operations; and instead
of executing the contract, have necessitated the
employment by the Post Office Department of
other vessels to carry the mails between these
points? Then, it seems to me that unless we
are satisfied that the Government has abundance
of money to squander, to throw away on one
company which is running in competition with
others to the same point, it becomes us, as guar-
dians of the public weal—as those who are inter-
ested in taking care of what little money is left |
after the appropriations of this session—that we
should endeavor to withhold it for some more
practical end than the protection of a company
by Government to crush other American citizens
engaged in the same sort of business. j
Mr. SICK.LES. With reference to that por-
tion of the argument of my colleague from New i
York [Mr. John Cochrane] which relates to the
sum of $147,000, claimed by the Collins line, I
will say that that payment is provided for in
another bill, and I presume that no opposition
will be offered to that appropriation here or else-
where.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, there will be.
I will fight it to the death. [Laughter.]
Mr. SICKLES. Well; I am very sorry to hear
it, for I have no doubt it is justly due. It will,
at all events, receive my cordial support where
ever I can extend it. But that proposition, and
the proposition now before the committee, are two
very different things. The proposition now before
the committee is that the service between New
\ ork and Liverpool, for which the Government
has paid such munificent bounties, shall be en-
tirely abandoned. I think this would be a great
detriment to the commerce of the country, and ,
its result would be to leave to the Cunard line an '
entire monopoly of this most important branch of j
our intercourse with Europe. It was the policy '
of the Government originally to maintain, and it
has maintained, at a grt-at sacrifice, steam com-
munication between New York and Liverpool ill
American bottoms. Sir, I do not think the coun-
try, or the House, is prepared to abandon that
policy; and although the Collins line has met with
misfortunes, and nowhere are they more keenly ;
sympathized with than in the city of New York, '
yet we are not prepared, I believe, however deep !
our sympathy with those misfortunes, to recon- '
cile ourselves to the abandonment of steam com- j
munication in American bottoms with Liverpool, j
the most important commercial town in the Old
World. It is now proposed to abandon that com-
mjnication, and establish an additional line to ,
Southampton, where we already have two. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 rise toaques- j
tion of order. I insist that the gentleman has no
right to make a speech on the same side as the ■
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] I un-
derstand that the rule provides that when an
amendment is offered one gentleman has a right |
to speak upon one side and one gentleman upon j
the other. Now, it will not be said by the Chair
or by anybody else, that the gentleman from New
York is speaking m opposition to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia. -
^The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New i
York can only speak in opposition to the amend- ,
ment of the gentleman from Virginia. ,
Mr. SICKLES. Well, 1 am very glad to hear :
that I am out of order, because I shall be able to
have five minutes more on some other amend-
ment, when I shall be in order. But I did not in-
tend to be out of order, and I am in favor of 1
striking out the whole amendment of the Senate.
As, however, the Chair thinks 1 am not in order,
I will not persist at this time. ij
Mr. LETCHER, by unammousconsent, then j
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend ;j
the amendment by reducing the appropriation to ij
five dollars. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. [j
Letcher] told the House just now that because j|
there is not a superabundance of money in the |j
Treasury, gentlemen ought not to be in favor of ||
this proposition. That seems to be a magic word ;
with that gentleman, and Jie dsesit on, all occa-
sions w-hen he .desires to frighten the,.Hoijse .out
of their propriety; and thus dafeats( I thitii^yery
often", prudent action by the House. It is saia
that there are three lines of steamships now in
operation between New York and different pomts
in Europe, by virtue of existing contracts with
the Government. Now, what are the faijts ? The
Collins line is the only line now under any regu-
lar contract with the Government for the transpor-
tation of the mails between New York and finy
point in Europe. Nearly twelve months ago con-
tracts were made with two other lines to trans-
port the mails to certain other points in Europe
for the postages they might receive. Those con-
tracts have almost expired. They have hardly a
month more to run, and the Postmaster General
has informed the House that he cannot and will
not be able to renew those contracts upon the same
terms as those on which he made them last year.
He therefore asks at this time, when the great
scarcity of money exists in the Treasury, of
which the gentleman from Virginia so often and
so clamorously speaks, thatasum oftwo hundred
and odd thousand dollars shall be appropriated by
Congress in order that he may subsidize those
lines, in addition to the postages which they may
receive.
Now, what is the effect of the proposition be-
fore the House? If the amendmentof the Senate
shall prevail, not less than one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars will be saved to the Government;
whereas, if the amendment be rejected, we shall
be compelled to pay subsidies to these lines, and,
in addition to the $250,000, this further sum of
§130,000.
Mr. SICKLES. By what law?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. By this bill, as it
went to the Senate; because it provides $230,000,
besides the £.130,000 for contingencies, which the
Senate has stricken out.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire an
explanation from the gentleman. 1 see that there
is already in the main text of this bill, which has
passed beyond our control, this provision:
" l-'or the transportation ofthe mails from New York, by
Southampton or Cowea, to Bremen, and from New York,
by Southampton or Oowes, to Havre, $230,OoO."
That is already in the bill. Now, what I want
to know is how you are going to save anything
by putting on another line?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We do hot put
on another line. The proposition is to shorten
the trips of the Collins line; because it is not so
far from New York to Southampton as it is from
New York to Liverpool. You only change one
of the termini; and ill doing that, you will save,
certainly $120,000, and probably $500,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BLISS. I move to substitute for the amend-
ment ofthe Senate, these words:
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and back, $50,000.
And I do it for the purpose of saying a word
in relation to,wliat I understand should be the
principle on which we vote any subsidies what-
ever. I voted the other day, with great reluctance,
for the original bill, for I feared what has since hap-
pened. I doubted, also, whether the amount was
not too large, though greatly reduced from the
Collins grants, but I voted for it as a peace meas-
ure, as a substitute for a large and useless Navy. 1
have always believed in the much-abused, exhor-
tation, " in time of peace, prepare for war;" not
by grinding our people to.the dust by heavy taxa-
tion tosupportarmiesand navies; notby oppress-
ing commerce by imposing burdens; but, as we
have always done upon land, so upon the sea, to
improve a time of peace to build up, as it were,
a marine militia. It is thus that the pursuits of
peace harmonize with constant preparation for
defensive war. Navies and armies are necessary
for conquest, not for defense. For that reason I
have been in favor of continuing the fishing boun-
ties. I am in favor of their continuance, in order
that we may have on hand, at all times, a body
of able seamen, if, unfortunately, we should need
them for national defense. It is for the same rea-
son that I am in favor of giving such encourage-
ment to our mercantile marine as to make it useful
to the Government, whenever it shall be needed
for the naval service. I would have a sea as well
