1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
and that of purser, during the time he acted as
such; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of the town of Fort Scott, Kan-
sas, remonstrating against special legislation in
relation to the lands upon which that town is sit-
uated; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of inhabitants of
Bourbon county, Kansas, settlers on lands known
as the New York Indian lands, praying that the
Indian title thereto may be extinguished, and that
they may be allowed the right of preemption;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was,
Ordered, That James Conrad have leave to withdraw his
petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the adverse report in the case of the sea-
men on board the United States steamer Missouri, destroyed
by fire at Gthiairarm 1843, be recommitted to die Commit-
tee oil Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia have had under consideration,
by reference from the Senate, a memorial from
a committee of the Levy Court of Washington
county, asking for the improvement of certain
roads m the neighborhood of the navy-yard. The
memorial is accompanied by profiles. As the sub-
ject is before the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, I move that the papers may bo with-
drawn for the purpose of being presented there.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of James Smith,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
302) for the relief of James Smith. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Isaac Yarn, sr., submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of Isaac Varn,
sr. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
NORTHERN WAGON ROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unammouscon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaiis and
Militia be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of con-
ducting a wagon road from Fort Benton, on the Missouii
river, to the navigable wateis ot the Columbia river, at or
near Foit Wallawalla, and report by bill or otherwise.
WILLIS A. GORMAN.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the Senate to take
up, for consideration, a little resolution to pay
Governor Gorman a certain amount of money. I
wish to have it taken up merely for the purpose
of suggesting an amendment, and then asking its
reference to a committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Sebastian, on Wednesday last;
Resolved. That there be paid to the Hon. Willis A. 0or-
man,Govenioi ofMuineMituTerritory, the sum of §8-20, as
compensation for ins services as commissioner to investi-
gate the alleged frauds of Alexander Ramsey, late supenu-
tendent of Indian affairs for the noitliern superintendency,
and icimburscment of his necessary expenses inclined
theiein.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to suggestati amend-
ment, which was a mere inadvertent omission ill
the original resolution, to say " out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate," and then ask its ref-
erence to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. If the resolution is to be re-
ferred to the committee, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ferred.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understand it goes to
that committee according to the rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
CAPTAIN JAMES MAC McINTOSH.
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill from the Hours of J
Representatives (No. 80) for the relief of Captain
James Mac Mcintosh, of the United States Navy,
have instructed me to report back the bill with a
recommendation that it pass; and I am instructed
by the committee to ask that it be put on its pas-
sage immediately. I will state, in explanation,
that it is a claim for only $204 95of Captain Mac
Mcintosh for arrears of pay withheld from him
by an erroneous and obstinate decision on the part
pf the Fifth Auditor, although allowed by the Sec-
retary of the Navy. It has gone to the Court
of Claims, and been reported favorably upon by
them. It has gone to the House of Represent-
atives, and been decided on favorably uy that
House. It now comes here, and the committee
are unanimously in favor of it. I move that the
bill be considered and put on its passage. It is
only to pay a very small amount which has been
withheld along time from Captain Mac Mcintosh,
and it is just and due that it should be paid to
him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 80) for the relief of Captain
JameaMacMcintosh, ofthe United StatesNavy.
It pfPvides for the payment to Captain Mac Mc-
intosh, of the Navy, of the sum of $204 95, being
the difference between the sum paid to him at the
Treasury as commander "on other duty, "and that
which was due to him as such officer " attached
to a vessel for sea service," and being in full for
his services as an officer of the West India squad-
ron from the 14th of August, 1837, to the 3d of
September, 1838.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read ihe
third time,and passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. STUART. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to pass a couple of public bills that I re-
ported yesterday, of great importance, although
there is no dispute about them. They are simply
to change the boundaries of some land districts.
The Senate proceeded as in Committee of the
Whole to consider the bill (S. No. 386) to enlarge
the Detroit and Saginaw land districts in Michi-
gan.
It provides that from and after the 1st of July,
all that part of the Cheboygan district, in the State
of Michigan, which lies south of the line dividing
townships twenty-eight and twenty-nine north,
and east of the line dividing ranges two and three
west, shall be attached to and form a part of the
present Saginaw district, and all that part of the
Cheboygan district which lies north of the line
dividing townships twenty-eight and twenty-nine
north, and east of the line dividing ranges one and
two west, including the island of Mackinac, shall
l>e attached to and fonn a part of the Detroit dis-
trict.
Mr, POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
from Michigan if the effect of the bill is to divide
one land district so as toattaeh a part nf it to an-
other, and still another part to another, so as to
make three districts instead of two ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir. It leaves the num-
ber of districts the same as it is now, but merely
rearranges them. It does not add to the number
of districts or the number of offices, but rearranges
them for convenience.
Mr. POLK. I will ask the Senator another
question, whether, unless this division takes place,
one of those districts will not be reduced in the
quantity of land in it to an amount less than that
which by law entitles it to have land officers?
Mr. STUART. No, sir. I will simply state
it is an arrangement made with the concurrence
of the Genera! Land Office simply for the conve-
nience of those buying land, without any view
to continue existing districts, or anything of the
sort.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed tor a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STUART. The other bill which I pro-
pose to have considered now is on the same sub-
ject m regard to the land districts in Minnesota.
Mr. POLK. Is it to accomplish the same ob-
ject ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 296) amend-
atory of an act entitled " An ac't to establish two
additional land districts in the Territory of Min-
nesota," approved July 8,1856. ■ - _ '
It provides that, in lien of the southern bound-
ary of the northwestern land district o¥.Minne-
sota, on the w'eat side of the Mississippi river, the
followingboundariesareestablished,towit: com-
mencing at the point on the eastern side of the
Mississippi river where tho present south line
touches the river, thence down the river to the
point opposite the intersection with the river of
the eighth standard parallel; thence along-that par-
allel to the point of intersection of guide meridian
number four; thence along that guide meridian to
the seventh standard parallel: thence west along
the seventh parallel to the Sioux Wood river;
thence north to the line heietoforeestablished. It
also provides that the line dividing ranges twenty-
three and twenty-four shall be the boundary line
between the northwestern and northeastern land
districts, in lieu of the range line between eigh-
teen and nineteen, as heretofore established.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and ]
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following report:
The undersigned managers of the conference between
the Senate and House of Representatives on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the House bill (No. 306)
entitled " An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for th ♦ service of tho fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1838," report that, having taken the subject of the
disagreeing votes into full and careful consideration, they
are unable to come to any agreement thereon.
R.TOOMBS,
W. P. FESSENDEN,
ASA BIGGS,
Senate Managers.
J. LETCHER,
M. H. NICHOLS,
House Managers.
Mr. HUNTER. X give notice that when the
Senate is full I shall call up the House report, and
submit a motion to recede. It is useless to be
delaying this measure.
MEXICAN PROTECTORATE.
Mi*. HOUSTON. I move to take uj> the reso-
lution which I introduced some time since, with
a view to amend it and refer it to a special com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. If this resolution is to give
rise to no discussion I shall not object; but if any-
body is to debate it, I must object, and insist on
the special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the amendment which
I send to the table, and which has been printed,
to strike out all after the word " whereas," and
insert:
The events connected with the numerous efforts of the
people of Mexico to establish, upon a reliable basis, an or-
derly system of self government, have invariably resulted
in complete failuie; and whereas the condition of Mexico
is such as to excite alarming apprehensions that she may
precipitate herselfinto a wild condition of anarchy, and the
more so, as she has demonstrated, from time to time, her
utter inability to suppress intestmecommotions and to con-
quer the hordes of bandits by which she is infested; and
whereas the United Stares of America, on account of the
continental policy which they cherish and desire to enforce,
can never permit Mexico to be subjugated by Spam, or
placed under the dominion of any foreign Power; and
whereas one ofthe most important duties devolving upon
civilized governments is to exact from adjoining nations
the observance ofgood neighborhood, thus shielding them-
selves against impending, or even remote injury to their bor-
der secunty: Theteloie,
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be raised to
inquiie into and repoit to the Senate whether or not it is
expedient for the Government of the United States of Amer-
ica to declare and maintain aptotcctorate over the so-called
Republic of Mexico, m such form and to such an extent as
shall be necessary to secure to this Union good neighbor-
hood, and to the people of said country the benefits of an
orderly and well-regulated republican government.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
amendment; but I do not wish this resolution to
pass now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the hour has arrived for the considera-
tion of the special order, which will now be taken
up, unless the Senate otherwise determine.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only wish this resolution
to be referred to a committee so that it may be
taken into consideration b^ them. The gentle-
man will have an opportunity of stating his ob-
jections when a report is made, which brings the
subject more directly before the body for discus-
