JSM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
sioo. I hope he will withdraw his objection, and
permit the subject to be referred to a special cora-
mMr!'WILSON. I should like very much to
gratify the Senator from Texas, and refer, this
matter to a special committee without any further
debate or consideration; but it seems to me that
it is a gross insult to Mexico for the Senate of the
United States to pass a resolution worded as this
resolution is worded. I think it a resolution that
ought not to pass in this form. If a proposition
of this kind is to pass at all, I think it should be
■worded in language that certainly could not give
offense. I hope the matter will be allowed to pass
over to-day, as the hour has arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate is not asked now
te indorse the statements of fact in the preamble,
but merely to refer the subject to a committee that
it may be examined; and if the facts reported to
the Senate do not sustain the proposition of the
resolution, it will be for the Senator then to object
to it,.but not as a matter of reference. I believe
no objection has ever been made to a subject of
this kind being referred. X intended, in the first
place, that it should be referred to the appropriate
standing committee; but the disinclination of the
chairman of that respectable committee as well as
other members of the body, seemed to indicate
that it should go to a special committee. Deferring
to the suggestion, I have introduced the amend-
ment for that purpose, and I do trust the gentle-
man will permit its reference.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this will go over. The
hour for the special order has arrived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Texas that there is no
motion pending upon which discussion can be
entertained, unless the Senator moves to postpone
the special order. That motion not being made,
the special order comes up as a matter of course.
Mr. HOUSTON. With a view to save time,
for I wish this subject disposed of, and do not
•wish to be annoyed by it any longer, I move that
the special order be postponed.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. We have fixed
the hour by agreement when we shall probably
take the vote, and I hope we shall go on now with
the special order. This subject will come up to-
morrow.
Mr. MASON. When the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas was before the Senate
on a former occasion, I moved, according to my
recollection, that it should be laid on the table,
from a belief that it would be injurious and insult-
ing to the Government of Mexico for the Senate
to entertain the proposition—I say it in all cour-
tesy to the honorable Senator, who differs with
me in opinion. This proposition is now to refer
it to a select committee. If it were referred at all,
I am satisfied the true reference should be to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. 1 will not ask
that reference, but l"move to lay it on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will make a remark, if the
gentleman will for a moment withdiaw that mo-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was my expectation and
desire, in the first instance, to refer it to that re-
spectable committee, but as a disinclination was
expressed, on the part of the chairman, that the
reference should be made to that committee, I
thought it was proper to have recourse to another
expedient that would be more acceptable to him,
and perhaps would produce 
Mr. MASON. The disinclination I expressed
was to any reference; not to the Committee 011
Foreign Relations, but to a reference at all; and
I entertain the same opinion now. If there should
be any, however, I think it ouglit to be to that
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman stated that
to refer it to a standing committee of this body
would be disrespectful. Then I wished a special
committee, if it were the judgment of the Senate
that it should be referred to a committee. Disin-
clination being evinced on the part of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations to
take charge of the subject, I thought it best not
to incumber the committee with any motion that
was unacceptable to it; and I was desirous that
the matter should be thoroughly investigated by
those who were friendly to or had originated the
measure, and not to throw a bantling so young,
and one of such suspicious character as it is, into
the arms of stepfathers. I had no disposition to
do that; and, as there seemed^ to be very little
sympathy for the bantling, on the part of the
standing committee, I was disposed to adopt a
father for it, or let it have its proper legitimate
one.. I will submit to the action of the Senate:
but I believe this course is unusual. I do not
expect any degree of deference to be paid to me
that would not be paid to any other Senator irf
this body; but I think it is an act somewhat dis-
respectful , and not accord ing to the courtesy which
has been extended to Senators who have intro-
duced resolutions in this body, merely resolutions
of reference, to refuse to refer them; but the gen-
tleman may renew his motion to lay it on the
table.
Mr. MASON. I will renew the motion to lay
it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate.
Mr. 1VERSON. The order of to-dajps the
Private Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay my resolution on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too late
to call for the yeas and nays now. The decision
of the Chair has been announced.
Mr. IVERSON. It will be remembered by the
Senate that to-day, being Friday, is set apart by
special resolution for the Private Calendar, and
no order can supersede it without a vote of the
Senate; but I am willing to yield to-day to the
Kansas question, with the general understanding
that it shall be disposed of to-day, and we shall
be allowed to devote to-morrow to the Private
Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The gentle-
man is right in his view. The Chair had forgot-
ten that to-day was private bill day.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 give notice that I will call
up the Private Calendar to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard that as the sense of the Senate. The
special order is now under consideration, being
the report of the committee of conference 011 the
bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of Kansas into
the Union.
Mr. BR.ODER1CK. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] before the
Senate adjourned yesterday, announced that he
believed all the Senators had spoken upon the
question who wished to speak, except himself
and the Senator from California. The Senator,
I believe, alluded to me. I stated to the Senator
a few minutes before he announced to the Senate
my intention to speak, that I would, before the
yeas and nays weie called on the bill, state in a
very few words why I intended to vote against it;
but I did not intend to make a speech. I am not
so vain as to think, after this subject has been so
ably discussed by the Senators from Kentucky,
Tennessee, Illinois, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan, and others, that I
could say anything which would be instructive to
the Senate. With the permission of the Senator
from New York, however, I will briefly state why
t will vote against this bill. I find, Mr. President,
in the first section of the bill reported by the com-
mittee of conference, this language:
"That the State of Kansas be, and is hereby, admitted
mro the Union on an eijual looting with the original Stares
111 all respects, whatever, lint upon this fundamental condi-
tion pieeedeni, namely: that the question of admission
Willi the follow'nil jnoposition. m iieu of the ordinance
framed at Lecui.ipton, be submitted to a vote of the people
ot Kansas and assented to by them, or a majority of the
voters voting at an election to be held for that purpose,
namely: that the following proportions be, and the same
are herehv, ofiWed to the people of Kansas for acceptance
or rejection, which, if accepted, shall be obligatoiy on the
United States and upon the said State of Kansas, to wit:"
Senators on the Administration side of the
Chamber, who have spoken on this bill, have all
contended that it does not submit the constitution
to the people of Kansas. I contend that it does,
although it is accompanied by a base condition.
I shall not weary the Senate by giving a history
of this proceeding; for, as I have said, it has been
fully exposed by the Senators who have preceded
me; but I have another objection to this bill, and
it is, that it provides that Kansas shall be admit-
ted into the Union with a population of thirty-
five or forty thousand inhabitants, if she will come
into the Union with a slave constitution, while
she is debarred from coming into the Union as a
free State as long as this Administration are in
power. I will try to show why there is no pos-
sible chance for Kansas to be admitted as a free
State while this Administration.are in power.
IfKansas rejects this constitution, she will have
to wait until she has a population of ninety-three
thousand four hundred and twenty. _ How is the
population of Kansas to be ascertained ? By a
census taken in 1860, and the census-taker is to be
appointed by the President of the United States.
We have seen, sir, what the instruments of the
Administration have already done in Kansas, and
if it can be ascertained in 1860 that a majority of
the people pf Kansas are in favor of making it a
free State, they will fall short of the requisite pop-
ulation; for I do not believe that the men who
have taken the management of this contrivance
will ever permit Kansas to come into the Union
as a free State, if it is in their power to prevent
her admission.
I am sure that this bill will be considered by
thousands as providing for the submission of the
constitution to the people ofKansas; no other con-
struction can be given to it; but, as 1 have already
said, it is accompanied by a base condition. If
they accept this premium they will be admitted
at once under the Lecompton constitution; but if
they refuse it, they are to remain out of the Union
as long as there is power to keep them out of the
Union by a majority of the Administration Sen-
ators.
I believe that there are not more than thirty
or thirty-five thousand inhabitants to-day in Kan-
sas, men, women, and children, and no one in my
hearing believes she will have ninety-three thou-
sand for five or six years at least, if she does not
increase her population more rapidly than she has
increased it within the last two or three years.
Therefore I can see 110 possible chance for Kansas
to come into the Union as a free State if she re-
jects the Lecompton constitution, and with it re-
jects slavery.
I have stated my objections to this bill, and I
shall vote against it.' I believe it is an unfair
measure; it is calculated to arouse a bitter and
indignant prejudice m the minds of the people of
the North; and'I think it will result in no good
to the South. I also believe that it will fill the
other branch of Congress with men instructed
against this proposition. I believe, at the election
for the next Congress, every free State in this
Union, without exception, will send men to Con-
gress instructed against this contrivance. I would
have preferred it in its original shape. That would
have been less objectionable to me, and I think it
would have been less objectionable to the people
whom I represent. For these reasons, I shall
vote against this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
Mi. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I desire to make a correction of a
statement of fact in relation to the history of cer-
tain matters transpiring m Kansas, which arose
between the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Pugii] and myself the other day. As we both
spoke from recollection at the time, I did not
know but that 1 might be mistaken. I have, how-
ever, looked into the history of Kansas, and I de-
sire to state that I am supported in what I then
alleged, by reference to the "History of Kan-
sas," written by the private secretary of Governor
Geary. The honorable Senator from Ohio read
from a speech made by the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] on the 9th of April,
1856, and also from a speech made by the honor-
able Senator irom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
i on the 20th of May, 1856, in which those Sena-
i tors, basing their calculations upon facts within
their knowledge, stated that in their opinion the
existing population m the Territory of Kansas at
that time was about forty or fifty thousand, and
ventured to make the prediction that in a very
short period of time it would have a population suf-
ficient to entitle it to a Representative in the other
branch of Congress; and then the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio put the question in these words:
" Well, sir, has all this population sot to Kansas ? This
was the pretext made for foicing the Topeka constitution
through the Congress of the United States. When they
|i wanted Topeka carried, theie was 110 limit to their asser-
i tions of fact, or to their imagination and their prophecies.
I i Then Kansas had forty, fifty, or sixty thousand; and site
