2916
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10
as a land'militia. T am in favor, then, in time of
peace of preparing for war, by giving such aid to
our citizens engaged in the pursuits of peace that!
they may be fiUed, and at all times ready, for the j
public service, if we should be driven into war. j
The glorious example in our Revolution, of the
invaluable services of the Marblehead regiment,
and the achievements of ourlittle Navy in the war
of 1812, where, almost alone, we acquired any
reputationin that war, show the prowess of those
seamen who have been banded in the pursuits of
peace alone.
But, Mr. Chairman, within afewdays we have
voted ftfr a large increase to the naval force of the
country. This House has voted for the construc-
tion of ten vessels of war—Congress having, at
the last session, ordered five—making fifteen ves-
sels in addition to our Navy in a short period of
less than two years. The cost of the Navy in
consequence of that increase, withattendantmeas-
ures, will be not only three or four times as much
as formerly, but will be eight or ten times the
amount expended under the old administrations
of the naval Department. Now,I am notin favor
of continuing these fishing bounties, and other-
wise aiding to build up the commercial marine by
grants from the public Treasury, if, at the same
time, we are to go on and build up a great Navy. ;
If we are to imitate the aggressive military won- ;
archies of the Old World; if wc are to oppress 1
our industry, load our people with taxes, to pur- i
sue a policy so at variance with our traditions, '
and hostile to the true interests of a free people, 1
then we-can no longer afford these bounties. Let
us then withdraw the fishing bounties and the
money we pay our ocean steam marine. If the
policy of a large naval establishment is to be
carried out, the other policy is entirely unneces-
sary. Preferring, as I have always done, encour-
agement to the pursuits of peace, I was then in
favor of, as I am not now, of paying these limited
subsidies for the ocean militia.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Chairman, if I were to
make a motion it would be to strike out every dol-
lar in connection with this Collins line of steamers.
Mr. CURTIS. I make the point of order that
the gentleman is speaking on the same side that
the gentleman from Ohio has spoken.
Mr, SAVAGE. I oppose the gentleman's
amendment, because I think that not a dollar
ought to be appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must see !
that his remarks would bo, to a great extent, of |
the same character as those submitted by the gen- 1
tleman from Ohio. The Chair would suggest that!
the gentleman would better accomplish his object!
by moving an amendment himself when this is |
disposed of. j
Mr, SAVAGE. Will the gentleman from Ohio j
withdraw his amendment?
Mr. BLISS. I have no objection. '
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I object. I
want to speak in opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, i am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
and in favor of the amendment proposed by the
Senate, for reasons which I will briefly state. It
surprises me that the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] should all of them have
fallen into the manifest error which they did, in
their arguments, by asserting that inasmuch as
there are now independent lines of American
steamers running to Southampton, which carry
the mails for the amount of postage realized from
each trip, which is, i believe, §7,000, that there-
fore the Government pays nothing for that ser-
vice. It is known to the member's of the commit-
tee that this Government is under a subsisting
contract with the Collins line, for carrying the
European mails, from New York to Liverpool,
until the year 1860.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. T deny it.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. So I under-
stand. And I beg to refer the gentleman to an
extract from the opinion of the Attorney General,
Judge Black:
'/Collins & Co. bound themselves to build four steam-
ships, of certain dimensions and power, within a fixed time,
and a fifth one as soon as practicable ; and to carry the mails
between New York and Liverpool. The United'States
were U> have the puvilege of taking the ships and convert-
ingthem into vessels of war upon paying a fair valuation
for tliem.
u In the mean time, Collins & Co. were to be paid a cer-
tain sum for carrying the mails. The time for building the
fiist foui ships was afterwards enlarged by Congress; and a
sttil later act of Congress increased the mail pay and the
number of trips to be run; but the teims and conditions of
the contract remain as at first. Four ships (the Baltic, the
Atlantic, the Arctic, and the Pacific) were built m due
tune, which were larger and stronner by fifty per cent, than
the contract required; and the fifth one, the Adriatic, has
been for some time in course of construction. These four
ves&els carried the mails with regularity and speed, which
nobody complained of, until the Arctic was lost in Septem-
ber, 18o4."
It is a subsisting contract, and if this Govern-
ment, under that contract, can have the service
which is now being performed by these other
lines, why should it not be done and the Govern-
ment saved about two hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars per year?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. How, then,
will the mails be carried from Southampton to
Havre, and from Southampton to Bremen?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. They may be
transhipped and sent forward from that point. It
is right that we should favor the Collins line, be-
cause the vessels were constructed under the eye
of the Navy Department with a view to their
being taken for the naval service in case of war.
The public faith was pledged to the builders that
if they should construct these steamers the prop-
osition then pending before Congress for ten ad-
ditional vessels of war would be abandoned and
these steamers considered as at the disposal of
the Government in case of need.
Sir, I agree with gentlemen all around the
House that if it were possible to reduce the ex-
penditure of the public money in the mail service
of the country, it would be a gratifying and laud-
able result-, but, this contract existing with the
Collins line, I cannot see why the additional duty
should not be imposed upon them of running to
Southampton as well as to Liverpool, if Collins
& Co. consent to do so, and thus save the Gov-
ernment the amount of postage they are now pay-
ing to other mail lines for Such service.
[Here the haqimer fell.]
Mr. BLISS, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to amend by reducing
the amount to one dollar. Sir, the subject of the
Collins line of steamers has been before us for
many years, harassing Congress from time to
time through lobby agents. This is not the first
time that I have had to fightagainst it, and it may
be that upon this occasion, as upon others, I may
not be the victor. But it is clcar that we have
not yet got rid of the Collins line, but we are fur-
nished with stronger arguments against it than
before. I think the facts show that this line has
not only lost all claim upon this Government for
any remuneration by its failure, but that it is
wholly inadequate for the purpose for which it
was established. This amendment provides for
a perpetual failure in advance; and it shows that
the Postmaster General was not willing to rely
upon the Collins line of steameis. I am opposed
to this whole system, to this vast, mighty mo-
nopoly which exists here, and which, I might
well say, is an injury to commerce in general. If
we are going to pay vast sums from the Treasury
forcanying the mails, let us take the matter into
our own hands, and derive a benefit from the ex-
perience we possess. Let the ships be ours, the
officers ours, and let the whole thing be ours.
We can do it just as well as we can through this
Collins line. I think the whole thing is wrong
from the beginning. If we do nothing else, let us
cut loose from these contracts, and let the Post-
master General make the best contract he can
with such parties as may offer to do the service.
Let hirn olfer the postage and such additional
sums as may be necessary to carry out the plan.
Let the work be put into market, and the con-
tract be made with the lowest responsible bidder,
and not, by force of legislative power, rule out
competing interests, and give to this party a vast
sum of moneyfordomg that which he has wholly
failed to do. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to bring
this controversy to a close; and in order to do so
I submit the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word " perform,'5 m line eighteen,
in these words: x
"And the Postmaster Geneial may, with-the consent ot
the contractors, change the European termination of saul
route, under the contract aforesaid, (iom Liverpool to South-
ampton."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio, that he assigned the
floor to him, supposing thaL he i ose to oppose the
amendment'of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. SAVAGE. 1 withdraw it. - •
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know whether, if thisamend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio should prevail,
we can go back and amend the Senate amend- -
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia, that in his opinion
the Senate amendment is the text upon which
the House may ingraft amendments, and that an
amendment offered to the Senate amendment, is
an amendment in the first degree, and that an
amendment may be offered to an amendment in
this committee. The Chair, ingiving his opinion,
conforms to what has been the usage of the com-
mittee, and never, in his judgment, departed from,
until within a few days past.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Chair did not
understand my remark. If the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio—and I am m favor of it—
prevails, does it prevent amending other parts of
the Senate's amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the question submitted to him is not a question of
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I desire
to amend the Senate amendment ahead of tins
ono.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
take the floor from the gentleman from Ohio for
that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Now I trust the
gentleman from Virginia will allow me to proceed
without further interruption.
The gistof the controversy between the Senate
and the House is contained in these few lines,
and there is no substantial difference which is not
found therein. Now, I think this last provision
ought to be stricken out, for these reasons: that
if wo give a bounty of over nineteen thousand
dollars a trip to the Collins line, they ought to
run that line', according to the contract, between
New York and Liverpool, and in competition
with the Cunard line. They ought to comply with
the contract on their part, by carrying the mails
from New York to Liverpool, and then the Gov-
ernment should comply with its contract by pay-
ing the stipulated price. The only reason which
existed for paying this large sum was to enable
it to competc with the Cunard line, thereby plac-
ing an American line in opposition to a British
line. Now they ask not only a continuance of
this large grant, but they seek to drive from the
ocean other lines which are running for the sim-
ple ocean postage. I am willing to stand by the
contract, and to pay them the f20,000 monthly,
for carrying the mails between New York and
Liverpool; but I am not willing to let them take
a better contract with the same bonus, and run
their line to Southampton, thereby having three
lines to Southampton, and none to Liverpool.
If we strike out that portion of the amendment
which I have indicated, we reduce the contest
between the House and the Senate to just noth-
ing at all.
Mr. EUSTIS. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is
laboring under a mistake. The amendment of
the Senate differs very materially from the pro-
vision of the House in this bill, and his proposi-
tion to strike out the last three lines does not, in
my opinion, relieve the amendment of the Senate
from some of the objections that have been urged
against it. But I agree with him, Mr. Chairman,
that the material difference between the Senate
amendment and the proposition of the House is
to be found in the last four lines. And, in answer
to the question of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Ivunkel] whether the Collins line did not
perform the duty which is now being performed
by the Bremen line and the Havre line, we have
simply to say that when the Collins line has per-
formed the trips from New York to Liverpool,
