1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
it would lead to a disruption of the Whig party in Tennes-
see, and furnish a plausible ground for imputations upon
my motives. And those friendly warnings were given the
up to the time of the final vote in the Senate. [ said to
some of those who thus kindly interposed their counsel
frankly, that if my course, whatever it should be, was not
approved by the Whigs of Tennessee, i was ready to retire
from the Senate—that I would do it most cheerfully."
Oil referring to the resolution introduced by
Mr. McKnight, in the House of Representatives
of Tennessee, we find that it was introduced by
a Wing, voted for by Whigs, and that party as
a party in the House of Representatives declared
that they approved of the gist, the main point
incorporated in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. That
is no garbled extract. They did not recite this
in the resolution. They did not go as far as they
might have gone. But what they did recite will
be. found in the speech which has been read by
the honorable gentleman, and I think the Legisla-
ture have done him no injustice in the extract
they have quoted:
"A noble, generous, and high-minded Senator from the
South, within the last few days befoie the final vote was
taken on the bill, appealed to me m a manner which I can
not narrate, and which affected me mostdeeply; the recol-
lection of it affects and influences my feelings now, and
ever will. I told that honoiable Senator that there was one
feature in the bill which made it impossible that I should
vote for it, if I waived all other obiections. I said to him,
and I said to others who had made appeals to me on the
subject, that, while it would afford me great pleasure to be
sustained by my constituents, yet if I was not, E would re-
sign my seat here the moment E found that my course upon
this subject was not acceptable to them. As for my stand-
ing as a public man, and whatever prospects a public man
of long service in the councils of the country might be sup-
posed to have, I would resign them all with pleasure. J
told that gentleman that if, upon this or any other great
question affecting the interest of the South, f should find
my views conflicting materially with what should appear
to be the settled sentiment of that section, 1 should fi'ul it
my impeiative duty to retire."
My honorable colleague said, in another portion
of his speech, that he would not be seen in the
Senate another day after it was ascertained that
his course was not acceptable to the people of
Tennessee. Why, then, should the Legislature be
complained of? The honorable gentleman says
he looks upon the resolutions as an insult. An
insult to recite his own language and address it to
him in respectful terms, and present it to the Sen-
ate of the United States! That is no garbled ex-
tract. It is the speech as it is in its context, and
reads just as it is. There is the fair, unequivocal
declaration, thatif his course came in conflict with
the views of the people of Tennessee, he would
not be seen in the Senate another day. Where is
there anything wrong or insulting in reciting that?
It seems to me thatit is an improperconstruction
put upon the resolutions, and great injustice has
been done to those who passed them.
I have shown that the Whigs m the Legislature
of the State of Tennessee, in 1854, voted to in-
struct their Senator to go for Mr. Dixon's amend-
ment, or in other words, the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. Now, the honorable gentleman
says that repeal has produced agitation and con-
fusion and strife throughout the country; has led
to those mischievous influences that have been
exerted fi-om one end of the country to the other.
As that subject has been introduced, I think we
may just as well go into it understandingly and
put it right. The query comes up, who is respons-
ible for the passage, in the language of my hon-
orable colleague, "of this most unfortunate act,"
as he says to-day " that was ever passed by the
Congress of the United States?" If its conse-
quences have been mischievous and dangerous, if
it has caused a sectional division of parties, and
if, as some infer, it may lead to a dissolution of
the Union, I ask who is responsible? Where
did the repeal of the Missouri compromise begin?
In 1850 there was a bill passed establishing a ter-
ritorial government in New Mexico. One of the
provisions of that bill declared that New Mexico,
" when admitted as a State, or any portion of
the same, shall be received into the Union with
or without slavery, as their constitution may pre-
scribe at the time of admission." In what condi-
tion was New Mexico at that time ? New Mex-
ico ran up to the forty-second degree of north lati-
tude. You went on to fix the southern boundary,
and embraced a certain area as the Territory of
New Mexico. Prior to the establishment of the
territorial government in 1850, what was the con-
dition of that Territory between 36° 30' and 42°?
In 1845,on the motion of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the Missouri com-
promise was extended to the western boundary
of Texas, along the line of 36° 30'. The Mis-
souri compromise was in existence to the western
boundary of Texas in 1850, when we passed the
bill establishing a territorial government for New
Mexico. When was the Missouri compromise
repealed? Without the incorporation of that pro-
vision in the bill establishing a territorial gov-
ernment for New Mexico, the people north of the
line of 36° 30' would have been excluded from
the introduction of slavery; butin the bill, you say
that when they are admitted into the Union, they
shall be admitted with or without slavery, as they
may prescribe in their constitution. This is clearly
a repeal of the Missouri compromise restriction,
and enables the people, if they thmk proper, in
the formation of their constitution, to establish
slavery in thatTerritory. The Missouri compro-
mise extended to the western boundary of Texas,
along the line of 36° 30', and excluded slavery in
the Territory between 36° 30' and 42°. The in-
corporation of that provision into the New Mexico
bill, providing for theiradmission into the Union
with or without slavery, removed the slavery re-
striction from 36° 30' up to 42°. That is the gist,
that is the point, that is the great thing which was
gained in 1850; that is what was understood to be
the pivot on which all the compromise measures
of 1850 turned. It was the removal of the slavery
restriction, in fact, from New Mexico, and the
establishment of a principle on which all future
Territories were to come into the Union as States.
We cannot misunderstand this.
Then, who voted for that repeal in 1850 ? And
was not the Missouri compromise then repealed?
It was to that extent, and the principle was estab-
lished of admitting all future States into the Union
on the policy of non-interference with slavery, al-
lowing the people to have it or not, as they might
prescribe in their constitution. Who voted for
the repeal—that most unfortunate act? Who voted
for the repeal—a measure which has resulted in
bringing on the country, so many mischievous
consequences? Did not my honorable colleague
stand up in 1850 and say " repeal it?" Then we
get a beginning-point. Now what extent of ter-
ritory was that? Some may think there was none
there; but whatextentof territory is there between
36° 30' and 42° in New Mexico, from which the
restriction was removed in 1850? I have taken
the trouble to look at the map, and I find that
there is enough of territory from which the sla-.
very restriction was removed in 1850 by the repeal
of the Missouri compromise to make eight States:
in other words, there is enough to make a State
larger than eight States m this Confederacy. There
are 20,050 square miles in New Mexico, above the
line of 36° 30', from which the slavery restriction
was removed by the act of 1850, for which my col-
league voted. New Hampshire has only 9,280
square miles; Vermont, 10,212; Rhode Island,
1,306; Connecticut,4,674. EventheState ofMas-
sachusetts has only 7,800 square miles; New Jer-
sey, 8,320; Maryland, 11,120; Delaware,2,120.
This Territory was ten times larger than some of
these sovereign States of the Confederacy. In 1850
the slavery restriction was removed from this, ex-
tentofteiTitoryjforitwasfree territory then, and
it was made discretionary with the people to have
slavery or not afterwards in forming their State
constitution.
Then we come to 1854. The Kansas-Nebraska
territorial bill was first reported by the chairman
of the Committee on Territories, the Senator
from Illinois, and it came before this body. It
was then sent back to the committee, and they re-
ported it with a provision—doing what? Making
no new law, but simply interpreting what was
meant by the act which waslntended as a repeal
of the Missouri compromise, for they refer to the
act of 1850, and establish that as a principle.
Then they incorporate another provision in the
following words, which are familiar to every
member of the Senate:
u Et being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States."
Another provision of the Kansas-Nebraska act
is in identically the same words as are contained
in the bill establishing the territorial government
of New Mexico. What are they? That when
they are admitted into the Union as a State they
shall be admitted with or without slavery as the
people may prescribe in their constitution. The
words are the same in the New Mexico bill as in
the Kansas bill. AH you did in 1854 was simply
to interpret what you meant by the act of 1850,
and that was that the people should come into the
Union as a State with or without slavery as they
might prescribe in their constitution; that it was
not the intention of the act to legislate slavery in
or out of the Territory, but to leave the people
free to act upon the subject, and it is nothing more
nor less than an interpretation of the act of 1850.
In this body this identical proposition caqie up
on a motion to strike out a portion of the bill.
Mr. Dixon's amendment substantially was incor-
porated into the bill and perfected a little more by
the chairman. A motion was made to strike out
that clause, and upon it the yeas and nays were
taken. That involved the very measure that my
honorable colleague says has resulted insomuch
mischief, has produced agitation, and may bring
about a dissolution of the Union; but he, under
the solemn sanction of an oath, with all the lights
before him, said "no; let it remain in the bill; re-
peal the Missouri compromise; that is the correct
interpretation of the act of 1850; that is what I
voted for then, and that is what I affirm now."
If this has been the most unfortunate act, if it has
produced agitation, if it has produced distraction,
and in the end should bring about a dissolution of
the Union, my worthy colleague voted $o put that
very thing in the bill which has brought about all
this agitation throughout this country.
But when th.e bill was put on its passage, after
this provision was incorporated in it, it is true my
honorable colleague voted against it; but the point,
the gist of the thing, was voted for in 1850, and
retained in the act of 1854. On a naked, clean
proposition to exclude it from the bill, my hon-
orable colleage said "no, let it remain there;" and
now he tells the country that the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise was an unfortunate act—the
most unfortunate that ever passed the Congress
of the United States!
I know that, in my own State, and I have no
doubt it is the case in most of the States of the
Union, there is one party who deny obedience to
popular sentiment, and who are always ready and
willing, when they can do so plausibly and suc-
cessfully, to evade the popular sentiment, espe-
cially when it comes in conflict with their peculiar
notions. I know that there is a party in this coun-
try who have a great dread of popular sentiment;
and hence many assume the position that the Sen-
ate of the United States is placed beyond the reach
of the popular will, and should be so. I hold to
no such doctrine. I hold that the popular senti-
ment, when fairly and fully expressed, should be
obeyed by public agents in this Government. We
assume here that all power is in the people, that
they are sovereign; and when the sovereign ex-
presses his will the agent is bound to obey. I
know, as well as my honorable colleage, that there
is nothing in the Constitution which requires or
compels a Senator or Representative to obey in-
structions, further than what is acknowledged by
the respective parties of the country. The Dem-
ocratic party, as I understand, lay down the doc-
trine that their public servants are always bound
to obey the popular will when it is fairly and fully
understood and expressed. Take the expression
of the Legislature of Tennessee in 1854; take the
expression of the people in 1855; take the expres-
sion of the people in 1856; take their expression
in 1857; and in every step we find that the popu-
lar sentiment is directed to one unerring point; and
the people are in favor of the great principle laid
down in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. What prin-
ciple is that? That the people are the source of
power; that when they come to form their organic
law, it is for them to determine the nature and
characterof their institutions, without interference
on the partof the Federal Government. The Dem-
ocratic party hold that Governments are instituted
for the good of the people; that a Government de-
rives all its just powers from the consent of the
governed; that government is made and organ-
ized and established for the people's convenience,
and not the people for the Government; that the
Government should always feel itself under the
control of the popular sentiment, instead of the
people feeling that they are under the control of
the sentiment of the Government; that the Gov-
ernment should always be dependent on the peo-
