1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2917
and back again, they have performed their con-
tract. Ami all that we'ask here—all that we in-
sist upon—is, that they shall be held simply to the
performance of their contract which they are now
endeavoring to shirk from. They are endeavor-
ing to shirk from their contract while they are
receiving nearly four times the amount of com-
pensation received by the two other lines.
In answer further to the gentleman from Mary-
land, we are not laboring at all under the im-
pression that these two lines to Havre and Bre-
men are performing this duty without compensa-
tion. They are performing this duty, and in lieu
of any bonus from the Government, they are re-
ceiving the inland and ocean postal receipts which
amount to $130,000 for the two lines; whereas,
on the other hand, the Collins line receives an
amount equal to $346,500.
Now, what does this Collins line propose to do ?
They propose to abandon the trade between New
York and Liverpool entirely to the Cunard line,
and leave it without competition. This argument
about competition was the argument urged at the
time of the establishment of the line, and the one
which actuated Congress in furnishing means to
carry it on. It was precisely for the purpose of
competing with the Cunard line. Now they pro-
pose to abandon this, and to enter into competi-
tion with two American lines which are perform-
ing the duty at the rate of $7,000 a trip. That
is, they propose to abandon this contract for the
purpose of entering into a new scheme which can-
not fail to be a material injury to the other two
lines.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order now
to move to strike out all of the Senate amendment
after the word " dollars," in the tenth line ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
would not be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose I can move to
strike out additional matter to that which the gen-
tleman from Ohio proposes to .strike out?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated that the amendment of the Senate is con-
sidered the text, and that the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio is an amendment m the first
degree only, so that an amendment can be offered
thereto.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to amend the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by
striking out the words 44 with the consent of the
contractors." I desire this amendment because
I wish to leave the matter under the control of
the Postmaster General, and also for other rea-
sons which I v/ish to state to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Virginia, that the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio is to strike out these
and other words'; and the effect of the gentleman's
amendment would be to retain these words in
the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, how shall I
get them out? Does not the Chair readily see
that if these words were out, some gentlemen
might be induced to vote for, and some against
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, who
would not do so under other circumstances?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia does not understand the suggestion of the
Chair. The motion of the gentleman from Ohio
is to strike out these and other words. The mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia is to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by
striking out these words. The parliamentary
effect of that would be to retain these words in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How shall I shape
the amendment? I confess I do not understand
the Chair. Well, I move to strike out all after the
word "dollars, "including the gentleman's amend-
ment, down to the word k< Southampton."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order. It will be competent for the gentleman
from Virginia, at tlna tune, to move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and no
further.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I try to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, but I
am not permitted, under the luling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mistakes
the ruling of the Chair. The gentleman from
Virginia may submit the amendment which he
The Chair only informed him that
the effect would not be what he supposes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I submit that
amendment. Mr. Chairman, I wish the commit-
tee to understand that I do not regard that there
is any Collins line subsisting or existing. Last
November, I think it was, Collins & Co. volun-
tarily, and of their own accord, abandoned their
contract, and their steamers have since been sold
at auction. If one side has a right to abandon
the contract, so has the other; and we all know
perfectly well that in these contracts for thetrans-
portation of the mails, there is uniformly a right
reserved, on the part of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, to annul a contract which is not executed,
but has been abandoned. Collins &> Co., then,
have failed, for about eight months, to execute
their contract. There is no contract that can
inure to them; and, acting upon that idea, this
House, on a former occasion, passed the provis-
ion which the Senate has undertaken to amend.
They recognize the fact that the contract is at an
end, and accordingly provided for the transporta-
tion of the mails from New York to Liverpool
without any reference to the late contractors, be-
cause they are no longer contractors. As to their
steamers being suitable for war purposes, why
they cannot even stand the pelting of the storm,
but go to wreck in the tempest. The only two
steamers they had left have been sold at auction,
as is known to every gentleman here, and have
been, I understand, bought in by foreigners—by
Englishmen.
In this state of things, what do we see? Citi-
zens of the United States, with genuine enter-
prise, undertaking to maintain the war which we
paid a heavy premium to the late contractors to
maintain against the Cunard line. We see Amer-
ican citizens—Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt amongst
others—putting their own steamers on the ocean,
without the bounty of the Govei nment, and main-
taining the contest. And, sir, the contest will be
maintained, and American and Yankee enterprise
will still%rd it on the ocean, as it h^s done here-
tofore. But, sir, if we still recognize these men
as contractors, give them a bonusof nearly twenty
thousand dollais a tup out of the Treasury, how
is individual enterprise, however ardent and active
and efficient, resting upon postages alone, to strug-
gle at the same time against the Cunarders and
an American company fed by Governmentbounty
of such lai&e amount?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his amendment. I desire
to offer one.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will do so to
oblige the gentleman, although I think my amend-
ment is a "Very proper one.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to add at the end of
the Senate amendment the words:
Upon condition that E. k. Collins & Co. shall relinquish
all claims upon the Government on account of their present
contiact.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that there is a
very important principle which underlies the
legislation now proposed. The contract between
Collins & Co. and the Post Office Department is
a subsisting one by which Collins & Co. get, in
round numbers, §30,000 per round trip, between
New York and Liverpool. They, however, have
become dissatisfied with the contract, because, as
one of the friends of the company has avowed
in his speech here this evening, they cannot com-
pete with the Cunard line; and because they can-
not do so, they ask the Government to pass a law
authorizing them to change the European term-
ination of their line so as to bring them m com-
petition with two other lines which are perform-
ing service between New York and European
ports.
The principle which I regard as important and
which is involved jn the legislation now proposed
is this: the policy of this Government has been,
or if it has not been, it ought to be, that we should
establish free trade (if I may apply such terms to
it) in our ocean mail service as well as in regard
to everything else. That we should, if we can
do so, get all our ocean mail service perfoimed
for the postages. That is the case now with the
Bremen and Havre lines. A contract subsisted
at one time between the Department and those
lines, by which they received a compensation out
of the general Treasury for the service they per-
formed. But that contract has terminated, and
now those lines are performing the service for the
postages. They are performing the service pre-
cisely as the Government ought to desire it to be
done, for what they earn by the postages with-
out any additional compensation.
Gentlemen endeavor to excite sympathy in fa-
vor of the Collins company, because they say
they have been competing with the European line
between 'New York and Liverpool. They say
that Collins is entitled* to kind consideration ana
the favorable regard of this Government, and
therefore he ought to be released from his con-
tract to run between New York and Liverpool,
and allowed to change his European termination
so as to come in competition with the lines that
are already running between the same points.
The lines now running to Bremen and Havre per-
form the service for the postages alone. That is
what we desire all our lines to do. 'We must
bring them to that, and then the mail service on
the ocean may be as abundant as there are appli-
cations for it; there should be no restriction. If
they will be content with the postages, I am will-
ing that any amount of ocean mail service shall
be performed. But it is proposed now to bring
the Collins line, with a bounty from the Govern-
ment of $20,000 for the round trip, in competition
with the very lines which are performing the ser-
vice upon the principle upon which the Govern-
ment desires all of the service to be performed,
and thereby to break down those lines, and defeat
all our reforms in our ocean mail service. I am
striving to prod uce the state of things on all of our
ocean mail steam lines that now exists with the
lines running to Bremen and Havre. They cost
the Department nothing. They only receive the
postage^earned on their lines respectively, and it
would be highly unjust that they should be re-
quired to contend with a new competing .com-
pany to which the Government pays a bonus of
$20,000 per round trip; and for one I will not vote
for it.
Mr. SICKLES. Does the gentleman from Ala-
bama withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. ^ As the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio*[Mr. Sherman] will accom-
plish the object I have in view, I withdraw mine,
and shall vote for his.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio an amendment which I think
will more nearly accomplish the object he has in
view than the motion he has made.
I move to amend the Senate amendment by
striking out the words, " by^ transporting the
mails from such port in the United States to such
port in Great Britain as he may select;" and also
by striking out the words, and the Postmaster
General may, with the consent of the contractors,
change the European termination of said route,
under the contract aforesaid, from Liverpool to
Southampton." The amendment of the Senate
will then read:
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and back, in pursuance of the contract with E. K,
Collins and others, $346,500: And it is hereby -provided,
That, for such days as the said Collin? and others shall fail
to perform *aid service, the Postmaster General is authoi-
l/.ed to contiact with the owner or owners of any other
steam vessel or vessels to perform said service, and that the
co>t (hereof be deducted from any amount which may be
due, or may become due, to E. K. Collins fit Co. for services
actually peifoimed.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is dou-
ble, and is not in order as it has been moved.
Mr. SICKLES. They both relate to the same
thing. I will, however, only offer the first at this
time.
Mr. Chairman, the words that I propose to
strike out are equally objectionable with those
embraced in the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. The effect of these portions of the Senate
amendments is to expose two existing American
! lines which stop h.t Southampton to an unfair
' competition entirely inconsistent with the whole
theory dfthe amendments proposed by the Sen-
ate to this bill. One of these lines—the New
York and Havre line—has never missed a trip,
and has performed its service faithfully, from the
beginning of its contract to the present hour, and
at a smaller compensation than has been accorded
by the Government to any other of its lines. The
