1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not take up time
now, but I could refer to the book and state the
exact date when he went there.
Mr. POLK. My point is, that it was after all
these transactions. .
Mr. SE WARD. Mr. President, this debate has
manifestly lost some portion of its interest, al-
though we are approaching a yet undetermined
conclusion. The length of time which it has occu-
pied might well account for'the decline of excite-
ment, and the repetition of the same topics, and
the same arguments—repetition not too often for
duly enlightening the minds of the people of the
Wilted States in regard to this great question, but
still too often" for patient endurance here will ac-
count still further for that decline. I think, how-
ever, that something is due also to the change
which has occurred in the form the question has
at last assumed. We began with ahigh-sounding
theme.* It was, at least, one so noble and so gen-
erous as that of popular sovereignty, and it speed-
ily and justly rose into the region of human rights.
In that imposing shape it was sent to a commit-
tee of conference. It now comes back from the
-conference chamber in the shape of an artifice-—
if it were respectful to say so, I should say a trick
 of legislative legerdemain. Assuming that one
or both of two factions is to be deceived, all that
seems to he left for us to discuss or the public to
consider, is, who is the dupe? In both ends of
the Capitol, to-day, ingenuity is taxed to take to
pieces this machine, which has been gotten up
solely for the purpose of a legislative puzzle.
Now, Mr. President, thatisa kind of debate for
•which I have the least taste, and, as I think, the
least talent. I have no curiosity for such investi-
gations. Among my first recollections, is one that
a person named Redheifer invented and put m op-
eration a curious machine, which was given to
the world in the city of Philadelphia, and m the
neighborhood of Congress. It was a perpetual
motion which was to supersede wind, and sail,
and steam, and every other motive power. I he
machine worked effectively,beautifully,perfectly;
but when the public expectation was satisfied by
this success, immediately Congress and the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania, and everybody else
throughout the whole country, wanted to see the
machine taken to pieces. Knowing that there was
ahuman agent within, or connected with it, they
wanted to see whether that secret actor was con-
cealed in the upper, or in the nether compartment
of the machine; whether in the chamber above, the
cellar beneath, or m an adjoining street or house.
I remember well that I took no interest m that ques-
tion. The machine was a very good thing as it
■was; it would be a very worthless thing when the
secret should be found out.
So, also, I remember, in later years, that a Ger-
man, with invention peculiar to his race and na-
tion, exhibited and put into action, in the city of
New York, an automaton chess-player. It was
constructed so skillfully, and mysteriously en-
dowed with such intelligence, that though a crea-
ture of human hands, it would not only beat
every adversary, but would even cry "check!
over the defeated competitor. *Just so soon as it
was certain that the machine was perfect, all the
world demanded that it should be taken to pieces,
to ascertain in what partof themachine,orin what
part of the house, or in what part of the city, the
liuman agent dwelt which mysteriously directed
the movement of the emblematical figures on the
chess-board. I took no interest in that question.
I was satisfied with the chess player as it was, ,
and 1 knew all the world would like it less when I
they came to know more of what remained to be |
known about it. I acted in those cases on this ;
principle: thatno one was deceived by Redheifer's •
perpetual motion but those who wanted to be
deceived; nobody was blinded by the automa-|
ton chess-player except those who wanted to be j
duped. So it is with the bill of the conference ;
committee on Kansas. It was gotten up to an- ;
swer a purpose of self-deception—gotten up with
care, so that it could not be explained satisfacto- •
rily by the one faction to the other, or even to i
itself. . ij
Mr. President, with this explanation I might
suffer this bill to pass. I might also suffer it to |j
pass on the ground that the puzzle has been ex- |
plained satisfactorily, triumphantly by the very ;j
astute Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Coli.imer,] ;!
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,J ■
always effective, and by all my associates on this
side of the House, as well as by the distinguished
Senators from Illinois and Michigan, who have
performed this task with more complete success
than I could hope to do it. I shall therefore be
very brief in my analysis of the bill.
I have to state, in the first place, that the bill
makes up and presents to the people of Kansas,
and to the country, afictitious or false issue. When
I say false, I mean a foreign or fictitious question
substituted for the true one. The true issue be-
fore Congress and the country, is the question
whether the people of Kansas shall or shall not,
as a condition of coming into this Union, have a
right to accept or reject the Lecompton constitu-
tion. No w, be it understood, that Congress gives
toeverynewState,when it comes intotheUnipn,
a dowry taken from the public lands within its
borders. Every new State receives it in every
case. Upon the giving of such a dowry, or upon
the quantity or extent of it, speaking practically,
no question is ever raised in Congress. The Le-
compton convention sent an application or a de-
mand for a large dowry, one larger than is usually
allowed. The Senate passed a bill putting aside,
thrusting out of the way altogether, not only the
amount of the dowry, but the giving one at all,
postponing it until another day; and contented it-
self with barely disclaiming, in the bill for the ad-
mission of Kansas which they passed, an assent
to the demand which the Lecompton convention,
speaking in the behalf of Kansas, had made.
The House of Representatives, in their bill for
the admission of Kansas, treated the matter in the
same way. They turned to the IVlinnesota bill,
and copied from it into their Kansas bill, which
they sent to the Senate, a provision by which
Kansas should receive a dowry exactly equal to
that of Minnesota.
From the beginning of this debate to the end,
there was no discussion, no question raised about
the amount of the dowry, or the giving it, or the
withholding it,and it was never heard of. Each
House was prepared to acquiesce on that point
with the other. From the 7th day of Decembei,
when this debate began in both Houses, until the
25th day of April, no voice ever raised a question
in regard to the form, nature, character, or amount
of that dowry; and thus entirely ignored by both
Houses, as that subject was, the whole question
was sent to a committee of conference.
When it came back from the conference cham-
ber, we found a recital in the bill to the cffect that
there is a difference between Congress and the
people of Kansas about the amount of the dowry,
and that upon that Congress desires to make a
proposition to the people of Kansas. The bill,
therefore, submits that proposition to their votes.
I have asked the reporter this morning, and have
learned from him that the debates of this Congress,
as published in the Congressional Globe, occupy
now eighteen hundred quarto pages, and that of
this immense volume of words which has been
poured out here, and is now uuining in rivers
over this broad land, nine hundretfpages are oc-
cupied with the debates on the Kansas question.
Now, sir, 1 will listen with respect and with kind-
ness to any Senator who will show me, in the
pages of that debate,in either House of Congress,
one word, not to say one page, occupied with the
dispute which the committee of conference have
now announced as perplexing Congress, and
which they propose, by their report, to refer to
the people of Kansas for settlement.
This question about the dowry is, therefore, a
•feigned issue, a fabricated issue, a false issue
substituted for the true and real one. It is a re-
sort in legislation to the oid practice of the law-
yers in the times of black-letter learning. Wheii
an honest man who was the owner of a freehold
was ejected or turned out of it by an intiuder
with violence, they would not let him bring an
action in his own name against the intruder, but
would oblige him to copy out from the book of
forms a summons or declaration m the name of
James Jackson, an imaginary man, who hap-
pened to be in possession under an imaginary
lease from the true owners, and was supposed to
be cjected therefrom by a casual and imaginary
intruder named John .Stiles. The lawyers made
up the issue in due form between these purely fic-
titious persons, and so the honest man tried his
title to his freehold and recovered it, not against
the man who evicted him, but against a man of
straw, and recovered it not in his own name, but
in the name of a man of hay. In all the States of
this Union I believe they have abolished these
miserable artifices which anciently figured in the
conduct of legal proceedings. What earthly ne-
cessity is there for resorting to them in legisla-
tion ? Sir, I have no patience with such devices.
Though a man generally of gentle dispositions,
some good nature and much endurance, I feel,
when I meet such a false issue as this put into the
place ofatrue one, in the course of our legislation,
very much like that chivalrousVirginia gentleman
who happening to be abroad in his neighborhood
when the sheriff came through it serving sum-
monses in ejectment in the name of James Jack-
son against John Stiles, everywhere, and leaving
them around to disturb good, quiet freemen with
their mysterious portents, pursued and overtook
the sheriff and asked if he could tell him where
that James Jackson lived,because if he could only
find out where he lived he would send him' a chal-
lenge. [Laughter.]
I show the Senate next, a second false issue
presented in this new bill, an issue raised con-
cerning the actual amount of population in Kan-
sas. The committee of conference find that there
is just population enough to make a slave State,
and by no means enough, not one half enough,
to make a free State. There is just population
enough to admit the State at once if it will accept
the Lecompton constitution, and not population
enough at all to admit it under any other . When
did this question of numbers arise in this debate ?
It arose just in that day and hour and moment
when the report of the committee of conference
was brought into the Senate and Representatives'
Chambers. _ _ _ .
We are required now to investigate this fact,
and to decide whether there is population enough
to entitle Kansas to be admitted as a free Statp, if
she shall choose to be a free State. I would not
dwell on this false issue, if I had not evidence that
it is effective here. It seems to carry with it the
vote of the honorable Senator from Ohio who has
spoken this morning, [Mr. Pugh;] at least I can
(? I    ^r^lnnatinn IllO linnFl
sputvtlll lino ijiuitiiijg,   -
find no other explanation of his course upon this
bill. The honorable Senator from Ohio, under in-
structions from his Legislature, voted against the
Senate's bill for the admission of Kansas because
itdid notsubmit the Lecompton constitution to the
people. The honorable Senator tells us that this
new bill does not submit the Lecompton consti-
tution to the people, and yet he votes for it.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
where his authority is for stating that that was
the reason for my going against it?
Mr. SEWARD. I am arguing, sir.
Mr. PUGH. That was not the instruction.
The instruction was not based on that ground.
Mr. SEWARD. As the honorable gentleman
has left his course obscure, I am endeavoring to
arrive at results by such lights as shine along our
way. I hope to do him no injustice. I infer that
he votes for this bill on the ground that Kansas
has got just numbers enough to make a slave
Slate, and not numbers enough to make a free
State. The honorable Senator has taken more
pains to refer to the speeches thatl have made in
the Senate heretofore, than I ever took for my-
self. He has so presented remarks taken fiom
these speeches as to imply that, m 185G, I stood
upon the ground that there were votes enough to
make a State in Kansas, and if there were not,
there soon would be.
Sir, I have heard the extracts from those speeches
which have been read. I ask, when I ever prom-
ised the rapid settlement of a new State under the
ravages of invasion and amid the desolations of
civil"var ? I spoke for the advance of Kansas
under the Topekaconstitution, which I urged the
Senate to recognize—m other words, as a free
State. I ask, again, did I stand up here and
promise a vernal, a luxuriant growth, to a slave
State planted anywhere, much more to a slave
State planted north of 36° 30' of north latitude?
No, sir. Continue civil war and slavery m Kan-
sas, or even continue slavery there alone, and my
! promises that she shall have population enough
1 to make a State entitled to a Representative in the
J Rouse of Representatives will be postponed as
: long as the promises made in the same respect
I in regard to Florida, for aught 1 know. I know
I better, sir, what it is that makes States stand and
i flourish, or droop and decline. I do not think I
