80S
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 23,
pie for support, instead of the people looking up
to the Government to be protected and supported
by it.
There are two parties in this Government, as
there have been hi all Governments, since men
were organized into communities, and the Kansas-
Nebraska bill tests the fundamental principle of
the two parties in this country. The Kansas-
Nebraska bill proclaims the great principle which
was incorporated into the Declaration of Inde-
pendence in 1776, when it issued forth from the
old Congress Hall in Philadelphia, as a blaze of
light and. as a beacon to the patriots of the Revo-
tion. It asserts the great principle which was
established by the successful Revolution of our
fathers. What was that ? That these Colonies
are free and independent, and have a right to form
their own constitutions, to regulate their own do-
mestic institutions; that they are not dependent
on Parliament; that they are not dependent on the
Crown. Reversing the old notion of the divine
right of kings; reversing the notion that an aris-
tocracy, or a particular class of the community,
has a right to govern contrary to the popular sen-
timent, they established the great principle that
the people are sovereign; that the people are the
Source of power; that all government must be de-
rived from the consent of the governed.
"What, however, is the principle set up by those
who opposed the Kansas-Nebraska bill ? It is
that sovereignty must reside somewhere; that it
must have a lodgment; that it must have an abid-
ing place; and they say this sovereignty resides
in Congress. If Congress, by the passage of an
organic law, can determine the nature and char-
acter of the institutions of the Territories in the
formation of their State governments, do not the
Territories occupy, towards the Congress of the
Umted States., the same relation that the Colonies
occupied to the Crown and Parliament of Great
Britain ? The Kansas-Nebraska bill proclaimed,^
in unmistakable language, that sovereignty resides
in the people. That is the difference between the
principles of the friends and opponents of that
measure.
Nowadays we hear men talk about enabling
acts on the part of Congress, as it would seem to
develop sovereignty; and some tells us that Con-
gress has sovereignty over the Territories vested
in it as a trustee. I say this is reasserting the old
doctrine which our fathers repudiated, and on ac-
count of which the separation of this Government
was brought about from the mother-country.
What, sir, an enabling act to authorize those who
are sovereign to make a State? Opposition to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill is a denial of the exercise
of the great principle that man is capable of self-
government and has a right to make his own gov-
ernment. My honorable colleague, while he voted
to incorporate the mischievous and unfortunate
part in the bill, then turned round and recorded
his vote against it, thus denying the exercise of
that great principle by the people in their origin-
al, organic character.
Some gentlemen who argue this question do not
seem to be aware of the conclusions that naturally
result from their premises. I have laid it down
as a rule for myself that where I cannot see re-
sults clearly, where I cannot see all the collateral
issues that may be brought up; where there is a
principle involved, in the language of that philos-
opher and statesman, Mr. Jefferson, in all doubt-
ful questions I will pursue principles. In the pur-
suit of correct principle, you can never reach a
wrong conclusion. In this discussion there is in-
volved a great principle—a principle of free gov-
ernment. We started in the revolution on the great
idea that the people are sovereigns, that the people
are capable of self-government, that the people
have a right to originate their governments and
determine the nature and character of their own
institutions. When men get into Congress, how-
ever, removed from the people, their view be-
comes circumscribed; their vision is not quite so
acute; they do not discriminate so nicely in ref-
erence to the power of the people; they become
timid; they dread popular sentiment; they do not
discover the true location of sovereign power. A
distinguishedgentleman of this body has informed
us that Congress holds the sovereignty of the
Territories as trustee, that it is here m a state of
abeyance. The idea of a man who can reason
fro™ cause to effect, who can discover the relation
and dependencies of one thing on another, who
understands something of that great law which
observes the relation of things, talking about sov-
ereignty being vested in the Congress of the United
States, strikes me as very singular. Whjtis this
Federal Government? It is a government of de-
rived, of limited powers, not possessing a single
original power. Can we by any process of reason-
ing convert the derivative into the primitive? Can
we convert the creature into the creator ? Whence
does this Government derive its power ? From
the States. It is the agent of the States, exercis-
ing delegated but not sovereign power. Where
do the States derive their power? From the people.
The people are the source, the original lodgment
of power. Power is inherent in man now as in
the Revolution. When a State is to be formed
you must go back to this original power. Con-
gress cannot impart it.
We are told by some that when a Territory has
assumed the shape of an inchoate State, it may
petition. I am noticing these objections in con-
nection with the bold position taken by my col-
league in opposition to the people making their
own government, and in opposition to the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. Itis said that after the people
of a Territory have organized themselves, not as
a State, but in somewhat of an embryo condition,
as a State in incipiency, an inchoate State, they
may come here with a constitution in the shape
of a petition, and that Congress, by a subsequent
act, may cure the defects, may overlook the in-
formalities or irregularities, and admit them.
Now, when we come to examine this proposi-
tion, it seems to me its absurdity is so striking,
that those who wish to be right cannot fail to see
it. What can Congress do on this subject? The
Congress may—it is not compelled to uo so—ad-
mit new States. The grant of power to admit a
State does not confer on Congress power to make
a State. The Congress may admit new States,
but it has no power to make one. The idea of
a community coming before Congress* as peti-
tioners, and Congress, by an act of admission
overlooking irregularities and converting that
community into a State, is an absurdity; it is a
contradiction of terms that cannot be reconciled.
Congress cannot admitanything but a State; and
it must be a State in the technical and proper sense
of that term before Congress can admit it; so that
it is not the act of admission that makes it a State.
The simple act of admission merely makes it a
member of this Union of States. It must be a
State before. Congress cannot admit anything
but a State; and it is not the act of admission that
makes the State.
I see that some of the opponents of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, when hard pressed, when hunting
for power in the Constitution m reference to legis-
lation by Congress in regard to new States, aban-
don that old clause they used to rely upon that
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory or other property belonging to the
United States," and consequently can pass laws
in reference to territorial governments. They
have given that up; they have abandoned that
idea; and when hard pressed, they now say that
Congress, under the power to admit new States,
may make a State. That is reversing all the rules
of construction. Itis making the incident a much
greater power than the express grant. The ar-
gument is that the power to admit a State implies
that you may make it; but it must be a State be-
fore you can admit it, so that there is nothing in
that argument.
When we get back to the original meaning of
the Constitution,properly speaking Congress has
no right to legislate in the Territories, beyond
making laws for tfie disposition of the public
lands; but precedent and custom have gone on
from time to time, until we have worn into it, and
come to regard it as a part of the Constitution.
My colleague, with others in taking their stand
against the Kansas-Nebraska bill, did so against
that, great principle which lies at the foundation
of this Government, that the people are the true
source of power, that the people have the right
and ought to determine the nature and character
of then-institutions in the formation of their con-
stitution. Suppose an honest emigrant goes from
the State of North Carolina, orTennessee, orany
of the older States, to Kansas, or any other Ter-
ritory; he was a source of power in the1 State from
which he emigrated, and the State derived all its
legitimate functions from him as an item or part
of the aggregation. I should like to know, wfren
he goes into a Territory, if he does not carry sov-
ereignty with him? Sovereignty is inherent in
man. Man carries sovereignty into the Territo-
ries with him. Congress may give its assent that
a certain number of individuals may erect a gov-
ernment upon its soil—the fee being here, the
power existing on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment to expel or eject intruders and trespassers.
That is all the assent they need have from Con-
gress. Man carries sovereignty with him; and
sovereignty is the essential necessary to constitute
a State. When the people in a Territory come to
form their organic law, it is for them to combine
their will in the shape of a constitution; and when
they get there, I might say each is a part of one
entire whole—the people's will the sovereign and
soul.
Government emanates from them. They are
the .source of power. A government might be
itinerant; yet it would be with the people though
it might have no abiding place. All that is neces-
sary is the assent of Congress, the fee being here
and Congress having the power and the right to
eject and expel intruders from its public domain;
but that which is essential and necessary to con-
stitute a government and make a State. Such a
State as should be admitted into this Confederacy,
must emanate from the people—not from enabling
acts, not from laws curing defects. Sovereignty
is inherent in man. He carries it with him as an
item or partof the aggregate community tliatforms
an organic law.
<•' What constitute? a State ?
Not htgh-rais'd battlement or labor'd mound,
Thick wall or moated gate;
Not cities proud with spires and tunets crowned ;
Not bays and broad-arm'd ports,
Where, laughing at the storm, rich navies ride ;
Not starrd and spangled courts,
Where low-brow'd baseness wafts perfume to pride.
Nomen, high-minded men,
With powers as far above dull brutes endued,
In lorest, brake, or den,
As beasts excel cold i oeks and brambles rude ;
Men, who their duties know,
But know their lights, and knowing dare maintain,
Prevent the long mm'd blow,
And crush the tyrant, while tliey rend the chain
These constitute a State."
Not your enabling acts, not your acts curing
defects, not authority from Congress, but author-
ity from the people; and the voice of the people,
when it comes up here, even to the Senate, this
august, dignified, and intelligent body, far removed
from the people as it is, through their Legisla-
tures, should be potential, and should be observed
and obeyed.
Where does resistance to the Kansas-Nebraska
act and to the principles laid down in it carry us ?
Let. me address Democrats from the South on this
question; we may as welfcomeup to it like men.
Some of us are a little timid and afraid when the
sentiments of our hearts are known and under-
stood, to trust the people on this great question
of slavery. If we concede on the one hand that
sovereignty is here, and that Congress has abso-
lute control over the Territories, where is the
South ? Have not your opponents got the power
both as to States and numbers of Representatives,
and if you concede that sovereign power is lodged
here to control, and that sovereignty emanates
from the Federal Government, have you any
hope ? None. But according to the principle laid
down in the Kansas-Nebraska act, the principle
established in 1850, of leaving the people perfectly
free to determine the nature and character of their
own institutions, let us take our chances as to this
institution of slavery as the people may determine.
Hero it is against us; there is some chance for
us if we leave the question to the people. If they
say " no slavery," exclude it from every Territory
in the Union; but if they say " slavery," in the
organic law which they may form, and come here
for admission, let it remain; it is no business of
Congress. It is for the people, and not the Con-
gress of the United States, to decide. Where, I
ask, does opposition to this principle lead ? Where
are those of you that deny this power and say it
shall be exercised by Congress instead of the peo-
ple in the formation of their constitutions, going?
I find a resolution, adopted in Philadelphia, in
June, 1856, which declares—
" That the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United States for their
government, and that in the exeicise of this power it is both
