1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was ever so young when I saw the play of Othello
opened on the stage, and saw the odious scene of
amalgamation there—the Moorishgeneral married
to the fair daughter of the Senator of Venice in
the first act—I did not know that contentions and
(strifes would followin the second, and thatdesola-
tion and death would be the denouement of the
drama.
Sir, 1 stood here in 1856, as I stand here now,
advocating the admission of Kansas into the
Union as a free State—advocating it not upon the
ground of a superabundant, or even sufficient pop-
ulation, but simply upon the ground that it was
necessary, even though I confessed it to be a rev-
olutionary movement, under the forms of the Con-
stitution, to arrest evils for which there seemed
to be no other remedy. It would hav£ been well
if you had listened to my counsel then. I stand
on that ground now. It is immaterial to me,
totally immaterial, whether Kansas has ten thou-
sand orten hundred thousand people; I shall vote
for her admission under a constitution of her own
choice that secures equal and impartial liberty to
all her people, with her present population, be it
■what it may. You may pile numbers up until
you reach the population of China and the myr-
iads of the teeming East, yet I will not give a
vote to admit the State in violation of its own
will, or its own just convictions of its interest in
the dignity of human labor.
Mr. President, I have to allege against this bill
a third fault, namely, that it is indirect; it bears
the stamp of equivocation upon every page and
every line. The issue which was directly raised
between the two Houses, as I have already said,
■was whether Kansas should be admitted into the
Union with or without the submission of the Le-
compton constitution. Parties in Congress, and
in the country, had committed themselves upon
that issue, as they thought, irrevocably.
Does this bill submit the Lecompton constitu-
tion to the people, or does it not? There is the
nuzzle. The party who objected to the admis*
sion of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution
because the constitution was not submitted, are
expected to say, and some of them do say, that
their difficulty is removed because this bill sub-
mits the constitution to the people. The party
who were committed to vote against any bill by
which it should be submitted, say that it is not
submitted.
Here is a question which I must solve. It lies
right across my way. Well, sir, I have made up
my mind upon it. I have reached the conclusion
that the bill does not submit the Lecompton con-
stitution to the people. No, sir, not at all! I think
so because its two senatorial fathers of the com-
mittee of conference, the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Green,] and the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] reject that con-
struction, and say it is unfounded. Certainly tins
is the best authority. Their construction is the
interpretation given by the framers of the bill
itself. Then I look into the bill and I find that it
carefully defines and limits what it does submit.
And what it submits is the question upon the
dowry; nothing more, nothing less, nothing else:
dowry or no dowry, pure and simple. But I look
further, to see if Lecompton is not smuggled away
in some other part of the bill. I go back, of course,
to the beginning. I find that the bill begins with
a recital of the only point of difference there is,
and that is about the amount of the dowry. Thus
I have shown that the bill most clearly does not at
all submit the Lecompton constitution to the peo-
ple of Kansas,
But, in pursuing this subject, I have made up
my mind Mr. President, on the other hand, that
the bill does submit the Lecompton constitution
to the people. Of course I must prove that fact
also. I will prove that in this way: there is to
be an election held in Kansas, and at that election
the question is to be submitted to the people, •will
you accept the dowry proposed by Congress, or
will you not? If you accept the dowry, then the
Lecompton constitution, with all its hideous fea-
tures, and ferocious, blood-stained hands, stands
erect in Kansas now; and except as God may pre-
, serve the people there from seduction and intim-
idation, it stands forever. But if the people say
nay to the dowry, then the monster Lecompton
perishes and dies in the agony of its birth. Now,
Mr. President, how can this consequence, this re-
sult, folio w unless a question which involves it has
been submitted to the people? 1 submit, sir, with-
out fear of contradiction, that I have shown that
this bill does submit the Lecompton constitution
to the people of Kansas.
I am confirmed in this by the construction given
to the bill by those to whom it is addressed, for
recollect it is to be passed upon by the people of
the North and the people of the South. We have
seen, on behalf of the people of the South, that
they say that the constitution is not submitted.
But they are not to testify forthis, the Northern,
construction. Here is the language of a Demo-
cratic paper in the State of New Hampshire:
" We present, in another column, the lull agreed upon by
the conference committee for the admission of Kansas,
which was reported on Friday last. It will be seen that it
submits to the people of Kansas the simple and direct ques-
tion, whether they will be admitted into the Union under
the Lecompton constitution, or remain a Territory until
they number inhabitants enough to entitle them to a Rep-
resentative in Congress." * * * * "It seems
to us'-that this bill ought to satisfy every Democrat who has
opposed the original bill for admission with the Lecompton
constitution, for the reason that the people were not allowed
to decide for themselves whether they would have that con-
stitution or not. By this bill, the people are allowed to de-
cide that question; it is to be fairly and squarely submitted
to them."
Now, I find myself in a dilemma. I hare
proved that the Lecompton constitutionisnot sub-
mitted to the people by this bill, and I have proved
also that it is so submitted. Here is a paradox;
that is, a case in which the propositions are both
true, and yet they are as irreconcilable as free-will
and fate, which perplex so much the theologians.
I am not willing to stop where the theologians
stop, without trying to reconcile the difference; I
am determined to find out how it is that both these
propositions are true, and therefore both false. I
think I have found it. The honorable Senator
from Missouri, the chairman of the committee,
has helped me out of the dilemma. He has told
us that although the life or death of Lecompton
hangs on the acceptance of the proposition of the
dowry by the people of Kansas, yet that is a con-
sequence only of their acceptance or rejection of
that dowry; and what have Congress to do with
such remote consequences as that? The conse-
quence which Congress looks to is the first con-
sequence merely—dowry or no dowry. If, after
that, there comes a further consequence for good
or evil, Congress has nothing to do with it at all.
It is a convenient way, and 1 refer it to the theo-
logians for their uses. Just limit the responsibil-
ity of the Creator to the first consequence, and let
all later conscquences go to the arch one of evil
to explain, defend, or answer for.
This explanation of the honorable chairman,
although it is perfectly clear to me, yet was not
quite satisfactory until I cast around me to see
how effectual it was in convincing other minds
that had been perplexed. Sir, the first member
of Congress in the House of Representatives who
broke ground against the Lecompton constitution
was an honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] representing, I think, the capital district
in that honored State. lie denounced this Le-
compton outrage in language so strong, with a
tone so bold, with a logic so triumphant, that J
was disposed to contribute something from my
ownmeanstogive a circulation to hisimpassioned
and conclusive address. It has gone, therefore,
broadcast over the land. He is a man that could
not be convinced of his error by any inconclusive
argument; yet he is converted tothisproposition,
and I think it due to him that, in this poor way,
1 should give to the world, as far as it is in my
power, his explanation of this bill:
" Mr. Cox said he was first m the House to oppose the
Lecompton constitution, yet he had come to the conclu-
sion to sustain the report. Proper considerations had ac-
tuated bun throughout. Though the constitution was not
to be submitted,the leport piovided for obtaining the sense
of the people upon it."
There is an explanation, Mr. President, that is
an explanation—anexplanation mostsatisfactory,
most triumphant; a process has been provided
for obtaining the sense of the people on a prop-
osition which is not submitted to them! Sir,
there is no State but Ohio that could have sug-
gested a solution of this problem like that.
Well, Mr. President, being a little inquisitive,
I have looked further to find out the nature, the
form of this process by which the sense of the
people, in regard to the Lecompton constitution,
is obtained without submitting the constitution to
them. I have found out the secret. I will show
it by an illustration: I suppose the case of a Knew-
Nothing or a Masonic lodge, where it. is proposed
that a candidate shall be admitted. , The society
are unwilling to give offense by rejecting him, and
yet a portion of its members are' unwilling to ac-
cept him. They hare in those societies, I under-
stand, two kinds of balls—black balls and "white
balls; votes are east in favor of a proposition with
white balls, against it with a black ball. Now.
the society declare that whereas there, is a differ-
ence of taste among its members, some preferring
to use black balls and others white, they submit
the choice between the two kinds of balls, ignor-
ing altogether the question of any candidate wAo
is to be voted for. But they say that the mem-
bers of the society shall deposit their balls in the
box, and if there are more white balls than black,
the candidate comes in; if there are more black
balls than there are white, then it shall be taken
and deemed that the lodge prefer black balls to
white; and not only that, but- it shall also tie
deemed and taken that the candidate was a very
unworthy person, and shall never be admitted at
all, or at least till he grows ten years older.
[Laughter.] That is the process, I think, by
which you are going to obtain the sense of the.
people on this proposition which you do not sub-
mit to them.
Mr. President, the use of equivocation, or the
double entendre, is an act of immorality in legisla-
tion, deserving of severe censure. What respect,
what submission, what obedience can yoa expect
from the citizen, if legislators resort to such a
practice in making their laws? There are worse
consequences beyond this immorality. The meas-
ure before Congress will draw after it, not only
the entrance of Kansas into the Union as a slave
State, but all the consequences which will follow
from the establishment of a slave State in the
tenter of this continent, on the highway between
the Atlantic and Pacific north of 36° 30'—a slave
State that we are, for our present purposes, to
consider is to be perpetual and immortal. You
have only, by this or by any other course of ac-
tion, direct or indirect, to introduce slavery there,
and extend it across our whole domain from north
to south, to raise a barrier between the East and
the West, between the Atlantic and Pacific por-
tions of the Republic, I was going to say as en-
during, I will say more insurmountable, than the
ridges ofthe Rocky Mountains or the snow-capped
range of the Sierra Nevada.
Sir, it amuses me much when I hear patriotic and
sagacious men predicting the removal of this capi-
tal from the falls of the Potomac to the junction
of the Alleghany and the Monongahela, or some-
times, with a broader forecast, to Cincinnati, the
queen city ofOhio, or further on to St. Lqjiis, and
so settling the center of Federal power in the
valley of the Mississippi. Sir, if you will only
confine this institution of slavery within its pres-
ent boundaries, give it no further room nor verge,
the capital of this country may remain where it
is, but the center of the Union will be nearer the
valley of Mexico than the valley of the Missis-
sippi. Then that power will grasp the equator on
the one side and the northern pole on the other.
But no such prcttnise, no such hope awaits the
Republic if you separate the free Atlantic States
from the free Pacific coast.
Sir, while this bill ignores the real question, it
suppresses, with double care, the great, leading,
actual political fact, which lies everywhere iust
beneath the surface of (he whole debate. If Kan-
sas comes into this Union under the Lecompton
constitution, she comes as a slave State. If she
comes under any other constitution, it is hoped,
by those who advocate freedom, that she will
come as a free State. This bill gives Kansas the
choice of beingaslave State, and only that choice.
You have already induced the Supreme Court of
the United States to expound your Constitution
so that the President, on their authority, de-
j clares that Kansas, so long as she remains a Ter-
1 ritory, is a slave State as much as South Caro-
lina. The change you offer her is, that if she will
accept the Lecompton constitution she shall be
recognized in form, as well as in fact, as a slave
State. Sir, your bill gives no alternative but this.
It does indeed say that in the future—God knows
how far off it may be—if slavery be now recog-
, nized there, the people of Kansas may make an-
! other constitution, and send it to you here for
your consideration. Sir, the postponement is a
