292©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
kind, I believe, I have -made daring the present
session, and the only bill before the House in
which my constituents are directly interested. T
ask the consent of the House to take it up.
- Mr. DEWART. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
HARDY AND LONG.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia to suspend the
rules cannot be entertained, I ask the indulgence
of the House to call up a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate bill for the relief of
Hardy & Long was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar. I
entered the motion to reconsider at the request
of my colleague, [Mr. Caruthers,] who is ab-
sent.
Mr. LETCHER. AVhat motion is depend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes past nine o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 11, 1858.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT; The Journal of
yesterday will be read.
Mr. STUART. I suppose thg Journal is made
up, in a great measure, of amendments to appro-
priation bills and oflists of yeas and nays. I sug-
gest that we dispense with (he reading of those.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Secretary will omit the read-
ing of those portions of the Journal.
With those exceptions, the Journal was read
and approved.
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
i?c«0/i>e/7,(the House of Representatives concurring,) That
the Hkh and ITtli joint iules of the two Houses bo bu^pended
during the remainder of the present scsmoh.
These rules are as follows: ^
" 16. No bill that shall have passed one IIou«e shall lie
sent /or concurrence to the other on either of the three lust
days of the session.
" 17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senateshall be presented
to the Piesiuent of the United States tor his approbation on
the last day of the session."
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORV. I gave notice, in the begin-
ning of the week, that I should ask the Senate,
on Wednesday last, to take up the bill (S. No.
373) declaratory of the acts for carrying into effect
the ninth article of the treaty between the United
States and Spain, and I refeircd Senators to a re-
port on the subject, made by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.] I presume, un-
less we can have a hearing on this bill this morn-
ing, the adjournment will take place without dis-
posing of it. It is a very important one in view
of our foreign relations. I do not feel at liberty
to discuss the merits of the bill now; but I will
say to the Senate that it is to carry out the pro-
visions of a treaty with Spain, and while we have
reclamations on her, she is throwing it in our teeth
almost daily, that we have not yet cairied out our
treaty stipulations with her, I am not disposed
to interfere with the appropriation bills, and there
is one measure to come up to-day affecting the Sen-
ators from Indiana, winch I would not interfere
with, and if the discussion on this bill shall inter-
fere with that, I shall consent to lay it aside. I
ask that the vote may bo taken on taking it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection ?
Mr. HUNTER. I object. There are appro-
bation bills on the table on which I want to get
conference committees appointed.
Mr. MALLORY. Can I not have a vote of
the Senate on my motion? I move to postpone
all prior orders, and take up the bill which I have
named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such a motion is
notin order until the Chair calls for petitions and
reports.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask unanimous consent to
take up the appropriation bills on the table, for
the purpose of having committees of conference
appointed. [" No objection."] 1 move, first, to
take up the naval bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 199) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 3Qth of June, 1859,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and
the amendment of the House to the fourteenth
amendment of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, U was
Ordered, That the Senate insist on it* amendments dis-*
agreed to by the House of Representatives, disagree to the
House amendment of its fourteenth amendment, and ask
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, and by unani-
mous consent, the Vice President was authorized
to appoint the conference committee on the part
of the Senate; and Mr. Pearce, Mr. Foot, and
Mr. Mau.ory, were appointed conferees on the
pai t of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE was, on his motion, excused
from serving as one of the committee of confer-
ence, and Mr. Pugh was appointed.
Subsequently, Mr. PUGH was, on his motion,
excused, and Mr. Benjamin was appointed, so
that the committee consists of Mr. Mallory, Mr.
Foot, and Mr. Benjamin.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk, announcing that the House insisted upon
its disagreement to certain amendments of the
Senate to the bill (Ii. R. No. 199) making ap-
propriations for the naval" service for the year
ending June 30, 1859; insisted upon its amend-
ment to the fourteenth amendment of the Senate;
agieed to the conference asked by the Senate, and
appointed Mr. Thomas S. Bocock, Mr. John
Kelly, and Mr. Freeman H. Morse, managers
at the conference on its part.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 558) making appro-
priations for the transportation of the United
States mail J)y ocean steamers, and otherwise,
during the fiscal yearending 30th June, 1859, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amendments, and
ask for a committee of conference on the dis-agieemg votes
of the two Houses.
On.motion of Mr. HUNTER, and by unani-
mous consent, it was ordered that the committee
be appointed by the Vice President; and Mr.
Yulee, Mr. Seward, and Mr. Clay were ap-
pointed conferees on the part of the Senate.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk, announcing that the House insisted upon
its disagreement to certain amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 558) making appro-
priations for the transportation of the United
States mails by ocean steamers and otherwise, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1859; agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. George W. Jones, Mr. Hum-
phrey Marshall and Mr. William H. English
managers at the same on its part.
"SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 557) making supple-
mental appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various tribes
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, and the
amendment of the House to the thirtieth amend-
ment of the Senate to the said bill.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Revolved < That the Senate msi-t on ifs amendments dis-
agreed to by the Ilou.-e of Representatives, disagiee to the
amendment or the Iloujetoits thirtieth amendment, and |
a&k a conference on the disagreeing vote* of the two Houses. j
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, and by unan- j
irnous consent, the Vice- President was empow-
ered to appoint the conference committee on the
partofthe Senate; and Mr. Bright, Mr. Stuart,
Mr. Sebastian, were appointed.
Mr. STUART was, on his motion,.excused
from serving on the conference committee; and
Mr. Rice was appointed.
Subsequently, a message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk, announcing that the House insisted upon
its disagreement to certain amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 557) making sup-
plemental appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1856, and upon its amendment to the thirtieth
amendment of the Senate to the said bill; and
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Mr. George S. Houston, Mr. James
B. Ci/ay, and Mr. Benjamin F. Leiter, man-
agers of the same on its part.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
TUe Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 243) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and the amendment of
the House to the forty-first amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that bill, I wish
to try the sense of the Senate before asking for a
conference. I am informed by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means (I have not
had time to cast them up myself) that the Senate,
by their amendments, added $3,000,000 to the
amount appropriated by the bill. The House of
Representatives disagreed to most of our amend-
ments. Although I would not concur entirely
with the action of the House, yet I believe they
have made the bill much better than it was when
it went to them, and much better than it will prob-
ably be after it comes out of a conference. For
] the purpose of taking the sense of the Senate, and
preventing a conference if possible, I move that
the Senate recede from the amendments to which
the House disagreed, and concur in the House
amendment to our forty-first amendment.
Mr. SEWARD and others. What are they?
Mr. HUNTER. Let the Secretary read them.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
Senate,-in which the House of Representatives
non-concurred, to wit:
On page 2, at the end of jine twenty-one, Insert:
Provided, That the supeimtendentof the Military Acad-
emy, while serving as such by appointment of the Piesi-
-dr-nt, .-hail have the local i an k and the pay and allowances
of a coloru-l of imirineeis ; that the commandant of the corp?
of cadets at the Militaiy Academy, while serving as such
| by appointmentot the Fiesident, shall have the local rank,
and pay and allowances of a lieutenant colonel of engineers,
and, besides Ins other duties, shall be charged with the duty
ot instructor in the tactics of the three aims at said acad-
emy ; and that the senior assistant instructor in each of the
arms of service, to wit, the artillery, cavalry, and infantry,
shall severally leceive the pay and allowances of the as-
sistant prote^or of mathematics.
Mr. SEWARD. Are we to take the question
separately ?
Mr. HUNTER. We probably can take the
question on all the amendments to which the
House disagreed. The important ones are those
involving money for fortifications, military roads,
%.nd the Florida volunteers. These are the main
amendments, and perhaps the opinion of each
Senatorupon those three questions would determ-
ine his course. On this statement the Senate
probably will be ready to give their vote at once
on the motion I make, which is to concur in the
action of the House on the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We had better have the
other amendments read.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to ask that the
vote be taken separately on receding from each
amendment? I wish the vote on the fortification
amendment to be taken separately.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question can be taken
separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware calls for a division.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 submitted the motion m re-
lation to all the amendments generally. I thought
the Senate would probably determine in that way
without debate.
