S10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the objectstobe secured in this matter. I choose
to-cali them friends, for there has been 110 breach
in our social intercourse, though with some there
may have been a tendency to it. Jf they can
satisfy me on any ground that the admission of
Kansas with the Lecompton constitution will give
peace, I shall go with them most cordially; but,
if its tendencies and consequences are not to give
feace, I am against it now, firmly, and forever,
want this question settled. I am not sure that
the proposition before the Senate and the country
will give peace; and indeed, so far as the informa-
tion I have derived extends, I am inclined to think
that it does not tend to give peace.
I think peace can be given on this question, and
no intelligent man can doubt it. Peace can be
given and insured; but passion, resentment, pride
of consistency, may, perhaps., prevent the adop-
tion of a course which wilt secure it.
I am much obliged to my colleague for allowing
this interpolation of my views. I think "he has
made the most powerful argument on principle,
that 1 have ever heard on the floor of the Senate
against the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution; but perhaps he can explain
it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am very
much obliged to my colleague for the courteous
and lucid manner in which he has some two or
three times defined his position; and t must con-
clude that there is nothing wanting on his part,
but it is obtuseness on the part of myself that I
cannot comprehend clearly and distinctly all his
positions.
Mr. BELL. I am sorry for it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is an un-
fortunate condition to be in. In the first place 1
understand my competitor 
Mr, BELL. I am no competitor of my col-
league.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I accept the
correction, and respect the motive which prompts
it. 1 understand him, first, to say he disregards
the instructions given in the first resolution in
reference to his former course on the Kansas
question.
Mi. BELL. I bog to corrcct my colleague
again. I pray that ho will do me justice. I said
that I begged to differ m opinion with the Legisla-
ture on that subject, m the most courteous lan-
guage that I was capable of using—not to disre-
gard them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Without being
egotistical or vain, I sometimes believe that 1 know
when I have an issue, and when I know that I
have one which will hold. Now, to save the mul-
tiplication of words, or any further explanation
on this subject, I will try to make myself under-
stood. The resolutions of the Legislature declare:
" Be it resolved ?>y the General of the State of
Tennessee, That we fully concui witli the Hon. John Bell
as to the duty of a Senator when the voice ofhn cun>titu-
eney ha« decided against linn on a question inutuiially
affccUng tlu-ir interest.
" Be it fiuther resolretK That, m our opinion, the voice
of Mr. Bell's couu'rymfut of Teiine^ee.ni the recent dec
tion-. has declared against hiscouiM* on tin: Kansi* Ne-
bra*k$ bill, a question of vital unpoitancc to the South."
Here are two resolutions about which there can
be no mistake; but the point of my honorable
colleague is, that in reference to tht^e two reso-
lutions there has not been sufficient time to ma-
ture public opinion. Let us look at this point in
a proper spirit, and see whether we cannot come
to a full understanding of the matter. In 1854,
the Legislature, m both branches, expressed an
opinion on the course he took at that time. He
seems to think they then did not understand the
question. Well, sir, in 1855, an election came off
in the State, which was canvassed from one ex-
treme to the other. This identical question was
discussed, and a majority of the people, by their
vote, decided against him.
Mr. BELL. May I ask my colleague to say
whether any resolution was passed by the Legis-
lature in relation to the subject, while the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was pending?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. One resolution
passed the Senate, giving instructions on the ques-
tion. Another resolution was passed by the House
of Representatives, for which a majouty of all
your own pauy voted, m lieu of Mr. Lamb's
resolution, approving of that part of the Kansas-
Nebraska act which repealed the Missouri com-
promise.
Mr. BELL. My own party voted for Lamb's
resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. They are a
portion of the people of Tennessee.
Mr. BELL. Undoubtedly; but I want to un-
derstand my colleague. Does he mean to say
that my friends in the Legislature voted for
Lamb's amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is under-
stood of course thatthe Democrats were allforit;
but we only wanted to make the moral power of
the thing still more forcible. A large majority of
both parties voted for it.
Mr. BELL. Will my colleague state what was
the result of all that?
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. Itresulted that
there was no joint resolution passed.
Mr. BELL. Very well.
Mr. JOH NSON, of Tennessee. But. a majority
of both bodies expressed their opinion emphat-
ically and unequivocally. This was the Legisla-
ture of 1854. Then, in 1856, in the presidential
election, the State was carried upon this identical
issue by a majority of seven thousand votes. One
of the electors, General Harris, who discussed
this identical Kansas-Nebraska question as an
elector for the State at large, succeeded by a ma-
jority of seven thousand fi^e hundred, and in
1857 he was elected Governor by ten thousand
majority. In 1856 the majority was seven thou-
sand five hundted, and in 1857 it was ten thou-
sand; but still the honorable gentleman cannot
understand that the views of the people of Ten-
nessee on this subject have been matured. T do
not wish to be unkind or personal, for if I know
myself I have the kindest feelings for my col-
league. The Legislature have merely recited his
own language, winch he used m the Senate Cham-
ber. He declared m the speech which they quote,
that if any respectable portion of the people of
Tennessee disagreed with him he would not be
seen in the Senate a day longer. That is the sub-
stance of what he said. In the name of common
sense, what process could be adopted to ascertain
the popuhu sentiment of Tennessee on this great
and impot taut question if it has not already been
ascertained ; The Legislature, in 1858, has passed
these resolutions. There have been four years
for deliberation and consideration, and at the end
of that time they come to the honorable Senator in
his own language. He considers it as gratuitous^
and as having originated with plotters. There
may be plotters there; 1 know not; 1 know it is
the voice of the people of Tennessee, and they
have spoken on this subject in language not to be
misunderstood; yet the honorable Senator says
to that portion of it he acknowledges no obliga-
tion of obedience.
But, then, in the colloquy that has taken place
here, ho gives us to understand that the last res-
olution, instructing him to vote for the admission
of Kansas into the Union, under the Lecompton
constitution, he will obey; but I wish to test
whether he feels the moral force'and power of in-
structions emanating from the people, through
their State Legislatuie. I think I understand him.
lie tells the Senate and the country, after repu-
diating the doctnnc of instruction, and refusing
to acknowledge o'.jedience to it, thatif left to him-
self he would vote against it; but as the same Le-
gislature instructed him on this point which in-
structed him on the other, he will obey. If an
honorable gentleman were disposed—I will not
insinuate it—to play a bold game for the Presi-
dency, I think he would want to play a bolder
game than that. " I am going to vute for Lecomp-
ton; but I give you to undeistand the reason why
I do it. It is because my Legislature has instruct-
ed me; I am against it; I am with you North; but
the Legislature is at the South. "
We find a very similar course to this on the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and what
is it? When the very gist of the bill, the point
that is agitating the whole country, was in 1854
incorporated into the Nebraska bill, thefe stands
his vote to retain it. " That will do in the South
for my Whig friends in the Legislature who are
for the amendment of Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky.
I voted to put in that; and when the bill came to
its passage 1 voted against it* Hence I can say
to the South, I stood for the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; I can say to the North, I resisted the
passage of that act which has been so mischiev-
ous in its consequences to the country !" That
looks a little like going North and a little like
going South. I allude to it in no disparaging
spirit—and only for the sake of illustrating my
idea—but it is a good deal like the language we
used to hear when I was a boy; and I suppose
most of us heard it:
" He wires in and wires out,
Leaving the people all in doubt
Whether the snake that made the track,
Is gomg North or coming back."
We can understand that. To one set of reso-
lutions passed by the Legislature, he acknowl-
edges no obedience; repudiates and denies the
right, the great doctrine of instruction;and in the
next place says, "I will vote to let Lecompton in;
yet I will tell the North I am against it"—in the
one instance disregarding instructions, in the next
instance acknowledging and obeying them. The
reason why this great doctrine of instruction is
to be disregarded is, that his own language has
been couched in the resolutions and presented to
him. Here T must disclaim, on the part of the
members of the Legislature who passed the reso-
lutions, any intention to insult the honorable Sen-
ator, or wound his feelings by using his own
declaration, which is strong language, that if his
course here should fail to meet the approbation of
the people of Tennessee, he would not be seen
here one day longer. I do not refer to this in the
spirit of boasting or demagogism. I know that
with some it is considered to be the great error of
my life that I stand forth the advocate of popular
sovereignty, and of the lodgment of power being
with the people. If I errin this, I shall err where
I have always been, and wish always to be. I
have become too old, I have gone too far in the ad-
vocacy of this great doctrine of free government,
and man being the source of power and capable
of governing himself, now to retrace my steps.
Whenever that great principle is attacked, if it
comes within iny sphere, or involves my duty in
the slightest degree, humble and poor as my
ability may be, the people shall have the benefit
of this great principle to the extent of my power.
We see, in this instance, and there may be
others, honorable Senators and members ofLegis-
latuies setting themselves up, and bidding defi-
ance to popular sentiment. Would to God the
voice of the people could be heard and felt more
than it is throughout the land. If it could, we
should he relieved from a great deal of improper,
improvident, and extravagant legislation; and a
large portion of it is fixed upon them in violation
of their will. I know there are many who are
brought up, raised in a sphere far removed from
the mass of the people—men who have no confi-
dence in the" great mass. I think I know their
prejudices; I think I know their points of honor;
I think I know the.leading principles that control
the great mass of the people; and they are far
higher, far more honorable, than those that actu-
ate the leaders and rulers. I do not say it out of
disparagement or disrespect; I speak of it as a
fact. It is the interest of the mass of the people
to do right in all governmental affairs; anft they are
more to be relied upon than those whose interest
it is to violate great principles. This being so,
i they can be trusted and relied upon. Hence, as
I far as I am concerned, I always feel anxious to
1 see popular sentiments, when fairly and fully ex-
pressed, obeyed and complied with.
But my honorable colleague, some how or other
—I was gomg to say in covering a retreat on this
subject, and apologizing or excusing his position
—lugs in the idea of slavery, arid makes the re-
mark (1 will not infer that he intends anything
by it) that he has a great and deep interest in
slaves, and intimates that he may be relied upon
j more than one who has not quite such a deep
i-interest in slaves. I can only speak for myself,
' Mr. President. I will not say that his insinua-
i tion or his allusion was to me. I have not got
many slaves; I have got a few; but I made them
by the industry of these hands.- Can the Senator
say as much ? What I own cost me more labor
and toil than some who own thousands, and got
them because they were the sons of moneyed
people. Upon the question of slavery, I should
like to compare notes to discover who is the
soundest in principle and in votes on this great
question? Who is it that has cooperated with
the North in the inroads and advances they have
made on this institution which is so vital to the
South ? Who is it that has been constantly
