ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
the welfare of our country, or whether they will j
be found in your councils again, and laboring in j
your ranks. Nevertheless, I am sure of this, !
namely, that you will not succeed in discrediting :
and punishing them; for, either you provoke upon |
yourselves the defeat which the signs of the times I
indicate, or in lieu you will come down to 1860 j
under the influence of sentiments and feelings very i
different from those of 1858. A party in power, j
in the first yearof an Administration, is bold and
violent. A party going out of power, at the close
of an Administration, is timid and hesitating. You
will search the summits of the mountains in New
Hampshire, the plains of Mexico, and the privi-
leged courts of St. James, in London, to find a
candidate in 1860 who was against the conference j
Lecompton-Kansas bill in 1858; and then, if these !
honorable associates with whom I have labored j
for a short time so pleasantly, shall be found re- >
maining in your communion, 1 think I can prom- j
ise them and you, you will come to a much better ,
understanding with them than you have now.
Mr. President, while 1 am speaking I learn that
this bill, of so much evil omen, has passed the
House of Representatives, and that the battle
there is ended. I confess to you, sir, that it pro-!
duces on my mind, if some disappointment, no dis- !
couragement. I confess that I was prepared for I
this conclusion, and that now when it has come ;
(for what remains, to bo done here is a matter of ,
course) it is tome utterly indifferent. This I have ,
known all the while; that this was to be our last;
defeat or our first victory. Either result would I
have been welcome. For Kansas, for freedom in
Kansas, I have not so much concern as I have ;
about the place where I shall sleep to-night, al- 'j
though my home is hard by the place where I ,
stand. Kansas, sir, is theCinderalla of the Amer- '■
ican family. She is buffeted; she is insulted; she j
is smitten and disgraced; she is turned out of the
dwelling, and thedoor islockedagamst her. There 1
is always, however, a fairy that takes care of the
younger daughter, if she be the most honest, the
mostvirtuous,the meekest,and the most enduring
inmate of the domestic circle.
Kansas will live and survive your persecution;
she will live to defend, protect, and sustain you;
and the time will come when hereldersisters, now
so arrogant, Louisiana, Virginia, and Pennsyl-
vania, will repent all the injustice they have done >
her. Her trials have not been imposed on her for ,
nought. She has been made to take the position,
the dangerous and hazardous position, of being
the first to vindicate practically by labor, by toil,
through desolation, through suffering and blood,
the principle that freedom is better for States and
for the Republic than slavery. She will endure
the trial nobly, and as she has been the first, so she
will be the last to contend and to suffer. Every
other Territory that shall come into the Union
hereafter, profiting by the sufferings and atone- ;
ment of Kansas, will come into the Union a free
State. Sir, this unnecessary strife draws to its !
end. The effort to make slave States within our
domain is against reason, and against nature. 1
The trees do not spring up from the roots and j
seeds scattered by the parent trunks in the forest '
more naturally than new free States spring up
from the roots projected and the seed scattered by
the old free States. New stars do not form them- :
selves out of the nebulae in the recesses of space
and come out to adorn the blue expanse above us,
more surely than new free States shape themselves
out of the ever developing elements of our benign
civilization, and rise to take their places in this
great political constellation. Reason, and hope
rejoice in this majestic and magnificent process.
Let, then, nature and reason anu hope have tiieir
heaven appointed way. R,esist them no longer.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I had desired
to discuss this report at some length, in order to !
meet some views that have been presented which
1 know are intended to prejudice the friends of
this measure in the northern States; but, as the
Senator from New York has announced, the other ;
branch of Congress having adopted this measure,
the struggle is over, and I discover great anxiety
on the part of my friends about me to take the
vote; and as I understand there is no disposition
to discuss the subjectfurther on the opposite side,
I shall forbear. I only wish to say that the report
of the committee of conference, now under con-
sideration, meets my hearty approbation. It is a
measure consistent with my judgment. I believe
that it is a measure wise for the people of Kansas
and for the entire country. I believe its tendency
will be to peace and quiet; and at this moment
throughout this broad land that wonderful agent,
the magnetic telegraph, is spreading, with the
speed of lightning, a message of peace all over the
land.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Biggs.]
Will the Senator suspend his remarks to allow a
message to be received from the House of Repre-
sentatives?
Mr. J. C. Allen, Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, appeared below the' bar and delivered
the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that the
House has concurred in the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the bill of the Senate, No. 161,
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union,
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow us to take the question. The
hour which was fixed for taking the vote has ar-
rived; and there is a sick gentleman here.
Mr. BIGLER. Itaffords me great pleasure to
do so. I said I would do so as soon as the mes-
sage was received.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken I
desire to say a word or two in relation to my own
course. It was my intention at an early part of
the session to say something upon the general
subject of Kansas affairs; but I am, as you all
know, not much of a speaker, having but little
capacity that way, and no taste for it. I often felt
disposed to take part in the debate; but when I
proposed to do so, I deferred to others; and some-
times when 1 felt like going on, I found that some
gentleman was discussing the question betterthan
1 could hope to do. I rise at this time only to
say that I disapprove of the proposition now be-
fore the Senate, much more than I did of the ori-
ginal attempt to force on the people of Kansas a
constitution which they were unwilling to take.
The original bill was a plain proposition, for
which men might have voted honestly, without
subjecting their motives to censure. This I look
upon as a very different affair. This, to my mind,
is a trick to impose upon weak men, or to enable
corrupt men to make the impression upon their
constituents at home that they have been acting
honestly. Still 1 should have said nothing on this
subject now, if my respected colleague had not
been m such hot haste to announce to the Sena-
tor from New York, while he was discussing the
proposition that the vote had been carried in the
other House against the wishes of the freemen of
Kansas. His act was so different from what I ex-
pected from an honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania that I was surprised at it. I have always
heretofore understood that no man m the whole
State of Pennsylvania was more positive and de-
cided in the expression of his belief before the
people that Kansas would not only be a free State,
but that she should not have a State constitution
at all unless it should be voted for by a majority
of her citizens. His whole course in life until he
came here was in favor of freemen and of the free
labor of the northern States. His own history
was such as naturally to make him an advocate
of freemen and free labor. Why he has changed
his course here is no business of mine; but it does
seem to me in bad taste that he should act as he
does, knowing, as ho certainly does, that not only
the whole Opposition party in Pennsylvania, but
a very large majority of the paity to which he be-
longs in that State are opposed to this measure,
and opposed to the conductof the Presideutof the
United States in regard to it; and I cannot permit
him to come here and make the impression that he
j believes the people of Pennsylvania are in favor
! of it; nor can I remain quiet, much as I dislike to
I talk in public, when the impression is attempted
J to be made that the people of Pennsylvania are
with him or with the President of the United States
| upon this subject. If the vote were to be taken
| to*morrow the people of Pennsylvania, by a ma-
j jority of a hundred thousand, would decide that
I the President of the United States had deceived
! them in regard to this matter, and would prove
| also that my colleague is misrepresenting his con-
j stitucnts on this great question.
I The people of Pennsylvania are conservative,
! and on all questions connected with slavery they
have always taken a moderate course; but, sir, I
tell you that if any man, who was in their confi-
dence in the year 1856, could have convinced them
that, by any possible means, a constitution could
be forced upon the people of Kansas, in opposi-
tion to their wishes, and without a vote of the
people, Mr. Buchanan could never have received
the electoral vote of Pennsylvania. He owes it to
the conduct of himself and the active influence of
his friends all over the State, asserting that by
nature Kansas must be free, and that no man
would dare, no matter what his position was, to
attempt to put upon her a constitution unless her
people had the free and full right to vote for or
againstit. The President himself thought so until
lately. Everybody knows that so late as the 7th
of July last, he wrote a letter to a distinguished
man in Kansas, telling him that the constitution
must be submitted to the people of the Territory
for their fair and free vote, or it would not be
adopted or sanctioned by the Government.
1 repeat that I do not desire to occupy the time
of the Senate now. I am desirous that the vote
shall be taken. A majority, by some means or
other, has decided against us in the other House:
the majority here, we know, is against us,and it
is idle to talk when a strong majority will vote
against us.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. I hope my friend will let us
have the vote. [" Yes, let us vote."]
Mr. BIGLER. Just one single word. ["Go
on."] I have no issue to make with my colleague;
I shall not pretend to reply to his remarks. He,
doubtless, heard me distinctly announce that I
would give way for the purpose of allowing the
vote to be taken. He, therefore, has seized the
opportunity of making what I may designate as
an attack, when I had deprived myself of an op-
portunity of replying. It matters not what my
history and my views may have been on this sub-
ject. That is of very small importance. To all
that I shall attend hereafter. I only wish at this
time to say to the Senate, and to the country, in
response to what my colleague has said, that I
believe, so far from the people of Pennsylvania
being against the measure now pending here, an
overwhelming majority of them would indorse it
to-day. I do not mean to say by that, that they
would prefer that Kansas should be a slave State.
That is not the issue involved; but the people of
Kansas having decided the question for them-
selves, the people of Pennsylvania are content to
let the State come into the Union. [" Question !"
" Question !"]
Mr. PUGH. I would suggest that the Senate
lay on the table the report of the committee, and
take up the message of the House. That will ob-
viate all dispute.
Mr. HUNTER. It is the same question. The
parliamentary question is on concurrence in the
reportof the committee. [" Question !" " Ques-
tion!"!
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The question is, will the Senate agree
to the report of the committee of conference ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to know, how-
ever, which is under consideration—the report
of our committee, or the bill returned from the
House ? There is a very large portion of the
Senate, though a minority, who conscientiously
believe that, under the law and under the rules,
we cannot vote on the report of the Senate com-
mittee until the papers are here. If, however,
you lay down this report, and take up the mes-
sage of the House, you run counter to no man's
judgment as to the regularity and lawfulness of
the proceeding. I trust that course will be pur-
sued.
Mr. HUNTER. I can agree to that. It is a
matter of indifference tome. It is all the same
either way; and, if gentlemen prefer the course
just suggested by the Senator from Illinois, very
well.
Mr. GREEN. There is but one question that
the Senate can vote upon; and that is, concur-
rence or non-concurrence in the report of the
committee of conference. Whether you choose
to consider that question after having received
the bill from the House, or before, is a matter
that I shall not take time now to inquire into.
That is of no importance; but the only question
is, shall we concur in the report or not?
Mr. PUGII. In order that there maybe no
