mm
THE1 CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 11,
motion ef the Senator from -Michigan that the
Senate recede from its remaining amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire whether
the House of Representatives has added any
amendments on whic^ the Senate has not passed.
If not, I have no objection to passing on our other
amendments in gross.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other House
has made an amendment to one amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The forty-first
amendment of the Senate was to add to the bill:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
for any commissioned officer of the Army to administer the
prescribed oath of enlistment to recruits, piovided theie ho
no civil magistrate authorized to administer the same within
reach.
The amendment of the House is to strike out
the words " within reach" and insert:
Where the services of a civil magistrate authorized to
administer the same cannot be obtained.
The Chair supposes this amendment not to be
included in the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, as the House has concurred in it, with an
amendment. The motion of the Senator from
Michigan is, that the Senate recede from its re-
maining amendments in which the House non-
concurred.
Mr. ALLEN". I hope the amendments will be
read, so that we may know what we are voting
on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the next amendment disagreed toby the
House.
The Secretary read the sixteenth amendment,
as follows:
To enable the Secretary of War to examine and report
upon suitable sites for an airnory and foundeiy in the West
and on the Pacific coast, $10,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
recede from the amendment?
Mr. ALLEN. I only desired to know what
the amendments were. I do not ask for a sepa-
rate vote on each.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendments which have been disagreed
to by the House.
The Secretary read:
Seventeenth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of War to compensate F. W.
Lander for somce* performed, and expenses nieunrd by
Jnm in making rceonnojs^anees foraiatlioad fiom Pu<jet
Sound via the South f\in>, tu the itfinm.-Mppi mvcj, in
1851-55, $4,750, o) so much thereof as the naid Spcrotaiy
mavcoiHiderieason.iblo and pioperm consuleiaiion ofsaid
services and expenses.
Eighteenth amendment:
For payment of volunteers operating in Florida during
the yeai 1857, $385,OO0.
Nineteenth amendment.;
For continuing the construction of the following works
of detente 
Mr. PUGH. It is not necessary to read that.
"We all understand it. It is the fortification amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 propose that we suspend the
further reading of the amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the further reading of the amendments
will be dispensed with, and the Chair will put
the question on the motion made by the Senator
from Michigan that the Senate recede from its
remaining amendments, which have been disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now put the question on the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi, that the Senate insist on its
amendments disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, disagree to the House amendment to
its forty-first amendment, and ask for a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to;and Messrs. Davis,
Collamer, and Sudell, were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate,
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk, announcing that the House insisted upon
its disagreement to certain amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R, No. 243) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th June, 1859, and upon its
amendment to the forty-first amendment of the
Senate to the said bill; agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
John A. Qjjiti^an, Mr. Martin J. Crawford,
and Mr. Benjamin Stanton, managers at the
same, on its part.
THE DROMEDARY.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to present to the Senate
a manuscript in regard to the dromedary. I will
state that my official connection as a Senator, and
as Secretary of War, with the introduction of cam-
els into this country, and the personal interest I
took in the subject, have kept me more or less in
correspondence in regard to it for some years. Our
consul general at Alexandria, Mr. De Leon, has
obtained very valuable additions to the knowledge,
which we have in relation to this animal hereto-
fore,from William Reckyan Bey. Itis veryinter-
estmg, and very instructive; and if we are to use
this animal in the service of the United States, it
must be very beneficial to the Government, both
in regard to the introduction and management of
the animal after it has been brought here. This
manuscript treats of its characteristics, itshistory,
its diseases, its use in war, and is an addition to
the information wc have heretofore received,
which, I think, will be very useful to the country
and quite essential to the military arm of our ser-
vice, if the further introduction of this animal is
to be continued. It has been sent to me in a com-
plimentary way, and I present it to the Senate, in
order that it may be printed for the public good,
if the Senate choose to print it. If, however, it
should be decided not to be of sufficient value to
justify its printing, I shall, of course, claim it
again as my private property, and make such dis-
position of it as I please. I move that it be print-
ed for the uso of the Senate, and that two thou-
sand extra copies be printed for the use of the War
Department; which motion, I suppose, will go to
the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
go, under the rules, to the Committee on Printing.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary Wal-
bach, widow of General J. B. Walbach, reported
a bill (S. No. 453) for the relief of Mary Wal-
bach, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General
John B. Walbach, of the United States Army,
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George li. Bacon, submitted a report, nccompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of George
B. Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
048) for the relief of Gottlieb Scheerer, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred three petitions of
citizens of the citynf Tampa, Florida, praying
that the military reservation and garrison grounds
at Fort Brooke, be granted to that city for the pur-
pose of establishing a seminary of learning, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee dfi Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was recom-
mitted the bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of Ran-
dall Pegg, reported it with an amendment, and
submitted a report on the subject; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Sam-
uel Stone and Isaac H. Marks, praying compen-
sation for property taken by an Indian agent,
under an agreement of arbitration, for Govern-
ment purposes, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Marshall O. Roberts and others, trus-
tees of A. G. Sloo, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 455) for the relief of the
trustees of A. G. Sloo. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordeied to be printed.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the legal representatives of William Bond
and William Douglas, officers in the war of the
Revolution, praying to be allowed interest on the
half pay paid under the act of June 30, 3834,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
POST OFFICE REGULATIONS.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the following
resolution,yesterday submitted by him, was taken
up and passed:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to in-
form the Senate by what authority the books referred to in
his answer to the Senate's resolution of the 27th ultimo,
"relative to the list of post offices,regulations,"&c., '•'pie-
pared and published on private account," and not recog-
nized by the Depaitment as official, have been purchased
by the Post Office Department, and distributed to its agents
and postmasters, the amount paid for such publications, and
out of what fund ; also, that he communicate to the Senate
a printed copy of " the lat-t official edition" of the regula-
tions of the Department, together with a copy of such offi-
cial regulations as have since been adopted and furnished
by means of printed circulars, and which are now In use
for the guide and government of postmasters in the dis-
charge of their duties.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had rejected the bill of the Senate (No.
203) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Charles Porterfield, deceased.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills of the Senate:
An act (No. 130) for the relief of Jennett H.
McCall, only child of Captain James McCall, of
the revolutionary war; and
An act (No. 277) for the relief of Albert G.
Allen.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 340) providing an increase
of pension to Peter Van Buskirk, of Washington
city, District of Columbia; and
An act (H. R. No. 650) granting an invalid
| pension to William Randolph.
! ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
: The message further announced that the Speaker
I had signed the follo'wing enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
An act for the relief of settlers on certain lands
in the Stale of Illinois;
An act for the relief of John Sawyer, a soldier
of the war of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of certain purchasers of
lands within the limits of the Choctaw cession of
1830;
An act for the relief of Jennett H. McCall, only
child of Captain James McCall, of the revolution-
ary war; and
An act for the relief of Albert G. Allen.
MAJOR GENERAL TOWSON.
Mr. BELL. The Committee on Naval Affairs
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.No.
26) for the benefit of the nearest male heir of the
late Major General Towson of the United States
Army, deceased, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and to ask that the
Senate will now consider it. Justice has been
long delayed, and the committee are unanimous
in the recommendation of this resolution, which
proposes to give a mark of distinction for gallant
services in the last war with England for a par-
ticular act; such mark of distinction as has been
given to others who had no greater share of honor
and distinction than General Towson; but, by
some accident or other, he has been omitted.
By unanimous consent the resolution was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
"request to the President to cause a sword to be
prepared with suitable emblems and devices, and
presented to Nathan Towson Caldwell, grandson
of the late Major General Nathan Towson, of the
United States Army, for his gallant conduct in
the capture of the British brig Caledonia on the
Niagara river, near Fort Erie.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the question of priv-
ilege which was setfor to-day at twelve o'clock.
