,818
THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
February 23,
of Congress and the political arena, and committed
to the arbitrament of those who are immediately
interested in, and alone responsible for, its exist-
ence. Second, the applying this principle to the
Territories and the new States to be formed there-
from. All questions pertaining toslavery were to be
referred to the people residing therein."
The same sentiment, that the people were to
decide the question of slavery for themselves, that
it was to be determined according to their wishes,
is repeated, over and over again, in the same mas-
terly speech, and in other speeches on the same
side, by men who " were in the country at the
time,'' and active participants in "the contro-
versy and discussion" growing out of the meas-
ure; and some of whom could truthfully say,
quorum magna parsfui. Secretary Stanton, in his
inaugural address "to the people of the Territory
of Kansas," while conceding the fairness and full-
ness of the expression of the will of the people,
tlr rough the delegates to the constitutional conven-
tion, expresses the conviction, and advises—
" That, in order to avoid all pretext for resistance to the
peaceful operation of this law, the convention itself will, m
some form, provide for submitting the great, disturbing ques-
tion regarding their social institutions, which has so long
agitated the people of Kansas, to a fair vote of all the act-
ual, bona fide residents of the Territory, with every possible
security against fraud and violence.5'
In accordance with these declarations of the
intent of the measure and the advice and sugges-
tion of the Secretary, " the question of differ-
ence," the " great disturbing question regarding
their social institutions," has been submitted to
a fair vote of the people, and been decided by
them. But now, forsooth, the constitution is
void and unrepubhean, because, as a ivhole, it has
not been submitted to the people. It appears per-
fectly plain to my mind, that a people can select
agents or representatives, and invest them with
authority to make a fundamental law which will
be obligatory upon them. The constitution, in
my opinion, is perfectly valid, and is an authori-
tative and conclusive expression of the will of
the people of Kansas, without such submission.
The convention had plenary power over the mat-
ter. It had been invested with it by the people
of Kansas. In the act summoning the conven-
tion, no restrictions were imposed, no limitations
required. The convention had the perfect right
—being the highest embodiment of the will und
political power of the people—to submit the con-
stitution or not, in whole or in part. It rested
"^exclusively in its discretion; and in exercise of
that discretion it submitted the vexed, agitated,
and paramount question of difference to a pop-
ular vote. It exhibits sublime impudence m the
advocates of the Topeka constitution to be ob-
jecting to the Lecompton constitution for want
of submission, when, a little more than a year
ago, they essayed to force that thing, called a con-
stitution, through Congress, which was adopted
by an illegal mob, without authority of the Gen-
eral Government; "without the assent of the
Territorial Legislature; without a vote of the peo-
ple authorizing the convention;" and accompa-
nied by a memorial, which was not the same
document when presented to Congress, that it
was when it came from the hands of that motley
and rebellious assemblage of fanatics convened
atTopeka. Besides, by participating m the elec-
tions held under the Lecompton constitution, as
was done on the 4th of January, the Topekaites j
have abandoned their opposition to it, " recog- j
nized its existence in the most solemn and authen- |
tic manner," practically and truthfully declared
that their past conduct was indefensible and re-
bellious, and morally bound themselves to obedi-
ence and allegiance. The distinguished Senator
from Illinois, and many northern Democrats, are
estopped from objecting, because they insisted
upon the power and right and duty of a Terri-
torial Legislature even, to introduce or exclude
slavery. On the 3d of June, 1850, Mr. Douglas
declared, in the Senate, his opposition to an y pro-
vision in the bill organizing a territorial govern-
ment in California which prohibited the people of
that proposed Territory from legislating m respect
to African slavery. He announced his belief that
this was one of the rights conceded to the Terri-
tories the moment they have governments and
Legislatures established for them. Here is a high
sovereign power—the right to establish or abolish
slavery; to determine what shall and what shall
not be property; to mold domestic institutions; to ||
fix social polity—which inheres in a Territorial
Legislature, and can be exercised without sub-
mission to the people, and in contravention of the
popular will. But a convention, the highest sov-
ereign authority, the impersonation of delegated
power, is hampered in its action, and compelled
to submit its ordinances—" the organic institutes
of sovereignty," as Mr. Dallas calls them—to a
popular vote. I was aware that Noah Webster
and kindred Federalists held to the doctrine that
a legislative body was a standing convention, in-
vested with the whole power of their constituents;
but it has been reserved for the discussion of this
Kansas question to develop the fact that there
are persons of distinction and ability, claiming,
too, to be State-rights Democrats, who, to accom-
plish a purpose, would sink and degrade a con-
vention below the dignity of a Legislature of
squatters.
To give plausibility to the singular course pur-
sued by some gentlemen, and to relieve the case
of all its complications and embarrassments, the
action of the Territorial Legislature convened by
Stanton, and the vote on the 4th of January, as
ordered by that Legislature, are relied upon. This
interposes no real obstacle to those who do not
entertain erroneous views in reference to a con-
vention. A convention, possessing the attributes
of political sovereignty, can do all that the' peo-
ple en masse can do. Regularly clothed by them
with authority and power, it represents the whole
people; its acts become their acts, and bind their
obedience. In the case of Kansas, the question
of" convention," or " no convention," was sub-
mitted to a popular vote, and a convention was
authorized. Being assembled, it becomes the su-
preme authority, and between it and the Legis-
lature there is a difference, not merely in name and
form, but in function and power. The one enacts
laws with the assent of the executive; the other
ordains constitutions, which impojt something
beyond and above ordinary legislative power. A
convention inaTerritorymust necessarily, so far
as its power to make a constitution is conceded,
be as independent, as powerful, as unimpeded, as
a convention m a State; and this results, ex neces-
sitate rei, from the nature of the duties to be per-
formed, and from the equality which must exist
between the new and the old States of the Con-
federacy. No other power can make a constitu-
tion or ordain a fundamental and organic law. A
Legislature cannot do it; Congress cannot; nor
authorize it by any immediate or subordinate
agency. The action of the convention is the dec-
laration of sovereign will, the authoritative " pro-
nunciation of sovereign pleasure." The Territory
becomes a State through and by virtue of its con-
stitution, which must be the action of the sover-
eignty. As Secretary Stanton says—
" It is true that. a Temtoiy cannot become a State of the
Union without the assent oi Congress. But this d^ciotion
on the pait of Tongues does not imply the power to dictate
institutions to the people ot the Temtoty, <>i in any w.i> to
restrain or lunit or foiee their sovereignty in the exercise
of its high function of framing its own State government."
The convention in Kansas elected to submit the
slavery clause of the constitution to the people on
the 21st of December. This it had the perfect
right to do. That was its way and manner, and
its action is final; and it is absurd that an ordi-
nary Legislature can interfere with the proceed-
ings of its superior, alter its action, change the
mode of submission, fix a different day for a vote,
or make a new constituency. An act of the Le-
gislature could not repeal the constitution, or a
single article or word of it—could not affect its
validity, or change the distribution of power, or au-
thorize a new submission. Its action in requiring
a vote on the constitution is nugatory—no more
obligatory than the resolution of a party meeting;
and the vote, therefore, wjiich was given on the 4th
of January, is nothing more than the voluntas,
unauthorized act of a promiscuous congregation
of men. Nor does it present any logical difficulty
in the determination of this question that the result
of the vote on the 4th of January, as ordered by
the Legislature, was different from the result m
December, and that a larger number voted on the
latter day than on the former. One is regular,
legitimate, authoritative; the other is factious, an-
archical, Do wish. It is a universally recognized
law of our elections, indispensable to order and
right, that those who remain away from the polls,
even though a majority of the legal voters, con-
sent to be bound by the action of those who do
vote. That some, that a majority, voluntarily
and " with malice aforethought," absented them-
selves from the polls, does not invalidate the
election, or militate against the authority of the
convention or the obligatoriness of the constitu-
tion. The votes given, if legal and proper, are
just as controlling, just as constitutionally con-
clusive of the will of the people, as if all had
participated and voted in the election. To hold
otherwise would be to produce discord and con-
fusion, to unsettle existing things, to encourage
Dornsm, and allow a mob to become the ruling
power under our free institutions.
If the right of a Legislature, Territorial or State,
subsequent and in antagonism to a convention,
be admitted to submit a constitution, in whole or
in part, on the same or a different day, changing
or reversing what had been ordained by the con-
vention, it follows inevitably that a Legislature
may, from any sudden whim or caprice, submit
an objectionable clause of a constitution to a pop-
ular vote, and make that vote the determining
power. Forms of amendment, tedious and dila-
tory,adopted by those who deprecated sudden and
facile changes in the organic law, or the slow pro-
cess of a convention, will be dispensed with as too
cumbersome for this progressive age. All pre-
scribed forms would soon become intolerable re-
straints upon popular impatience and zeal, and
" the will of a numerical majority"—the physical
force of numbers, would take the place of consti-
tution and laws, and become the " sole and absolute
power." Sir, those al% dangerous tendencies, ele-
vating the individual above the sovereign, lowering
the constitution-making power, and removing re-
straints, without which freedom is but a name
and democracy a despotism. Intoxicated with
this new possession of power, the legislation
would be overawed, as in France, by a frenzied
multitude, and representatives would be but vas-
sals in a reign of misrule and terror.
A plan has been proposed to free us from the
disagreeableness of admitting Kansas as a slave
State, which some of its friends facetiously term
a compromise; (I hate the word, Mr. Chairman, it
has been so often used for the betrayal of the
South;) which is, for Congress to order a submis-
sion of the constitution to a vote of the people,
to ascertain the will of the majority. While this
is a violation of the organic act, it is also a prop-
osition for direct intervention in the affairs of
Kansas, and to coerce a submission to congres-
sional dictation. In the teeth of the constitution,
the Kansas bill, and every principle of justice and
State equality, a compulsory requisition is to be
made. It is the old, exploded doctrine of con-
gressional supremacy; a revival of the unlimited
power to control the Territories; because, if Con-
gress can change the action of the convention, can
prescribe a different mode of submission, interfere
in her internal affairs, reverse what the convention
has done, it can abolish or establish slavery, or
do anything else that the most latitudinous con-
structionist can claim. Congress is concluded by
what has been done in Kansas. The constitution
being republican, and framed by the people,in
their own way," under the forms of law, there is
no option. At all events, the action of the con-
vention cannot be referred back, by Congress, to
the people for ratification. The supposed neces-
sity and indispensableness of submission is a fal-
lacy—an off-shoot of Red Republicanism, worse
than Black Republicanism, proposed to be in-
grafted on the vigorous stem of American repub-
licanism. If the will of the people can only be
ascertained by a directappeal to them, then every
clause in the constitution must be wrested from its
context and submitted to a separate vote. The
Constitution of the United States is the full, just,
and perfect voice of the people, the highest ex-
pression of popular will m this country; and it
hay never been submitted either to the aggregate
vote of the whole people, (if such a solecism be
allowed, for there is really no such people as the
people of the whole United States,) or to the sepa-
rate vote of tke people of each State; and who will
pretend that it is not as republican, as paramount
and supreme a law, as authontativean exposition
of the popular sentiment, as any of the modern
constitutions ? I utterlydeny that the majority has
the inherent and unalienable power of governing,
without limitation and without restraint. I deny
11 that there are no other means of ascertaining the
n will of the people in relation to a constitution than
