1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 30,
• Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADRAIN'. I have a word to say.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the House will give
m& its unanimous consent to proceed.
. Several Members. Object!
Mr. ADRA.IN. I was going to say that- the
gentleman from New York. 
' [Loud cries of " Order!,J]
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to address the House
for five minutes; and I hope I will have its con-
sent to do so.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
Clerk will proceed to call the roll.
Mr. CLEMENS. I presume it is in order fer
the gentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Clemens] is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tke negative—yeas 85, nays 130; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham
Blair, Bhss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burroughs
Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Horace F. Clark, dawson, Clark
B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Curtis, Dam-
rell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durfee, Bdie, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Gxlman, Good),
Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Has-
kin, Hickman, Hoard, Hqwatd, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Leach, Leitor, Lovejoy, McKibbin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Motgan, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Mor-
ris, Freeman H. Morse^ Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Olin,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Bicaud, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Etoyce, Aaron Shaw,Robert Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Wade,Walbn'dge, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Wasliburne,
Israel Washburn, and Wilson—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ad ram, Abl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdsde, Billinghurat, Bishop, Boeock, Bonham, Bowie,
Boycej Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chapman,Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cling-
man, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Corning, Cox, James
Craig, Burton Oraige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, D>uves, Dewarr, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Ellrott, English, Eu-.tis, Florence, Foley,
Garnett, Gartrell, Guldings, GiNiSj Gilmer, Goode, Gieen-
woo'd, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert JJ.
Half, J. Morrison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins. Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hughes, Huyler. Jackson, Jenkins, Joweit, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob
M. Kunkel, I.amar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher,
Mac<fh\\ McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Miles,
Millerj Millson, Mooie. Molt, Niblack, Nichols, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Powell, Quitman, Read}',
Reagan, Reillv, Ruffm. Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stall worth, Stephens, Steven-
goo, Talbot, Trippe, Undeiwood, Ward, Watkins,White,
Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortondyke, Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcofier—130.
So the motion for a call of the House was dis-
agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. POTTER said thai he hoped that it would
be the last time that he would be called on to vote
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. GROW. 1 rise to a privileged question, but
will not make it if the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raskin] can bo heard. Let him be heard,
and I believe we can settle this question to-day.
Mr. HASKIN. I wish to be heard.
Mr. KEITT. I hope that the House will give
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haskin*] an
opportunity to be heard for five or ten minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not agree to that. If
gentlemen want to filibuster, let them do it.
Mr. GROW. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
Mr. EDIE. And X move that when the House
adjourns, it adjou.rn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have a word to say to the
House. When I rose a minute ago, it was not
my intention to ask of the House the courtesy to
make a speech. 1 should liked to have done so
this morning, explanatory of the reasons which
operated in inducing me to-give the vote I shall
give on this conference repoi t.
Mr. HUGHES. I am constrained to objcct.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have risen only to ask of the
House that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haskin] be allowed an opportunity to say what
lie wishes to say—he will not occupy more than
five minutes. Then I am willing that the ques-
tion shall be taken.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will make a
proposition which I think is a fair one—that it be
the understanding of all sides that the vote shall
be taken to-day at three o'clock.
Mr. CLING'MAN. Only one gentleman from
New York desires to be heard, and lie only wishes
to speak forfive minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to my colleague be-
ing limited in time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I trust that this
Bide of the House will allow my colleague to be
heard. We will get at the vote more readily.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust so, too.
Mr. HASKIN. I shall confine my remarks to
the pending question, and in reply to the remarks
made this morning by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox.]
A Member. How much time are you going to
occupy i
Mr. HASKIN. Five or ten minutes.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the main
question will not be ordered until everybody who
desires to be heard shall be heard.
Mr. BURNETT. If there can be any under-
standing by which we shall come to a vote on
this question in five.,, ten, or twenty minutes, then
I will withdraw my'objeetion. I wasanxious to
speak on this subject, as were others, perhaps.
But if the gentlemen on the other side want us to
give way for the purpose of prolonging this dis-
cussion, and fillibuster generally, I say let them
take the responsibility, and let the facts go to the
country. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to any limitation on
my colleague. While the gentleman talks of re-
sponsibility thrown upon this side of the House,
let him be reminded of what that side has been
doing from week's end to week's end. I insist that
my colleague shall be allowed to occupy the floor
as other members have. I ask and take no con-
cessions from the other side.
Mr. HASKIN. If I had been allowed to go
on with my remarks, I would not have consumed
the time that this colloquy has consumed. When
I reached here this morning, I did not intend to
speak on this question, thinking that my colleague,
[Mr. Clark,] as he had the floor yesterday, would
proceed with his remarks this morning 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there any understanding
011 this question—that the vote shall be taken at
a fixed hour?
,Mr. BURNETT. Is the call for the previous
question withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. It is still pending. The
Chair will see how the matter stands. Does the
gentleman from Ohio withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was indebted to the kind-
ness of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boniiam,] and also the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Shorter,] for an opportunity to address
the House, with the understanding that when I
finished my remarks I should renew the CdH for
the previous question.
I refused to take any other terms than those
which they had had. I now understand that both
of these gentlemen consent that I shall withdraw
the previous question.
Mr. BONHAM. For the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. CAMPBELL. For the gentleman from
New York, with the understanding that he renews
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HASKIN. I will renew it, but I will not
vote for it, because I am not in favor of stifling
discussion upon this important question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In the hope that all sides
of the House will come to a vote, and meet their
responsibility 
Mr. BONHAM. Ami to understand that this
is to be the end of the debate ?
Mr. HASKIN. Oh, no.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope, now that the pre-
vious question is withdrawn, that the gentleman
from New York will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. HASKIN. I was about remarking that
I had not intended to address the House on the
pending question, inasmuch as when the House
adjourned yesterday my colleague [Mr. Clark]
had obtained the floor, and I had supposed that
he would have been well enough on this occasion
to have given to the country and to the House
those views which the anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats, still remaining true to their original prop-
osition, entertain. But the illness of my colleague
has prevented this, and has compelled me to make
these remarks; and especially has the debate this
morning between the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Camfbell,] on the Republican side of the House,
and the member from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] on the
Democratic side of the House, rendered it ne-
cessary that I should say something in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] A letter
was read here, purporting to have come from the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] denouncing the
Lecompton constitution. The impression might
rest upon the members of this House, and upon
the country, that that gentleman was, at a certain
time, opposed not only to the Lecompton consti-
tution as it was asked to be voted on in the Sen-
ate bill, but to the Lecompton constitution as it
was referred to in the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment. I desire to state to the House, and
to the country, that on Monday last, late in the
afternoon, that gentleman came to this desk and
read a letter addressed, I believe, to the Ohio
Statesman, denouncing the report of the commit-
tee of conference as the most infamous which had
been or could be made upon the subject, and de-
nouncing the chairman of the committee of con-
ference for having made such a report.
Mr. COX. That is not true.
Mr. HASKIN. I will prove it by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.]
Mr. COX. i can furnish the letter, and show
it is not so.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is this in order, Mr.
Speaker?
The SPEAKER. It is out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
York is notin order in assailing the motives of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HASKIN. I am proving the fact, so that
the country may judge when it w#b that the gen-
tleman from Ohio obtained his new lights.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 insist that it is not per-
tinent to the question before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order. I
understand we are now in the House in debate,
and under the rules of the House debate must be
relevant, and pertinent to the issue before the
House.
Mr. FLORENCE. And further than that 
[Calls of " Order! "]
Mr. HASKIN. The remarks I have been
making are only in reply to the remarks addressed
to the House to-day by the gentleman from Ohio,
in explanation of his remarks yesterday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until the gentleman from Alabama states his point
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have stated substantially
my "oint of order—that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York are irrelevant, and do not
relate to or touch the question before the House,
and as such I insist that they are not in order.
At this juncture Mr. Cox approached the seat
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haskin.]
The SPEAKER, (amid much confusion, ex-
citement, and calls to order.) The gentleman
from Ohio will please resume his seat.
Mr. COX, (resuming his seat.) I hope, Mr.
Speaker, I shall have an opportunity to answer
the gentleman.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to say, further, that
on Tuesday night following, I met the gentleman
from Ohio, when he said to me, distinctly, that he
and his colleague [Mr. Lawrence] were against
the proposirion of the committee of conference.
[Interruption and great confusion in the Hall.]
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from New York has no right to
proceed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must perceive that his remarks are assum-
ing a personal character, and that they are not
admissible under the rules of the H-ouse. The
gentleman can proceed, and give any reasons for
or against the passage of the bill, of the amend-
ment, or of the report of the committee of confer-
ence: but he cannot indulge in personalities.
Mr. HASKIN. I am not impugning motives,
but am simply giving facts and circumstances in
regard to the change of views of anti-Lecompton
Democrats .
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that the gentleman from New York shall
be required to take his seat, as being out of order.
Mr. HASKIN. Weil, I will ret'iam from any
further continuance of these remarks. What
I have stated thus far is true, and I will now
