2MB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
eve of the convention, they attempted to put in a
prohibition to prevent this very election; and the
records.will show that, between the day of the
first convention and the adjourned session, they
themselves expressed the fact that they knew Sen-
ators were to be ejected.
We have, therefore, in the absence of all law or
regulation or form prescribed, a due legal meet-
ing o.f all the qualified electors, or a majority of
them, convened after notice to all. What fol-
lows? Once duly organized for that purpose,as
Lord Mansfield said,nobody had authority to stop
them. They become a body of themselves. It is
an electoral college assembled. Certainly it can-
not be dissolved by the mere faction of individ-
uals. I think some members here believed in the
Iowa case—that inasmuch as the Senate of Iowa
had by a formal, separate vote, dissolved the joint
assembly, it could not continue longer; but there
■was nothing of that sort done here. There were
the mere faction and disorder of individuals. The
electors were assembled. They had the rif^ht to
adjourn from day to day, or from time to time; it
was their right, their common-law right, until
they had transacted all their business, all the busi-
ness that any joint convention could transact un-
der the constitution and laws of that State; and
thus being assembled on notice to all, Mr. Bright
and Mr. Fitch received, not merely a majority of
the votes of those present, not merely a majority
of a quorum, but an actual majority of all the
members of both branches of the Legislature.
That is the substance of an election. That is the
equity of the case; that is'its justice and its hon-
esty between man and man. Every court, and
the Senate, when it sits as a court, will require,
before the substantial justice and truth of the mat-
ter can be overthrown, that it shall be shown
wherein a Iawi( was violated. I have shown that
here there was no law to be violated. I am sup-
ported in the principle I have just stated by the
language of one of the books—Angell and Ames
on Corporations, section one hundred and thirty-
eight:
"If no particular form is prescribed for thp election of
officers, and the election has been conducted m good faith,
it will not be set aside."
I have detained the Senate longer than I ex-
pected, and I leave the case with those of my
colleagues on the Judiciary Committee who con-
curred with me in opinion. For myself individ-
ually, Mr. President, when the case of the Sena-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was before the
Senate; when those who had belonged to my own
political faith had been guilty of what I believed
to bean act of disorganization, I expressed my
opinion boldly and distinctly, as the recorded de-
bates will show; and if I did not spare my own
household, why should I spare the Opposition?-
No man can read this testimony without being
satisfied that after the qualified electors of the
State of Indiana, in due form, had chosen mem-
bers of the Legislature, with a view to the election
of United States Senators of a given political per-
suasion, a majority of one branch of the Legisla-
ture—and a meager minority of the whole—at-
tempted to betray their own trust, and to violate
the rights of all the rest, as well as of the people
of the State. If, with two such cases occurring
here within so short a period, we are not admon-
ished to go back to the good old rule that, what
ought to be done shall be considered as done, but
hold out a premium to anarchy, what is to be the
result:' Is this course of things to go on from
year to year? When the last Legislature mot,
the State of Indiana had been with but a single
Senator in this body for some time; she was about
to be wholly misrepresented. I say the evidence
shows that there was a deliberate conspiracy be-
fore the Legislature convened to prevent an elec-
tion. For the Senate of the United States to allow
it to be successful over the head of the truth, the
the justice, and the equity of the case, is to permit
mere faction, without even the excuse of violated
form, to prevail over justice and over right. I
am persuaded the Senate will make no such de-
termination.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, that I have
been surprised, that the whole country has been
astonished at the report that has been made from
the Judiciary Committee in this case, I need hardly
say. Why it has been made it is not my purpose
now to inquire; why it has been presented in this
manner is the point for which I have risen. I i
say, sir, that I have been astonished, and the
country will be astonished, at the report which
has beeVi made by the Judiciary Committee, and
I should like very well indeed to know why, when
the previous policy of the country is to be sub-
verted and changed, we have not a written and
deliberate opinion drawn out by the committee,
showing us the grounds and the law upon which
it is to be done ?
Mr. PUGH. I will say to the Senator that
there has been no such written report ever made
from the committee, since 1 have been a member
of it, in any contested case. There was not in
the Iowa case or in the Illinois case.
Mr. HAMLIN. lean only say that it has been
usual with the Judiciary Committee to submit
written reports. There may have .been excep-
tions; but this is the first time, I think, in the his-
tory of the Government, where you have attempted
to establish the policy that a minority of a co-
ordinate branch of a Legislature is to control its
proceedings. The Senator from Ohio has been
very glib in the language he uses in talking about
" recusants." Now, sir, who are the recusants
in this matter? A minority of the Senate of In-
diana, who ran away from their duty—a minority
who undertook to control a majority of the Sen-
ate. A minority of the Senate of Indiana under-
took to collude with a majority of the House of
Representatives of that State, and to deprive that
branch of the government, which, by the consti-
tution of the State, was entitled to a negative in
all matters of legislation, and in all business, of
what was their constitutional right. Is not that
so? Was there ever a question submitted to the
Senate of Indiana by the House of Representa-
tives of that State, as to the time or the manner
when this election should take place? Was there
any time or manner agreed to by the Senate ? In
other words, did the Senate ever have secured to
it its right as a coordinate branch of the Legisla-
ture, to determine the manner in which this elec-
tion should take place, whether by negatives,
whether by concurrent votes, or by a joint reso-
lution? Certainly there is*no evidence of an elec-
tion at all except that a minority of the Senate, a
numbeK less than a majority, and much less than
a quorum, for it takes two thirds of that body to
make a quorum, undertook to leave their seats,
and to go in with a majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and attempt to elect Senators to this
body. Under such a state of things, with a ma-
jority of that Senate here, under their own hands,
protesting against it, I ask that we may have a
report from our committee setting forth the law
and the ground upon which their opinion is
founded. I move, therefore,.to amend the reso-
lution by striking out all after the word "re-
solved," and inserting:
That the case of Jesse D. Hrigiit and Graham N. Fitch
be leeonimitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
m(-tiucuons to leport specially the grounds on which the
resolution is baaed declaring said Bright and Fitch
elected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I shall not
speak directly to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine, because it does not appear
to me that it is possible he can seriously entertain
the notion that the Senate is going to leave this
election still undccided. His proposition aston-
ishes me the more, because, from the origin of this
■dispute, the majority of the Senate of the United
States has been continually taunted by gentlemen
of the Opposition with a desire to postpone the
matter, to keep the Senators here whose seats
were contested, to defer a decision of the ease in
order to leave them in the enjoyment of an office
i to which they were not entitled. We have heard
i that again and again, although it has been repeat-
edly demonstrated by the Judiciary Committee,
that any delay which has hitherto arisen has
arisen from the fault of those who represent the
contestants, who have pertinaciously persisted in
an endeavor to prevent us from taking the evidence
in the cause, and who succeeded in their opposi-
tion until about sixty days ago, when the Senate
finally determined that evidence should be taken,
and allowed a term of sixty days for it.
Mr. HALE. Ninety.1
Mr. BENJAMIN'. It may have been ninety;
but whatever the term was, it is not important to
the argument. I say, when the matter has been
thus constantly before the Senate, with the taunts
of gentlemen in the Opposition made against the
Judiciary Committee that they were unwilling to
bring this case to trial, although they themselves
had been the cause of the delay, now, when for
the first time in a number of years, it has been
ascertained that Congress is about, at the long
session, to adjourn some months earlier than
usual, and the gentlemen whose seats are con tested
have finished taking their evidence, and the con-
testants have taken their evidence, and it is pro-
posed now to settle the matter, on the last day
but one of the session, a proposition is offered
by the minority to recommit the matter to the
Committee on the Judiciary, in order that the
case may still remain undecided. This is most
extraordinary. 1 state the facts, and leave them
to the judgment of the Senate, and to the coun-
try. I make no comment on them. I shall not
speak to the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know by whom
the proposition has been made to recommit; but
if it be recommitted we can hardly consider it at
this session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I take it for granted that
can by no possibility be the judgment of the Sen-
ate. I doubt whether the proposition can be se-
rious; but I am sure the majority of the Senate
cannot be brought to leave this matter undecided.
If the question shall be referred again to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I, for one,' shall desire to
wash my hands of it, and I promise never to make
another report on it. I have had enough to do
with it'already.
When this question was first referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, on an examination
of the papers then before us, I came to the con-
clusion that the contest was well founded; I con-
sidered that the Senators had been irregularly and
illegally elected, and, on the papers then before
me, I should have so voted. I made no secret of
my opinion. The evidence which has been gath-
ered by the sitting members, the evidence which
is now before us in the report of the Committee
on the Judiciary, has changed my opinion; and
without entering at length into the case, which
has been so fully and thoroughly discussed by the
Senator from Ohio, I desire to state the grounds
upon which I assented to the resolution offered
by the majority of the committee.
Mr. President, taking up the subject chronolo-
gically, the first question that would present itself
to the mind of every Senator is this: was the first
joint convention of the Indiana Legislature, held
at that session at which these gentlemen were
elected Senators, a legal, a constitutional conven-
tion ? Upon that there seems to^ne to be no room
for a doubt. The constitution of the State re-
quired that convention to be held; it left it not to
the option of either branch. It did not require the
vote of either branch to hold the convention. It
provided in terms that both Houses should be
there in joint convention on the day on which the
convention was held. Here is its language:
"The returns of every election for Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor shall be sealed up and transmitted to the
seat of government, directed to the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, who shall open and publish them in the
presence of both Houses of the General Assembly."
And by another clause of the constitution, the
official term commenced on the second Monday
of January, in the year 1853, " and on the same
day every fourth year thereafter." The same
day on the fourth year thereafter in this case was
the second Monday of January, 1857. By the
constitution of the State of Indiana, the votes for
Governor and Lieutenant Governor were on that
day to be counted by the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, in the presence of both Houses
of the Legislature. What is the official journal
then of the meeting of both Houses? The jour-
nal of the House of Representatives, not the jour-
nal of the Senate. The journal of the House is
the official journal of the convention. What does
it say? After the invitation had been given:
"Resolved further, That the Senate be informed of the
same, and that the House is now ready to proceed to said
business.
" Which was agreed to.
'• The Senate, then, m pursuance of the invitation of the
House, communicated through the Speaker, camc into the
hall of the House, preceded by the President of the Senate."
That is the record. The constitution required
ajoint convention, the House in whose hall the
joint convention was to be held, preserving the
record of the proceedings, and that record stating
that the Senate appeared in the hall of the House
