1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
by submitting to a direct popular vote. The dis-
tinguishing principle and excellence of our Ameri-
can system of government, as contradistinguished
from other systems, is what Webster called " the
marvelous fclicity of its representative system."
The regular action of the people is not per capita,
or by the aggregated mass, but through represent-
atives. So jealous are the people of a dominant
majority that they have tied their own hands, con-
trolled their action,and limited their power. While
the people are the source of all political power,
yet that power must be manifested by authority
of law, through prescribed forms, in obedience to
previous direction. Elections are to be held at
particular times and places; suffrage is controlled
and limited; and the persons to be elected agents
or representatives must possess certain qualifica-
tions and requisites. Tne whole history of our
Government shows that the greatest wisdom and
caution and prudence were to be exercised in al-
tering the constitutions, and ample securities were
provided against the rashness and uncertainty of
bare majorities.
To illustrate the difference between a regular
convention and the action of the people en masse,
in their primary capacity, outside of constituted
authority, Ictus suppose a bare majoiity of the
people to meet in the aggregate and adopt a con-
stitution: would that be the organic law of the
body-politic—of the entire community as a unit?
No; it would be a government forced by one half
of the community upon the other half, less the
difference in numbers; and is but little, if any,
more authoritative and obligatory than if it had
been adopted by the lesser half and imposed upon
the greater. (Government, on such principles,
would be a mere resort to physical force. On the
other hand, a convention, like that in Kansas, is
called in obedience to laws, both territorial and
Federal, to which every man in the community,
fxcept rebels, has given his assent, and the con-
stitution is the resultant of the wills of many local
organizations.
If the convention had the right to form and
ordain a constitution, as I have proved, then the
action of the Territorial Legislature was irregular,
inoperative, and void, and Congress has no right
to prescribe a different mode of adopting the con-
stitution, or send it back to find out the opinion
of a majority of the voters of the State. This
. would be concentrating alarming power in Con-
gress, giving it ample authority over the constitu-
tions of the States, and allowing it to make decis-
ions as to the extent of the elective franchise; for,
if it. can look behind a republican constitution, reg-
uloiiy framed and presented, to find out whether
a majority voted for it, it can decide who shall
constitute that majority and who should vote in
the election. The States, inchoate and complete,
will become mere provincial dependencies upon a
cential satrap, and this Confederacy be converted
into a national dictator. This is the creed of Fed-
eralism, of the New England school of politics,
making individuals and States subservient to the
General Government; finding freedom and power
and development through artificial organizations
and in unreserved obedience to them; accustom-
ing men and States to look to Government for
strength and direction; drawing aliment and stim-
ulation from it, and therefore confiding to it the
care of their consciences and expecting a resort
to all its means to enforce their convictions and
remedy their supposed ills. There is no surer way
of converting Congress into a huge instrument of
centralization and despotism than by enlarging its
powers and inculcating the doctrine of looking to
Government for support and subsistence and guid-
ance.
Mr. Chairman, if the history of our country
were read by the light of the Constitution alone,
these constant slavery agitations and discussions
in Congress, the hot and eager haste rnamfusted
to introduce non-slaveholding States into the
Union, and the embarrassments and delays and
obstacles thrown in the way of the admission of
slaveholding States, would be absolutely incom-
prehensible. To dedicate California to hireling
labor, to swell the political preponderance of the
North, the most gigantic and unparalleled fraud
and robbery are unblushingly committed, and
the Constitution and the rights of the South are
ruthlessly trampled under foot. To destroy for-
ever the equilibrium in the Senate, and deprive
us of that necessary protection and safeguard,
new States are carved out of the Territories, and
acquisitions of land, contiguous to the South, and
adapted to slave labor, are persistently opposed
and prevented. And now, when Kansas, under
a solemn stipulation, and in spite of the mischiev-
ous opposition of her Governors, forms her do-
mestic institutions in her own way, to defeat her
admission, there are to be found prominent men,
who violate their antecedents, disown and disin-
herit their own offspring, break up cherished po-
litical associations, form unholy alliances, and sit
" cheek by jowl "and become as loving as Damon
and Pythias with those, for whom, but a few
moons since, the English language was found in-
adequate to furnish sufficient invectives and re-
proaches. The statesman and philosopher and
patriot may well pause to inquire into the cause
of this singular spectacle. Other causes may
be assigned; timid but well-meaning men may
search after pretexts in the apparent irregularities
in Kansas; but to the mind of the South, to the
public conviction of that people, there is but one
satisfactory solution of the problem, and that is
the recognition of slavery in the constitution,
the difference of social relations, the implacable
and inveterate hostility of her enemies. I do not
refer, in this classification of opponents, to those
who denounce slavery as the sum of all villainies
and abominations, and, following out their de-
praved instincts and sentiments, would pursue a
phantom of speculative liberty and equality, and
reconstruct government, not in submission to the
word of God, but in defiance of His decrees and
prophecies and providence, and in contemptuous
disregard of those first and everlasting principles
which are necessary to preseive freedom from
licentiousness, and self-government from anarchy;
but I allude to that class, not given over to judi-
cial blindness and atheism, who profess a lever-
ence for God, who worketh all things after the
counsel of His own will, and a love for the Con-
stitution, with all its grants, guarantees, and pro-
hibitions. And what has been done to merit or
justify this exclusion from common territory, and
this denial of constitutional equality? In the past,
whenever penis have environed us, and a com-
mon foe invaded our land, interrupted our com-
merce, or injured our citizens, the South has been
lavish of her money and her treasure. In the
tented field, m the councils of the Republic, at
home and abroad, everywhere, her sons have re-
flected luster on the American name, and furnished
materials for immortal history. Infringing the
rights of no section, sharing none of the bounties
of the Government, bearing, through Federal
legislation, an undue proportion of its burdens,
she has never asked anything but severe consti-
tutional justice, and she onlyasks that now. To-
day, although in a minority, she is recognized
and admitted, by all right-thinking men, as the
conservative portion of the Union, and the only
effectual breakwater against social, moral, and
political innovations. Are false interpretations
of the Scriptures, and corruptions of religion, as
manifested m Millerism, Mormonism, and spirit-
rappings, prevalent in the northern States? and
do laws, higher than the Bible and the Constitu-
tion, regulate conscience and prostitute morals?
At the South, a pure Christianity, as developed in
its fruits, and simple as the teachings of its Divine
Author, is more generally recognized and prac-
ticed. Do socialism and agrarianism and Fanny-
Wrightism find foothold at the North and threaten
destruction of private property and endanger
vested rights ? At the South, every man is secure
from mobocratic misrule and plunder. Are there
northern laborers who, grinding under the op-
pression of power, eke out a miserable existence,
or, suffering from the terrible pecuniary crisis
upon us, gaze at the gorgeous palaces and splen-
did equipages and costly apparel around them,
and with hungry mouths cry out, with startling
and terrific emphasis, "Bread or blood!" The
southern laborers, m contentment and plenty, are
scarcely aware of any financial pressure, because
labor and capital are there harmonized, and there
is no conflict between them.
Mr. Chairman, I tire of these contrasts, and I
assert that the present issue is one of fearful im-
port to the South. The rejection of Kansas, with
the Leeompton constitution, speaks the dissolu-
tion of, or scctionalizes, the Democratic party,
which is the strongest ligament that binds this
Union together. It will be the unmistakable an-
nunciation that no more slave States are to be
admitted into this Union; that the South is to be
degraded and reduced to inferiority; that there is
to be no extension of her limits, no enlargement
of her boundaries; that slavery shall be restricted
within constantly narrowing confines; that for
her, within this Union, there is to be no future
but bleak, gloomy, hopeless despair. And why
is this hostility r.o be evinced on every occasion?
And what will the North gain by abolitionizing
Kansas, by preventing the expansion of slave in-
stitutions, by paralyzing slave labor? Is northern
prosperity to be favorably affected or enhanced by
it.5 Q,uite the reverse. Her industry and well-
being depend in an eminent degree on southern
productions, which, beside the domestic consump-
tion, constitute three fifths of our whole exports.
A writer in the Democratic Review for 1850 esti-
mates the annual earnings of the North from the
South at$250,000,000. Strike the products of her
labor from the trade of the Union,and what would
fill the streams of commerce, give employment to
northern artisans, furnish freight for vessels, pro-
pel the wheels of machinery, and fill the coffers of
the Treasury? No wonder the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] declared it to be the
settled conviction of the North that no foot of this
broad domain should pass out of their possession.
To use his own characteristic language, " the profit
of the thing" will not justify them in giving up the
South.
Hut is it not " passing strange," when there is
such dependence of the North on the South, when
our great staples arc the alimentofcommerce, when
our pccuhar civilization is the conservative element
of the Republic, that such persistent efforts should
be made to limit our growth and productions, to
destroy our property, and annihilate our people ?
When the prospective results of emancipation in
St. Domingo wereexhibited in the French Assem-
bly, Moreaude St. Mery exclaimed: " Perish the
colonies, rather than that one principle be sacri-
ficed;" and Robespierre fiendishly chimed in,
" Perish the colonies rather than let them, by their
menaces,compel us to do what is most loudly called
for by their interests." With a like spirit, in total
disregard of human suffering, John Q-uincy Ad-
ams, with all the fervor of hate and fanaticism, ou
the floor of the House, in 1844, gave utterance to
the sentiment: " Let theabolition of slavery come;
by whatever means-—by blood or otherwise—let it
ome." If it did come, commerce would languish,
factories would stop, banks would suspend, credit
\#u!d expire, and universal woe wouldbrood over
this land. The fearful panic now upon us has
impaired confidence, produced ruin and distress,
bankrupted individuals and corporations, dimin-
ished trade, and inflicted losses from which twenty
years will not recover us; ana yet these conse-
quences are trivial and insignificant compared with
the sudden destruction of t\vo thousand millions
of property, the uprooting of social institutions,
and the perishing of a nation. The sirocco's blast,
the tornado's sweep, the earthquake's heavings,
the ravages of the pestilence, faintly foreshadow
the appalling desolation which would ensue upon
such a catastrophe.
* Mr. Chairman, we are unfortunately not left to
conjecture as to what would be the lamentable re-
sults of abolition in the South. In 1791, slavery
was abolished by France in St. Domingo. It was
hailed with bonfires and illuminations, and the
amis de noirs were jubilant with ecstacy on ac-
count of their triumph. But mark the raptd and
disastrous change! " From being," says Alison,
" the greatest sugar plantation in the world, the
island has been reduced to the necessity of im-
porting that valuable produce." The blacks,
profligate, idle, disorderly, vicious, have declined
in number and happiness; the flourishing aspect
of the island has disappeared; its agricultural
wealth has ceased; and the inhabitants have re-
lapsed into the indolence and inactivity of savage
life. From the same author, I derive the follow-
ing* table, showing the ruinous effects of eman-
cipation on the population and trade of St. Do-
mingo:
37K9. 1832
Population  600,000 280,0 .>0
Sugar exported, (pounds)..........670,000,000 ^one.
Coffee expoi ted, do  86,789,000 32,01-0
Ships employed.,  3.080 1
Kvpous to France 6,720,000 None
Import-from France   9,800,000 None.
And thic is the country, part of which Massa-
