2930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
to be elected who had not been sworn into office; all those
classed as Demociats came forward and were sworn by me;
the Republicans did not. The Senators who had eaiied
Mr. Burk to preside over them"—
they divided the Senate into two parties, and
each had its president and secretary—
" elected, on motion, a Secretary—J. R. Cravens—(a
Senator holding over) He called the names of the Re-
publican and Know Nothing Senators who held over, and
they responded to their names. The Republican Senators
claiming seats who had not been sworn m were then called,
and, by Judge Gookms, under the order of said Burk, took
the oatti. From the time the Senate opened until the final
motion for adjournment, the Republican Senators refused
to recognize rue as the presiding officer- Every motion
made by them was to Burk; ascene of confusion existed for
about three or four houife, until finally a motion to adjourn
prevailed. Oa the Senate's reassembling, Burk abandoned
his position, and the Seriate came to order."
In the mean time the convention had been held,
and the charge now is that that convention was
irregular by reason of these very proceedings.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. The convention was not held in the
mean time. The confusion was on the first day
of the meeting, the 8th of January. The first so-
called convention was on January 12, and the
election on February 4.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I may be mistaken in that.
On the Senate reassembling, Burk abandoned
his position, and the State Senate came to order.
The testimony of Governor Willard proceeds:
ei As to who was present, r cannot say; there was alaige
crowd in the Hull, many inside the bui ; sill efforts to main-
tain order among them wore inctfecr.ua!; James H. Lane,
of Kansas, was among tfrose inside the bar; so was O. P.
Morton, and many of the piomment Republicans of tno
State; after iheRepublican Senators weie sworn m, under
the order of Burk, ihey elected J- Harney their Secre-
tary; m the afternoon, when Burk had abandoned his
place, the said Harney, after the Senator* had been ail
sworn in, either by me oi my order, was elected Secretary
of the Senate j Stanley Cooper was sworn by me, in obe-
dience to the resolution of the Senate."
Now, let us take the evidence of the other wit- I
nesses in relation to the presence of Lane. The j
next witness who speaks on this subject, is Mr. !
Murray. He says: j
" General Lane was, 1 believe, in the Senate Chamber, i
in the space, to the light of the President, for visiter. I do !
not know that he wan armed ; the only conversation t had
with him was during our discussion of tile power of the
President to organize the Senate, and, on my coming to him«
tie stated to me that I was right in uiy position."
This witness was one of the disorganizes. Mr.
Slater, who wasaSenatorfrom Deaiboi n county,
after referring to the election of the Republican
Senator who was put alongside of the Lieutenant
Governor, say a:
Pending tins disorganizing movement, the lobbies of
the Senate Chamber and the avenues leading to the seats of
the Senators, were tilled by a non,y, disorderly crowd of
persons, who seem to have been selected tin th.it occasion,
encouraged and led on by James II. Lane, ot Kansas."
The next witness, Mr. Drew, also a Senator in
the Indiana Legislature, and present at the time,
says:
"While these disordeily and illegal proceedings were
being had within the bar ot the Senate, the doors and lob-
hies of the Senate Chamber, and the avenues leading to the
seals of Senators, were rilled by a boi&teious aimed mob,
who pcemed to have come thoie for the pnipose of over-
awing the Lieutenant Governor and Democratic members
of the Senate, and to be acting undei the diiecuon oi the
aforesaid James. 11. Lane."
In stating the circumstances of Curk taking a
scat by the side of the Lieutenant Governor, lie
says :
>k Lewi? Burk took a seat by the side of the said Lieu-
tenant Governor, m aehair placed there for that pui pose by
James H. Lane, of ICarna*-, who appeared to eseoit Buik to
the seat afoiesaid. While LieutenantGoveinoi Wiilaid was
calhncor t 'lectmjra call of the roll, said Burk was attempt-
ing to u#uip hi* (Wii/aid*-) nuthoi ity, hv making, or causing
to he made, a like call tuiough John it Cra/eus, anothei Re-
publican Senator, who wa  pretending to officiate as clerk,
appointed as s>ueh in the tame illegal manner a-* Rmk;
although the regular cleik was at his post in the discharge
of his duties.
The proceedings, thus inaugurated, all pointing
to an effort to deprive the State of Indiana of a
proper representation on this floor, were con-
tinued to their final consummation in the protest
now before us. They were not satisfied with
violence; they resorted to fraud; they resorted to
fraud in their public records, and their own wit-
nesses prove it. We have before us the record of
the Senate, Not one syllable of these proceedings
that their own witnesses testify to, is recorded in
the Senate's minuter; and finally, when, for the
purpose of bringing this matter before us, they are
driven to make a protest and declaration of facts,
they file a protest, and call upon the Lieutenant
Governor of t^e State to certify to the verity of
the protest, and here is his certificate:
Senate Chamber, Indianapolis, Indiana,
February 5, 1857.
I, Abram A. Hammond. Lieutenant Governor oftbe State
of Indiana, and ex officio President of the Senate, do hereby
certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the
protest, as appears of record on the jourrfal of the Senate of
the State of Indiana for the 5th day of February, A. I>.
1857; and I would furthermore state, that, in signing this
certificate, I do not wish to be understood as certifying to
any of the facts contained in said protest.
ABRAM A. HAMMOND.
Here is a body of Senators who proceed to their
purposes with such unblushing fraud, that the
Lieutenant Governor of the State, who is bound
by his official position to sign the certificate of
their proceedings, is compelled to enter a reserva-
tion on his certificate that he protests he does not
certify to the truth of the facts they allege. Now,
Mr. President, when we have two records before
us—one the record of the House in whose hall
the joint meeting was held, which, under the con-
stitution was the proper body to receive the Sen-
ate for the purpose of holding the joint meeting;
and when that record, upon its face, discloses a fair,
just, and regular election; and when the good faith,
the verity, the regularity, the legality of that con-
vention is contested upon the ground that the rec-
ord of the Senate is contrary to the record of the
House; and when we find that the record of the
Senate has been deliberately falsified, upon what
grourid shall we be asked to take the record of the
Senate as a true statement of the proceedings, and
to put aside the official record of the only body that
had a right to keep minutes of the proceedings
which resulted m this election ? And for what pur-
pose? To carry outthe objects of the very men who
were first guilty of this violence and these frauds,
and then come here and ask us to listen to them;
the very men who ouginate the difficulties, and
then base their rights upon the difficulties them-
selves originate. Can we listen to allegations like
these, from such a source? When the whole State
of Indiana has acknowledged the validity, the
regularity, and the legality of the original con-
vention which inducted into office the Governor
and Lieutenant Governor of the State; when all
admit them to be the Governor and Lieutenant
Governor, including these contestants themselves,
shall we say that that convention was irregular
and illegal, and on evidence such-as this nofr be-
fore us ? Shall we assist these men in their object
of defeating the ascertained will of a majority of
the people of the State, and a majority of the elect-
ors who had the right to elect United States Sen-
ators ? ■
The Senator from Ohio has well said that, in
all cases of contested elections, the first point to
which the judge's attention is directed is this: has
this man been elected by 9 ma jority of all the legal
electors? If he has been, then, unless there is
some special provision of law, some statute, some
rule, from whose binding force he cannot escape,
which declares that election null and void for want
of form, the election is good. Nov/, there is no
law m the State of Indiana on the subject of this
election. By some mistake, by some oversight
of their lawgiveis, they repealed the only law
under winch, previously, the rules of proceeding
had been prescribed. The Legislature, therefore,
were driven to the exercise of this inherent right
in the way they best might. They gave notice of
the holdingofHhia election; they called the bodies
together; they notified them to be present; but a
portion of one of the bodies chose to be absent,
and chose to be absent under cirffimstances which
I have just developed. Shall we assist them in
their object? For what purpose? For the pur-
pose of depriving a State of the Union of repre-
! sentation here. The State of Indiana has sent us
| no contest of 'the right of her Senators on this
; floor. No one of her public bodies, either ex-
j ecutive, legislative, or judicial, has asked us to
| inquire into the fact of their election. Certain
j men in the State have asked us to investigate it,
j and wo ought to investigate it when complaint is
made by men who themselves come here with
clean hands and pure lips; but when they come
here, after having themselves been guilty of the
very violence and the very fraud which produced
the irregularities of which they complain, I, for
one, say that I know of no rule of justice, of no
provision of law, that comoels us to jrive ear to
their complaints; and, for one, I am not willing
to do it.
It is for these reasons, on account of the facts
developed in the testimony taken by the gentlemen
who now hold their seats in the Senate, and which
have changed the whole aspect of the case, that
I cheerfully give my vote in favor of the resolu-
tion offered by the majority of the committee.
Mr, COLLAMER. Mr. President, although
it has become my duty, as a member of the Ju-
diciary Committee, to follow the gentlemen who
have preceded me, who have occupied, I believe,
about two hours and a half, I hope I may not be
regarded as having neglected to answer those gen-
tlemen because I may not reply to each and every
position which they may have taken. Some of
the positions taken by the gentlemen may, in my
humble estimation, not be worthy of a reply, how-
ever much of importance they may have attached
to them; and such as I think are of that character
I shall pass by without attempting to notice,
though I may, perhaps, attend even to some of
these; because others may not regard them in the
light I do, especially as the honorable gentlemen
who made the arguments have attached import-
ance to them.
In the fust place, Mr. President, it is insisted
that there is lying at the foundation of the case
before us a great question like this: by whom
must the election of United States Senators be
made ? It is insisted by the honorable Senator
from Ohio that the election is to be made by the
members of the State Legislature as electors. The
Constitution of the United States provides that
the election of Senators to Congress shall be made
by the Legislatures of the several Slates; and that
the time and manner and place of the election shall
be piescnbed by the Legislature. I think these
two requisitions are of equal importance, and both
necessary to be observed to make a legal election.
The Senator must be elected by the Legislature,
and he must be elected in pursuance of a law pre-
scribed by the Legislature. If not, it is an irreg-
ular and illegal election.
The Senator from Ohio has read extracts from
a number of State constitutions, formed before
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States, to show how they regulated the manner
of electing delegates to the Congress of the Con-
federation. To my mind that has really nothing
in the world to do with the case. It is no guide
of light; neither does it furnish any aid whatever.
The Constitution of the United States completely
changed the form of our Government, superseded
the Articles of Confederation, and made an en-
tirely new system. The construction of the Con'
stitution, in relation to the formation of the Sen-
ate for which it provides, cannot be aided by a
reference to the provisions of the State constitu-
tions for electing delegates to the Congress of the
Confederation. You might as well say that, as
the State Legislatures then had and exercised
the right to recall their delegates to Congress, it
followed that inasmuch as the State Legislatures
elect Senators under the Constitution, they have
a right to recall them. Mnscquitw. There are no
analogies between them at all.
If it be true that the election must be made by
the members of the State Legislatures merely as
electors, if that be the constitutional principle,
then any system existing in a State, by the laws
of a State so arranged that a minority of the mem-
bers of the Legislature can defeat an election, is an
unconstitutional provision, defeats and nullifies,
and destroys that constitutional principle. That
principle is the great one on which this whole
argument is attempted to be founded. It is not
simply assumed, but it is made the basis, the sub-
stratum, the corner-stone of the whole argument,
that the members of the State Legislatures are
simply electors of United States Senators, and
that the other provision of the Constitution which
relates to the time, manner, and place of the elec-
tion, is only a means of regulating the arrange-
ment of the business so as to effect this great pur-
pose first declared. It follows, then, as a matter
of course, if it be true, that they are electors all
alike, each with the same power, that any provis-
ions which would allow a minority to defeat an
election must be unconstitutional. Now, sir, a
large part of the States, especially of the older
States, the old thirteen, have exactly that state of
things and always have had. In the State of
Connecticut the Senate and the House vote sep-
