1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
Stephen A. Douglas a traitor! Compare him to
a Burr, or on Arnold ! Read him out of the Dem-
ocratic party because he stands by the Knnsns-
Nebraska act, and refuses to sanction your Le-
compton swindle! Away with such folly—away
with it! Why, you might as well undertake to
make the people believe that General Jackson
was an enemy to his country; that Paul was not
of the Apostles, as that he has abandoned his po-
litical faith. And let me say that that faith has
known, and now knows, no sectionalism;and that
it will be a long time before the South will have
a better friend in Congress from the North than
he has shown himself to he. Not that he lias
done any more than his duty, but he has had the
moral courage and manliness to do that, when the
most fearful storms of fanaticism were beating
about him, and pouring the full volume of their
fury upon his head. Regardless of this, you for-
get the past, and propose to blot out his lecord;
to obliterate from memory his devotion to the
Constitution and the Union, and to cast him off
because he will not sanction, fraud, and consent
that a minority in Kansas shall rule ! And who,
pray, are these new northern allies you now so
cordially embrace? Some of the more prominent
of them are men who, in the darkest hour of your
need, forsook you—men who opposed the com-
promise measures of 1850, voted against tlx) fugi-
tive slave law, and are scarcely out of their abo-
lition swaddling clothes. Like all new converts,
these gentlemen are now loud in their devotion to
your " peculiar institution;" and for fear you will
suspect their fidelity, in imitation of Peter when
he denied his Savior, they have '' to curse and
to swear." The Illinois Senator, however, main-
tains a calm, conservative position, conscious of
the rectitude of his intentions and the justice of
Ins cause; and looking only to the right, relies
upon that, and that alone, to sustain him. When
this excitement shall pass away, and the " sober
second thought" do its office, when peace shall
again settle upon the country, the people will say
" Well done, good and faithlul servant; you have
been faithful over a few things, and we will make
you ruler over many." Though political aspir-
ants who thread iheirway through the dark laby-
rinths of intrigue, and only hope to rise on the
ruin of others, and not their own merit, desire it
otherwise, it will never be said of him—
A falcon, tow'nng in her pride of place.
Wad by a mousing owl hawk'd at. and kiird."
But, Mr. Chairman, it is not only proposed, by
some gentlemen here, who set themselves up as
judges in Israel, to read out of the Democratic party
all who refuse to support the Lecompton swin-
dle—and they arc nearly the entire people of the
North—but to dissolve the Union if Kansas is
notadmifted under it. If the declarations of gen-
tlemen are to be. accredited, the Union has been
dissolved at least twenty times a day during the
present Congress; and yet, when we look out
upon it, it seems still moored to its firm founda-
tions, its grand proportions rising up before the
world, challenging its admiration, and its strong
aim of piotection still stretched over us. This
talk, sir, about its dissolution, has lost its terror.
It has not power longer to frighten old women or
boys. You cannot dissolve this Union on a mere
abstraction. It is anchored in the hopes andhearts
of millions of freemen, and they will take care of
it. If you turn your backs upon it and leave this
Hall, they will send other men here in your place.
He who shall raise his parricidal hand to sever
the ligaments which bind it together, will be hung
higher than Haman before he can strike the fatal
blow. Talk about dissolving the Union I Why,
it is worth more to you, Mr.Chairman, and to your
southern friends, and your posterity, than all the
negroes you ever owned; and you know it better
than 1 do. Break it up to-day, and you would have
an internal enemy m your own borders that would
be all you could manage — an enemy which it
would be our pride and duty to help you suppress
in case of an insurrection. It is worth more to the
South than to the North, but is a priceless gem to
us all. Away, then, with this useless talk about
its dissolution! It falls as harmless as the gust
upon the mountain. To tell us tjiat you will
bieak up the Union, if we refuse to assist in cov-
ering up and sanctifying the most barefaced and
shameless frauds and outrages; to tell us that you
will destroy it because we object to dragging into
it, in violation of the popular wills a State whose
pretended constitution is repudiated by an over-
whelming majority of its citizens, is to insult our
judgment, and muse us to smile at yourfolly. If
we differ upon the Kansas, or any other question,
let us reason together as men; as members of the j
same great republican household, living under a ,
common Constitution, and having a common des- j
tiny; and settle it as patriots, and not keep efer- j
nally talking about dissolving the Union. This j
Hall is not the place where threats should bernadp, j
reason dethroned, and the furious passions of the ,
human heart turned loose. We have a high and '
holy mission intrusted to us; and if we fail todis- j
charge it, we left an honest constituency at home |
who will discharge us. i
While, Mt. Gluurinan, the utmost caution and !
prudence should be observed, and the proprieties
of debate strictly adhered to, the occasion demands .
that the words of buhiness and truth should be ;
spoken. I do not stand heie as the Ilepresenta- ,
tive of an enlightened and independent people to ■
approach the subject of Kansas with a fearful and .
trembling step. They would despise me if I did. i
The Constitution provides that" Congress may .
admit new States into the Union;" not the Pros- j
ident, not his Cabinet, but Congress; yet the !
strange anomaly is presented, for the first time in 1
the history of our Government, of the executive .
department using its influence, its patronage, and |
its power, to force the legislative department into ;
submission to its will. Cabinet meeting afterCab-
met meeting is held to effect the object. Cabinet
oilieeis write letters to public assemblies on the '
subject; and not satisfn d with this, some of them |
come into this Ilali during the houis of our ses- !'
sioti to subdue free and independent thought here, ;
and this conduct is aftei wards imitated by Sena-
tors and Public Printers, who appear among us at \
a moment when an important vote is being taken, ,
to induce members to violate their oaths, and vote ,
contrary to their duly, to their conscience, their
country, and their God. Sir, for one, I repel such I
unwarrantable interference; and this llouse owes j
it to its own dignity and charactcr to do it. I j
honorand respect these gentlemen m then-places;
but when they attempt to usurp mine, I will resist i
them. i
Almost the first political lesson I ever learned j
from the writings of Mr. Madison, and the wise j,
and good men who were cotemporaneous with !
him, was that the legislative, executive, and ju- '
dicial branches of the Governmentshould be kept
as separate and distinct from each other as the
natuie of the case will admit, or as is consistent
with that chain of connection which binds the
whole fabric of the Constitution together m the
bond of amitv. Never was there wiser or sounder
political doctrine taught. It is the business of
Congiess to pass laws, and of the President to see 1
they are " faithfully executed." The executive .
department must not be allowed to virtually unite i
with the power of executing the power of passing |
laws. The moment it has that power over Con- j
gress, that moment the purse and the sword are ;
united, and the legislative department sinks into j
disgrace, inefficiency, and abasement. That the ;
most strenuous efforts are being made to force
Kansas into the Union at this session by the Ad- ■
ministration is notto be disguised. Not the least 1
toleration is extended to those who dilFer from its '
policy on thatquestion. Southern gentlemen may
differ with the President on almost every recom- i
mendation in his message. They may dilFer from ,
him on the neutrality question, on the Pacific rail- .
road, on the bankrupt law, on his Aimy policy,
on everything, every great measure, but Kansas, j
and it is all right. They seem to have a dispens-
ation, authorizing a difference of opinion; but if
any one dares to think for himself, in opposition
to the Lecompton constitution, that difference is
regarded as radical and vital, and he must be pro-
scribed for it. Let others do as they may, I will j
. never bow the knee to power to bask in the sun- ,
j shine of its favor, at the sacrifice of principle; and ,
1 if proscription must come of it, let it come. I ;
repeat it, let it come. j
! Sir, the Presidenthas had bad advisers. Helms,
! been made to believe that it was necessary to lay
j Kansas upon the altar as a bleeding sacrifice !o
, appease the wrath of the Sourh. No man has told
! hnn the truth. The southern extremist whispers
i in his ear, " courage, all is well;" and the north-
] ern sycophant, who follows in the wake of trouble,
' as the shark the vessel, to lash it to pieces if not
satisfied, tells him the North will submit. These
creatures, who have slpughed oiT from the moral
face of society, are now congregating in this city
to seize upon the" loaves and fishes,"pretending
to be the President's best friends, when, in real-
ity, they are his worst enemies; for power never
had a worse enemy than the miserable courtie.r
who pours the words of flattery and delusion in
its ear. Sir, the President has no better friends
than those Democrats who differ with him on the
Kansas question; but it is their duty to speak to
him the truth. If they loved the smiles of power
better than their country, they would nestle under
the shadow of the throne. He is wrong; and the
sooner he finds it out the better. Let his Kansas
policy be adopted, and his Administration will
be in a hopeless minority ju the next Congress.
The northern Democracy have gone as far as they
can go and live, because they have gone as far as
is rig/if. I doubt whether there is a single north-
ern Democrat on this floor who is sustaining the
Lecompton outiage, that does not feel he isstep-
ping into his political grave, and that a fearful ret-
ribution awaits him at home. Certain it is, that
not one of them has yet opened his mouth upon
the subject, except the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hughes,] whomour southern friends placed
at the outermost sentmel-post to be shot down.
Relieve the question to-day of the pressure of the
Administration, which has marked upon it the
imprint of its power and its favors as plainly as
the sun is marked upon the heavens in a cloud-
less day, and I have no idea that three Demo-
crats from the North could be found willing to ad-
mit Kansas under the circumstances. If the South
has lashed itself into a rage, there is a cool, un-
yielding determination in the North not to sub-
mit to the wrong. We seek no controversy with
the South; but it does seem they have suffered
themselves to be swept away by delusion and
folly, and are acting on the principle that "whom
the gods intend to destroy, they first make mad."
How far will they have us to go ? Is there ho
stopping-place to their demands? The history of
the past ought to convincc them that the Democ-
racy of the North, which constitutes the conserv-
ative element of the Government, and upon whose
sense of justice they can alone rely for the protec-
tion of their rights, cannot yield to their demand
now without utter ruin to themselves. Admit
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, and
you get a serpent, instead of a fish, that will hiss
its long, forked tongue at you, and coil itself about,
your interests; while the northern Democracy
would be met with the declaration that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill was designed as a swindle from
the first; that it was never intended to be kept in
good faith; that the people of Kansas were for a
free State, but the moral traitor, Calhoun, and
his confederates, backed up by a Democratic Ad-
ministration, had crushed out their hopes, or, if
successful in making it a free State, they were not
indebted to the Democracy for it. They would
tell us more; they would tell us we did all in our
power to crush out the popular will; that we had
violated all our promises; that we had sacrificed
to the demands of slavery the great principle of
self-government, and that we could not be trusted.
Sir, we cannot give our consent to the measure;
and we ought not to do so; nor should the South
demand it of us. It is unreasonable and unfair.
The Democracy of the North were overthrown
after the passage of the Kansasbill; but that meas-
ure being eminently just and wise, they rallied
again; and now, just as they have fairly gotten
upon their feet, you propose to force them into
the support of a measure that both their conscience
and sense of duty condemn. But you tell us that
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution does not violate the principles of its
organic act. Deceive not yourselves in supposing
you are deceiving the people. They discriminate
closely, and understand this matter as well as you
do; and it will be well for you if you do not un-
derrate their intelligence. Persistence in preach-
ing one doctrine and practicing another will very
soon convince them that—
" Principles in Roderick's mind
Were vague, and undefined ;
His soul, like baik with iudder lust.
On pa^iou's ehangetul tide was tossed;
Nor vice nor virtue had the power
Jievotid the impression of the hour.
And o!i! when p.i^ion rules, how rare
Tiic: huuia that fall to virtue's share
