822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. Chairman, I have never, with slate and
pencil, figured up the political indebtedness of the
South to the North, or the North to the South. I
have never struck a balance-sheet between them
of favors given and favors received. But I im-
agine, if that was done, the South would be found
indebted to the Democracy of the North. They
assisted you to reduce the tariffs of 1828 and 1842
to what was believed ta be a revenue standard;
they opposecTequally with yourselves the Wilmot
proviso, as being unfair and unjust in its opera-
tion; they stood by the fugitive slave law of 1850;
voted for and sustained provisions in the Utah
and New Mexico organic acts, giving the people
of those Territories the right to determine for
themselves whether they would or would nothave
slavery. In 1853, when Washington was taken
off the north part of Oregon and erected into a
separate. Territory, they relieved it from the op-
eration of the Wilmot proviso, which had in 1848
been inserted in the Oregon bill. In 1854, when
the time had arrived to erect territorial govern-
ments in Kansas and Nebraska, you insisted that
the Missouri compromise line was an unjust and
oppressive restriction, and ought to be removed.
The northern Democracy thought so too, and
stood by you breast, to breast, when you had noth-
ing to fear, publie sentiment being all one way in
the South, and they had everything to fear in the
North, as there was a powerful counter-current
there. You have always received a vastly greater
proportion of Government patronage than you
were entitled to on the basis of your population.
Your men swarm these Halls and the Depart-
ments here; they tread the decks of our vessels;
they officer our armies, and fill posts of profit
almost everywhere.
Notwithstanding your population is much less
than that of.the North, you have all the Depart-
ments of the Government under your control, ex-
cept, perhaps, there may be a little doubt of your
success in tnis House. Up to within a short time
you were in a very decided minority here; and if
you now have the majority, as you claim, but
which I cannot believe,'how did you get it? The
country would like to be informed on"this point.
They would like light upon it. I know you have
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of this
House. You have the committees. Not a Dem-
ocrat opposed to the Leeompton swindle was
placed on the Committee on Territories—four of
them being from slavound one from a free .State,
Mr. Hughes, of Indiana, who is zealous for Le-
comptomsm. Seeing the cast of that committee,
the members of this House opposed to crushing
out the will ofthe people in Kansas and sanction-
ing frauds, voted for and passed a tesolution in-
troduced by my distinguished colleague, raising
a select committee of fifteen to inquire into those
frauds; and strange to say, when that committee
was announced by the Speaker, a majority was
found on it, in contravention of parliamentary
law, opposed to the object of the resolution. Yet,
after all this, you do not appear to be satisfied,
but propose to drive northern Democrats still
closer to the wall. You now tell us if you can
get Kansas you will be perfectly happy. Are you
right sure of it? How long would it be, if we
should surrender Kansas as a sacrifice, before
the doctrine boldly avowed by your organ, the
Washington Union, thatslavery, by virtue of the
Constitution of the United States, may be carried
into alt the States, would be avowed on this floor ?
There must, gentlemen, be an end to your un-
just exactions. There must be a little more tol-
eration of sentiment on your part. In almost all
the other controversies you have been right; but
in this one you are clearly wrong, and are going
too far. Let me beseech you to pause before it
is too late. You are rousing the whole North,
and striking a more fatal blow at your interest
than you have ever before struck, because you
are settling, deep and immovable, a conviction in
the northern mind that you seek to perpetuate
your power at the sacrifice of every principle of
right. If you push that monstrous measure of
injustice, the Leeompton constitution, through
Congress it will be a fatal move to you, and one
that the North will not soon forget. With what
grace could you thereafter charge that the North
was sectional? First cast the beam out of thine
own eye. Every member on this floor from the
South, with one or two exceptions, are for the
Leeompton constitution, and if they were not
swept along by sectional feeling, nobody doubts I
but there would be some more division of senti-
ment among them; a few, at least, who would sec
something to condemn on tlfbpartof Calhoun and
his confederates; something wrong in not sub-
mitting an organic act to a vote of the people.
But not so. Kansas must be dragged into the
Union, vi et armis, contrary to the entreaties and
expostulations of its citizens against it. No means
are to be left untried to effect it. In the Senate
it is virtually announced that illegal votes are to
be retained to consummate the object. All efforts
to inquire into frauds are voted down there. Here
the friends of the Leeompton constitution struggled
with its opponents to prevent an investigation of
these frauds, from four o'clock in the afternoon
until seven o'clock next morning, makingall kinds
of dilatory motions,and, when finally overcome,
and a committee is ordered to be raised, the victory
is a barren one—the majority of the committee are
against the investigation.
Well, Mr. Chairman, the Leeompton constitu-
tion is here. It seems no man could be found to
bear it to the capital of the nation but a Govern-
ment office holder. ' Stringfellosv and Whitfield,
and other violent pro-slavery men, have aban-
doned it as base born, and only Mr. Calhoun fol-
lows in its train, to graciously tell us:
" f leave you here <i little book,
For you to look upon;
That you may see n.- lather's face,
When lie dead and gone.:>
To one who knows Mr. Calhoun well, his con-
duct in Kansas is no matter of surprise. Since
his arrival in this city, the fraud of the Delaware
Crossing poll-book, the original of which was dug
up under a wood pile near his office, has alarmed
lum, and he has proclaimed he will give the cer-
tificates of election to the free-State men from
Leavenworth. He may do it, but 1 doubt it. Ac-
cording to a late publication, he is hesitating what
he will do. Somebody is bound to be cheated.
Who wll it be? He is holding back and refus- j
ing to declare the result until the Kansas ques- ■
tion is disposed of in Congress. If Kansas is !
admitted, he is in the market to the highest bidder, j
Going i Going! How muoh, gentlemen, will you !
give? Was there ever before such a humiliating i
spectacle as a public officer of the General Gov- !
eminent neglecting his official duties, and hanging !
around the Capitol with the pojl-books of adistant ]
Territory in his breeches pocket, ready to be |
knocked down to the best binder? Going! Going! j
How much, gentlemen, will you give? Going! !
Gone! Who is the buyer? Ah! there's the rub. '
I throw the vail of chanty over the balancc of
his life.
Mr. Chairman, I have listened with no ordinary :
interest to the discussions in this House on the
Kansas question. The South has put forth her
ablest champions; but their speeches are more a
defense of slavery in the abstract than of the Le-
eompton constitution, They tell us of its civil- i
izmg and refining effects; of its tendency to rub |
olf the rugged and vulgar points of human char- j
acter; and to create a during and manly chivalry; |
of its Divine origin, and socializing effects upon j
society. Sir, I do not stand here to debate these i
points with them. They have nothing to do with i
the subject, in reality. The question is, shall '
Kansas be admitted: not as n slave State, not as
a free State, but under a fundamental law that a I
majority of her people utterly repudiate, spawned j
into existence by corruption and fraud? That is j
the question we are called on to decide, and you |
may disguise the matter as you will, the people j
will so understand it. j
What reason is offered why this thing should i
be done ? The President tells us it will " localize" !
the difficulty. I cannot agree with him in that !
opinion. The people are already too much exer- !
cised on the subject to lose all their interest in it j
by the bare act of admission. Indeed that act, !
under the circumstances, would only increase the |
excitement. You cannot, in this country, op- j
press one portion of the people withoutthe hearts I
of millions sympathizing with them. This is a
characteristic of our nature which it is fatal to an
American statesman not to understand. When
Great Britain oppressed one of our colonies the
shock was equally felt and resisted by all. And it is
idle to talk about a fraud being palmed off on Kan-
sas without the whole country feeling the indignity
and outrage, deeply, intensely. He has studied
human nature to little advantage who supposes
that those upon whom an organic act is attempted
to be imposed will not resist it to the last. Men
may be coaxed but they cannot be driven. The
iron-heel of power may crush them for the time
being, but they will rise Phcenix-like from the
ashes. Truth may be subdued, but it will never
be conquered. Pass your Leeompton constitu-
tion, and a standing army in Kansas will not be
sufficients enforce itorput the local government
in operation under it. The people there (and they
have given unmistakable evidence of their determ-
ination) will never recognize its binding force or
validity. To talk, then, about localizing the ex-
citement on Kansas affairs, until the people are
allowed fair play and the will of the majority
prevails, is idle. By suppressing that will and
yielding to the demand of the minority you only
add fuel to the smouldering embers, and kindle
a fire that will burn with an intenser heat—a
fire that will blaze on every hill top and in every
valley from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The very
fact, sir, that the Constitution of the United States
provides that Congress may admit new States
into the Union, presupposes that that admission
is to be made on the application of the people
of such proposed State, and the additional fact
that Congress is required to guaranty to each
State " a republican form of government," which
means a government founded on the will of the
governed, is conclusive, in my judgment, against
the admission of Kansas under the Leeompton
constitution. For no man in this House, or out
of it, has yet had the hardihood to assert that a
majority of the citizens of that Territory were for
it. Its friends steadily ignore this point, and
sweep along with a general shout, and hope to
cover up in the dust, and smoke of battle the great
issue upon which it is fought. To talk, under
these circumstances, of localizing a controversy
involving the republican vitality of the Constitu-
tion and the right of self-government, will not
satisfy the public mind. "Let justice be done
though the heavens should fall." But some gen-
tlemen tell us in way of palliation that if the peo-
ple of Kansas are opposed to the Leeompton con-
stitution, they can change it at any time, and
therefore she should be admitted under it. The
point is this, that she should be imprisoned that
she may be allowed the privilege of suing out a
writ of habeas corpus, to be discharged under it;
that you will place shackcls upon her limbs that
she may knock them off; that you will do an un-
just and unlawful thing, that justice may come
out of it. Paul said " God forbid that I should
do evil that good may come of it;" and this doc-
trine is sound whether applied to moral, legisla-
tive, or religious duties.
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, that your Kansas Le-
gislature was a legally constituted body; suppose
they had an undoubted right to call a convention
to frame a constitution; suppose that convention
had a legal right to refuse to submit that consti-
tution when formed to a vote of the people, would
you, when it was presented for your action, and
you were invested with a discretionary power to
receive or reject it, receive it if it was ascertained
beyond all doubt or cavil that it did not embody
the will of the people? Sir, this is precisely the
Kansas case, if your view of the law is correct. I
believe that the constitution of one of the States
(Florida) was pending before Congress several
years before she was admitted into the Union.
Who doubts but the people who framed it could
have met at any time before the final act of ad-
mission, formed another and different constitution
embodying their last will, and sent it here as a
substitute for the first, and been taken into the
Union under it? This is virtually the case with
Kansas. Everybody knows that her Legislature
passed an act to enable the people to determine,
m March next, whether they will call another
convention and frame another constitution; and
you propose to pay no regard to their action. It
is true, the law, according to late dispatches, has
been temporarily defeated by the Governor; but
that does not destroy the evidence of its being
the legitimate offspring of the popular will, or its
moral force. AW at once gentlemen become great
sticklers for legal forms. They grasp eagerly at
the shadow, and not at the substance. They
stick in the bark. Sir, the honest, free-thinking,
independent people of this Republic will sweep
your technical objections and arguments to the
