mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
5 likewise have his estimate stating that $55,000
will'complete this great work. There is around
that channel a detour of nearly seven miles; more
than fourhundrec! million dollars of commerce are
passing over that cut every year; and the small
sum of $55,000 will complete a channel that will
every year save four or five times that amount.
I trust this matter will be brought to a vote. I
shall not undertake to discuss it. It is a plain
proposition. I shall only say that unless this
appropriation be made, and made very soon, the
money which has been previously expended will
be useless and wasted.
. Mr. CLAY. This resolution is a very unusual
and extraordinary one in its character, and it is
supported ii) a most extraordinary manner. For
the Senate to assume to instruct the Committee
on Commerce what they shall do in relation to
any measure referred to that committee, is tanta-
mount to taking from them all discretion or judg-
ment about the bill proposed. It is idle for the
committee to seek information from the Treasury
Department or the War Department in relation
to these works, if that is all to go for naught, and
they are simply to be the registers of the will of
the Senate,as they may dictate it here in a vote of
instruction. These matters have all been under
the consideration of the committee. They have
sought information about them from the proper
sources in the Government; and here conies for-
ward the Senator from Michigan, and upon the
authority of aprivate letter to him, offers informa-
tion to the Senate not obtained from other sources,
and seeks, by offering that information, to in-
struct the Committee on Commerce what they
shall do.
No w, sir, thfc very proposition, when explained,
should work its own condemnation. What is the
use of our having Cabinet officers to sit at the
other end of the avenue? What is the use of hav-
ing aboard of engineers to supervise these works,
and to report to the War Department what is re-
quisite; if all this is to be put aside or outweighed
by testimony communicated by an officer in apri-
vate letter to a member of the Senate ?
Why, sir, 1 regard it as insulting to the commit-
tee to instruct them to report a bill with a particular
amount of appropriation for any particular work.
For myself, 1 would spurn such instructions. I
would refuse to do so if it was contrary to my
own judgment. I might report the bill back for
the action of the Senate; but as to sitting in a
committee-room merely to register the edicts of a
majority of the Senate, I should scorn myself if
1 were capable of doing it. Now, sir, I think that
the Senate certainly voted against laying this res-
olution on the table without due consideration.
Where are the reports of the board of engineers?
Mr. CHANDLER.. Before the committee—
submitted by me.
Mr. CLAY. Where is the report of the Sec-
retary of War ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the committee.
Mr. CLAY. How does the Senate know that
this work has the approval of that officer? I sub-
mit that this is a most mappiopiiate way, and a
most unusual manner of proceeding in the Senate
—one that is without the warrant of any precedent,
so far as I know, and one that I hope will not be
followed. I trust that the Senate will not vote for
this resolution. If they do so,it will be followed,
doubtless, by similar resolutions offered by other
Senators interested m local wotks, and the conse-
quence will be that your Committee on Commeice
will dwindle into utter insignificance and useless-
ness, and you might as well abolish it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am myself gratified that the
Senator from Michigan has seen fit to offer this
resolution for the consideration of the Senate. I
view it in an entirely different light from the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce. I think it
is appropriate; I think it is just; I think the action
of that committee demanded this resolution.
The Senator from Alabama inquires of us of
what use are Cabinet officers; of what use are to-
pographical engineers, if the Senate is to take the
direction of these matters into its own hands?
Well, sir; I do not know that we have these per-
sons, appropriately or specifically for the purpose
of following precisely what they say. We listen
to all they have to say, and we shall be guided by
whatever they say so far as it commends itself
to our judgment; not beyond that. But I ask a
question, I think quite as pertinent: what is the
use of a Senate, if the Committee on Commerce,
or Cabinet officers, or topographical engineers,
are to control it? Now, sir, J think this Commit-
tee on Commerce is the creature of the Senate, is
within its control; and when a majority of that
committee, in their own judgment, come to a con-
clusion that does not meet the judgment of the Sen-
ate, what is the use of having a Senate if you do
not direct the committee what to do? If they are
anything more than the mere servants of this body,
I should like very well to know what they are.
If the Committee on Commerce is to control all
these matters, without reporting a solitary bill
back to this body, so that the Senate may either
affirm or reject that report, I ask again, what is
the use of having a Senate ? Is everything within
the control of that committee ? Are they omnip-
otent?
I am not saying that they may not be right in
their opinion; I am not saying that they arc wrong;
but I am viewing the position in the light in which
the Senator from Alabama has presented it. The
Senator has told us this morning himself that the
Committee on Commerce have agreed to make
no appropriations except in specific cases, where,
on examination, it should be found that appro-
priations were necessary to prevent works from
going to decay. That is the judgment of the com-
mittee. Is it the judgment of the Senate ? That
is the question. I do not know that this appro-
priation is the strongest one that can be presented;
I am not well enough informed on the subject to
judge; but that it is a case of great merit, I do
know.
I said, sir, that I was glad this resolution had
been offered, and simply for this reason: the Com-
mittee on Commerce, as the chairman has told
you, have come to the conclusion to moke no rec-
ommendation whatever for works of this charac-
ter. If that be the sense of the Senate, then there
is no necessity for the committcc taking further
action. If it be not the sense of the Senate, and
if the Senate, in its judgment, shall deem it ad-
visable to appropriate any sums for any purposes
of this kind, they may take a test vote on this
resolution, and the committee may report this bill
back; and while, as I said, I do not know that it
is the strongest case which may be presented, we
may get at the judgment of the Senate as to what
will be done on the question generally; and for
that reason I am glad the resolution was offeied.
1 take this occasion to say that I did not agree
with the majority of the committee in their de-
termination, which has been announced by the
chairman, and I will state also that I stood alone.
If a majority of the Senate should he of a different
opinion from that committee, certainly—here I dif-
fer with the chairman—I cannot view it as any dis-
respect to the committee; I cannot view it as any
reflection on the committee, in any way. I doubt
not that the committee have acted as they believed
wisest and best, although their action did not meet
my judgment then; it does not meet my judgment
now. I know very well that in the embarrassed
state of the Treasury, we ought to be more guard-
ed, more careful, than usual in our expenditures,
and wo ought to make them in a more limited
manner than we should be apt to do under a dif-
ferent state of things; but that we should make
none whatever, I do not agree to. I hope the
resolution may be allowed to pass the Senate,
simply for the purpose of sending this one bill
heie, and letting us have the judgment of the Sen-
ate upon it; and, according to that judgment, I
have no doubt the committee would cheerfully
act.
Mr. CLAY. A simple instruction to the com-
mittee to report back a bill would not in itself be
obnoxious to some of the objections which 1 have
made. But, sir, this is a resolution of a different
character. It is an instruction to the committee
to report back a bill appropriating a particular
sum of money for the improvement of this chan-
nel; and it is directing the committee, contrary to
their own judgment, excepting the single Senator
from Maine,as. he has just stated, to repoit abiU
which they regard as inexpedient and improper.
I say that, under these circumstances, such a res-
olution is offensive to the committee. It is taking
away all discretion from them, and making them
do what the Senate may dictate, although they
may disapprove of the particular measure.
I f the Senator from Michigan had simply asked
for a resolution of instruction to the committee to
report back his bill for the action of the Senate,
I should not have opposed it; but to instruct them
to report a bill making a particular appropriation,
I do object to, as offensive to the committee,and
as unbecoming the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The whole of the matter is in
a nutshell. A bill has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, appropriating a larger sum
than that which is now named. The engineer says
to us that a smaller sum will answer, and the
object is only to diminish the sum. When the bill
shall have been reported back with a diminished
sum, then the whole question will be before the
Senate; because, if we act under this resolution,
what do we do? We report the bill back with an
amendment. There will be the bill before the Sen-
ate as it was originally referred, and the amend-
ment in compliance with this resolution. Both
propositions will be before the Senate, and it is a
simple direction to reduce the amount; that is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that I had the
honor to introduce a bill appropriating $100,000
for (he completion of this work, which sum, at
that time, I supposed would be requisite. I after-
wards applied at the Department, obtained umptf
and estimates—in fact all the information that
could he obtained at the Department—and sub-
mitted it to the committee through the honorable
Senator from Maine. I do not object at all to the
amendment to my resolution suggested by the
chairman, so as to leave it a simple resolution to
report back the bill. The amount which I hove
named is the precise'amount, or varies but a few
dollars from the amount, which the Department
says will be requisite to complete the work. I
would as soon the committee would report the bill
m one shape as another. I modify the resolution
so as to provide merely that the committee be in-
structed to report back the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not myself disagree to
the principle which is intended to be inaugurated
in this case, of instructing a committee to report a
particular bill. My impression is that that is par-
liamentary; that if the majority of the body de-
sire to have a bill acted upon, and it is delayed by
a committee for an unreasonable time, or they are
rather obstinate, the Senate has the right to in-
struct the committee to report the bill. I do not
consider it disrespectful to the committee; it is a
mere question of policy; but I object to the pas-
sage of this resolution upon principle, and I trust
the Senate will not pass it. It is the commence-
ment of a system of internal improvement which
I think the country is not prepared now to enter
intojfor if this resolution prevails, and the Com-
mittee on Commerce be instructed to report a bill
for the improvement of this particular work, ap-
propriating so large an amount of public money—
$100,000—as a matter of course, if such a project
as this passes, other places will come in for their
share; and we shall have bill after bill, instruction
after instruction, until we shall have a batch of
internal improvement bills on us leading to the
expenditure of millions upon millions of the pub-
lic money. It is simply the commencement, the
inauguration, ©f a scheme of public plunder, by
which these works of internal linprovementaie to
be carried on.
Now, sir, that Senators on the other side of the
Chamber should vote for this proposition is per-
fectly reasonable and narural. They ate all in
favor of the system of internal impiovcment by
the General Government, for many reasons which
we all understand, and for this one, if for no other:
that they may create as large expenditures of the
|j public money as possible during the existence of
ii a Democratic Administration, so that that Admin-
1 istration may be brought into public odium for
its extravagance. That is one reason—a very
potentandgood one—for them to act upon. But,
sir, that is by no means a reason why any gentle-
man who supports the present Ad ministration of
the Government should vote fortius or any other
proposition of a similar kind. The expenditures
of this Governmentare running up now to an ex-
traordinary extent. I suppose that at this ses-
sion, although we are endeavoring to economize
on small matters, the expenditures will probably
go to some seventy or eighty million dollars; and
if this system of internal improvement be inaugu-
rated and carried out, as I suppose is the design
of this movement, we shall have an expenditure
of four or five millions more for these objects; and
in proportion as the expenditures of the Admin-
