THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
sons. The provision is that they "shall, by a
joint-vote, forthwith proceed to elect one of said
persons Governor or Lieutenant Governor, as the
case may be." It was an assemblage of men com-
posing, the two bodies of the Legislature, to sit
before the Speaker for a certain purpose, and in
a certain contingency to take action; but not oth-
erwise.
I have notaword to say, and the case does not
require me to say a word, as to what would have
been the effect on the election of Governor if there
had not been a majority of the two Houses pres-
ent on that occasion. I do not believe it would
have affected the election in any way; the Speaker
would have counted the votes ana declared the
result. Gentlemen talk about that convention
having inducted the Governor into office. Why,
sir, they had nothing to do about it; they did not
do anything about it; they simply assembled
there to witness the counting of the votes and to
act in a certain contingency, which never hap-
pened. The votes were counted, and the election
declared all right enough. Did any man ever find
fault about that? Never to my knowledge. Then,
•why is it argued over here, a whole hour spent
upon it, and we told that we are going to disturb
that Governor and Lieutenant Governor whose
election nobody ever questioned ? I do not know
whether it is intended to escape the true point,
but the great time spent about that looks to me
like an attempt to divert attention from the true
question. The question is not whether that man
was properly declared elected Governor, and de-
livered his address to the proper people; not
whether he is Governor or is not Governor; but
■whether those men, thus assembled together, had
a right to make an election of United States Sen-
ators? That is the point.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to ask the question,
was that Governor rightly sworn?
Mr. COLLAMER. I was not there; I did not
hear the oath, or see him take it.
Mr. PUGH. The record says he was rightly
sworn. Was that the right place to take the
oath ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know but that he
could take it in any justice's office.
Mr. PUGH. The law says he shall take it in
the convention.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, it does not.
Mr. PUGH. I read the law.
Mr. COLLAMER. What law ?
Mr. PUGH. The stiUute.
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean to say that 1 shall
not be diverted from the question of the election
of these Senators by getting up a controversy
about the election of that Governor. They have
no relationship to each other at all. When did
the counting of the votes for Governor take place?
On the 12th of January. Was not that enough ?
Nobody ever complained of the election of Gov-
ernor that I heard of. Have we anything m the
world to do with that? Not at all.
But, gentlemen are mightily distressed and
troubled, it seems, in relation to a certain .1 mi
Lane; I am sure I care nothing about Mr. Jim
Lane. He was once, 1 believe, Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of Indiana, and presided in their State Sen-
ate, and it appears by the testimony that he was
there on the occasion when the Senate organized
at this last session. What he was doing exactly
at that junctuie, 1 would not undertake to be re-
sponsible for. I do not know where he is now.
I cannot say whether he is a murderer or not; I
have heard stories about it, and read the papers
about it; but that has nothing to do with the case.
Is it true that Jun Lane did conduct himself
wrongfully there > Whether he was armed or
not nobody knows. It seems a number of the wit-
nesses were asked whetherLane was armed. They
did not know. They were asked, did you hear
anything of him ? No; but one of them says, he
came to me, and when 1 insisted that the Lieuten-
ant Governor was the presiding officer of the body
when the body was orgamzedand not before, and
that such had been the usage of the Senate, Lane
come and told me I was right, for he had been
Lieutenant Governor, and he knew that was the
only way heever took his seat as presiding officer
when the body was organized. Lane told that
witness that he was right in taking that position,
and the witness added, " whether he was armed
or not I did not know and did not care." 'The
pains taken on this point seems to me very ex-
traordinary. Is it expected that an election of
Senator,taking place on the 4th day of February,
could, by any possibility, be affected in its legal-
ity by the fact whether Mr. Jim Lane and his
associates conducted themselves improperly on
the 8th of January before ? Or is it supposed that
the members of this body are so exceedingly ob-
tuse that they are to be influenced by an argument
like that which is sometimes used before a jus-
tice's jury, on the idea that if you can get up a
prejudice in rfelation to a transaction that occurred
a month or two before, you can persuade the jury,
by rubbing their ears very hard, to give a verdict
in relation to this transaction, by reference to that
with which it had nothing to do ? It is not worth
while to undertake to answer a thing of that kind,
but it is well enough to refer to it, and give the
dates.
Governor Willard, who was Lieutenant Gov-
ernor at the opening of the session, and was in-
augurated as Governor elect on the 12th of Janu-
ary, says, in his deposition, that in the forepart
of the day of the organization of the Senate, there
were irregularities; that is, a part of the members
of the Senate, then about being organized, con-
sidered that they had a right to select a presiding
officer. Another witness states the reason of that.
He says that the usage of the State had been to
organize the Senate first, and then have the Lieu-
tenant Governor take his seat. The majority of
the Senate tried to pursue that course which they
thought they had a right to do, and they put a
Senator into the chair by the side oftheLieuten-
ant Governor. There were irregularities; but they
came to no conclusion; they produced no organi-
zation; the Senate did not get into a condition to
begin a record; the clerk began no record; and
they did not get organized so that he could have
anything to record, and he did not record any-
thing, and they adjourned in some confusion. In
the afternoon, when the Senate assembled again,
Governor Willurd says that Senator Burk, who
had been called to the chair in the morning, did
not take it again; no more was done about it.
They then began their business. The Lieutenant
Governor called upon the newly-elected Senators,
all of whom had certificates of election, and swore
them in. There was one of them who had no
certificate of his election, and the Senate took a
vote upon that question, voted him his seat, and
! the Lieutenant Governor had him sworn as the
j others. They were then organized; they went on
j with their business, and made their record" from
that time forward.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana com-
plains that they did not record that violence in the
morning, and he undertakes to say that the record
of the Senate's proceedings is here to be entitled
to no credit, and is to receive no currency with
this body because they did not record that. I
should like to see the gentleman draw up a record
of those proceedings, and what they resulted in.
I think he would be as much troubled* as the man
was who was writing a letter for another as he
dictated it to him. By and by he was asked,
"can you write anything I tell you?" "Oh,
yes," said he. Presently the man whistled, and
he said, "write that whistle. " [Laughter.] 1
think it would be quite as troublesome to make a
record of that morning's proceedings as it would
be to write the whistle, and put it in the letter.
The truth is there was nothing done to record.
Mr. President, from that day, the 8th of Jan-
uary, all went on quietly; there was no disturb-
ance. Now, what took place? Did the House
of Representatives ever pass any resolution for
the election of a Senator? Was there any law
providing for a joint meeting to elect a Senator?
No. The constitution of the State, which directed
|| the Speaker of the House to count the votes for
" Governor, provided for a meeting of the two
Houses, to which meeting it only gave the power
to vote for Governor in a certain contingency;
but did it give that meeting any right to elect a
Senator? No; but a long argument is made that
inasmuch as they adjourned two or three times,
until they finally elected a Senator, everything is
ail right; and the Senator from Ohio reads cases
here to show that an adjourned meeting can do
anything which could have been done at the
primal meeting. I do not deny that. The gen-
tleman seems to think that because my name is
put down as dissenting from a certain decision in
the Vermont courts, I dissented from that prin-
ciple. Not at all. If the gentleman will examine
that case a little more carefully, I think he will
find why I dissented. The court undertook to say
that a manufacturing corporation, at an adjourned
meeting, could do anything they could at the
principal meeting, and that the principal meeting
could do anything they had a mind to do, with-
out any warning. That was the trouble, and that
was the ground on which I dissented; and that
is exactly the trouble here. That court made that
decision in relation to the annual meeting of a
corporation. It began in this way: In my State
we have town meetings fixed by law, which reg-
ulate the general affairs of the town and its offi-
cers. They sometimes get into some trouble about
a certain piece of business which it was said had
not been in the warning. The court, on the
whole, concluded that an annual town meeting
could do anything it wanted to do. That was a
pretty hard decision; but when they got to this
private corporation—the case the gentleman read
was a manufacturing corporation — they under-
took to apply to it the other rule in relation to
municipal corporations, and to that application I
dissented. I think I should have dissented from
the first decision, if I had been present; I cer-
tainly did from the last, and I think I can read
enough out of the gentleman's own books to sup-
port me in that.
I grant that if the convention (if gentlemen pre-
fer that name) which met to see the votes counted
for Governor, had a right to elect a Senator, then
they had a right to elect a Senator at an ad journed
meeting. I have no doubt of that; and I go a
little further and say, that if they had a right to
do that, and keep the joint meeting along by ad-
journments, the Senate, by its own adjournments,
could not defeat it. But I say, in the case of the
honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,]
this body decided that very point the other way.
In the State of Iowa there was a fixed law which
regulated the forming of a convention by the two
Houses of the Legislature, and provided that that
convention should appoint its own officers, and
should sit upon its own adjournments. In the
election of the honorable Senator from Iowa, the
two Houses of the Iowa Legislature met pursu-
ant to that law; they did elect their own officers,
arid they did sit on their own adjournments. When
they could not elect on the first day, they came
to a meeting on a second day, and then a major-
ity of each House was present. Failing to elect,
they adjourned to meet on a subsequent day, but
then a majority of the Senate, instead of going to
meet the House in joint convention according to
the adjournment, adjourned and did not go there.
The minority of the Senate went there, and they,
with the House of Representatives, elected the
Senator. This Senate, however, decided that that
election was not good; and thty, therefore, de-
cided that, because a majority of the Senate of
the State refused, by their act of adjournment, to
go into the convention, they had the power, after
the convention was formed by law, to defeat it.
They did defeat it; and this body sustained them
in it upon the broad principle that the rule was
imperative, the requirement indispensable; that
in the election of a Senator you must have a ma-
jority of bothjlouses present at the time. That
was the-decision in that case, the facts of which
were as I have just stated; and no man will dis-
pute them. It was decided on that very princi-
ple that, because the Senate of Iowa, by a major-
ity, adjourned, they defeated the joint convention
already formed by law.
In this case, as I was saying, if it be true that
those men collected in that body to see the vote
for Governor counted, had the legal right then to
go on and make an election of Senators of the
United States, their adjournments did not deprive
them of that right. 1 know those adjournments
were made in an extraordinary way; that is to
say, no vote was taken on adjourning the meet-
ing; but when the votes for Governor had been
counted, the Governor elect took ins scat, deliv-
ered his message, and then the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor was declared elected, who was of course,
ex officio presiding officer of the Senate, and he
adjourned that convention by his own act, and not
by a vote of the body at all. Governor Willard
was asked in his testimony, " whether that was
not the way conventions in Indiana, of the Legis-
lature, had been usually adjourned ?" He said
" yes, so far as he knew, and he had presided in
