1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them." They then asked him, "Did you ever
knowofa convention, if you call it such, a meet-
ing which came to see the votes for Governor
counted, being adjourned for any other business ?"
"Never," said he. He was asked, " Did you
ever know of any convention being adjourned for
any other business?" "I do not know that,"
said he, " I have adjourned them;" butthe fact
is, as he says in his testimony, he never presided
at one of those meetings, nor at any joint conven-
tion, except one that was created by a joint reso-
lution, and that he adjourned them without day,
when they finished the work for which they met.
That is his testimony.
Now, Mr. President, I ask where is the au-
thority, where is the law by which this body
(assembled for a purpose declared by the consti-
tution, and lo be ended with the completion of that
purpose declared by the constitution) couM re-
main in existence for any other purpose? Their
adjournments could not give them that power.
If they had the power to go on and make an elec-
tion of Senator at the time they were first as-
sembled, that is another tiling; but where did they
get that power? Was there any such mode as
that prescribed in their constitution for the elec-
tion of Senator? No. Was there anything of
that kind in their law ? No. Was there anyjoint
resolution of the two Houses ever passed that
they would make anelection by joint resolution ?
Never; and no such resolution was passed by
either House. The House of Representatives
never passed such a resolution; the Senate never
did so; the House of representatives neverasked j
the Senate to pass it. The difficulty of the argu-
ment consists in this: it is not shown that the so-
called convention had any power to elect a Sen- !
ator, either at the time they first met or afterwards,
and therefore all the argument about the contin- j
uance of their power by adjournments amounts !
to nothing. As the Senator from Ohio says, those \
adjournments, though irregular, if not objected !
to, were well enough. The trouble is not with [
the adjournments; the trouble is, that the first
meeting had no such power as was attempted to
be exercised at an adjourned meeting. i
Mr. President, I might here perhaps conclude |
pretty much what I have to say about this case, i
but there are some few things I wish to notice, j
The honorable gentleman from Louisiana, deems
the election irregular, but he states a history of it
to show its excuse. Well, what history does he
show? He begins back, and lays great stress, and
exercises his genius m undertaking to make a pic-
ture addressed to the prejudices of the community
against Mr. Lane, and the irregularities there on
the 8th of January, which, he says, form the ex-
cuse for the irregular election of these Senators.
How? Wheie is the relationship ? Find me the
sequilur. Show me how it formed any sort of ex-
cuse for it. It would have been well enough if
the honorable Senator, 111 going into this history, ,
had slated what the testimony shows to have been -
the usage there. The testimony shows that in
every instance of a senatorial election in that '
State, it was always made by a joint resolution, !
agreeing to go into convention. There never was
one made in any other way. The gentleman says
there was a law for that. So there was, passed
in ]831. The Senator from Ohio thinks that law
was repealed in 1853. '
Mr. PUGH. Undoubtedly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say it was repealed
earlier than that by several years. In 18-43, I
think there was a revision of the laws of Indiana,
just as there was in 1853: and, ill that revision,
they repealed all laws not therein excepted, as
they did in 1853; and they excepted two provis-
ions in relation to the election of Senator of the
United States, and preserved them in their pub-
lication; but they are provisions which merely
regulated the mode of voting—the viva voce form
■—nothing else.
Mr. PUGII. The constitution provides for
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. The constitution was made
since; but, by the revision of 1S43, tjie former
law as to the election of Senators of the United
States was repealed, except to change the mode
of voting from the ballot to voce, and the other
was a short statute of comparatively lio import-
ance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first statute provides
fortitBa voce elections in all cases, including United
States Senators; and the next statute repealed
that, except as to United States Senators.
Mr. COLLAMER. Earlier than that revision
there was a statute that all officers chosen by the
Legislature should be chosen by viva voce vote.
They repealed that in the second law except in
relation to United States Senators. These two
short statutes were not repealed in the revision of
1843. The other statute of 1831 was repealed by
that' revision. So, as early as 1843, the act of
1831 eeased to be operative, and yet election after
election has been made since 1843, every one of
which, according to the testimony, was made by
a joint vote of the two Houses after they had
agreed by resolution to meet together. On one
occasion they failed, and how did they fail? A
majority of the House of Representatives was
Whig, and the Senate was equally divided. The
time came for making an election of United States
Senator, and it appears m the testimony, which I
do not care to read—I can state it and Senators
can correct me if I do not state it correctly—that
one of the present sitting Senators from Indiana
[Mr. Biught] was the Lieutenant Governor and
presiding officer of the Senate, and on two or
three occasions, when a resolution was sent into
the Senate from the other House to go into a joint
convention, he, by his casting vote, outvoted it
in the Senate, and when the next year came round
the majority was the other way, and he was elect-
ed Senator by a joint vote, agreed upon by both
Houses. That would be like a little better history
of how this came, and furnish some sort of ex-
cuse, if any is wanted, why the majority of the
Senate of Indiana, last year, were not willing to
be outvoted. The other side had always done so
when they could, and insisted on it, and they
only did the same thing. It was nothing new.
They practiced the lesson which the opposite
party had taught them: but now it is awfully
factious. Then it was all right, especially as it
resulted on the right side.
So much in relation to this history. The usage j
of the State, even when there was no law, was ;
always to bring about a convention by a joint res- |
olution. It so fully appears in the testimony in i
the case. Some of the witnesses say they were :
present at every one of the elections: and that they j
were held in that way. Therefore, nothing can
be made out of that; but the usage, n; the absence
of law, was all agreeable to the constitution, and
agreeable to the principles I have stated, some-
times resulting in an election, and sometimes fail-
ing, but all satisfactory and right.
Now, sir, it may be said that everything is well
enough when you come to any proceeding of this
kindi if you do not exactly follow the law, pro-
vided no objection is made at the time. Sir, there
was objection made. The majority of the Senate
believed that even if they went to the meeting to
see the votes counted, there would be a snap judg-
ment taken on them by attempting to make ail
election of United States Senators, or attempting j
to fi^ a day to do it; and that is the reason they ;
did notgo there, because that unlawful proceeding j
■wascontemplated. When the adjournment took
place, they, of course, heard that it was proposed
to go into an election of Senators. It is said to
be presumed to be all right; but the Senate of In-
diana, by a majority, protested against that pro-
ceeding, before it took place, by a formal protest,
which was entered on record. What more could
they do > Must they go there and commit them-
selves, and be outvoted? WTere they placed in
that condition, as between two stools, that they
must fall ? Were onlv these two horns of the di-
lemma presented: " If you do not come, we will
make an election; if you'eome and enter your pro-
test, we shall have an advantage by that; if you
do come, we can get along, because we have a
majority?" The proceeding was protested against
in all solemnity, and in duo form; and the protest
is here on the table. What more could the Sen-
ate do5
This is about the history of the transaction; at
least it is as much of it as I regard of any import-
ance. The whole question at last resolves itself
into this: does the fact that the sitting members
had a majority of the aggregate number of the
two bodies; that they had a number of votes which
would have made a majority of the two Houses
if they had been together, make an election ? If
that makes a legal election, they have got it. If
that fact alone will not make a legal election; if it
must ha^e the requisites of a law; if it njiisthave
any requisites of this kind-, if it is true that .the
minority body may, under the constitution, in
the absence of law to the contrary, insist upon
their right of deferring and defeating an election;
the sitting members 4re not entitled to their seats.
If the minority body have that constitutional right,
these people were entitled to use it, and have used
it. If they have not that right, Massachusetts,
Connecticut, New Hampshire, and many other
States, have elected their members under laws ut-
terly Unconstitutional. I shall say no more on the
subject.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, it is proper,
as one of the members of the Judiciary Commit-
tee who reported this resolution in favor of the
right of the sitting Senators from the State of In-
diana to their seats, that I shall say something on
the question. I had at first intended to make more
extended remarks than I shall now indulge in, for
the ground has been fully preoccupied by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana and the Senator from Ohio,
to whose remarks, always accurate, logical, and
eloquent, I listened with both interest and benefit.
I shall, without attempting to go over the ground
which they have occupied, and in which I can add.
nothing of novelty to the question, merely state
the conclusions which a rather close investigation
of the subject has led me to, without giving at
length the argument. That task has been so com-
pletely and perfectly performed to my hand that
l shall not attempt to repeat it.
The points that are involved in this case are, I
think, extremely few and simple, though the facts
aie diffuse, anil the illustrations of course are
many. The power of electing United States Sen-
ators is confided by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to the State Legislatures, and the power
is also conferred on the State Legislatures to pre-
scribe the time, the mode, and the place of the
election, reserving, however, the right to Con-
gress to interfere and change these regulations,
except as to the place. This power, under the
Federal Constitution, has never been exercised
by Congress, and therefore remains where it was
originally granted—with the State Legislatures,
to determine the time and manner of the elections,
in the practice of the different Legislatures, al-
mostevery variety of form of the exercise of this
power has occurred. In some States it has been
interpreted to be, though not a legislative act, yet
an act deliberative m its character, and requiring
the joint and separate consent of both Houses of
the Legislature to consummate the performance
of this high constitutional duty. In others again
this constitutional function is performed by ajoint
convention, which, I take it, is nothing more than
another form of the Legislature — sometimes
brought together by concurrent resolutions of
the two Houses, at other times in pursuance or
under the behests of a law. There are many dif-
ferences in the form of the exercise of this power,
all of which, however, only go to prove that the
law of the State, at last, is to prescribe the form
in which the Legislature shall carry out this con-
stitutional power. The time was, in the State of
Indiana, when the manner of making elections of
United States Senators was prescribed by a law;
of that State; but at the time when the election
of the present Senators took place that law had
expired, or rather, by some omission, had been
left out of the revised code. I think the Senator
from Vermont was not exactly accurate in stating
the status of the law on that question, at the time
when this election took place. I will stop now,
in passing, merely to correct that error, and then
proceed with the general course of the argument.
The law of 1831 was not repealed by the law of
1843. The whole body of the act of 1831 was
then preserved, except the solitary and isolated
feature as to the manner of voting. Previously
to that, a different form of voting had been pur-
sued. Thatact changed it, and required them to
pursue the viva voce form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Arkansas intends to be entirely accurate. I
have the revision of 1843 m my hands, and can
refer him to the section, which, it seems to me,
repeals, without question, the law of 1831.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I shall be pleased to hearit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator has exam-
ined it, and draws a different opinion from the
examination, I will argue that point with him; but
I think there can be only one opinion.
