THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Mr. BRIGHT. With the permission of the
Senator from Arkansas, I beg leave to sayeword.
I intend to take no part in this discussion except
to correct either a misunderstanding of law or a
misstatement of facts from a want of knowledge
of them. I will correct a remark made by the
Senator from Vermont as to the law of 3831. The
law of 183-1 the first we had in the State of In-
diana regulating the election of Senators to Con-
gress, remained unchanged until the 7th day of
May, 1853, except that in 1843 the words " by
ballot" were stricken out, and u insert-
ed. That is the fact. On the 7th day of May,
1853, all laws not reenacted under tiie operation
of our new constitution, by the schedule that was
affixed to the new constitution, were repealed, and
this law regulating the election of Senators was
within that category. This is fully illustrated by
the fact that, a year before the election of my col-
league and myself took place, the Legislature at-
tempted' to pass a law on that subject; but the act
that the House of Representatives passed, the
Senate refused to pass, and the one the Senate
passed, the House refused to pass; and in that
way we were left without any statute on the sub-
ject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will merely state, if the
Senator from Arkansas will allow me, that Judge
Pettit, a member from Indiana in the other House,
stated the fact to me, and referred me to the stat-
utes. The statute ofl843does repeal the prior act,
if I can understand it, and I think there will be
no doubt about it, if Senators will look at it. Mr.
Pettit was formerly a judge in that State, and is
pretty familiar with us laws. He told me it was
so, and gave me the statute to show it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The statute will not show it.
Elections took place after that under that law. I
was elected myself under it, and so was my former
colleague, Mr. Pettit.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am glad that the contro-
veisyhas arisen about the construction of this
law, because it has had the effect of fixing me more
firmly and securely in the opinion I expressed
that the original body of law prescribing the man-
ner of electing United States Senators in the State
of Indiana continued until 1853, with the excep-
tion of a solitary innovation which was intro-
duced by the revision of 1843. That the rest of
that law should continue becomes almost a neces-
sary implication when the Legislature interfered
merely to change one part of it, the form of its
exercise, by substituting the viva voce vote instead
of the ballot. By simply making the change, it
follows that the rest of the law is continued in full
forcc and virtue, else a repeal of the law would
not have been left as a mere matter of conjecture
or judicial construction, especially when the re-
peal of laws according to ordinary practice is
placed beyond all question by language embraced
m affirmative and unmistakable terms. The fact
which the Senator from Indiana ad verted, illus-
trates the view which Indiana herself took on the
question of the law. Before the election of the
sitting Senators from Indiana, it appears that this
very defect in the law was attempted to be obvi-
ated, this omission to be supplied, by the rcenact-
ingof the law which had expired m 1853,orrather
was omitted in the compilation of the new code.
That, however, Mr. President, in the view
which I take of the case, becomes of but small
importance, since if there was no law from 1S43
to 1853, that Legislature was acting precisely
within the exercise of the same sovereign right
as the subsequent Legislature did in the election
of the sitting members; and it only illustrates the
force of that saying founded in justice, and truth
and reason, that wiiere a body is exercising a right
without law, the body is a law to itself. I believe
it is said that those who have no law are a law
unto themselves. This maxim has the highest
sanction of justice and common sense.
I have said that, at the time this election was
made, there was no law of Indiana prescribing
the time and mode of accomplishing this consti-
tutional function. In the exercise of this high
right, they were left entirely without restriction,
untrammeled, without fetters, without picseribed
forms, and subject to no limitation, except, as the
Senator from Ohio justly said, such as the princi-
ples of common sense and right reason would im-
pose. That Senator said he recognized one lim-
itation—that the proceeding must be just, must
be fair, must be of a kind to give notice to all
parties, and afford every qualified elector an op-
portunity of exercising his constitutional right.
Being thus without any prescribed statute gov-
erning the election as to time and manner, it was
left for Indiana herself to determine,"under the
exigencies of the occasion, the mode in which she
would discharge this constitutional duty. She
did so, and a convenient form,^ constitutional
institution, was found adapted to her hands, and
exactly answering the purpose. It was that ©f a
joint convention, a constitutional creature, invest-
ed with certain powers, and, in cxercising these
powers, performing the duty of electing a United
States Senator. This joint convention, created
by the constitution of Indiana, and recognized in
the practice of other States, 1 have said, is but
another form of the Legislature. It is not both
Houses acting as coordinate branches, in sepa-
rate chambers, with separate organizations; but
it is a joint convention, m which the distinct ex-
istence of each House is lost in the unity of the
joint body. It is, after all, the Legislature under
a different name; it is one form in which the Le-
gislature elects United States Senators in pursu-
ance of the Federal Constitution.
This joint convention, therefore, met for the
purpose of performing a duty enjoined on it by
the constitution of Indiana, was a deliberative
body cahed together in pursuance of the consti-
tution, acting in pursuance of prescribed form;
and if no form was prescribed for the government
of its proceedings, it was left, like every other
deliberative assembly, to adopt its own forms of
procedure, to meet at its own motion, and to ad-
journ at its own will. This convention, when it
met for one constitutional purpose, was author-
ized to perpetuate itself until its full constitutional
duty was performed and discharged; else the con-
stitution would have enjoined upon it a duty with-
out adequate power to discharge it. It would
have required a duty to be discharged at i s hands,
and deprived it of the means of performing it.
This, of course, could not have been intended.
Although the law which formerly regulated the
election of United States Senators was repealed
in 1853, there was a usage of the old conventions
which was preserved. It was the right of the
presiding officer of the joint convention to adjourn
it and to call it together again on his own motion.
It was not a right which he usurped, for long
usage had established it, and the Houses of the
Legislature had always acquiesced in this exer-
cise. It became, therefore, prescribed law; not
written, but having all the force and obligation of
aw, as if it had been written in the statutes of
lhe Legislature. This, however, was no part of
the law under which thesegentlemen were elected.
It was simply a law winch determined the author-
ity of the presiding officer, and shows that in ex-
ercising the power of adjourning the convention
and calling it together of his own will, he acted
not in the exercise of usurped authority, but as
the oracle, the constituted mouth-piece of the con-
vention. When, therefore, the President of the
joint convention adjourned it, and called it together
a?ain, that was the act of the convention; it was
the act of their oracle, their authoritative mouth-
piece, acquiesced in by the convention. Not a
voice was heard to murmur or complain ofsit,
either to dispute his authority or to deny the fact,
which is unquestioned, as the proclamation of ad-
journment and the meeting together again would
infer.
Coming next to the powers of this convention,
I say it was a constitutional institution, formed
under the constitution of Indiana, with certain du-
ties and functions imposed on it, having the ordi-
nary powers of deliberative bodies, speaking and
acting through its presiding officer, in pursuance
of a usage which had the force of law, and having
all powers which like deliberative bodies pos-
sessed. It mattered not whether the power to
elect Senators was previously conferral on it by
statute or not. It derived its power from as high
a. source—the usage of previous Legislatures and
the unanimous acquiescence of the members. With
what higher sanction could power be conferred
than this? I will not now go into a detail of the
facts and incidents of this election. It is sufficient
to say that the joint convention thus organized,
unrestrained by law, governing itself according
to its constitutional usages, proceeded to the dis-
charge of this constitutional duty and consum-
mated the election of United States Senators. It
was done by the action of a majority of the quali-
fied electors of the two Houses. It is not neces-
sary, according to the view which I take, that
there should be a majority of each House concur-
ring in making the election. It so happens, how-
ever, that in this case, there was a majority of the
qualified electors of each House. There is no
question made as to the fact that there was a
large majority of the House of Representatives,
and the only point of dispute is as to the majority
of the Senate. I have said that 1 do not regard
this point, as material; but inasmuch as the facts
in regard to it answer, to a considerable extent,
the arguments of the Senator from Vermont, I will
notice it here.
The Senate of Indiana consists of fifty mem-
bers. One legally-elected member did not appear.
This left forty-nine seats. Three of these seats
were occupied by persons who, by the laws of
Indiana, could not take their seats, except by mere
usurpation, until the elections by which they
claimed seats were determined. One appeared
there without credentials at ail; and his admis-
sion appeared to me to be unprovoked and gra-
tuitous. Two others had the form of a certificate
of election; but, according to the lav/ of Indiana,
a legal contest had been instituted, and the effect
of that contest was to suspend whatever rights
they had acquired—to vacate and void the seats
until the contest was determined. That provision
of law was made to avoid the very mischief which
arose out of the usurpation of the Senate of Indiana
in this ease by the admission ofimproperpersons.
It was intended to prevent contests between a sit-
ting member on the one side and a contestant on
the other, and for that purpose it arrests and sus-
pends at once the election, and holds it up until
the result of the contestis determined. 1 take it for
granted, therefore, as a proposition which cannot
be successfully contested, that these three seats
were void because not legally filled; and, if filled,
they were filled by members who were such dc
acto only; they were filled by a proceeding which
was revolutionary and disorganizing; they were
filled by persons voted" in contrary to the forms
of law, and in violation of Us prescribed provis-
ions. I take it, then, that they formed no part
of the qualified electors of that select college of
suffragans,touse the language of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] on another occasion,
upon whom devolves the duty, and whose right it
is to elect United States Senators. Subtracting
from fifty the three members whose admission to
seats was a naked usurpation, the legal Senate of
Indiana consisted of forty-seven. On the occa-
sion of the election of the sitting members, there
were twenty-four members of the Senate who at-
tended, who followed the presiding officer, who
admitted themselves to be an organized conven-
tion, and as such complied with the invitation of
the House of Representatives. Those twenty-
four were a majority of forty-seven. Thus, Mr.
President, there was the concurring choice m fa-
vor of tne sitting members of both Houses of the
Indiana Legislature—the act of the majority con-
curring in the election within the meaning of the
Constitution of the United States.
The Senator from Vermont seems to indulge in
a kind of technical objection in his attempt to
construe the provision of the Constitution which
gives the State Legislatures power to prescribe
the manner of the election. He is, however, frank
enough to admit that the prescription of the mode
need not be by a statute. It may be five years;
it may be pne year; itmaybefive minutes; itmay
be the moment before the Legislature makes the
election. This point I lmve already illustrated. I
have shown that there was a joint convention of
the Indiana Legislature callcd by the constitution
of the State. The Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, regarding himself impelled to this
duty by constitutional obligation, sent an invita-
tion to the members of the Senate to 8ppear in the
convention, and take part in the election of the
United States Senators. They did appear: con-
sequently the election was the act of each House
of the Indiana Legislature, acquiesced in by the
members; land no one controverted the propriety
of the mode adopted. It needed no statute; it
needed no form of a joint resolution; it only needed
some plain and unmistakable act, which showed
the consent of the two Houses of the Legislature
to the act. Against this, and against the propo-
sition that the Senate acquiesced as a body, what
