2936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 11,
ratification, in any form, by each or either branch
of the Legislature acting in its separate capacity.
That being so, let us settle in this decision the
principle whether an election made under such
circumstances is a valid election or not. It seems
to me that this is exactly the place, and the proper
place, for the consideration of these principles,
because they are necessarily involved in the de-
cision to be made. The Senator from Missouri
says, "letus take up these abstract questions
and decide them hereafter." Why, sir, we should
not, as judges, be engaged in laying down ab-
stract principles of law not applicable to the case
in hand. Principles thus declared would be mere
dicta and without authority. This amendment,
m my judgment, covers the present case, and,
therefore, I have offered the proposition; and
upon it, I may as well say at this time what I
have to say in regard to the case; and I regret
that on so important a question the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Bayard,] who, I
understand, agrees with me, that the gentleman
claiming seats are not legally elected, does not
participate in this debate. He could present, much
better than I can expect to do, the reasons lor
such a conclusion, and I regret that he does not
think proper to do it. I remember very well, Mr.
President, that when a case somewhat similar to
this was pending, he opened his remarks with
this declaration. I quote it as applicable to this
case: .
"Mr. Bayard. If I dirt not consider the principle in-
volved in the decision to be made t>y tiie Senate in regaia
to the right ol the gentleman fiom Iowa to a beat in this
body, as thegravefctand most impoitant, mreferenf' lo the
organization of the Senate, that has ever come before us,
1 siionid not trouble tlie body with a single remark."
He regarded a similar question as one of the
gravest and most important that could come be-
fore this body; and now, as chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee, I know the Senate would feel
an interest in having his views upon this case. I
regret not to see him in his seat to-day, and pre-
senting them to the Senate.
I have another regret in regard to this matter;
which is, that so important a question as this is |
to be argued before so thm a Senate. Our argu- j
ments on this question are not, as is sometimes
said of discussions on other subjects, for Bun- |
combe; they are for ourselves; and here, upon ;
this important question which you and 1, sir, are
to decide as judges, and every individual member
is to decide as a judge, how few do we see in the
Senate to listen to the case and examine its facts.
I could wish that Senators would examine it.
What the Senator from Delaware said in the Iowa
case is eminently true: this is a case which goes
to the organization of this body; and though you
may refuse to declare the principle upon which
you decide it in a clear and a tangible form, yet
the fact that you have decided it, and the fact that
the persons hold seats, or are refused seats, under
the circumstances, will be an important one to the
countiy. Although I have paid particular atten-
tion to this case from the fact that the papers were
originally intrusted to me by the Senate of Indi-
ana, I am almost discouraged from attempting
to argue it, when I see how little possible effect
any examination of the facts or any views I may
present, can have on the Senate when so many of
us members are absent; yet, sir, I feel that I have
a duty to discharge in connection with it. I wish
to say here that I have no other feeling about it
than to decide it rightly. 1 am glad that we are
coming to a decision of the ease upon its merits,
not to cavil about disputed points; and 1 trust we
may decide it upon principle. If the gentlemen
holding seats are entitled to them, if I can see that
ihey are entitled to them, I shall cheerfully so
vote. If not, if the best consideration I have been
able to give their case from the time it was first
presented, satisfies me that they are not entitled
u> their seats, of course they cannot expect,and
J cannot give, a vote in their favor.
Now, sir, what are the facts? We must have
a clear idea of the facts of a case before we can
properly decide it. The gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mr. Pcgh] has gone over them. He has not
misstated any material fact that 1 am aware of, but
at the sanie time has stated many facts which, I
think, are caicuiatcd rather to confuse than give a
clear idea of the case. For instance, the Senator,
in his statement of facts, occupied a good deal of
time to show that there was a great disorder on
the day the Senate of Indiana first met, before it
was organized. Sir, have we anything to do with
that? It was at one time sought to be made an
important question by an assumption that the
Senate consisted of only forty-seven members.
That was the chief ground on which one of the
claimants originally placed his right to aseat,ina
written statement filed for the purpose of taking
testimony in regard to the organization of the
Senate and the joint meeting by which he was
elected, wherein he alleged that " he was elected
whilst in such joint convention by a majority of
the legally qualified members of the Senate of the
! State, and of the legally qualified members of
the House of Representatives respectively. He
made that statement, and it was on that state-
ment that testimony was sought to be obtained.
Well, sir, the testimony has been taken, and it
has swept away the points then made. It mat-
ters not what was done in the organization of the
Senate of Indiana on the morning of the day
when it met. If there were disorder, confusion, ^
and irregularity, they were all cured by theregu-
lar organization which was subsequently effected. :
Can the irregularity on the morning that the Sen-
ate met, the 8th of January, 1857, have, by pos-
sibility, anything to do with the legality of the
election which occurred on the 4th of February
following, if, in the mean time, the Senate was
regularly organized3 If nol, why dwell upon
such facts? To bring the facts distinctly before
the Senate as to what did occur in the organiza-
tion of the State Senate on the day it first met, I
will read from the testimony of Governor Wil-
lard. In answer to this question:
"State what Senators held over, and what persons were
sworn into oliice oil that day as Senators, and t>y whom.'
I have held a seat in this body, I have seen Sen-
ators sworn in without the presentation of any
credentials, the Senate being satisfied of their elec-
tion, notwithstanding the omission to file a certifi-
cate of the fact. Does that invalidate the title of
the Senator to a seat? But, sir, each of the three
Indiana Senators whose seats were contested
were, at a subsequent period of the Legislature,
declared, by majorities of six or eight, to be entitled
to their seats, and were confirmed in them, after in-
vestigation, by distinct and separate votes in each
case. It was not before the election ofTJnited States
Senators that that decision was made; but I sup-
pose that isa matterof no sort of importance. They
were regularly qualified on the afternoon of the
first day of the session. I take it it is so manifest
to every candid and impartial mind that any irreg-
ularity in the morning of the day when the Sen-
ate met could not affect the legality of the organ-
ization of the Senate regularly in the afternoon
of the same day, that I will be pardoned for not
dwelling on that point further. The three State
Senators whose seats were contested were ad-
mitted like the Senatois from Indiana in this body,
who have been acting with us for more than a
year. Does anybody contend that their action
as Senators has been illegal here, even if the Sen-
ate sluuld now decide, on an examination of the
case, that they were not entitled to their seats?
Such is not the law, and will not be contended
for by any one. They are Senators in fact, and
their acts are binding, whatever may be our de-
cision to-day when we come to take a vote on
their ultimate right to retain seats in this body.
Then the Senate of Indiana consisted of fiity
members, and the House of Representatives, as
I all admit, consisted of one hundred. The sitting
! Senators were elected in this wise. By the con-
I stitution of Indiana, it is declared that:
! " In voting for Governor and Lieutenant (Jovernor, the
electors shall designate for whom they vote as Governor,
and for whom as Lieutenant Governor. The returns of
every election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor s-hall
be sealed up and tiansmitteil to the seat of government, dl-
reeted to the Speaker ot' the !lou-e of Kepi esentaiives, who
fhall open and pubh=h them m the presence of both Houses
ol" the General Assembly."
The presence of the two Houses to witness the
opening of the votes for Governor, &c., is called
by the Senator from Ohio a joint convention. The
constitution does not so term it. If merely de-
clares the duty of the piesiding officer, which is
to open and publish the votes in the presence of
the members of both Houses. The next section
provides that:
" The persons respectively havina the highest number of
votes lor Governor and Lieutenant Governor .-.ball be elect-
ed ; but in case two or moie persons shah have an equal,
and the lnghe-t, number ol voles for either office, the Gen-
eral Assembly shall, by joint vole, forthwith proceed to elect
one of the said pei-on  Governor or Lieutenant Governor,
as the ease may be."
In this particular case the contingency did not
arise. The canvass of votes showed that Mr.
Willard was elected Governor, and Mr. Ham-
mond Lieutenant Governor, and they were so de-
clared. There was an end of the meeting. It
was functus officio. It had discharged its duty. It
could be adjourned for no other purpose under
heaven, either by its presiding officer, or by a
majority of its members. The " summons," as
it was termed by the Senator from Ohio, under
which a portion of the Senate went to the House
of Representatives, was an invitation on the part
of the Speaker, or a notice to the President of the
Senate, that at such a time he would open these
votes, an^ inviting the Senate, with their presid-
ing officer, to be present—not to do any business
—not to adjourn the convention—not to do any-
thing under heaven hut to see hirn open these
votes. Suppose all the Senate went there: when
   -   — .j i the votes were opened, and some one individual
an'd.Te^ri'sh'ouid forget it, l'willmemtion it right ;j had a majority for each place, the duties for which
! Governor Willard said:
i " The Senators who held over were : Samuel 1. Ituss,
i W. C. TaikiiiKlnn.Lo Hoy Wood-, Uicliaid I) Slatei, A. !
I K. MeCleaiy, John Ma'hes, A.J. Hosteller, William Mans-
i field, VV. Li' liichauhon, C. K. Diew, George VV. Blown, :
! James F. Suit. David Crane, G. W. Chapman, John It. ,
I (havens, J. T. Freciand, David R. Bearss. Algernon S. ;
; Griff"*, John Weston. I'. S. Sasre, S. T. Ensey, D. LI.
Grouse, Lewis Buik, James P. Faiker, and J.J - Ale\an- |
; dcr, who was not piesent on that daj—m all twenty-five.
| The Senator^ who wete sworn jn on that day weie : James '
1 e. Wilson, Archibald Johnson, David Saunders Goodm?, ;
,! Lrwh Wallace, David McClure, Robeit W. Fisk, Hugh
Miller. John Slater, Horace IleUren, William E. McJ^ean,
John Hargrove—all these were sworn in hv me as presid- j
ine officer of the Senate. Charles D. Murray, Walter .
March, Alanson W. Kendrv, John F. Stevens, Isaac Km- i
ley, John Green, Morgan H. Weir, Solomon Blair, Daniel j
Hill, John Yarvon, John S. Bobbs, Isaac A. Rice, Stanley j
Cooper, and John Thompson, were sworn in hy Samuel B. j
Gookm«, a judge of the &upietno court, under the direction
of Lewis Uurk. in the forenoon of that day.
" In the afternoon of the same day all the last-named
Senatois, who had sworn under the order ol Senator Burk,
with the exception of Mr. Stanley Cooper, wer«, under my
ordet, svvoin in by Judge Gookms, as Senators. After-
wards, under the order of the Senate, I administered the
oath to Stanley Cooper; making in all, including the Sena-
tor* holding over,fifty."
In answer to another question, be said:
" I was at the time Lieutenant Governor of the State,
and, as such, presiding officer of the Senate, and was pres-
ent all the tune on that day when any business was done."
Again :
" All the men above named acted as Senators during that
session, as lar as I am informed, at least I never heard of j
the death of any of thorn ; no resignation of any of them
was filed with me, and no expulsion of any of them was
certified to me."
This evidence makes out forty-nine Senators.
The Senator who was absent, and was one of the
, Senators holding over, Mr. Alexander, as appears
i by the journal which I have here, appeared a day
or two afterwards in his seat.
Now, sir, we have got so far in the investi-
gation, that the Senate of Indiana was regularly-
organized on the afternoon of the day when it
convened, the 8th of January, 1857. There is
no doubt of that. It consisted of fifty Senators.
The Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,]
here, as it is in this connection—says, that three (
persons were not qualified as Senatois. How is <
that? The constitution of the State of Indiana |
declares that—
Each House *hall judge the election, qualifications, and
r<nuru- of in own members."
Each House decides it. That is the constitu-
tion. I shall not inquire whether all the Senators
had certificates of election or not; it is wholly im-
material. Surely no Senator of the United States
will undertake to revise the decisions of the Sen-
ate of Indiana as to the qualification of us own
members. Why, sir, during the short period that
they had assembled were ended.
Now, sir, this meeting on the 12th of January
had nothing to do with the election of Senators,
and I trust that the few Senators who give nie
their attention will remember the date when it
took place,the 12th of Januiuy, while the election
of Senators took place on the 4th of February
following. The two meetings had no connection
with each other, and it is not very material how
many Senators followed the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor to witness the opening of the votes for Gov-
ernor. In point of fact the number of Senators
who went into the House of Representatives at
