1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
tied to the satisfaction of England and Prance;
war is to be made, or threatened, upon Spain,
on some pretense; Cuba is to be our indemnity
for claims against her; and the consideration to
the South for the loss of " free Kansas" as well.
That is the programme. The extreme of Cuba,
sir, is nearer the coast of Guinea than is our
southern main; and even though the slave trade
may remain prohibited—as it will ever rerftain—
it will be quite as easy for slavers to slip through
the Gulf squadron as it was for Walker and his
" cankers of a calm world and a long peace,"
especially if its future commander be less a mat-
ter-of-fact man than was Commodore Paulding—
one who understands that words of instructions are
intended to cover and conceal orders.
But, sir, such an argument, plausible as it may
appear, will not settle these questions; the idea
is delusive; it will protract the agitation rather.
The field of action will be widened and extended;
it will have more verge and scope; there will be
more land for freedom to possess, and the tropics
may become the theater of its highest achieve-
ments in the ascendency of liberty and law.
For freedom throughout this Union, and over
all this vast continent, is manifest destiny.
Mr. CRAWFORD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. PHELPS, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Greenwood reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 5) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1859, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved that the
House adjourn.
KENTUCKY RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a moment, to enable me
to introduce certain joint resolutions from the Le-
gislature of Kentucky.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will withdraw it
for that purpose.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kentucky, in relation to the
soldiers of the Revolution, and of the war of 1812;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM HOWELL.
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill for the
relief of William Howell, of the State of Tennes-
see; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ANDREW J. FLEINJMING.
Mr. REILLY, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, mtrodnced a bill for the
relief of Andrew J. Flemming, of Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
WASHINGTON RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution of the
Territorial Assembly of Washington Territory,
relative to the Territories of Washington and
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the joint resolution of the same body^ela-
tive to a geological survey by Dr. John Evans;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered t' be printed.
COURT-HOUSE, ETC., AT TYLER, TEXAS.
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
provide for a building for the accommodation of
the courts of the United States and post office at
Tyler, in the State of Texas; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
And then, on motion of Mr. JOHN COCH-
RANE, (at lour o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 24, 1858.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
* The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communicat-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
a statement showing what officers of the Army,
belonging to the several regiments in service in the
field, or at remote or frontier stations, are now
absent from duty, and the cause of such absence;
which was, on motion of Mr. Wilson, ordered to
lie on the table; and a motion by him to print it,
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of Frank-
lin Kellsey, praying that an appropriation maybe
made for building, equipping, and testing a steam-
boat on a scientific model invented by him; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial
of Alexander B. Hagner and Daniel R. Hagner,
guardians of the infant children of the late Major
J. R. Hagner, United Slates Army, praying that
ihey may be allowed a pension; which was le-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Joseph
E. Cole, praying the establishment of a line of mail
steamers between Baltimore and St. Thomas, in
the West Indies; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr, DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Henry Cordier and others, citizens of the United
States, praying that the public lands may cease
to be regarded as a source of revenue to the Gov-
ernment, and that all entries thereof may be con-
fined to actual settlers; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. KING presented a remonstrance of cit-
izens of Buffalo, New York, against the granting
of public lands to corporations, and praying that
they may be retained for actual settlers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial adopted at
a meeting of citizens of Clark county, Missouri,
remonstrating against the diversion of the lands
granted by Congress for the improvement of the
Des Aloines river from that object, and the appli-
cation of those lands by the State of Iowa to any
other purpose than that for which those lands
were granted; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a petition of the
city of New Orleans, praying that the title to cer-
tain lands bequeathed to that city and the city of
Baltimore may be confirmed by the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the city of New
Orleans, praying Congress to relinquish to that
city the interest of the United States in certain
lands bequeathed to the cities of New Orleans and
Philadelphia, by the late Stephen Girard; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of John
Frink, praying for the remission of certain fines
and forfeitures imposed under his contract for
carrying the mail; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, in relation to the Pacific rail-
road and in favor of a donation of land to the
Territory of Nebraska for the construction of rail-
roads; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of a grant of land to aid in
the construction of the Prairie du Chien and Man-
kota railroad; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of a grant of laud to aid in
the construction of the Lansing, Northern Iowa,
and Southern Minnesota railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial and joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Iowa, in behalf of James
B.Thomas and his family,'who were sufferers
by Indian depredations; which were referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, in favor of a weekly over-
land mail route from some point in Texas to San
Diego, in California; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
- He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in favor of the establishment of
mail coaches from Tyler to Waco, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in favor of adopting measures for
having the Indians of Texas, west of the Pecos
river, collected upon the reserve provided forthom;
which was referred to the Committee ofi Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas in favor of the establishment of a
military post, at or near the junction of the larger
Wicliitaand Red rivers, and the adoption of other
measures for preventing Indian depredations on
the frontier of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in favor of the erection of buildings
for post offices and the use of the United States
courts in that State, and also the establishment
of another judicial district therein; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James Baldwin, on the files
of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate relat-
ing to the pnvate land claim of R. E. Edwards,be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That Edward Harte have leave to withdraw his
petition and papeit?.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That J. R. St. J. Gregory have leave to with-
draw Jus petition and papers.
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RcsoUcd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po«t Roads be anthoi ized to cause to he printed, for the use
of the Post Office Department, twelve hundred copies of
the report of the Postmaster General with the appendix,
and three hundred copies of the same report without the
appendix.
WASHINGTON CITY POLICE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, -and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on the Di?lrict of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law J'or the establishment, under the authoiity and
control of the Government of the United States, of an effi.
cient police in the city of Washington.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. POLK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill in relation to conflicting
land claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
165) authorizing the construction of a dry-dock
for the naval service; which was read twice by
j its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
< Affairs.
| REPORTS OF COMMITTEES#
Mr. IYERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of David
Gordon, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Eleazer
Williams, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 166) for the relief of Eleazer Wil-
liams. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S.No. 42)
to provide for the construction of a custom-house,
court-house, and post office in Trenton, in the
State of New Jersey, reported it without amend-
