1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1913
Senator from Tennessee, in relation to the Dis-
trict of Columbia banks, prohibiting them from
issuing bank-notes, and I shall feel it to be my
duty to press that bill on the consideration of the
Senate. I understand from the chairman of the
Committee on Finance that the Indian appropri-
ation bill is of an ordinary character, and not likely
to lead to any discussion. Under these circum-
stances I shall vote with him. I regret that the
Senator from Alabama should not have pressed
the consideration of his bill to-day. I am told that
the Indian bill will not lead to any lengthy dis-
cussion. I shall, therefore, now- vote for the post-
ponement of prior orders; but hereafter I shall act
in concert with my friends from Tennessee and
Alabama, in insisting on the regular order of busi-
ness as it is upon the Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In connection
with what the Senator from Louisiana has said,
I desne to remark that if it is understood that we
shall afterwards take up the Calendar and go on
with business m regular order, I am willing to con-
sent, if it is more agreeable to the Senate", to take
up the Indian bill first, as it is only to occupy a
short time.
Mr. HUNTER. All I can say is, that I can-
not pledge myself not to move for the considera-
tion of the appropriation bills when they are ready.
The Senate, of course, will determine by a ma-
jority.
Mr. KING. The yeas and nays having been
called, and the object of this vote being-to deteim-
me whether wc shall take up the homestead bill,
I shall vote against the postponement simply with
a view to take up the homestead bill. I desne to
see whether the appropriation bills are constantly
to postpone the special orders. Unless that bill
can be taken up at a reasonably early day of those
now remaining to us, it will be lost. We have
notice that it is to be tk strangled" in the two
Houses. As a test question, whether we are to
get it up in good faith and have a vote on it, I
shall vote against postponing the special oiders,
with the understanding that it is to eome up.
Mr. CLAY. No, the fishing bounties bill comes
up first.
Mr. KING. I understand the fishing bounties
bill, on account of the absence of some Senators,
will not be taken up. I shall vote to postpone.
Mr. CLAY. I shall ask the Senate to proceed
with that bill, if the postponement be not agreed
to, unless the Senate choose to postpone it for the
absent Senator who desires to be here.
Mr. KING. Let the Senate decide.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—]\IesM*s. Alic.n, Bayaul, Benjamin, -Ois'gs Dialer,
Blown, Clay, Oritfeiiucn, Divori. Evjuw. Fir/patiirk. Tos-
tet, Green, Owui, Hammond, Haiian, Houston, Hunter,
Iveison, Kennedy, Mason. Folk, Hebasnan, and Siuieli — 24.
NAYS—BiodenckjCiundler, Do-ilittlo, Dmkoe,
Johnson of Tenne^-ee, King, Pugh, aewaid, Stuait,Trum-
bull, and Wade—11.
So the motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 5) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the 1 ndian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with vanous Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that this is the
regular bill to carry out treaties—all according to
law. The Committee on Finance oiler no amend-
ments to it.
Mr, SIMMONS. How much is the amount
appropriated ?
Mr. HUNTER. "Between twelve and thirteen
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. BIGGS. Has the bill been read ?
The PRESIDENT piu tempore. Only by its
title.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to hear it all.
The Secretary read the bill at length.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that this bill will
not be suffered to pass without some examination
and understanding of it. I admit that I have not
been able to look carefully into the bill at all; my
attention had not been turned to it until it was
called up to-day; but it is a bill appropriating, as
I understood from the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, over a million dollars; and I under-
stood hun also to say that it was merely to carry out
the law, and that it was a bill about which there
coaid be no controversy. At this time, when our
expenses have run up to almost a hundred mil-
lions a year, and we are borrowing the money to
pay them, and when, as has been intimated in
the Senate to-day, in addition to the §90,000,000
which we have borrowed during the present ses-
sion, a new loan bill is soon to be before us, I am
not willing to take these bills by the wholesale
withoutan examination, and I think if we look into
them we shall very likely find that there is as great
abuse in the Indian department, as m the other
departments of the Government. We know that
the expenses for the Army and the Navy have
run up enormously, and that officers have been
making contracts without authority of law, in-
volving the Government to the extent of hundreds
of thousands and millions of dollars. On the sec-
ond page of tins bill, I find this item:
" For the pav of the several Indian sub-agents, per act ©f
31st July, 1854, §10,500."
I have before me that act; it is an appropriation
bill, containing, however, some general legislation;
but I do not find that that act created any obliga-
tion upon the Government to pay'$10,500 to sub-
agents. I also find in the sixth section of that
act, a provision authorizing the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint certain Indian agents
(six m all) at salaries, as provided in the next sec-
tion, of $1,500 each. There is the creation of an
office, intended I suppose to be a permanent office,
which the President is authorized to appoint, and
it would be the duty of subsequent Congresses to
j provide for the payment of the salary of that offi-
cer; but there is no provision in the act of the 31st
| of July, 1854, creating the office of sub-agent as a
! permanent office at all. If you will look to that
act you will find that there is an appropiiation
" for the pay of four Indian sub-agents m Oregon
Territory, at an annual salary of §1,000 each," and
another clause " for the pay of two Indian sub-
agents in Washington Territory, for six months,
ending June 30th, 1854, $1,000.*' These appro-
priations were made to pay I suppose for some
specific service performed at that time, but I ask
the Chairman or the Finance Committee if it was
the intention of Congress to create six permanent
offices of Indian sub-agents, by simply making
an appropiiation to pay for a few of them fur that
single year? That is the way our expenses arc
swelled up. Owing perhaps to some extraordi-
nary service which was required that year in
Washington and in Oregon Territories, sub-agents
were employed, and the Congress of the United
States thought proper to make an appropriation
to pay them for that year; but was that intended
to be the creation of a permanent office ?
This bill says, " for the pay of the several
sub-agents per act of 31st July, 1854." Now, I
should like the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance to show me what provision in the act of
1854 authorized the permanent establishment of
sub-agents, or created such an office. It i-s very
easy to see how our expenses are swelled by this
sort of legislation. If Congress, for some reason,
appropriates money one year for a specific pur-
pose, has it come to this, that Congress, for all
future time, must appropriate the same amount
of money for that purpose, and does the appro-
priation of money at one session of Congress
make it obligatory on all subsequent Congresses
to appropriate the same thing? Is it to carry out
any provision of law when wc make the next ap- !
propiiation? If Congress, this year, appropriates 1
a million dollars to build a dome on tins Capi-
itol. does that impose an obligation to appropri-
ate a million next year ? If it pays two sub-agents
in Oregon, for six months service, $1,000 in 1854,
does that impose any obligation m 1858 to em-
ploy sub-agents and pay them ? I think the dis- ,
tiaction is very clear in this act of July 31, 1854, ,
between a permanent officer and one employed j
for a temporal y purpose. There is no foundation i
in the act, as I understand and construe it, for ,
an appropriation of §10,500 for the payment of
sub-agents}, because no such officers are created
by the act. _
There are numerous other items in this bin,
which may he founded upon estimates, but they
are not founded upon laws. Here is one:
" Foi pioseiits to Indians, $o,OO0."
That may be very proper; I do not know but
that it is; 'but is there any law requiring it?
Again:
" For provision? for Indian?, $11,800."
This does not appear to be by virtue of any act
of Congress. I find'on the third an item of
$30,000—for what? - * -
" For insurance, transportation, and necessary .expenses
of delivery or' annuities, goods, and provisions, to the Indian
tribes in Minnesota, Michigan, and Wisconsin.''
Now, for aught I know, it may have cost,that;
but it looks to me like a very large sum to appro-
priate $30,000 as a payment for insurance, trans-
portation, and necessary expenses of delivering the
annuities to the Indians in Michigan, Wisconsin,
and Minnesota. I doubt not that the chairman of
the committee has looked into this matter, and. I
hope he will be able to give the Senate some in-
formation in regard to it. Here is another item:
" Contingencies of the Indian department, .$36,500."
I am not prepared now to go through with this
bill. 1 only instance these items to show its char-
acter, and I should like to know, and I call upon
the committee having these bills in charge, to know
if there is no way to reduce these expenses. Are
we to go on forever making the same appropria-
tions, merely because a former Congress has done
it? I hope not. I voted for appropriations at the
last Congress which I would' not vote for now;
and I hope the fact that my vote was cast for ap-
propriations then is not to be given now as a rea-
son why I should vote for similar appropriations.
The circumstances are different. Then the Treas-
ury was full. It is a great evil to have the money
of the country hoarded up by the Government.
I was anxious to deplete the Treasury, and voted
larger sums than I should be willing to vote .at
another time when we have to borrow money in
order to meet the appropriations.
Without undertaking to discuss this bill at all,
having called attention to these few items, I trust
the bill will not be pressed to-day; but that it will
be laid aside after the Senate shall have proceeded
so far as it maybe deemed advisable to do to-day,
and leave the matter open, that it may be exam-
ined into more carefully, and let us act upon it
to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator chooses to in-
sist on laying the bill over, and the Senate is dis-
posed to indulge him, I am sure I can have no
objection; but if he requires time for this bill, I
do not know how much he will wantfor the others
that are to come up; for, in truth, nearly the
whole of it is to carry out treaty stipulations, and
is in pursuance of law.
In regard to the appropriation for the Indian
sub-agents, there are a few such appropriations.
The same necessity exists for sub-agents now as
heretofore. The sub-agents arc distributed as fol-
lows: three for the tribes in California, four for
the tribes in Oregon Territory, two for the tribes
in Washington Territory. They have been es-
tablished not by regular law, saying there shall
be so many, but fiom 1854 up to this time we
have appropriated for that number, and we have
appropriated the sum which is now asked. I see
no objection to that. The same reason which ex-
isted then exists now. We have as many Indians
to take care of—as many in the very Territories
for which these sub-agents were appointed.
Next, as to the provisions: he will find that
that is provided for bylaw. There isa discretion
given to the President by the law of 1834,1 think
it is, in regard to furnishing rations and provis-
ions to the Indians when they come to the posts.
This, I believe, is the usual appropriation. So of
contingencies. It is impossible that we can pro-
vide by law what shall be the appropriation for
contingencies. We give this year what we gave
last year. It is true that, m the recapitulation,
the Secretary says he asks $Q,000 more this year
than he did last year; but when the Committee
on Finance came to examine the estimate for the
last year, they found the estimate the same then
as now. Probably, as it has just occurred to me,
we may have cut down the estimate $2,000 last
year; 6ut the estimate is the same this year as
last—$36,500 for contingencies. The Senator will
find, when he comes to examine the bill, that the
greater part of it is simply to carry out. treaty
stipulations; that, in legard to these items, they
are appropriations which have been repeated from
year to year by Congress, not because there was
a standing law establishing so many officers, but
because the necessity which existed when the
appropriation was first made has continued to
exist since that time.
But, sir, if any Senator says he desires time to
