1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
look into an appropriation bill numbering as many
pages as this,J feel that I cannot press it. I only
know that by laying it over until to-morrow, we
shall come into conflict with those gentlemen who
have special orders, and we shall have another
fio-ht to get it up. If they are willing it shall be
laid over, I am. If the Senator chooses to move
to postpone it, and make it the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock, to take precedence of
all others, I shall not oppose that proposition;
but I think if there is any bill that is likely to be
presented here this year which would not require
a very close scrutiny, this is the one. There is
a supplemental bill coming up from the House to
which the Senator might well direct his attention,
but here I think he will see nothing to object to
after he has made his examination.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make an
inquiry in regard to the appropriation for these
sub-agents—whether there is any evidence that
such officers are required other than simply the
estimate of the Department for them ? The Sen-
ate will bear in mind, and also the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, that the officer making
this estimate is not the-one who has particular
charge of the Indian department. It may be that
these sub-agents are required; but it certainly is
a very objectionable mode of legislation, that we
are to create officers in this way by simply appro-
priating money one year to pay them for some
extraordinary service. I am not prepared to agree
to that appropriation of §10,500. It may be said
that it is a small sum, not worth caviling about;
but it is the principle I am after. I wish to know
whether there is any evidence that this is needed
as a permanent office ? If so, let us create it; and
not simply, by appropriating money, pay for an
officer that does not exist by law.
Mr. HUNTER. In 1854 we created throe sub-
agents for California, four for the tribes in Ore-
gon Territory, and two for the tribes of Wash-
ington Territory. These were crcated upon the
suggestion of the Commissionerof Indian Affairs
and the Secretary of the Interior, that they were
necessary. They have estimated for them as
being necessary ever since, and that is as good a
reason for repeating the appropriation from year
to year as if there were a permanent law. It is,
erhaps, better that such offices as these should
ie provided for in this way than by a permanent
law, because they may not always be wanted—
changes take place in the Indian tribes. You may
now dispense with one here, and another one may
be wanted there. Probably the best mode of pro-
viding for them is merely from year to year, as
has been done in regard to those ever since 1854.
I can give no better reason than that. It is satis-
factory to my mmd, and has been to the Senate
for the last three or four years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to record my vote
against the passage of the bill; and I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Allen, Bayard. Bell, Eoniamm,
Bigier, Bright, Btown, Clay, Uollamet, Cnttenden, Evans,
Fessenden, Fitzpatuck, Uammond, Houston, Hunter, tver
son, Johnson ol Atkansas. Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,
Kennedy, Mason, Polk, Sebaslian, and Shdoll—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bioderick, Durkee, Foot, Foster, Harlan,
King, Pugh, Trumbull, and V\ ade—-9.
So the bill was passed.
HUNGARIAN SETTLERS IN IOWA.
Mr. HAR.LAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to' whom was referred the bill (S. No.
300) for the relief of the Hungarian settlers upon
certain tracts of land in Iowa, hitherto reserved-
from sale by order of the President, dated Janu-
ary 22, 1855, have directed me to report it with-
out amendment. This is a bill which requires
immediate action, if anythingisto be done. The
case is simply this: some tune since Congress
authorized the President to withhold a township
of land from sale, for the benefit of certain Hun-
garian refugees; this land has been occupied by
the poorer portion of these reservoes; but recently
it has been ordered into market and is to bo sold
on the 17th of this month. This bill provides for
their relief merely by giving them the liberty to
file preemption claims as other settlers. I ask that
the bill may be considered at once.
I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall object
to the present consideration of the bill. I agreed,
as far as I was concerned, that the gentleman
should have leave to report it, but I cannot con-
sent to its passage.
Mr. JONES. I hope my friend from Arkansas
will withdraw his objection. I ask the Chair,
however, whether a single objection has the effect
to pass the bill over?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
Yes, sir, as the bill has just been reported.
Mr. JONES. The lands are to come into mar-
ket, and unless the bill be passed very soon, it
will be of no use to these settlers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I agreed that
the bill might be reported, with the understanding
that I was not to be asked to support it. 1 know
nothing of the bill. I think, as a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, I ought to know
what it is.
Mr. JONES. It came from your committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe only
three members of the committee know anything
about it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion is
out of ordei. The bill goes over, objection being
made.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 3, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
CHANGE OF HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That on and after "Wednesday next, the House
will meet daily at tiie hour of eleven o'clock, a m.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ob ject.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move tliat the rules be
suspended in order that the resolution may be in-
troduced.
The House was divided;and there were—ayes
73, noes 32.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is no quorum voting,
and I therefore demand tellers.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it. was decided in
the aliiiillative—yeas 94, nays 39, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Avery. Barksdale, Bilhnghm-st, Ilingham, Bliss, Boyce,
Biaytori, Buttinton, Burns, Case, John B. Ciaik, dawson,
Clemens, John Coehtane, Comins, Curtis, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dewnit, Dowdcll, Edmundson,
English, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, Giddm^s, Gilmer, Good-
win. Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Iliekman, Howard,
Illluhes, Jackson, Jewett, Geoijie W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kelloa". Kelsey, Kalgorc, Knapp, i,a-
mai, Lawrence, Leach, Letter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Hum-
pluei Alaishail. Mason, Moigan, Ktlwaul Joy Morns, Isaac
N. Mollis, Fieeman II. Moisc, Niblack, Palmer, -Pcttit,
Peyton, Phelps, 1'ike, lteilly, Etcaud. Ritchie, Itoyce, Rus-
sell, Scales, Scott. Seivaid, John Sherman, Judson W.
Sherman, Shorter. Samuel A. Smittl, StalUvorth, Stephens,
William Stewaif, George Taylor, Tompkins, Tnppe. Un-
derwood, Wade,Waibrid<ie,Walton, Cadvraladei C. Wash-
bum, Watkins, White, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke,
am! Augustus It. Wn^lit—94.
NAYS—Messis. Adiain, lionnett, Blair, Branch, Bryan,
M Buihncamc, Ezt.x Clark, Horace F. Ciaik, Clay, Clingman,
Coilav, Buiton Ciaige. Davis of Mat viand, Davis of Indi-
! ana, Dean, Dotld, Glow, Italian, Thomas L Harris, Hatch,
' i Hawkins, floiton, Houston. Kelly, Leidy, MeCiueen, iVIay-
naid, Nichols, Parker, Ready, Reasian. ISuffin, Anion Shaw,
Singleton, Tappan, Kllihu I? W islibunic. Israel Wash-
burn, Winslow, anil ZolheofFur—39,
So the rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that bis colleague,
Mr. Dawes, had paired oft' with Mr. Qjtitman,
of Mississippi, until Friday next; and that his
colleague, Mr. Gooen, had paired off with Mr.
Ronhasi, of South Carolina, for one week from
Wednesday next.
Mr. COBB said that he was not within the bar
when his name was called. He was detained at
the Departments with business of his constituents.
If he had been here he would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Waldron, of Michigan, until Wednes-
day next.
Mr. GARTRELL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
SESSIONS OF JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOUSTON. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to ask permission of the
House that the committee may hold its sessions
during the sessions of the House. The commit-
tee have been meeting almost every morning the
entire session. We have many witnesses before
us, and we could hardly get through their exam-
ination in the morning hours heretofore allowed
us. One hour being now taken away by the res-
olution just adopted, it will be mi possible to com-
plete our examination of witnesses unless the
House give us permission to sit during its ses-
sions.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to give
notice to the House that to-morrow, after the ex-
piration of the morning hour, I shall move to pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table,
with a view to take up the bill for the admission
of Minnesota into the Union.
I also ask the unanimous consent of the House
to introduce the usual resolution setting apart
two days for the consideration of territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] to allow the Minnesota bill
to go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and be made the special order from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That can be
done to-morrow, if the House is disposed to do it.
Mr. GROW. A single objection will prevent
it then.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to put
the bill immediately upon its passage.
The resolution of Mr. Stephens was then read;
as follows:
Resolved, That Wednesday and Thursday of next week,
the 12th and Kith nistant.be, and the same are heieby, set
apart for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
The rules were suspended—two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now offer the
resolution, and call the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. BILLTNGHURST obtained the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin will allow me to make
one further motion. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House—and I suppose there will be no ob-
jection now—to make a report from the commit-
tee of fifteen upon Kansas matters—that it, to-
gether with the views of the minority of the same
committee, may be printed and go upon the Jour-
nal.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope there will
be no objection. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] left with me the views of the mi-
nority upon his side of the House to present to
the House. I hope there will be no objection.
Those gentlemen of the committee who acted
with me are in favor of it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate; but do not
object to the report being made.
The SPEAKER. Objection is not withdrawn.
