2938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will stjate to him my proposition. I con-
sider that that first meeting of the two Houses
in the hall of the House of Representatives for
the purpose of counting the votes was a joint
convention, and considering it a joint convention,
I considered the record properly kept by the cleric
of the House, where the joint convention was
held. The Senator says that first meeting was
not a joint convention. The statute of the State
of Indiana, which my friend from Ohio read,
expressly states that the two Houses shall meet
injointconvention arid induct the Governor into
office; and that is what is done. The statute of
the State calls it a joint convention, and I there-
fore termed it so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have before me the stat-
ute touching official oaths, which I understood
the Senator from Ohio to refer to. That merely
declares that—
" The members of the General Assembly shall take such
oath before taking their seats, and the Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor shall take such oath, in presence of both
Houses of the Geneiai Assembly in convention, and the
same shall be entered on the journals thereof."
That is the statute which I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to allude to, and it will be seen
that the oath is required to be entered on the jour-
nal of each House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The two Houses of the
General Assembly in convention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In one sense it is a con-
vention. The two Houses convene together to
see the oath administered. Thatno more makes
them a joint convention for the transaction of
business than does the requirement of the consti-
tution, which declares that the Speaker shall open
the votes in the presence of both branches.
Then, I take it, there being no record in the
Senate journal of any joint convention, or of any
meeting in which the Senate of Indiana has par-
ticipated for the election of a United States Sen-
ator, no Senators have been elected by the concur-
rence of the Senate. Not only is this proven
negatively by an examination of the Senate jour-
nal, but we have the affirmative action of the Sen-
ate disavowingany intention to go into an election.
Then this case comes simply to this, and here is
all there is of it: is an election of United States
Senators valid, as has been contended by s®me,
and in one part of his argument was insisted upon
by the Senator from Ohio, when made by a ma-
jority of individuals composing the Legislature
of a State, meeting; together, as he says, after due
notice of the time and place of meeting, and when
snch meeting for that purpose isnot in pursuance
of any law of the State, or agreement of the two
branches of i'.s Legislature, or either of them act-
ing m its organized capacity, but in defiance of
the action of one branch, and not participated in
by a quorum of either House, or a majority of
one House? If it is, then this election is valid,
and the Senators from Indiana arc justly entitled j
to their seats*. But, sir, I cannot bring my mind j
to such aconc,lusion;and, now, why ? The Con- ;
stimtion of the United States declares:
" The Senate of the f Tinted States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thcreol."
The fourth section of the same article declares:
<k The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senatuis, and Representatives shall be pre-^eiibed in each
State by the Legi^lamie thoieof; but the Congress may, at
any time, by la\v,maUe or alter such regulations, except as
to tlio places ot choo-mg Senators."
Congress has not acted on the subject, and there-
fore m this case the election,under the Constitu-
tion of the United Suites, is to be by the Legis-
lature of the State of Indiana in the time, place,
and manner presciibed by the Legislature. Has
such an election been held? The constitution of
Indiana declares what shall be the Legislature of
that State:
<k The legislative authoiity of this State shall be vested in
a General As^emhl>, \\ Ineh shall consist of a Senate and
House of Repiesentative>.}}
By another provision the number of Senators
is limited to fifty, and the number of Represent-
atives to one hundred. That was the number
composing the Legislature of Indiana in 1857,
whenthis election took place. By another clause
it requires two thirds of each House to constitute
a quorum to do business.
Now, sir, having ascertained what the Consti- :
tution of the United States requires, and what a i
Legislature in Indiana is by its constitution, we
have only to inquire whether that Legislature has
made an election. If so, it must be in gome way
by the consent of what constitutes the Legisla-
ture; and what is that? The Senate ana the
House. The Constitution does not read that the
members of the Legislature may elect a Senator,
but the Senator is to be chosen in the time, place,
and manner prescribed by the Legislature. The
Legislature of Indiana, it is admitted, has pre-
scribed no time, no place, no manner of electing
a Senator. All agree to that. Then, sir, how
did this election take place? By the individual
members getting together; but that is not a
Legislature. They must get together in their
organized form to constitute a Legislature, and
prescribe the manner; they may do it by joint res-
olution ; they may do it in any way by manifest-
ing their assent to the election, and go into an
election and elect as individuals per capita. We
all admit that; but there must be some action of
the Legislature in each branch to bring aboutthis
meeting. That is what we insist upon. Thatis
>vhat we insisted upon in the case of the Senator
from Iowa. Thereisnothingofthekindhere. The
House of Representatives might just as well have
made this election of itself. It was not necessary
that there should be a single Senator present.
The whole Legislature, Senators and Represent-
atives, consisted of one hundred and fifty mem-
bers. Seventy-six members of the House of Rep-
resentatives could have made the election, if this
election is valid. Would that be an election by
the Legislature of Indiana ? Surely not. We do
not contend, or at least I do not contend, that it
must be a legislative act to elect a Senator; but
it must be a legislative act m the form of legisla-
tion to initiate the proceeding toNjlect a Senator*,
and such had been the practice in Indiana. I
have the journals of Indiana here .to show what
has been the practice for many years in that State,
but it will take too iong to refer to them; and as
a concise statement of what the practice in Indi-
ana has been from the beginning, I will read to
the Senate from the deposition of Mr. Smith,
who at one time served in this body as a Senator
from that State. He says:
" I have been acquainted with the custom of electing
United State* Senators in Indiana since the first election
ot William Ueruhicks, in 1825; the custom has been, tail
the eh cuons of Senators since that election, inclusive, up
to 1857, to elect by joint vote of the Senate and House of
Representatives, met tn joint convention in pursuance of a
joint iesoluiion,orare<olution of one body, sitting as such,
with a eoneurtence of the other body, sitting as suih.
Such, I understand, has been the custom from the organ-
ization of the State government and the fir->t senatorial
election, up to the year 1957, without an exception. The
act ot 1831 expressly ptovides 'that, when the term of any
Senator in Congress is about to expire, it shall be the duty
of the General Assembly, at their session last preceding the
tcim of service of such Senator, to elect by joint ballot of
both fiou-es, on such day and at such place as they may
n«ree upon, a suitable person to serve as a Senator from this
State k> the Congress ot the United Stateslorihe next suc-
i eeednig hx years .' "
| That is the act referred to by the Senator from
Ohio. Further on, in answer to this question:
" State your moans of knowing the custom of the Legis-
lature alorefaid,"
he said:
" l was a member of the Legislature of the State in the
year 1822-23; have been something of a politician in my
day ; wa-> piesent At eveiysenatoual election from 1825 till
1837, and every senatorial eleetion fioin. that time to 1857,
except the election of Mr. Hannegan over my*ejf and Gen-
eral Howard, in 184*2, when I was at Washington city. I
have been a candidate for United States Senator three
times; once elected and twice defeated—once by General
Tipton and once by Mr. Hannegan; during ail which time
Inever knew oi heaul of any othei cu-tom or u age of elect-
ing a United State? Senator hut by a joint vote of the two
bodies, the Senate and House of Rcpiesentanves, met in
joint convention, in puistunce ot a concurring resolution,
passed separately, fixing the tune and place. I am satisfied
that this has been the usage, custom, and understanding of
ail parties, and has been conformed to, without objection
or deviation, up to 1857. I state this the more confidently
j fiom the fact that on one or more occasions, when one of
I the political parties has had a majority m one House and
! the opposite party would have a majority on joint ballot,
| the House having the majority would refuse to pass the res-
i olutton of the other House to go into the election, and there-
by postpone the election to the next Legislature; as was
the case when Lieutenant Governor Jesse D. Bright re-
peatedly gave the casting vote, laying a resolution to go
into the election on the table, when the opposite party had
the majority on joint ballot."
In answer to this question:
"State whether you have known of an election of Sen-
ators ot the United States, m Indiana, without tire concur-
rence of both Houses of the Legislature in advance, by
resolution, to go into the election
he said:
"I have never known or heard of such an election, or an
attempt to elect, in such a manner, except in the case of
Messrs. Bright and Fitch, in 1857.**
He is then inquired of in regard to the post-
ponement of elections, and he answered:
tf At the time I referred to. the Senate of the State was,
politically,equally divided. The House of Bppiesentatives
was largely anti-Democratic, giving a large majority on joint
ballot against the Democratic party. The House passed
lesolutions fixing the time of the election, by joint ballot, of
a United States Senator. The Senate wa> a tie, and Mr.
Bright, the Lieutenant Governor and President of the Sen-
ate, repeatedly voted to lay the resolutions on the table, de-
claring, as J understood him, without any concealment,
thattheie should be no United States Senator elected at
that session; the result wa<, that the election was post-
poned until the next session of tin* Legislature, when it
took place, by joint vote of the two Houses, met in conven-
tion,jointly, in pursuance of a concurring resolution of both
Houses, and Mr. Bright was elected United States Sena-
tor at that election.
I will state the further fact, that the very va-
cancy which one of the sitting Senators from In-
diana now claims the right to fill was occasioned
by the refusal of his political friends in the Legis-
lature, in 1855, to go into an election. At that
time the so-called Democratic party were in a mi-
nority of the whole Legislature, but had control
of one of its branches; that branch refused to
meet the other for the purpose of electing a United
States Senator, and left the State for two years
with but one Representative in this body. In
1857 the tables were turned, and the so-called
Democratic members, constituting a majority of
the whole Legislature, but a minority in one of
its branches, proceeded, against the protest of that
branch, to make an election. The Senator from
Louisiana and the Senator from Ohio are loud in
their denunciation of faction, are loud in denun-
ciation of those who will not perform the consti-
tutional duty to go into the election of United
States Senators. I call their attention to the fact
that one of these very individuals holds his elec-
tion in consequence of the refusal of their own
friends to go into an election in 1855.
Mr. PUGH. What has that got to do with
this question ? When the case of the Senator from
Iowa was up, I used the very same language pre-
cisely that I used to-day, and the Globe will show
it; and from the position I took m that debate, if
any election involving that matter should again
come here, the Senator knew beforehand, from
what I said in the Iowa case, precisely what I
would say. I say there is no justification for any
of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has nothing under
heaven to do with the case, and I am glad to
have the assent of the Senator from Ohio in say-
ing so.
Mr. PUGH. I say that the proceedings of a
"former Legislature have nothing to do with this
case. I do not know what they were, because
they do not appear in evidence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They show how the po-
litical friends of the sitting Senators understood
the law in 1855, and have just as much to do with
the decision of this case as similar factious pro-
ceedings by their political opponents in 1857. I
do not think that this denunciation of factious op-
position, whether in 1855 or 1857, has anything
to do with the decision of a judicial question, such
as we have under consideration. I only refer to
what took place in 1855, in reply to what has
been said by others about factions in 1857. I ad-
mit it has nothing to do with the case. I care not
whether——
Mr. PUGH. Do not admit me while you ad-
mit yourself. I say the proceedings of a former
Legislature had nothing to do with"it. This be-
ing so, while you may admit anything for your-
self, do not admit me. I say that those proceed-
ings have nothing to do with it.
Mr. TRUMRULL. T say they have nothing
to do with it under heaven; nor have the motives
which governed the Senate of Indiana, in 1857,
anything to do with the decision of this case;
neither has the Senator from Ohio any right, nor
have 1, to judge of the motives of either the Sen-
ators of 1855 or those of 1857, in refusing to go
into an election. That is for them. I do not pre-
sume to condemn either the presiding officer of
the Senate in Indiana, who repeatedly, by his
casting vote, prevented the election of United
States Senator, nor do I presume to condemn the
present or a former Senate of Indiana, which re-
fused to go into an election. It cannot change the
