828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ment, and that it ought not to pass*, and submit- i
ted a report on the subject, which was ordered to j
be printed. 1
He also, from the same committee, to whom :
was referred the bill (S. No. 49) to provide for the ,
construction of a court-house, post office, and !
custom-house in Appalachicola, in the State of
Florida, reported it without amendment, and that ..
it ought not to pass; and submitted a report on :
the subject, which was ordered to be printed.
"WHITEMARSH B. SEABROOK.
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the |
House of Representatives (H. R. No. 81) to amend |
the " Act for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Sea- |
brook and others," have instructed me to report ■
it back with a recommendation that it pass. I j
ask, if it be not inconsistent with the views of the ;
Senate, that the bill be taken up and put on its i
passage immediately. I will make a brief expla-
nation of it. _ ;
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ;
proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. At the last Congress, a bill ;
passed both Houses, appropriating a certain ,
amount of money to Seabrook and others, who j
belonged to a military company in South Caro- ;
lina, that was engaged in the late war with Groat I
Britain. It gave them pay and emoluments ac- I
cording to their rank in the service; and itdirected ,
the money to be paid to the persons, if alive; and
if dead, to their heirs-at-law. It has been found i
impracticable to execute the bill, because a great ,
many of the heirs-at-law are scattered all over the i
country, and some of them are minors, and it is j
impossible to pay the money to them. It is now
proposed that, instead of the money being paid
to the heirs-at-law, it be paid to the executors and
administrators of the parties. The House of Rep- !
rescntatives has passed this bill: it is proper to :
have the matter adjudicated, for the money be- ;
longing to the parties is m the Treasury; and the j
bill ought to be passed. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without 1
amendment, or.dered to a third reading, read the j
third time, and passed. j
GONZAGA COLLEGE. !
Mr. BROWN. I ask the consent of the Sen- ,
ate to take up the bill (S. No. 76) to incorporate !
Gonzaga college, in the city of Washington, m j
the District of Columbia. I will make a brief,
explanation of it. I
Mr. BELL. Will it consume time? !
Mr. BROWN. I think not. _ I
Mr. BELL. I do not know what my rights •
aie on the question before the Senate. It may be ;
that the Presiding Officer may feel it his duty to
stop the debate on the question that was up yes-
terday, at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, that at the hour of one, if the Senator does
not take the floor before, the Chair will call up
his motion to print the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee, which comes up as unfin-
ished business at the head of the special orders.
The Senator will be entitled to the floor at the
hour of one o'clock on the question to print.
Mr. BELL. Then I have no objection.
The bill (S. No. 76) to incorporate Gonzaga
college, in the city of Washington, in the District
of Columbia, was considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. Is there any report accompany-
ing tins bill?
Mr. BRO WN. I will say to the Senator that
there is no written report. It is a bill to incor-
poiate a coIJegc, and it is drawn up in the usual
form, with all the guards around it that are com-
mon to such measures. They have a common
seal; they are prohibited from issuing notes or
scrip as a currency, and the bill contains the in-
dividual liability clause.
Mr. HALE. I confess I am unwilling to see
the bill pass. I do not know but I am super-
stitious about it; but I have a different idea of a
college from some gentlemen. I recollect meet-
ing a friend out West, and I was inquiring about
a young man whom I used to know, who was en-
gaged as ateaehei. The fuend said he had been
doing very well; he had bought a farm with a
college on it, and was carrying on the business.
[Laughter.] We have but one college in New
Hampshire, and that was incorporated before the
Revolution, and is an institution of some consider-
able merit. I think this matter of making colleges
has been carried to a very great and ridiculous
extent. I have looked over the American Alma-
nac, and I saw, I think, some forty or fifty col-
leges in the United States without a professor or,
a student; and I am opposed to increasing them.
1 wish the bill to lie over, if there is no objection.
Mr. BROWN. I will say, in reply to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New Hampshire, that
the object of incorporating this college in Wash-
ington by those who are at the head of the col-
lege in Georgetown, is this: that there are large
numbers of boys here who would go from the
houses of their parents to a college in Washing-
ton who cannot go so far as Georgetown college,
and hence there is a necessity for boarding them.
This the proprietors, owners, trustees, or faculty
of that college think they can avoid by simply es-
tablishing a college here. They have the means
of doing it. They ask for no assistance from the
Government in any shape or form. They simply
ask us to give them a corporate name, with the
usual franchise belonging to colleges, and then
they agree that you may alter, repeal, or amend
their charter at pleasure. The bill makes every
man connected with it liable for all its debts. It
prohibits the issuance of any scrip, and throws
around it all the guards that Congress has ever
thought proper to impose in matters of this sort.
I disagree with my friend from New Hamp-
shire as to the impropriety of multiplying the
•number of colleges. 1 wish, instead of thirty-
eight or forty, as the Senator finds in the Amer-
ican Almanac, that wo had five hundred and thir-
ty-eight. If they have the name of colleges, and
yet are nothing more than high schools, I do not,
for the life of me, see that there is any harm in it.
Suppose you call this Gonzaga college, and it
does not rise above the dignity of an ordinary
high school: certainly it is not going to do any
harm. It grants degrees of Master of Arts and
Bachelor of Arts; but, I take it, a man, when he
gets out into the world, will be neither greater
nor less on account of having graduated at this
college. I hope the bill will be allowed to pass
without any amendment.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the Secretary be good
enough to read the clause limiting the amount of
property that may be held by this corporation ?
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
A bill to incorporate Gonza«a College, in the City of Wash-
ington and District of Columbia.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates oj America in Congi ess assembled, That
Ilurcard Vilhgor, Charles fl. StonetUeet, Daniel Ljnch,
E<1 ward X. Hand, and Charles Jenkins, and their succes-
sors, be, and they aie hereby, made a body-politic and cor-
porate forever, b> the name of llie President and Directors
of Gonzaga College, for pm poses of charity and education ;
and by that name may sue and be sued, prosecute and de-
fend ; may have and use a common seal, and the same alter
and renew at plcasuic; may adopt rules, regulations, and
by-laws, not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the
United States, tor propeily conducting the affairs of said
corporation ; may take, receive, purchase, and hold estate,
ical, perAmal, and mixed, not exceeding m value the sum
ot $5UO,QOO <u any one tune, and may manage and dispose
of the same at pleasure, and apply the t uine, or the proceeds
of the sales iheieof, to the uses and purposes of the said cor-
poiatmu. aecouling to the rules and regulations which now
aie, or may heieatter be, established.
Sta:. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, T-hat the said corpora-
tion -hall have and enjoy the power and faculty to confer
and confirm upon such pupils m the institution, or others,
who, by their pioficicncy in learning oi other meritorious
distinctions tlicy shall think entitled to them, such degices
m the liberal arts and sciences as are usually granted in col-
leges.
fcSkC. 3. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That tiie president and
ducctois of Georgetown College be, and they are hereby,
autiionzed and empowered to convey to the said president
and directors of Gonzaga College, and their Miccessois for-
evei, who are hereby authorized and empowered to receive
the name, such lands and property, and such estate, real,
personal, or mixed, as the said pie&ident and directois of
Georgetown College may receive, or may have received, for
the u-e ur benefit of said president and directors of Gonzaga
College
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall be so constiued as to atithonze this said corpora-
tion to i.ssuc any note, token, device, scrip, or other evi-
dence of debt, to be used as a currency.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That each of the cor-
porator? in said coiporation shall be held liable, in his indi-
vidual capacity, for all the debts and liabilities of said cor-
poration, however contracted or inclined, to be recoveied
by suit, as other debts or liabilities, before any couit of com-
petent juusdiction.
Sec f5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That Congress may at
any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal the foregoing act.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the word
" college,"and insert " academy."
Mr. BROWN. An academy could hardly con-
fer degrees.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. My attention w^as turned to the
same subject to which the attention of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island was directed when he in-
quired in regard to the amount of property which
might be held by the corporation. I notice that
the amount they may receive at any one time is
restricted to the sum of $500,000; but there is no
restriction in regard to the amount which the cor-
poration may finally hold. It strikes me that
there had better be a restriction in regard to the
amount which the corporation may lawfully hold.
I see no particular necessity for restricting the
amount which they may receive at any one time;
but if there be any such a necessity, there cer-
tainly ought to be a restriction as to the gross
amount.
Mr. BROWN. That I understand to be the
restriction now; but if the Senator will suggest
any amendment to make it more certain, I have
no objection
Mr. FOSTER. I was about to inquire of the
chairman of the committee if that was the mean-
ing, when the Senator from Rhode Island asked
for the reading of that clause.
Mr. ALLEN. I think there may be a doubt on
that point, and the section ought to be amended
so as to limit the amount which may be held.
Mr. BROWN. I think the bill m its present
form accomplishes the object of Senators. If there
be no suggestion of an amendment, I hope the
bill will be passed at once.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up the bili (S.
No. 161) for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union, for the purpose of then moving to
make it a special order.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time.
Mr. GREEN. 1 move that it be made the spe-
cial order for to-morrow at one o'clock, if it meets
general approbation. [Say Monday.] My object
is, to get the question out of the way, for it im-
pedes the progress of all other subjects. It will
be discussed for some considerable time, and
everybody will have a fair opportunity to discuss
it before final action.
Mr. SEWARD. My vote on that motion will
depend somewhat on what we can ascertain as to
the probable course of debate. I beg leave to ask,
if the Senator has no objection, whether he in-
tends to take the floor, as I suppose is his right,
at the time appointed, and whether there is any
understanding that the members of the committee
are to go on with the debate, or whether it will
devolve on somebody else. I want to speak on
this question on such a day as 1 can consistently
with the rights of the members of the Committee
on Terntones.
Mr. GREEN. In reply to the Senator's ques-
tion, I can inform him that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I shall desire to do nothing but to make
a little statement, reserving my right to answer
whatever may be said against the principles of the
report. I believe the majority of the committee
have no desire to push themselves forward in the
debate, hastily, at any time. Of course they re-
serve their right to be heard during the progress
of the debate. "VVhat the minority may desire to
do, I am not able to say. The friends of the
measure generally are not disposed to prevent a
fair hearing on all sides, so far as the Senate may
desire, and will not undertake to crowd it through,
unless a factious opposition be set up, which we
do not apprehend.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to make a remark on
another point. I have observed, in a very large
number of newspapers, of various political com-
plexions, that have come to me within the last
few days, that during the ten days I was confined
to my house in consequence of illness, reports
went out from here in which it was stated that
it was believed a caucus of Democratic Senators
had formally read out of the party my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] my friend from Califor-
, ma, [Mr. Broderick,] and myself. I rise for the
|i purpose of asking my friend from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Allen,] who was the president of that cau-
