1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
cusj whether there is any. truth in those s.tate- i
ments? t j
Mr. ALLEN. 1 was the presiding officer of j
that caucus; but I heaid nothing of reading out ;
any member of the Democratic party from that ■
caucus.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed such was the
case, 'Hid yet 1 thought it was proper to cull on the
chairman of the caucus to make tins statement,
as I was absent ai ct had no means of knowing
what was done, except on the informal inquires !
1 have made, to winch 1 received the sameanswer. ,
I will take occasion to temark, that during the !
fourteen years 1 have been here, no caucus has :
ever yet been held by which the right was claimed j
to make any measure a party measure. It was j
not done on the Nebraska bill; it never has been j
done on any other bill. I understand it has not j
been done on this Lecom'pton question. The i
friends of the Nebraska bill met—men of all par-
ties; and the opponents of the Nebraska bill mot
—rai'ii of ail parfii'S. The friends of the Lecomp-
ton coostiamon may meet,and its opponents also;
but no paity caucus has ever yet taken jmisdie-
tion of a measuie to decline it a party measure,
much less have they uncleruik'i-n to i ead anybody
out of a party fordjftermg from them.
Mr. 1 VEItSON. At the suggestion of my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Fitcii,] 1 will take occasion
to make a response to the mquny of the Senator
fiotn Illinois; and it is proper 1 should do so, in-
asmuch as the only action of that caucus was on
a resolution whu'h i olfe red.
Mr. TOOVIBS. I will take the liberty with
my colleague, which I do m the kindest manner
possible, and probably 1 would not have done it
to any other Senator, but 1 can Like the liberty
with my colleague on account of our relations, to
object to these explunat ions in the Semite ot what
took piace 111 caucus. I hope my colleague will let
U drop. I say it m the kindest Sjm.it. Those
gentlemen who choose to bung it forward huio
may do so.
Mr. IVERSON. My only object was to dis-
abuse the mind of the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PllESlDEN 1\ The Chair must
iule that these explanations are not in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust the Senator from
Georgia may be permitted to make lus statement,
it is informal, but I trust there will be no objec-
tion to it. As he says he offered the resolution,
1 think it is proper he should now have an oppor-
tunity of explaining.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdul not
■anest the remarks which have been mad'?, though
they were none of them st'ictly m otder.
Mr. EENJAM1N, I shall renew the objection.
I do not think tins is in oiuer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to push this
-question any further, it has gone iar enough. I
understand the resolution which was offered was
to the etfect that it was conceded on all hands that
the caucus disclaimed such right, intention, or
power.
Mr. GREEN. I wish, in further response to
the interiogutory of the Senator from New York,
to remark that, on consultation with one of the
minoiity of the committee, I shall waive my right
to make any opening remarks at all, but let the
debate go on and take Us fullest ian«e.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that, by the
ordinary usage of the Senate, the gentleman who
presents the report of the committee has the pnv-
llcge, and it is expected of him generally, that he
should open the debate, that we may be possessed
of the views he proposes to present, and the argu-
ments which he calculates to rely upon in support
of his position. It is also his pnvikge to close the
debate. We understand that; but we understand
generally in law, and certainly m propitety, that
if a gentleman waives his opening, he waives his
close. If that is understood, it is all very well.
Mr. GREEN. That is not understood.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I uudei stand the gen-
tleman means to close, though he does not mean
to make an opening. According to that view, the
g'-ntiemaii is distinctly to understand thatl must
close upon his closing; for it is the only time I
shall have to answer. I take it, there can be no
objection to that.
Mr. GREEN. Under ordinary circumstances
it ni'ght be insisted on with a little more peitinti-
city that 1 should open the debase on tins matter;
but i have made one elaborate speech on this sub-
ject, I have made my report; and I shall not, in
my remarks, deviate from the principles and from
the facts as the rem set forth. My object will be
to vindicate them as assailed and attacked, not to
restate principles, positions, and facts that I have
heretofore stated. He can reply to that, and then
I will respond, if. 1 see pioper to do so.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is my privilege,also, to
have made a report, in which I have stated my
views, in common with my associate on the com-
mittee who agreed with me in opinion, the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Wade:] but I do not con-
sider that that in any way precludes me from
enlarging upon tho>e views, nor does it relieve
me from the duty, perhaps, of elaborating and
sustaining them. So it is with the Senator from
Missouri; but the view I have is very obvious
Irom genoial usage.
Mr.G REEN. 1 am willing to do it, or to waive it.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not mean to urge the
gentleman to open the case; but 1 do not wish him
to close a debate which he has not opened. I want
it distinctly understood that he is not to close it
if he does not open it. If that is understood, it
is all very well.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator desiies me to
open it, lie shall be gtatifnd. 1 supposed I wos
gratifying them by waiving my tight to open: but
if it is insisted upon, he siiu.ll be gratified to his
hcai t's content.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have distinctly stated,
and I now restate, as the gentleman does not
choose to understand m", that I do not request
him to open it, but I request that, if he will not
open* he u ill not close it.
Mr. GREEN. I do not think he need have so
much apprehension about my ability m closing.
Mr. HALE. Hefore the question is taken, as
I fee! a liilie responsibility about the Army bill,
I wish to know what is the intention as to that?
Is this subject to supmsi de it?
Mr. IVERSOX. I take this occasion to say
what I desired to say, and should have said some
time during the progress of the morning, that, as
soon as the personal discussion between the two
Senators from Tennessee shall have ended, 1 shall
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the Army bill, with a view to press it as rapidly
as possible to a conclusion. The chairman of
the Committee on Mihuuy A (Vans is so unwell
that he will not be able to be here for some days,
peihaps a week or ten days. It is useless, theie-
fore, to keep the Army bili back in consequence
ofhis indisposition, and we ought to get iid of it
as soon as possible. 1 shall endeavor to press the
Anny bill to-day, and, if it is possible, to get a
vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the motion now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That the biii for
the admission of Kansas be made the special ol-
der for to-morrow, at one o Yloek.
Mi. SEWARD. We may have the Army bill
before us, and the present day is mortgaged. I
would suggest the day after to-morrow, or Mon-
day.
Several Senators. Say Friday.
Mr. GREEN. Well, Fuday will do. I move
to make it the special order foi that day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to amend the mo-
tion by striking out Friday and insetting Mon-
day. To-day is undoubtedly to be occupied, and
the Army bill cannot be disposed of very soon.
[" No, No!"j I withdiaw the motion with the
understanding that the Army bill is to be fust dis-
posed of.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is a matter of accommo-
dation with gentlemen to fix the time when it can
be taken up. Putting it for to-mot row,or the m xt
day, leaves the matter in perfect uncertainty.
Those of us who feel it to be our duty to partici-
pate in the debate, perhaps early, should like to
know what is the cet tainty. If you say Monday
we shall know that there is something certain.
Mr. TOOMES. Let us take it up on Fuday if
we can get to it after disposing of the Army bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Put liuit leaves us in un-
certainty as to the time when it will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
make the bill the special ordei for Friday next at
one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAM ER. I move to amend the mo*
tion by s\yiiig Monday.
The amendment was adopted, and the motion,
as amended, was agreui to.
| LA FAYETTE S LAND WARRANTS.
I Mr. SLIDELL. A bill amendatory of an act
i permitting the relocation of certain land warrants
; granted to General La Fayette, was postponed
i yesterday in oider to enable ihe Senator from Ohio
j to offer an amendment, which I presume will
j meet with the assent of the Senate. I have no ob-
jection to it myself. I move to take up that bill.
The motion'was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 71) to amend an act en-
I titled An act to authorize a relocation of land
| warrants Nos. 3, 4 and 5, granted by Congress
j to General La Fayette," npproved February 20,
' 1845; the pending question being oa the amend*
I* ment offered by Air. Slidell yesterday, in liaes
nine, ten, and eleven, to strike out the words
! "subject to entry at private sale at $1 25 per acre,"
i and insert "not specially reserved;" so that it
II will read:
!j " Shall he authorized to relocate the said latul warrants
|; on any ot the putme lands ot the United Suites not &po-
!; eially ie>ei ved."
! j Mr. PUGII. I cannot perfect the bill to answer
;| my idea exactly as lam disinclined to it; but the
1 best I can do is to offer this substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana. It is
to sttike out the words " subject to entry at pn-
. vate sale at the sum of $1 25 per acre," and m-
1 sort:
Subject to public or private sale, and not reserved in pur-
I sn.uiee of any act of Congie^ for the coustiueiion of uiil-
■ to:ulsoi othei public works, or re ei ved lbr iniiiuuy or oilier
fp 'cial purpii- e<. y
' Mr. SVC ART. That will do.
t Mr SLIDELL. I have no objection to the
] amendment.
i Mr. POLK!. I wish to ask the Senator from
j - Ohio the meaning of the, words " public or pri-
;j vate sale." Is it to cause the holder of these war-
j rants to take lands at such prices as they will
'| bring at public sale ?
j Mr. SLIDELL. The wai rant callsfor no price.
' General La Fayette, in 1804, was authonzed to
! enter so many sections of land — 1 do not remem-
:i ber the exact number—wherever he might think
!j proper. He located one section in the immediate
■ ; vicinity of New Orleans, on land not surveyed
and not claimed by the city. From that property
!! he icalized probably two hundred thousand dol-
II iars. Other entries were made in Florida; some
!; in Louisiana. There appear to have been ad-
jj verse outstanding titles, and these entries failed.
;j lie then disposed of his right to enter lands to
11 i tub viduais, who entered lands under a law passed
'! in 1^45, which proved to have been reserved, be-
j cause they were live-oak timber lands. Now the
ji puviiege is asked by these men, wiio paid niany
! j years ago to General La Fayette probably eight or
'i ten dollars an acre for these wariants, and, for
aught 1 know, a much higher price, that they
!| shall be permitted to enter any lands that are not
| specially reserved, wheie there is no price at all,
ofcourse. That is the whole amount of the matter.
!; Mr. POLK. I did not understand the amond-
|' ment as it was read. What is the meaning Ot thcr
j! word ii public," as inserted in the amendment of
t; the gentleman from Ohio?
j1 Mr. STUART. I will say to the Senator that
I' the effect of this amendment is to allow entry on
ji any lands subject to entiy at ^1 25 per acie, or
•! Jess; but not to allow entiy on lands that are re-
! served sections m railroad grains, oi other grants,
'j or leserved specifically tor any other purpose.
11 That is the effect of the amendment.
!i Mr. POLK. Rut I ask the Senator from Mich-
I igaii if the land may not he had, at public sale,
at a price greater than $1 25 f
|i Mr. STUART. Undoubtedly; but he cannot
' use those warrants at a public sale.
The amendment ottered by Mr. I ugh was
°Tiie bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concuried in. The bili
was ordered to be engrossed j was read the third
!' time, und passed.
j1 CHRISTINE BARNARD.
| Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the third reading of
the bill to continue a pension to Christine Barn-
< ard. It was under coxisidoration on Friday last,
and was then postponed ou account of objections
that woie made by the Senator from Ohio and the
' chairman of the Committee on_ Pensions, who
have now kindly waived their objections. 1 think
