1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19U
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state !
of the Union be discharged from the further consideration i
of House bill No. 2 it3—a bill for the relief of ceuain v-ett!eis \
upon the public land* m the Srate of Wi*>con>m, and that ;
said bill be considered at this time. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the bill be j
read, that we may know what it is.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, objected to
the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. BILLING-HURST moved to suspend the
rules.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had receded from their
amendments, disagreed to by this House, to the
bill entitled "An act to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1853."]
Mr. BILLING-HURST. If the House will
read the report in this case, I think there will be
no objection.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
debate.
Mr. BILLINGEIURST. I demand tellers on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffi>?ton,
and Craige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 49.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
SALES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to oiler a joint resolution, to which I
presume there will be no objection.
The joint resolution was lead for information.
It directs that none of the public lands belonging
to the United States shall be exposed to public
sale, under proclamation of the President, until
the same shall have been surveyed and the re-
turn thereof filed in the Land Office for the period
of ten years.
Mr, CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules;
and on that motion 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania if his pur-
pose is to prevent a settler buying his farm.
Mr. GROW. This resolution leaves the pre-
emption laws exactly as they are. It does not
interfere with them. They can prove the pre-
emption and get their title any time within the
ten years. It merely prevents public sales by
proclamation of the President.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messts. Abbott, Adiam, Andrews, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blis-?, Biayton, Butiinton, Buihn^ame, C-it-e,
Ezra Ciaik, Iloracc F. Ciaik, Clnwvon. OoHa\'. Coining,
Cox, Cragin, James Cimg, Burton Ciaige, Cuttis, Dannell,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Imifee, Foster, Gtddmgs, Goodwin,Grander, Giow, Robeit
B. Ilail. Harlan, Thomas L. Flams, Hickman, Hoaid, Ilor-
ton, Ilowaid, George VV. Jo-ies, Kellogg. Kelly. KcNey,
Kilgore.Knapp, Leach, Lovejoy.Mason,Moigun, Isaac N.
jNIotris, Freeman II. Morse, Paimei, l\irkei, Pettit, P:ke,
Potter, Rieaud. Ritchie, Royce, Aaion .Shaw, John Sher-
man, Jud.-on W. Sneiman, Spinner, Wilham Stewatt,
Tappan, Gcotgc Tajior, Wade, Walundize, Walton. Oul-
wakider C Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, and Lrael
Washburn—7-1.
NAVS— Mestts. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bo<*ock. Boyec, Bianch, Biyan, Burnett, Buhh,
Caiutheis, John B. Ciaik, Clay, Clemens, Cimgman. Cobb.
John Cochrane, Coekeriii, Cnwfoid, Davidson, Davis of j
Indiana, Dewart, Dowdei!, Ednuni(Kon, English, Folcv, ,
Gamett, Giuti<-ll, Gilhs, Goode, Oieomvood, Gtegg, I.aw- j
rence W.Hall, Ilawkms. Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jew- ,
ett, J. Glancy Jones. Owen Joi>es, Lawrcnce,Leuly, Leiter. ;
Letcher, McOtneen, Humphrey Marshall, Moynard, Miil- j
son, Niblack, Nichols Pej ton, Phelps, Powell, Iteadv, Rea- |
gan, Redly, Rutfin, Russell, Sandidtie. Savaue, Scales. Sew- j
aid. Shorter, Sickles, Singh-ton. Samuel A. Smith, Stall- j
worth, Stephens, Tnppe, Cndeiwood, Watkin*, White,
Woodson, Wortendvke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. ;
Wright, and Zolhcoller—78. !
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended. j
Pending the vote,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had paired off j
with Mr. Waldron on political questions, and !
felt a delicacy in voting on this question. \
Mr. NfCHOLS stated that he was in favor of'
free trade in lands, and would vote u no." i
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Phillips and Edie, had paired off to-
gether, and that Mr. Landy had paired off with
another gentleman.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Thayer had
paired off with Mr. Keitt.
Mr. CLAWSON stated that Messrs. Mott and
Landy had paired off together, and Messrs. Rob-
bins and Huyler.
Mr. HOPKINS stated that Mr. Murray had
paired off with his colleague, Mr. Corning.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled:
An act (H. R. No. 30G) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th June, 1858;
Joint resolution providing fur the payment of
certain expenses of holding the United States
courts in the Territory of Utah;
An act (S. No. 36) to provide for the issuing,
service, and return, of original and final process in
the circuit and district courts of the United States
in certain cases;
An act (S. No. 76) to incorporate Gonzaga Col-
lege, in the city of Washington, and District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 97) to incorporate the Benevo-
lent Christian Association of Washington city;
An act (S. No. Ill) to alter the times of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Vermont; and
An act. (S. No. 1G1) for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask my friend to withdraw
las motion, to allow me to submit a resolution, to
which I think there will be no objection.
Mr. J. CLANCY JONES. I withdraw it for
that purpose.
DEBATE IN COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That debate in Committee of the Whole during
the M^ions lipid in rlnyhGht he confined to'he hi!) tinder
consideration, and that evening sessions shall be held when
a majouiy of the committee shall desne it, for the pu>pose
oi geneial debate, but not for the transaction of any other
business.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to the last
part of the resolution; but I object to the first pai t
of it.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BLISS. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GiDDINGS. I would suggest to ihe gen-
tleman from Virginia that the first part of the res-
olution is unnecessary.
Mr. LETCHER. Why, I have offered the
resolution at the request c"f gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, who suggested evening
sessions.
Mr. GROW. We have no objection to that;
but we object to the proposed plan of cutting off
general discussion.
Mi. LETCHER. In daylight?
Mr. GROW. Yes.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman expect •
to adjourn on the 7th of June ? If so, why does ■
he want to occupy the daylight sessions in extra-,
neous dr bate ? 1
Mr. GIDDINGS. I presume he does not. i
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to changing the j
rules of the House. j
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if we have the rnqui- j
site number, we will suspend the rules; and, if
not, I shall have fulfilled my dutyto those who I
requested me to submit the resolution. i
The resolution was again read. i
Mr. LETCHER. That is exactly the resolu- !
tion which was adopted last session. j
Mr. GROW. I think not. 1
The question was then taken; and it was de- !
cided in the negative—yeas 1)1, nays 57; as fol-
lows: !
YEAS— Messrs. Adiam, Anderson, Atkins Avery, Barks- '
date. Bishop, Bocock. Boyce. Bianch, Bivan. Burnett, ,
Buin«, Caruiheis,John B. Ciaik. dawson,Clay, Clemens, i
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockeriil, Cox, James Craig, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dewatt, DowdcH, Ednmndson, English,-Foley, Garnett,
<JaineiljGoode, Greenwood, Gregsr?LawrenceW.Haii, Har-
lan, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hawkins, Hickman, How-
aid, Ilughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Clancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Lawrence, Letcher,
MeKibbin, MeCiueon, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, May-
naid, Miller, Isaac N. Mori is, Niblack, Nichols, Peyton,
Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Redly, Rufhti, Russell, SamUdge,
Scales, Sewaid, Aaion Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton,
Hubert Smith, Samuel A- Smith, Stallworth, Stephens,
George Taj lor, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Elhhu B- Wash-
tiurne, Watkms, White, Wmslow, Woodson, Wortendyke,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoflfer—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews. Bennett, Biihnghurst,
Bingnam, Blair, Bh<s, Brayton, Butnnton, Burling&ine,
Ca^c, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Coimns, Cragm, Curtis, Damrell,
JHvis of Matyl.md, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dodd, Foster,
Giddmgs, Gilmer, Goodwin,Granger,Grow,RobertB. Hail,
Morton, Kellogg, Kolsey, Knapp, Leac-h, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejov, Morgan, Edward Joy Moms, Freeman II. Morse,
Pahner.Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Ricaud. Ritchie, Royce,
John Sheiman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinnei, Tompkins,
Wade, Walbndge, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Israel Washburn, and Wilson—57.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Asbury Dickies, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to as& the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 286) to enlarge the Detroit and
Saginaw land districts in Michigan; and
An act (S. No. 296) amendatory of an act en-
titled "An act to establish two additional land dis-
tricts in the Territory of Minnesota," approved
8th July, 1856.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House for the relief of Captain James Mac Mcin-
tosh, of the United States Navy.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That during the present week it shall be in
order each day tor the Committee of the Whole to take a
recess until seven o'clock, p. in., aftei which hour general
debate may he indulged in, provided that no vote shall he
taken at such evening sessions, except on mouons that the
committee rise and that the House adjouin.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that resolution,
if nobody else does.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to strike
out the words <{ the present week," and insert
"during the remainder of the session."
Mr. SICKLES. Oh, no; that will make it still
more objectionable.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to inquire whether it is not
in order for the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to take a recess at any time
without the necessity of any such resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is a
very doubtful question.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I think that that
has been the practice of the committee heretofore.
The SPEAKER. Sometimes it has, but at
other times the piactice has been different.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. GROW. Has my colleague modified his
resolution so as to make it apply to the rest of the
session ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to do it,
but I understand that there is objection.
Mr. GROW. We have no objection to evening
sessions.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
The House divided on the motion to suspend
the rules; and there were—ayes 89, noes 15; no
quorum votinsr.
Mr. BURPi'NTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the
resolution, and move that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will my colleague give
way to let me introduce a resolution ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am sorry I can-
not oblige my colleague.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope we
shall not go into committee. I have a memorial
