2940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
provisions of the constitution of the Slate of Iowa, and read
them as if tliey were all one instrument. They are all to be
obeyed and observed. Let us read them m sequence, as if
they were but one instrument. Without referring to their
precise language, the case is this: the constitution of the
State of Iowa has the exclusive power of organizing a Le-
gislature ; that Legislature has the power to choose a Sen-
ator; that Legislature has the power to determine the time
and place and mauner iu winch it shall exercise its choice.
Heading the constitution of the State of Iowa, let me see
liow that Legisiatuie is constituted, and I will interpolate
in it, collecting the sentences in different.order, those pro-
visions of the Constitution o.f the United States which have
reference to the subject, and which are equally binding.
"1 The legislative authority of this State shall be vested
in a Senate and House of Representatives, which shall he
designated the General Assembly of the State of Iowa. The
business of this legislative authority is to pass laws and to
elect a United States Senator. A majority of each House
shall constitute a quorum to do business.1
" Read these sentences thus collected, and wheie is the
doubt ? The Legislature of the State of fowa has the right
to choose a Senator. The legislative authority is vested in
a Senate and House of Representatives. Its* business shall
be (this I interpolate) to pass laws and elect a Senator of
the United States, and a majoiity of each House shall con-
stitute a quorum to do business."
It takes two thirds to make a quorum in Indi-
ana. In that respect the case of the Indiana Sen
ator is not as good as was Mr, Harlan's.
Mr. Benjamin proceeded:
" Now, sir, if it be in part the business of the Legislature
of Iowa to elect a Senator to the Congress of the United
States, theu it cannotelect that Senator under the terms of
the constitution of the State, unless theie be present a quo-
ruin of the two Houses. In the case at bar, it is admitted
on all hands that there was no quorum of the two Houses.
This really seems conclusive of the question on us face.
How is this aigument met? We are referred to a law of the
Legislature of Iowa, passed in the year 1847, ordering the
Legislature of Iowa that sat m 1854 to proceed, at a certain
time and place, m a ceitain manner, to elect a Senator.
The first thing that strikes mv mind on this statement of the
case is, whence did the Legislature of 1847 derive the power
to lay down mles and give laws to the Legislature of 1854?
Of what validity is the act of the Legislature of 1S47 in con-
trolling the action of the Legislature of 1854 r Law is a sol-
emn expression of legislative will. By its very nature, it
emanates from a supeuor, and is addressed to the inferior.
Jf commands; it ordains; or it prohibits. For the puipose
of doing any one of these acts, it must emanate from r-ome
power superior to that to which it isaddies-sed. What right,
then, had the Legislature of 1847 to lay down the law and
give orders to the Legit-latuie of 1854? Was it superior?
Not so, sir; for the Legislature of 1854 is to this extent its
superior, that it had the right to overthrow all that it had
done, and to say that just the reverse should be the law to
that which the Legislature of 1847 determined should be the
law. We might as well say that because the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States has power to pass rules for
its own government, tlic Hou*e of Representatives now in
existence can declare what shall be the rules of that House
for all time to come.
" When the Constitution of the United States vested in
the State Legislature the light of choosing a Senator, and
fhe right of naming the tune and place and marmci of
holding the election, it created ajunsdiction which hadex-
clusive authority over the whole subjcct matter; and that
jurisdiction is the Legislature, not of to day, nor of yester-
day, nor of to-morrow, but it is the Legislature for the time
being which elects the Senator; and it is tor that reason
that, with the greatest defeience for the judgment of the
honoiable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] 1 cannot
concur with his aigument as tar as it is based on the disre-
gard of tins law by the Legislature of 1804. I look upon
that law as nothing nunc than an agreement between the
two House* of the Jovva Legisiatuie in 1847, foi the estab-
lishment of a joint rule, just as the two bodies of this Con-
gress have made joint lules for regulating the manner in
which they will discharge the iunetion* in which the action
of both is requned. But suppose at anyone moment either
body decitnes to act m confoimity with the joint rules: will
legislation passed in open violation of them thereby be the
less valid ? If the two bodies of the Legisiatuie of Iowa in
J8.>4 had chosen by joint resolution to declare that each
House would deposit ballots in a box m each House, and
would then order those ballot* thus deposited m separate
boxes to be counted together, it would have been m direct
violation of every provision of the law of 1847 ; and yet
who will stand up and dtc'aro that a legislative election in
that mode would be ui\ahd?"
The whole argument of the Senator from Lou-
isiana, which 1 will not weary the Senate with
reading, however, although it puts the case in
much bettor language than I can express, is di
rectly applicable to this case. There was not a
quorum of either House present when these Sen-
ators were elected—not a majority of one House.
That is now settled by the evidence. It can no
longer be a disputed fact as to how many consti-
tuted the Legislature of Indiana. How, then, can
this election be sustained except upon the broad
ground argued by the Senator from Ohio, and
which was assumed by the Senator from Georgia
when the Iowa case was underconsideration, but
which ground, as the thenjSenator from Connec-
ticut demonstrated, was in direct violation of the
Constitution of the United States? The argument
of the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] on
that occasion is also very conclusive. He refers
to the opinion of Silas Wright upon the same
subject, which he had called for in relation to a
case which arose in his own State, and so firmly
was he convinced at the time of the correctness
of the opinion of Mr. Wright, that an election
which was not participated in by a majority of
each branch of the Legislature would be invalid,
that although it would have operated to his own
advantage to have had such an election, he aban-
doned the idea.
With this reference to the arguments presented
on the occasion of the contest in regard to Mr.
Harlan's right to a seat, which fully sustain the
views I have presented as applicable to the facts
of this case, I take leave of the subject, alluding
for a moment to the Revised Statutes of Indiana
of 1843, by which the act of 1831, regulating the
election of United States Senators, was repealed.
It is admitted on all hands that the Jaw of 1831
was not in force when the sitting Senators were
elected, but it is a disputed point as to when it
was repealed.
Chapter fifty-nine, section four, of the Revised
Statutes of 1843, declares that:
" All acts and parts of acts, the subjects whereof are re-
vised and refenaeted in the Revised Statutes, or which are
repugnant to the provisions theuMii contained, together
with the provisions of such acts as are not revi ed"~
the statute of 1831 is not—
"shall be repealed from and after publication as aforesaid,
with the exceptions and limitations expressed in this chan-
ter."
The exceptions and limitations on the subject
of electing United States Senators are:
" An act to provide toi the election of United States Sen-
ators and other ofliecrs by viva voce vote of the Lcgislatuie,
approved 1SD7; and
" An act to repeal an act providing for the election of
United States Senators, approved December 3, 1837."
Those two acts are incorporated into the revis-
ion of 1843, as part of the same, and they simply
provide (without taking up the time of the Sen-
ate by reading them) that the election of United
States Senators shall be by viva voce vote. I at-
tach no importance to the time when the law of
1831 was repealed; but if there is any importance
irvit, it was repealed in 1843.
Mr. GREEN. I was anxious that the Senator
from Illinois should withdraw his amendment,
because this case must of necessity be determined
upon its merits, and not upon any mere abstract
opinion; and I think it would be well for the Sen-
ator from Maine to withdraw his proposition to
recommit. There can be no necessity to recom-
mit. We have no time to discuss anything but
the practical point to be decided, and that is
whether the sitting ^members from Indiana are
entitled to their seats under this election or not.
This is the conclusion. The proposition which
the Senator from Illinois makes as an amendment
has an argument, ^and X am not willing to vote an
argument. The argument may be right or wrong,
and yet may not apply to this case; may not be
conclusive as to this case. In the minds of some
Senators it may be, in the minds of other Sena-
tors it would not be; and hence the impropriety
of undertaking to vote an argument when a ques-
tion is to be determined that may involve that
argument or may not involve it. The whole of
this matter must rest upon its merits; and while
the Senator may act upon the positions assumed
in his amendment, and acting upon those posi-
tions may come to any conclusion to which his
mind will necessarily lead him, I may take other
reasons and arrive at the same conclusion, ur take
the same reasons and arrive at a different con-
clusion, in conscquence of my view of their influ-
ence connectod with this whole transaction. j
Is this election legal ? Has it been conducted 1
in accordance with the Federal Constitution? I j
answer yes; and in avery few words, for an ex- !
tended argument is not now required, the whole
ground having been occupied so well, I will show
why I answer it in the affirmative. Each State
is entitled to two Senators, to be chosen by the
Legislature. The manner of choosing is to be by
an election; for, in a subsequent part of the Con-
stitution, it says, the times, place, and manner of
electing Senators an'd Representatives shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislature. In the exercise of the
power to choose, it must be through a method of
election,and the same term " election "is applied
to the choosing of Senators that is applied to the
choosing of Representatives. Hence, it results, of
necessity, under the Constitution, that the elect-
ors vote per capita. Do they vote per capita in
the election of a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives? They must, of necessity, do it. The
same tet m is applied to the Legislature; and there-
fore, if the Constitution is to have the same con-
struction to the two classes, to the member^ of the
House and to the members of the Senate, the
legislators must vote per capita for Senators.
The clause of the Constitution pointing out the
Legislature to choose, and saying, that their mode
of choosing shall be by election, simply designates
the electors. It designates those persons who
shall exercise the power of electing. It does not
impose upon the Legislature the performance ofa
legislative duty, the execution of a legislative
trust, but it designates a power, an authority that
has the right to elect.
That power, those persons thus designated, may
elect. Who arc they ? Why, as was well said
by the Senator from Ohio, they need not of neces-
sity be two Houses; there may be three Houses;
the Legislature may embrace five separate Houses,
or one House. In Pennsylvania, as he remarked,
there was originally but one House, and that was
the Legislature. I remember reading a ciicum-
stance that transpired when the proposition was
made in Pennsylvania to change their Legislature
to two Houses. The great Dr. Franklin remarked
that separating the legislative authority into two
Houses reminded him of hitching two horses to
a cart, ono before and the other behind. But at
this day, with our present experience, seeing the
impulsive nature of our Congress, we see ihe ne-
cessity of having checks to hasty legislation; we
see the necessity of having the approval of the
Executive separated from both of the bodies, and
for it to be separated into two bodies, for greater
deliberation, for one to operate as a chcck upon
the other in legislation, the reason of which sep-
aration does not apply to the election of Senators.
Every argument that has ever been brought to
bear in favor of separate Houses constituting the
legislative authority ceases the moment the ques-
tion of electing a United States Senator is brought
up for consideration; and hence, as I before re-
marked, the term " Legislature" is simply a des-
ignation of the persons who are invested with
the authority to elect, and that election must be
per capita, i know it is said that the common
custom has been either bylaw to provide a mode
by which the two bodies come together, or by
joint resolution to agree when they will come to-
gether. That is true, atyd it is true from the ne-
cessity^ of the case. Whenever two bodies or
two objects are separated, they can never get to-
gether except by the motion or the action of one
or the other, or both; but whenever they do come
together legally, they may then exercise any le-
gal power. In the absence of a constitutional
provision requiring the two Houses to come to-
gether; in the absence of a law requiring them to
come together; in the abscnce of a joint resolu-
tion agreeing to come together, you never can get
them together except by their own voluntary con-
sent, each House consenting for itself; but if there
be a law setting a day for them to come together,
it requires no resolution to bring them together.
If there be a constitutional provision requiring
them to come together, it requires no joint reso-
lution to bring them together. If, in the dis-
charge of a constitutional duty, they must of ne-
cessity come together, then whatever right they
have to exercise in joint convention they may
then and there exercise.
It is worthy of remark also, that when these
two bodies get together legally, they are not then
separate bodies sitting in the same hall; they coa-
lesce; as Cowper says,
''Like kindred drop:, they mingle into one
and they are then and there but one body called
a joint convention. The constitution of the State
of Indiana in existence and in force at the time
this election took place made it the duly of the
two bodies of the Legislature thus to coalesce on
a given day. They did meet; and as the Senator
from Vermont has properly admitted-—and I shall
not therefore stop to make still more clear that
which is susceptible of demonstration—every sub-
sequent adjournment of the convention had all the
powers and all the rights that the first convention
had whichmetonthe 12th day of January. What-
ever right that convention then and there had to
elect Senators was continued up to the period of
time at which the election did in fa<ft take place.
The whole case, therefore, is ail narrowed down
