880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
it will now pass without opposition. As the lady
is here, and in great distress, I trust the Senate
will indulge me m taking up the bill. The bill is
011 its thjrd reading.
Mr. CLAY. I must object to the considera-
tion of that bill at this time. I want to say some-
thing on it.
Mr. IVERSON. I waive it.
The mtftion was therefore withdrawn.
TENNESSEE RESOLUTIONS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to print the resolutions of instruction of
the Legislature of Tennessee, which were pre-
sented yesterday.
Mr. BELL. I feel under great obligations to
the Senate for doing me the favor of adjourning
last evening; for when I come to rcflect on it,
knowing the circumstances and the excitement of
the occasion, I think that perhaps I might have
demeaned myself in a manner which, at a subse-
quent time, 1 should have great reason to regret.
As I said yesterday evening, it must be obvious
to the whole Senate that the course of my colleague
was uncalled for, and was entirely unprovoked by
anything I had said.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of my colleague, I wish to make a single
remark in this connection. The introduction my
colleague seems now about making to his speech,
and the mannerin which he concluded his remarks
yesterday evening, and what he said in the com-
mencerrtent of his speech then, have made the im-
pression on my mind that he supposes it was my
intention to attack his motives or his private char-
acter. I want to state to my colleague, so that
we can proceed understandmgly, that my inten-
tion was to have nothingto do with,and to make
no reference to, his motives as a man. My busi-
ness with him was as a Senator, as an agent of
the people, representing a State, and not with hrc
personal integrity or his private character. I am
inclined to think that when the gentleman's feel-
ings subside, and he looks over my spcech, he
will find that there is nothing in it that makes any
assault upon his integrity personally, or his pri-
vate character. I want to comply with the cour-
tesies of the Senate. I have said thus much for the
purpose of making this discussion proceed under-
standmgly. My business is notwnh him many
other character than as a Senator and an ugentof
the people.
We have many cases of this kind in the history
of the British Parliament. 1 do not pretend to
understand much about parliamentary law, but I
have tried to make myself familiar with it to that
extent which would enable me to conduct myself
here with reasonable propriety. On one occasion,
Colonel Barre in the British Parliament, declared
the conduct of Lord North to be indecent and scan-
dalous, to which Lord Noith replied with gieat
severity, denouncing it as brutal and invidious.
The British Parliament called him to order, and
made him observe order. It led to an explanation
thatColonel Barre had the right to arraign him as
a minister; that he might be arraigned as a min-
ister, and his conduct denounced as indecent and
scandalous when it was no attack on his personal
integrity or his private character.
It has not been my intention to make use of
anything that would impugn the motives of my
colleague. It has not even been my intention to
make use of language that was disrespectful even
in relation to his course as a public man, and a
public servant. If I can, I intend to keep myself
in the right; I do not intend to be thrown in the
wrongs and if, upon examination of my speech,
there is anything that impugns the integrity or
Fnvate character of my colleague, I disclaim it.
have not had time to read it. I did not even
visit the reporters last night. I find it here on my
table. I have not had time to examine it. I have
felt it due to my colleague, seeing that he was la-
boring under some misapprehensions of this sort
from his manner and one or two expressions that
escaped him, to say thus much so that we could
proceed understandingly hereafter.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am reduced to
this alternative, since the remarks which my col-
league has now made: either to suppose that he
is entirely ignorant of the tenor of his own argu-
ment and the language he used, or that he does
not understand the import of charges which are
made against Senators or persons out of the Sen-
ate. Did he not intend to assail my motives and
my character as a public man when he said I was
influenced by a want of principle (which I hope I
am not an example of) not equaled anywhere?
Did he not describe me from a long period ante-
rior to this as having looked, to the North and
shaped my course so as to have the support of the
North in my political aspirations, and now and
then giving a vote that indicated (f do not remem-
ber my colleague's language) that I was holding
on to the South with one hand and grasping the
North with the other?
Now, sir, 1 consider that the most offensive and
insulting charge that can be made against me or
any other member of the Senate. My colleague
should look over his speech, and see how far he
has gone. He may not be conscious of the length to
which he has gone. He deprecated the idea that a
Senator should ever get into his head an aspiration
for the Presidency; he told us how unfortunate it
has been to the country, and how unfortunate it
must continue to be. All this was not pointed di-
rectly to mc,but every gentleman who heard his
specch and who will read it will understand that
it was pointed at me. If he will disclaim these
imputations, I shall accept his explanation of
what he meant, and I will even give him time to
read over that speech.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am as ready
now to make a reply as I shall be at any time.
Mr. BELL. I understood my colleague to say
he had not had time to read his spcech. If he
wants to go on, I should like to call his attention
to some other statements in his speech in relation
to me.
•Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Perhaps it
would be betterfor me to decline saying anything
until my colleague gets through with his remarks,
and I shall make my reply accordingly.
Mr. BELL. Very well, sir. After all this, I
shall not procced to-day in.the manner I intended
yesterday evening. I am restrained by respect
for myself, lo say nothing of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
that my colleague preferred that I should decline
to make an explanation now and take another
time.
Mr. BELL. Go on at any time you please; but
I shall proceed with some points 1 wish to notice,
without regard to what I considered the offensive
remarks of the Senator. I piopose to leview some
of the positions he took in the outset of his specch
which will not involve any feeling on either side.
in my observations on the resolutions I pre-
sented yesterday morning, I endeavored to show
that there had been no disapprobation expressed
by the people of Tennessee against my course on
the Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854, in such a form
that I could feel m any degree bound to notice it,
and that theie had been no such reasonable cer-
tainty expressed as to the opinions of that people
on the subject. I said that now I considered it
very late to bring foiward the subject. In his
reply to this, my colleague referred', in the first
place, to resolutions which he states, and states
truly I believe, were pending in the Legislature
of Tennessee when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
under consideration. I paid but little attention
to those resolutions because I knew that neither
the Whig nor Democratic members of that Legis-
lature had considered or contemplated the proba-
ble consequences of that measure. Again, from
the resolutions quoted by my colleague m his
speech, which I now hold in my hand, there is
apparent on the face of them the very contest, or
something approaching it, which \$as manifested
between the Whigs and Democrats in the Senate
of the United States; when the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was first presented. It is evident that the idea
of the Whig members was, that if the Demo-
cratic party really meant to force such a measure
as that through Congress, they should do it in
terms that no man could misunderstand. He has
spoken of two resolutions, one of which was
voted for by his own friends in the Legislature,
the Democratic party, very well expressed. That
resolution is:
u Resolt ctj, That the bill now pending hetore Congress,
called the Nebinska hill, the leading pnnciple of which is
that Congress has no light to legislate on the subject of
Slavery, hut that the same is an institution over which the
people alone, in foinung then organic law, have full power
and control, meets our coidntl approval and is sanctioned
clearly by the principles of the bills creating territorial gov
emments for New Mexico and Utah, and we earnestly re-
quest our Senators and .Representatives to give it their
hearty suppoit."
I do not even find the word " instruction " there;
but that is of no consequence in my view of the
validity of instructions; but what was done by the
Whigs in the Legislature ? Understanding that
the measure was intended to proceed on the prin-
ciples of the New Mcxico and Utah bills; and,
at the same time, to furnish the foundation for a
contest in Kansas, and also in Nebraska, if there
should be any temptation to it there, as to the es-
tablishment of a slave State, without repealing the
Missouri compromise in express terms, what did
the Whigs do? Before they could have any ad-
vice,any information,any knowledge of the mo-
tives and feelings prevalent here, they urged a res-
olution of this kind:
"Resolved, That we cordially approve of the amendment
proposed by the Hon. Aichibald Dixon, of Kentucky, to the
bill lepoited to the Senate of the United States by the Com-
mittee on Territories, for the organization and government
of the Terntoues of Kansas and Nebiaska.*'
That amendmen t proposed a direct repeal of the
Missouri compromise. This reminds me of a con-
versation I had with one of my late colleagues in
the Senate as to that bill, and the equivocal lan-
guage in which it was presented, which was un-
expected by me altogether; for, though I was
a member of the committee, I had not reached
Washington in time to attend the first meetings of
the committee. He told me he was not willing it
should stand in that way; and I agreed with him
that, if the intention was to create an agitation on
this subject, to make a question before the coun-
try for the purpose of uniting the whole South
with the Democracy of the North, it should be
done openly. The next thing I heard was the in-
troduction of Mr. Dixon's amendment. I do not
say that it was dictated by me; but I am speaking
of a private conversation, in which I declared that,
if the Missouri compromise was to be repealed, it
should be done openly and palpably, so that the
people of the North and South could sec it. But
it was not exactly so at the last. I am sorry to
allude to, or review the discussions on any one of
these points. I have never considered them cred-
itable to our Government, nor creditable to the
principle of popular rights and popular sover-
eignty so much dwelt on yesterday. I do not like
the idea of getting up a parcel of words, syllables,
and lines of such equivocal and uncertain import
in the nature of the worst sort of clap-trap that
was ever used in legislation. I did not approve
of it then. That is the character of those resolu-
tions introduced into the Legislature during the
pendency of that hill. I thought it was perfectly
right myself that the party in the ascendency here
should be required to act in such a manner that
their action should be understood. I am sorry to
talk so much about party. I respect the largest
portion of all parties, for the largest portion of the
publicishoncstand patriotic. I dislike to say any-
thing that would seem to characterize one party
as less worthy than another; but I never could
have conceivcd, and did not conceive, when the
proposition of Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky, was in-
troduced in the Senate, that it would be embraced
bv the honorable Senator who had charge of that
bill.
Let me do him the justice to say, not from my
direct personal knowledge, but from circum-
stances and evidence that are equally satisfactory
to me, that the honorable Senator from Illinois
was sincere in the course he took finally after
he had made a report against the repeal of the
Missouri^ compromise, and depicted its conse-
quences in a manner which was calculated to
strike the whole country. He yielded. The Ad-
ministration you know, sir, pronounced against
the measure through its ordinary organ. It was
understood that the Administration was decidedly
opposed to Mr. Dixon's amendment. He was
charged with attempting to stir up all those mis-
chievous and dangerous agitations on the question
of slavery, which had before shaken the Union
to its center, in 1820and 1850. Nevertheless, in
a few days afterwards the Administration came
into the support of the measure, simultaneously,
I believe, with the majority of the Senate.
There is nothing, then, in the resolutions of 1854,
which can be taken as of binding force. There
was the sort of game played there that was at-
tempted here. I did not know the heart of Mr.
Dixon, or what his purposes were; but I did not
believe at the time the amendment was Introduced,
