1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
that he had any such purpose. I need not go
into a detail of how the contest waxed warmer
and warmer. Angry debates took place between
members who represented the northern feeling
and the southern feeling on that subject. A man
had to take his position on one side or the other
on all questions which arose. There was no
opinion among the people of Tennessee, at the
time these resolutions were introduced. They
were ready to follow their friends and leaders on
both sides. It was a question on which they had
no assured and confident convictions that the
raeasuie was very right or very wrong. They
were ready to act, as is usual in such communities,
in the South particularly, when anything is pre- j
sented that looks as if it would add to the strength !
or security of that institution which they all con-
sider to be one which needs all the guards against
thegrowingpowerof the North thatcan be thrown
around it. I say nothing of their disposition, but \
the growing power and preponderance of the pop- '
ulation of the North. Every sensible man ill the
South has those feelings. I have them myself.
The people understood that their leaders in Con-
gress, both Democrats and Whigs, were going
for the measure, and it would be natural, under
such circumstances, to suppose that it must be
right.
I now come to the next point my colleague
made in opposition to my remarks on the second
resolution of the series before us, which expresses
the opinion that the people of Tennessee had pro-
nounced against my course in " the recent elec-
tions," which I presumed to include the election
of 1855. I have my doubts whether they meant
to include it or not, but I infer it. The late elec-
tion would afford them better ground than the
presidential election, because everybody knows
that Mr. Buchanan carried the State by seven
thousand five hundred majority. I doubt whether
they meant to include the election of 185.) at nil,
which came off fifteen months after the passage
■ of the Nebraska bill. How does my colleague
attempt to bolster up the idea that that election
settled this question? He does not deny that at
that time both branches of the Legislature were
carried by the parly in opposition to the Demo-
cratic party in the State, but he says this question
was in issue, and he knows it, because he was in
incautious as to what language he uses, and how :
he frames and gets up his arguments. He must j
do it with a little more skill than that, if he wants ;
to succeed in questions of this sort. Speaking of .
the contest between himself and Colonel Gentry, !
he said: !
" I piessed him upon it in every single speed! I made in 1
the State ; and lie uniformly declined to take ground. He j
v.-.'i-: afraid to take giound against it or for it, as was then be- j
lieved, tor feartliatit would injure linn m the canvass. He ,
was afraid of coming in conflict with my honorable col- j
league andotheis in the State. Tlieie was no doubt, m
fact, that he harmonized and agreed with the Democratic j
party on tins point; jet lie shiank fiom the responsibility [
with a view of getting many votes by taking a noil-commit- -
tal coulee.'' I
My colleague must excuse me if I cannot take i
his statement on that point. He may speak what j
is true, but in speaking what is true he contradicts
a gentleman as well known for his honor and in-
tegrity as any man in the State of Tennessee.
Colonel Gentry told me himself that he would
have taken the course I did, and all the censure he j
had to pass on me in relation to it was that I ought
to have taken the ball at the first hop. Again, I i
heard from as honorable a gentleman as any-
where existed that in the very opening of the
canvass of 1855, Colonel Gentry did declare in a
public speech, at Murfreesboro', I think, that iflie
had been a member of Congress when that bill
was before the body, he would have voted against
it. It is incredible to me that he flinched and
shrank from the contest .during the canvass of
1855 on that point.
This statement is made by my colleague after
my declaration that 1 did not feel called upon, by
any opposition made to me throughout the State,
to make a single speech or explanation of my i
course on that bill before the people of Tennessee,
during that whole canvass. There were reasons
that might have restrained Colonel Gentry from
setting forth and explaining to the people the prob-
able mischiefs of that measure, and how wrong
it was to disturb this ancient compromise, which
had for thirty yeais been the bond of harmony
between the North and South. He might have
been lestramed by the consideration that two of
my respected andlionored Whig colleagues in the
House of Representatives voted ill favor of the
bill; and they were still highly esteemed and pop-
ular gentlemen, representing two of the largest
the canvass, as the candidate of the Democratic :! districts, one adjoining, and one including, my
party for Governor. He says that this was one j! own residence—the town of Nashville. I under-
of the main questions in the canvass. I stated jj take to say that my hps would have been sealed
the contrary of that yesterday and I state it now, i! even if there had been attacks to a great extent
not meaning to impugn his opinion on the subject, [j on the subject; and wherever I have spoken on
I reaffirm that it was not the principal subject of | the subject since, 1 have always had to do it with
.   , m ■  the greatest delicacy and forbeaiance in regard to
the course of my distinguished colleagues in the
House. Mi. ZolhcoiTer and Mr. Ready are the
gentlemen to whom I allude; and Mr. Gentry may
have been restrained in their districts, or any-
where else in the State, from discussing that ques-
tion. But my colleague speaks of its being one
of the main issues before the people. I take it he
did not discuss it alone. If he found that his op-
ponent could not be brought up to the issue, I
presumelie would employ himself on more prof-
itable topics, as he had a right to do.
I do not know; I cannot speak fiom personal
knowledge; but 1 have inquired over and over
again at home; I have looked for the speeches of
mycoileague.irhe had printed any; I have sought
from his loading friends to know what were his
principles on the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which,
he says, in 1855, was one of the principal topics
of debate in Tennessee. I never heard from his
lips his views on the subject, until I heard him
speak yesterday, and the drift of his remarks
theri can be well understood. He then took a
view of the subject that, in 1855, would have been
very distasteful, I know, to many of the leading
men of his party. X never could trace in any
speech or any letter of his, nor could I hear from
any respectable gentleman with whom I associ-
ated, or in the Whig ranks, that he had taken
ground in favor of that bill, except in his usual
course of declamation in behalf of the funda-
mental right of the people always to govern them-
selves, and to ride down and overslaugh all who
should pretend to smother their voice, and level
all who should have any pretensions as "aristo-
crats"—" slaveholding aristocrats." In that way
he may, perhaps, have sanctioned the bill. I do
not deny that be discussed that subject sometimes
by himself. He must have done it alone, accord-
controversy in 1855. I was inTennessee during
a considerable part of that canvass at all events, j
and know something about it. j
The declaration of my colleague on this point I
is m these words: i
'■ But my honorable colleague spoke of the content of I
]8o5. He will paidon me for making the allusion, but I ;
wa-, engaged in that contest. I was one of the candidates
for Oovemoi. 1 canvassed the State from the mountains
of Johnson county to the Chickasaw Bluffs m Shelby
county. I was in nearly every county in the State; and
well do I recollect the exciting events that took place dur-
ing that canvass. I had a competitor who was eloquent,
who is known to ninny members of this House, who was
with mo on eveiy stump m the State. One of the leading
issues in thai canvass was the Kansas-Nebraska bill I
pressed my competitor upon it before every audience, and
there were scarcely ever such turn-outs m the State as
during that canvass. It was one ot the main issues between
lnm and me."
I said that Americanism was the main issue, and i
almost the exclusive issue; for I had a perfect rec- ,
ollection that the canvass was opened on the part:
of the Americans with the most assured and con- ;
fident feeling that they would carry the State of- |
fleers by an overwhelming vote. So confident |
were they, that they asked aid from nobody, I ,
believe, as a general proposition, who did not be-
long to the order, and had not been regularly ini- \
tiated. I remember the alarm manifested by the j
opposite side. 1 afiirm that I was a lookcr-on in ^
that contest, though not engaged in it. My col-1
league said this was the main issue between him [
and his opponent for Governor, and added: i
" I piessed hnn upon it in every single speech I made in ■
the state, and tie uniformly declined to take ground." |
He uniformly failed to make the issue with him. ;
They had no issue on that subject. He went from |
Johnson to Shelby with his eloquent opponent, I
the main issue being the Kansas-Nebraska act, .
and yet that eloquent gentleman did not open his j
mouth on the subject I My colleague is a little 1
ing to what he says in his speech yesterday, for
Mr. Gentry does not seem to have met liim on that
question, and made no discussion about it. When ,
1 wanted to know last year what had been the
course of my colleague on the subject, I found a
speech of his, made in the canvass of 1856, in the
presidential election—a speech written by him-
seriTl understood, and said to have been deliv-
ered at a public meeting in Broad street, Nash-
ville. My colleague will understand me that as
to what he said on that occasion I liave nothing
to say, except on the information of others, for I
was not there. I was directed to his printed
speech by a friend, when I desired to see what
Governor Johnson's course had been, because
Governor Johnson has a potent influence in Ten-
nessee, even if you have not heard of him before,
and in his own party particularly. He controls
his party on many questions. If their opinions
and views do not correspond with his generally,
lie lets them understand that they shall conform
to his views. This is magnifying him greatly;
but not unduly.
Looking over that speech I found that his own
doctrine about popular sovereignty was partly
limited to a State coming into the Government,
and he partly relied on the fundamental principle
of the people having a right to do as they pleased;
but in the very next sentence he quoted a clause
from Mr. Buchanan's letter of acceptance, or some
letter he had written connected with this subject,
which recognized the broad principle of popular
sovereignty and the right of the people to govern
themselves, independent not only of Congress, but
of all other authorities, on the great principle that
has been heralded forth as the discovery of this
very recent age. They say it is as old as the Revo-
lution, the right of self-government existing in the
people at all times, which the President has rati-
fied and confirmed by his recent message, in which
he says that no restrictions, no trammels, no fet-
ters, can be imposed even by an organic act or
constitution of a State which they cannot override
whenever they please by amendment or abroga-
tion.
When I pointed to my friends the result of my
labors, on looking over that strongly written and
plausible speech,! said to them, this does not fur-
nish me the information. I had been told that
squatter sovereignty and popular sovereignty was
his hobby. They said, " Well, then, that speech
is not written out m conformity with whathe said
at a large public meeting at a certain time on Broad
street.'' I asked them if they could be satisfied
of that in any way. They replied, that probably
hundreds could testify, if I felt any interest in
prosecuting the subject, that he "illustrated the
doctrine of the right of the people before they
came into the Union, and while in the condition
of a Territory—the doctrine of popular or squatter
sovereignty—by asking," Does a man that squats
down have any less right of self-government and
sovereignty than when he is erect and standing
up?" „
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permis-
sion of my honorable colleague, X will say that
he seems to be predicating a position from which,
I presume, lie expects to draw some conclusions,
on a conversation that he had had with some in-
dividuals, either Democrats or somebody else, in
reference to a speech I made at Nashville. ^ My
views as delivered at that meeting are published
and printed in that speech, and I am responsible
for them as there. I would prefer my colleague
to make a quotation from the speech, and not a
. quotation from his memory of what somebody
i said about it. It is very easy, we all know, for
persons on both sides to misrepresent a speech.
Sometimes one understands it one way, and
sometimes another. A sentence is quoted, and
a particular expression is left out. My speech
was published in that same community, and cir-
culated by thousands. For that speech I am re-
sponsible.
Mr. BELL. I understand, then, that speech
was a retraxit of any former opinions he had, if
he had any such former opinions. I mean it was
a withdrawal, a change of opinion from any he
had entertained in the canvass of 1855.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That speech
contained the opinions I expressed that night,
written out and published—no withdrawal, no
alteration. .
Mr. BELL. I will not on such an occasion ask
