832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 24.
my colleague—I have no right to ask—whether !
he did not explain tl^at the great principle of the
right of the people to govern themselves, and
settle their own domestic institutions, applied to
their condition while a Territory as well as when
they should bp a State Did he not put it in this
form: whether, when they were squatting down,
they had any less power than when they were
standing up ? But I will not ask him that.
I do not wish to hold up my colleague fortius;
but I allude to it for the purpose of asking what
right he has to arraign any Senator's course on
tins subject, and with this view 1 have alluded,
and shall allude to his course. I have understood,
since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
that he concurred, in regard to it, with my re-
spected colleague in the House of Representatives,
George W. Jones, the most honest Democrat I
think I ever knew. I do not concur with him at
all in his views, but he does honor to his kind by
the uniform consistency of his course. 1 do not
think his principles are of a very enlarged char-
acter in reference to the operations of this Gov-
ernment, and the great questions of public policy
involvetWn its administration; but, nevertheless,
in my opinion, the views which he holds, he holds
conscientiously. I will not say what he has stated
to me, but I will say what he is understood to
avow, and to have the boldness to avow every-
where—that he was against the whole Kansas-
Nebraska bili, except for that one feature of
squatter sovereignty; that whatever others might
say aboutit, and however much they mightderide
it, that, and that alone, could induce him to give
a vote for such a bill as that repealing the IVIis-
souri compromise. I have understood that my
colleague agreed with our mutual colleague now
in the House of Representatives on that subject.
If I have misstated what his doctrine was, I have
done him injustice, and shall be ready to correct
it.
Here let me remark that in the canvass of 1856,
the people of the State of Tennessee began to have
some idea of the true bearings and tendencies of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and not before. I mean
that they had not before a full and adequate idea
of them. The majority of the people who favored
that bill in Tennessee, gave their support to it on
the ground that the people of a Territory, while
in the territorial state, were powerless as to the
question of slavery; and that it was only when
they came to form a State constitution that they
had the right of sovereignty to exclude it; and
therefore, I suppose it is, that my colleague, in
1856, not thin king proper to break his head against
what appeared to be something like a stone wall,
rather modified his principle. I infer that, and I
think, under all the circumstances, I have a right
to speak a little by conjecture in relation to the
motives of his course. Mind you, sir, I am not
imputing it to corrupt motives. There was a pow-
erful reason why, at that particular time, itshould
be understood that his opinions were in conform-
ity with the general views of his party in rela-
tion to the construction of that act. Great diffi-
culties had arisen in Kansas, and the question
debated was, whether the people of a Territory,
while in the territorial condition, could exclude
slavery. On this point there was a difference of
opinion manifested in the Senate between the
friends of that bill. But I have not time now to
dwell on that subject, and I shall not comment
upon it.
i have spokpn of the election of 1855, and I have
asserted that Americanism was the main,and al-
most exclusive, ground of that contest. It was
just such a question as was pending in the State
of Virginia at the time Mr. Wise took the field in
opposition to the American party, and theyacfed
so foolishly as to let him traverse the State without
a competitor to meet him. A similar contest was
going on in Tennessee, and that State was counted
on as certain for the Americans by a large ma-
jority. They could tell, as they said, and I believe
it is the fact, the number they had m their coun-
cils. 1 think it was upward of one hundred thou-
sand, and no person doubted the election of Colo-
nel Gentry, when he became a candidate. Colonel
Gentry, however, with all his powers of debate,
and all his eloquence, had not the strength in that
contrast which it'might be supposed such a man
would possess, and which, in previous political
contests, he himself had possessed. He had voted
for General Pierce against General Scott in the
preceding presidential election, and that withdrew
from him the support of a great number of the old
Whigs, and he was weakened by that. 1 reaffirm
what I stated yesterday, without going over all
the details, that the State of'Tennessee did not
declare against me in that election.
I ought to state another fact in this connection.
Before 1 left Washington in the spring of 1855,
I stated to all who inquired what my course would
be, that 2 would vote for the American ticket.
Several old Whigs consulted me, by letter and
personally, and I said, " We had better support
the American party. Although its platform is too
exclusive for the success of a great national party,
yet it may contain a germ from which we can ulti-
mately develop a great national party." I advised
my friends to support it on that principle. I recol-
lect now, when I think on the subject, that the pres-
ent Postmaster General, during the canvass of
1855, either in a speech or a pamphlet which he
published, attempted to make capital out of the fact
that I did not belong to the American party—that
I had not gone into its councils and taken its
oaths. I was cited as an example of the course of
experienced public men in reference to that party.
Near the close of the canvass in Sumner county—
my colleague well knows where that was—an
attempt was made, I think by the PostmasterGen-
eral, to state that I would not support the Ameri-
can party; or if he did not say it, some other pub-
lic speaker did. A gentleman who was present,
and who had seen me within a few days, declared
that he could state to the contrary; and "that al-
though Mr. Bell was nota member of the party, he
would support its ticket." You may judge, sir,
from this whether there was any war upon me
duiing that canvass asto my vote on the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, or any excitement or great interest
on that subject. The interest which the Demo-
cratic party felt at that time was to put down
Americanism, which seemed to threaten to over-
whelm them in that section.
The next point which I shall notice is the cita-
tion by my colleague of the Cincinnati platform
to show the grounds on which he will support the
admission of Kansas under the Lccompton con-
stitution; or perhaps he quoted it for the purpose
of showing that no enabling acf on the part of
Congress was necessary prior to the admission
of a State. I do not allude to this in reference to
the tenor of his addioss to the Senate so much as
to show the principle to the support of which my
colleague is diiven by party considerations. He
quotes a resolution of the Democratic platform,
from the first pait of which it would seem that it
acknowledges full power in the people of a Ter-
ritory to control this subject, but then in the lat-
ter part of it comes the limitation " whenever the
number of their inhabitants justifies it." The
Cincinnati platform is an indorsementof the pop-
ular-sovereignty feature of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill when a Territory contains a sufficient num-
ber of inhabitants to form a State.
I allude to that for the purpose of showing what
is the evil of these controversies that rjpw beset
us. They engender new, before unheard of, disor-
ganizing, anarchical doctrines. Here is the Dem-
ocratic platform referred to as making constitu-
tional law for the Democratic party, or as having
the force and effect of constitutional law. This
was referred to for the purpose of showing that
Kansas had a right to admission into the Union
under that platform without any enabling act from
Congress whenever she had a sufficient number
of inhabitants to justify it. M^tcollcague says the
people must first make a State, and then it is for
Congress to say whether it shall be admitted or
not. I shall not, however, comment on that
point.
My colleague comes next to speak of the com-
plaints which he supposes I made of the injus-
tice of the Legislature of Tennessee, in regard to
the extracts taken from one of my speeches in
1854, and which I said were garbled. I did not
allude tn this in any spirit of complaint toward
the Legislature. These acts were incorporated in
the resolutions, and are printed in them, and yet
my colleague took the pains to read them verbatim;
and then lie said " these are no garbled extracts;
they carry their context with them; they are
taken verbatim from his own speech, which he is
presumed to have read and revised, and printed
in pamphlet form and circulated over the coun-
try." I did suppose that my colleague, who has
studied so profoundly the principles on which all
Governments must stand, the philosophy of gov-
ernment as well as the philosophy of slavery,
would understand that an extract from a speech
may well be objected to as a garbled extract when
it leaves out the context remaining in the speech
which is not quoted or referred to. I never said
that these extracts were not taken verbatim et lit-
eratim from my published speech; but that they
misrepresented what I said in the Senate. I said
they were garbled because the preamble did not
refer to other passages in my speech which would
explain the meaning of the circumstances which
I would require before I would consider such a
question to have been decided against me by the
people, and that was after they should come to
understand the principles and objects of that bill,
and see its consequences.
My colleague asks what time do I want ? I said
in my first remarks that the first election which
took place m Tennessee was fifteen months after
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and then
they did not d^fcide against me. He says they did,
according to his construction of the result* and
they decided against me again in 1856 and 1857,
and he says that this is surely time enough for
the people to understand the question. I beg leave
to say that it is understood only to a very limited
extent, indeed. In the resolutions introduced into
the Legislature in 1854 the idea of restoring the
statics of the Territory to what it was under the
treaty with France before the passage of the Mis-
souri compromise, was one of the grounds on
which they predicated their course. He might
have stated still further that many of the members
here, some Whigs from the South of whom I have
a knowledge, vindicated their course before that
bill passed, on the ground that it was a blotting
out of the charge of a breach of national faith
which the world might bring against the Congress
of the United States under an article of the treaty
with Prance by which the Territory was acquired.
In this respect I cannot say that I was surprised,'
because 1 know that these discussions proceed
generally upon party grounds and party interests,
and the people vote on the one side or the other,
according to the party to which they belong. The
question was not considered so vital to them that
it was important that th^y should construe and
criticise nicely the provisions of the bill. I asked
a gentleman very htgh in position, a lawyer who
takes an interest tn all questions of this kind, and
who has taken an active interest m the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, if he was certain that he under-
stood all its provisions, and whether his friends
did. He inquired of me to what points my in-
quiry was specially directed5 1 asked him if he
understood what was the effect of the Badger pro-
viso, for example > He did not remember it by
that name, and had never heard of it. I pointed
out to him what it was, and showed that, after
all, there was direct and positive intervention by
Congress in the passage of that bill. You did
not leave Kansas Territory as you had left New
Mexico and Utah, subject to the local law then
existing, and the effect that law might have under
the treaty in the opinion of the Supreme Court of
the United States; but by the Kansas-Nebraska
act you removed the status, which was a slavery
one, that existed in that Territory before the pas-
sage of that bill. He said his attention had never
been turned to it, and he had never heard it sug-
gested in any of the debates on the subject. In .
my own intercourse with the people, T have yet
to find the first man who understood that ques-
tion properly. It may have been talked about
from the stump, but it was not understood gener-
ally. I do not mean to say that the people have
not intelligence; I do not mean to say that the
large portion of them are not reading people and
thinking people; but I say the fact is as I have
stated; and it is so because they generally follow
the lead of the leaders of their party, and vote
with them. I undertake to say that at this day,
there are not five hundred men in Tennessee who
understand that bill perfectly, particularly in re-
lation to that point and the dispute between the
North and the South as to its proper Construc-
tion—whether the people can decide the slavery
question for themselves in the territorial condi-
tion, or whether they can only do it when they
come to form a State. We can hardly'expect that
that subject will be viewed by the North and the
South in the same light. Probably the decision
