2942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
foundation of the Government, in electing Sena-
tors to this body. More than that, I believe it in-
volves a question of constitutional power of great
importance.
The Constitution of the United States declares
thatSenators shall be chosen by the Legislatures
of.the States, and that is the supreme layr on the
subject. It needs no State regulation; but at all
events nothing less than the transcendent power
of the sovereignty of a State properly invoked
can create a Senator of the United States. No
fraction of that power, no department of the State
government, nothing less than the legislative
power of the State can electa Senator of the United
States. That power I admit may be exercised
in just such way and manner as the State may
see fit to prescribe, inasmuch as the Congress of
the United States though having the constitu-
tional right to do it, have not prescribed a time and
manner of election.
In my judgment, there may be a great variety
of methods by which a Senator may be chosen
conformable to the Constitution of the United
States; but in every instance, and whatever be
the mode, it must be by the legislative power of
the State invoked fairly upon the subject. 1 know
that the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] on
a former occasion, contended that the election
might be made by Senators and Representatives
at large composing the different Houses of the
State Legislature, however they might have a
mind to convene, however they might assemble
themselves together, whether they had the assent
of two bodies sitting as legislative bodies to meet,
or whether they assembled casually anywhere for
any purpose. I do not so understand. The
members of a legislative body are not the Legis-
lature unless when convened in conformity to the
law and the constitution of the State, no more
than Tom, Dick, and Harry, in the streets, are
the Legislature. We are not a Senate of the Uni-
ted States when we disperse from here; we can-
not assemble at other places informally to conduct
the business of legislation as the Senate of the
United States; but we must assemble here in con-
formity to the constitution and the laws of the
body to transact business.
The question in this case lies in a very narrow
compass, and a great deal has been said that does
not seem to me necessary to be touched in order
to come to a decision. The point is, whether the
Senators from Indiana have been elected in con-
formity to the Constitution of the United States.
A great variety of reasons have been given to
show that they were legally elected. Some sup-
pose it to be important to travel back, and inquire
into the qualification of some Senators in the State
Legislature of Indiana, to know whether they
had a right to participate in this election or not.
I do not suppose we can go into that. If they sat
there by color of office, recognized by the body
as members, we cannot go behind that to canvass
the question whether they were really elected or
not. That is immaterial; it is out of the case,
because the only evidence we can have on such a
fact is here on the record attesting the legal qual-
ification of all the members of the Indiana Senate.
Whether any question of that kind might at any
former stage of the proceedings have been raised
or not, there, is now no such question before us at
all. In my judgment, there never was any such
question legitimately, nor could there be, because,
as 1 understand, whatever a legislative body may
do is to be done by those holding seats, whether
de jacto or de jure makes no difference. Wculd it
not he singular, if, when we have passed a law,
you should go back and canvass the votes, and
then try the question whether the gentlemen who
voted for it were all entitled to their seats or not;
It would be absurd and ridiculous, and no such
argument as that can prevail anywhere.
The Senator from Louisiana has stated that his
first impressions of this case were strongly against
the rightof the sitting members to theirseats, that
he at first believed that their title could not be
maintained. His first impressions were lawyer-
like, and cannot be overthrown; and yet he thinks
he has discovered new lightupon the subject that
has entirely overturned the ideas he at first en-
tertained. I hardly could see exactly what the
strength of this newly-discovered testimony was
that had changed his position. It certainly was
not that some three or four weeks before this elec-
tion took place, Jim Lane and his crew were figur-
ing there in the Legislature; but I believe that was
the reason he assigned—that the evidence had dis-
closed the fact that the notorious Jim Lane, who
has since figured in Kansas, was there in that le-
gislative body, and he thought he was armed!
The evidence, perhaps, does not exactly sustain
that; but I do not see how it could be material
whether he was armed or disarmed. Armed or
unarmed, he had not the potency to overthrow the
law and constitution of the State; nor could it make
the least difference in* the world on the question
now before us. All these are outside make-weights
that might be thrown in to confuse a jury, but it
seems to me can weigh little among lawyers in
the Senate of the United States. Why, sir, sup-
pose by any means a legislative body is wrong-
fully prevented from doing that which it has a con-
stitutional right to do, nay, which it is its duty to
do; suppose it is wrongfully prevented from exer-
cising power: you cannot construe the wrongful
prevention into a real exercise and say the power
has been exercised. If Jim Lane and his myrmi-
dons had interposed there to prevent votes being
cast for a Senator^ could any man say that a Sen-
ator was elected on the ground that the Legisla-
ture was wrongfully deprived of the privilege of
making an election? I think not.
The Senator from Missouri says that the Indi-
ana Legislature did meet for this purpose, exer-
cising their legislative power properly and fairly
under theconstitution,and therefore they did elect
a Senator. How do you make that out? The
constitution and laws of Indiana prescribe the
mode in which the votes for Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor should be canvassed before a
joint meeting of both branches of the General As-
sembly. It*was a mere ministerial act. It was
the duty of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives to count the votes; and it was the prov-
ince of the members of the two Houses to assem-
ble there and see that the votes were fairly counted
if they saw fit to attend to it; but it made no dif-
ference whether a quorum was present or not. It
was sufficient that fair notice was given that the
votes were about to be opened; and it would have
been very singular if the whole number of mem-
bers of the two Houses had been patient enough
to go and witness it. We know it is not so here
in similar cases. You would not get ten members
of this body to be present to witness the perform-
ance of any such ministerial act, when they all
knew beforehand what the result of the election
was. It was rather their privilege to be present
than a duty to be enjoined on them. It was the
Speaker's businesstocount and canvass the votes,
and it was the privilege of the representatives of
the people to be presentto see that everything was
, conductcd fairly. Do you call that a joint meet-
ing where legislative acts might be performed,
and can you, from such miserable beginnings,
draw a power to legislate and to adjourn ? It ap-
pears to me that no lawyer can contend for any
such thing. It was an assembly for a transient
purpose: to meet on one day for a specific pur-
pose, going no further than that, contemplating
no legislation. Never in the history of the world
was any legislative act performed by such a body.
Here was a mere attempt to do indirectly that
which everybody knew they could not do directly,
but which it would have been infinitely more manly
to do directly, and to say, 4< we, the members of
the Democratic pai ty of each branch of the Legis-
lature, intend to meet at such a time in the hall of
the House of Representatives, or somewhere else,
and go into the election of United Statps Sena-
tors." That would have been infinitely better
notice than was the going into this so-called joint
convention for the particular purpose of count-
ing the votes for Governor, and when they had
got there, with men off their guard, supposing
nothing else would be done, then to undertake to
do a thing entirely and utterly disconnected with
the object of the meeting. That was not acting
in the frank and open manner in which a legisla-
tive body should act. It would have been better
to serve notice that you intended to go into an
election. I would do that before I would skulk
under this thing you call a joint convention. Sir,
I am astonished that any lawyer should contend
that a meeting called for the purpose of witness-
ing the counting of the votes for Governor and
Lieutenant Governor had the power to do acts of
a legislative character entirely disconnected with
the object for which the meeting was convened.
In my judgment, the whole case turns upon that
point. Is it in the power of those who have a
majority* in one branch, and a minority in the
other, to form a joint convention, consisting of a
majority of the whole number, against the will,
and without the consent of one branch ? That is
all there is in the case. That is the point.
As I said, it is without precedent. No prece-
dent for it can be found from the foundation of
the Government. That stands confessed. There
is no such case to be found. This shows what
has been the general sense of the people of the
United States on the subject in the several States
of the Union, for I hardly know of one which lias
not given a strong construction to this very prin-
ciple. There is nothing more tempting to poli-
ticians than to feel themselves strong enough in
one branch to overpowerthe other, and elect these
high officers in that way. No greater temptation
could ever be placed before a politician than to do
this very act, if it could constitutionally be done;
and is it not a little remarkable, that in all the
strong contests for political power under this Gov-
ernment for more than sixty years, no party, until
now, has had the presumption to suppose that the
deed could be done? Why, sir, in almost every
State in the Union the wishes of a dominant ma-
jority have sometimes been baffled in regard to
the election of members to this body. The ma-
jority has constantly been defeated whenever it
was the will of the minority having the control of
one branch to resist going into an ejection. I
always held it to be wrong; I always neld it to be
incompatible with the duty of a legislator to place
himself in this attitude to prevent and throw back
the legislation of the country for mere party pur-
poses; but it has been done by all parties, and
much oftener by the Democratic party than by
any other. It has, however, been done in every
State, and nowhere so often and in so marked a
manner as in the very State from which these
claimants come. That, to be sure, is a matter of
no consequence, except so far as it shows the
settled opinions of the whole country upon this
subject. If, at any time, it had been supposed
that, in defiance of one branch of the Legislature,
a majority of the other could meet under the pre-
tense of counting gubernatorial votes, or under
any other pretense, and could go into a senatorial
election, would a dominant majority ever have
been baffled in their grasp for political power?
No, sir; and this.furnishes the strongest evidence
of the sense and understanding of the whole na-
tion, because it has never been done before under
the most powerful temptations constantly to do it.
This was so plain that it required a little hardi-
hood to attempt the undertaking for the first time.
How could those who assembled in defiance of a
coordinate branch of their Legislature say that
they had the assent of the Legislature, or that the
election was made by the Legislature, when one
branch protested against the act to be done? I
know that the majority of that branch have been
censured in unmeasured terms for defeating, as
you say, the will of the majority of the whole
number, and preventing an election. That will not
do. It has been too often practiced by all parties
who call themselves high and respectable men to
justify you in denouncing the act now. I think
it was a stretch of political power that should
never have been indulged; but nevertheless itwas
a constitutional right, because the power to elect
Senators was vested in the State Legislature, and
it could not be done without their assent. Can
you steal the assent of a body ? can you defraud
them of it? can you get them together slyly for
one purpose, and then attempt to perform another,
and that, too, against the known will and open
protest of one body? The idea, in my judgment,
is ridiculous. Have you the assent of the Legisla-
ture to adjourn your joint convention when one
branch stand off protestingthat they will not take
part in it, saying " we are not of you; we will
not join you m this election; we protest against
your doing it?" Yet we are to be told that be-
cause Jim Lane was there, that because some of
the members, perchance, were not legally elected,
or because of something else, you could get over
this constitutional provision ! Sir, I do not care
how you were bafRed; the fact stands out glaring-
ly before the world that you elccted these Sena-
tors without the assent of the Legislature. No
argument can make it good. No ingenuous man
will contend that there is evidence here to show
