1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
the House might well be directed, whether the
benefits to be derived from a continuance of this
system are worth what it will cost to the Govern-
ment.
But my principal object in asking my friend to
yield me the floor was to say a word here in ref-
erence to Mr. Fiagg. I have had some acquaint-
ance with that gentleman from my connection
with this matter during the last Congress, and I
am astonished at the charges the gentleman from
New York has made here to-day; and I think it
is due to Mr. Flagg that the gentleman from New
York should state his authority. Those charges
go to the country, and reflect severely upon Mr.
Flagg.
Mr. KELLY. I have made no charges.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to conclude my re-
marks, but the gen tleiuen are consuming my time.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is not in order.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to say this: if the gen-
tleman desires to have this matter investigated, let
him introduce a resolution for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hardly
think it fair for the gentleman from New York to
get up here and make charges upon rumor against
an honorable man—a man who has held an im-
portant position, and has discharged his duties,
as I think every gentleman will concede, with
signal ability.
Mr. KELLY. I have made no charge, and
shall make no charge, against the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman state his authority for what he has
said?
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 cannot agree to yield any
further. I have something further to say upon
tins subject myself.
Mr. KELLY. I will say 
Mr. NICHOLS. Inasmuch as I have declined
to yield to the gentleman fiom New York, I must
resume the floor from the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. Chairman  
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NICHOLS. With all these extraneous
matters—with the discussion of family differences
and difficulties, which have led to the removal of
one man and the substitution of another—I have
nothing to do, and I desire to have nothing to do
with them. Such was not my object in laismg
this discussion.
I am extremely gratified to hear from the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] that
the very subject which has occupied my attention
for some time has also occupied the attention o.f
an appropriate committee of the House. I was
gratified to hear that he has arrived at the same
conclusion that I have arrived at. I do not know
who fills this olfice. It is nothing to me who does.
As I said, sir, I am happy to hear the gentleman
from North Carolina [Air. Winslow] say that his
committee has arrived at the same conclusion
which I wished to indicate when I rose this morn-
ing and took the floor. So far as the character of
the work, which is the sole and only result of this
bureau, is concerned, I only ask that the Clerk
read the extracts winch T send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The London Atlieneeum of Feb *uaiv*20, in no-
ticing volume four of the 'Commeicial ilelati.'n-.,' •"iivit
' The highe-t piaise is due to the limine of Jlepie-cntatfws
for publishing tln-3 comprehensive and really national :<■-
poit, which bung* into one view the entne comineicitil
Uatusoithe United States with the entire woud."
Mr. NICHOLS. And again, sir, I ask the
Clerk to read the following:
The Clerk read :
[Translation.]
DEP-SR/I'MFNT OJ A'iiu< uf/rrnF.
COMMERCiO. AND PliTJJ.T \V0RK'<!,
L'arjs, Mr/,c!i ~>T>. IS™.
Sir: You did me (he honor to tian-nnt to mo, on the 7th
of Uu-5 month, a copy of a document on thocommeieial to
lafions of the United States with loicisn c<mntiio=, entitled
f Commercial Duje.-ts.' This document forms the first 'vol-
ume of a publication which is to be composed oi tliiee vol-
umes, which has been oidcned by tho Hou-e < t Representa-
tives, and is executed um'ci the dnection of the Secretary
of State by Mr. Edmund FiasK, an officer of the State De-
pat tmc tit You call my 5>pcoial attention to tin. woi k, whivdi
hn-? been suggested, you say. by the An/iaici du Cj/iim^rce
Erlcnein, and, pii'iculatly, to the report fh'ttei} at the
comm"ncemenr, in which Mr. Edmund Fia<_rg mentions
with piano the publication emanating ftom thcDepaitment
oi Agneulluie and Commerce.
I thank you for having sent me this book, which is par-
ticularly interesting to my department. The Minister of
France at Washington had already communicated to the
Imperial Government the romniknble repoit [letter] of Mr.
Flagg to Mr. Marcy ; and 1 had noticed the iriendly terms
ia which it speaks ot the Annates du Commerce Eztetieur.
These commendations acquire a still greater value in pres-
ence of the work which you have been pleased to send to
me. The volume sums up methodically the relatious of
the United States with the different foietgn commies, as
well as the taiifis, and the leguiations of customs and of
navigation, and the maritime exhibits of tho?e countries.
It contains, also, an analysis of all treaties of commerce
and navigation contracted by the United States—an analy-
sis which is made on the model of the synopsis of treaties
contracted by France, published in the Annates dxi Com-
merce Exteiicxir. It contains, in short, abundantand use-
ful information ; and I am happy to recognize in it maikod
improvement over woiks of the same character previously
published hy the American Government. A further im-
provement wtil be accomplished when, m accordance with
the wish of Mr. Flagg, Congress shall presenile a continu-
ous, periodical, and practically u>e!ui publication, like that
which my department has constantly issued lor many
yeais.
I should be very much obliged to you if you could pro-
cure for the use of the bureau of Foieign Commerce a sec-
ond copy of the Coinnieieial Digests, and hereafter for-
\vnid to me, in duplicate, copies of the oilier volumes as
soon as they shall have appeared.
Accept, sir, the assurance of my entire consideration.
ROUttER,
Minister of Agriculture, Comma ce, and Public World.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, one word in
reference to the statement made by the gentleman
from New York ap to the utility of the bureau as
at present organized. The gentleman from North
Carolina said that his committee, which had given
the subject a careful consideration, thought it was
unnecessary. I think so too, and I will give my
reasons for that opinion. If it be desirnhle to col-
lect statements of this character, then it is desira-
ble that they shall be collated and analyzed. Here
(exhibiting a copy) is a volume of statistics col-
lected under an old law—the law of 1842. Unless
you confine this thing to a digest of the results of
trade which have been obtained, and which digest
shall be given periodically, the collection of sta-
tistics amounts to a mere nonentity. Before these
mere statistical tables are got out there will have
been changes and modifications, and they will then
be utterly unreliable. I believe the Government
could make a department of the kind useful to the
country. I believe that the man who last presided
over the State Department had correct ideas on the
subject when he proposed a monthly or a semi-
monthly report of the results of trade throughout
the world. Willi comprehensive grasp of intel-
lect, that groat statesman, in his range of thought
and ideas, traversed the whole world; he sought
the improvements in the arts, sciences, and the
manufactures of all nations—with their commer-
cial changes, and the cause of then growth in com-
mercial prosperity. He sought to make the arts,
the sciences, the commercial knowledge, aVid the
prosperity of the globe, suboidinato to tho inter-
ests and prosperity of our own people; but such,
sir, is not th'1 ruling spirit of that Department now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to know who
is the present head of tho bureau?
Mr. NICHOLS. These interruptions have en-
tirely broken the thread of my lemarks. I find that
i have occupied about enough of the time of the
committee with this question. I believe, I will
say m conclusion, that there ou°ht to be a good
statistical bureau, and that it should be trans-
ferred from the State to the Treasui y Department,
to which it properly belongs. I am sorry that
anything I have said may have given occasion for
a disturbance in the internal economy of the party
of my Democratic friends; and I trust, sir, these
gentlemen who have developed the fact that they
are not, as might be hoped, a " happy family," |
will believe me when I say that 1 had no object !|
in view which would provoke recriminations in '\
any part of this Hall. _ ||
Mr. R.UFFIN obtained the floor, but yielded to ;]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. With the gentlr-
man 'a pei mission, I will send to the Clerk'a desk |
the law under which tins thing is done. ij
The Clerk read, as follows: ij
An aot to amend an act entitled " An net requiting'or'-ign 'j
mutilations ot fommeiee to be laid annually bei.ue (Vn- j
gioss*," approved August 16, ldW.andlor othei puipohos. j
Be, it enacted hi/the Senate and Jhn^e of Representative*
of the United Stuies of Amend ui Convicts assembled, That |
m addition to the change* and modification-' m tho < om j
meu'iitl py-tems of othei nit'OiK. now !eri:it,x! by >a,d act, !
it "hall be tho dutv of the Seeiet.uy ot Slate to lav beioie
Uon'jiefth .uiJiaailv. witNu si vty day* a-it Mho comtiK'nee-
moniof each ordinary ^'^sioii, -i> a pan ot said jcporf. all |
other commercial liitbiuicUiou conhiiuitieated to tiie State i
Department by consular and diplomatic agents of tbia Gov-
ernment abtoad, or contained in the official publications of
other Governments, which he shgdi deem su/Sctenily im-
portant.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That fo-enable the
Secietary of State to "make said repoit, it is hereby declared
to be the duty of eon uh arid eomineicial agents of the Uni-
ted States in foreign countries, to procure and transmit to
the Department of State authentic commercial information
respecting said countries, of such eharactei, and m such
manner and form, and at nueh time*", aa said Depaitment
may, from time to tune prescribe ; and it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of Slate, in said animal report, to specify
the names of any ofsaid officers who may have been remiss
m their duty enjoined by tlu-s act.
Sec. U. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
State be, and is hereby, authorized and rcquiied to appoint
one cleik, who shall have chmgo of .nati-stics in said De-
prutment, and shall be called " Supenntendent of Statis-
tics," and shall receive a salary of two thousand dollars per
annum, and shall be allowed as an assistant one cleik of
the third cla^s, which clerk the Speietary 01 Slate is hereby
authorized and tequiied to appoint.
Appioved, August 18, 1856.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Here the committee rose informally; and Mr.
Miixson having taken the chair, in the absence
of the Speaker, a message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. James
Buchanan Henry, his Private Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Presidenthad approved an
act for the relief of Duncan Robertson; and,also,
that he was directed to deliver to the House of
Representatives a message in writing.
The message was accompanied by a vast pile
of documents, and caused much laughter.
The commtttee then resumed its session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
that must be a very important message which has
just been received from the President, I suppose
that it must involve the safety and perpetuity of
this Union, from the quantity of papers that ac-
companies it. I move that this committee rise,
that it may be read. I want to know what has
brought tins immense amount of papers here. I
want to know if this is the result of the great con-
troversy about Cuba, or if tho Mormons arc about
to invade tho Capitol. [Laughter.]
Thf CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina has the floor.
Mr. RUFFIN. I will yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, as I presume I shall have the
floor when we go into committee again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 201, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, with
the consent of the House. I ask that the message
just received from the President be taken up and
read.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Rcpi aentatives:
Tn compliance with the resolutions of the House of Rep-
resentatives of 19th January, 16.V7, and 3d Febiuary, 1858,
I heiewuh transmit the lepmt of the Secretary of "the In-
terior, with accompanying document*
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, May 3,1853.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to have
those documents read, and let them be put some-
where where the House can sec them. [A laugh.]
Mr. CL1NGMAM. Lot the communication of
the Secretary of the Interior he read.
The communication of the Secretary of the In-
terior was read as follows:
Department of Interior, April 30, 1853.
Sir: I have the honor to ttun^miT heiewuh copies ot the
cor. e-pon.icitce and document-, called for bj tho resolutions
oi the House of Uepiedcntatives of January 19, 1357, and
Febui.ii\ 3, 1S5S; al-o a copy of the lcttei of'the Acting
Oo'ntm^Monci of hidian AlTaus., tiansmitting the same to
tlii-! Depamnent, daled the *28th in-oant.
With gieat loj-peet. vour obedient seivant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary of Interior,
To the PRrsjpcNT.
Mr. FAULKNER. I should like to have those
resolutions which are referred to in the message
read, so that we may know what these documents
refer to.
