THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 53;
of the Supreme Court alone can bring them to-
gether, if indeed, the North recognizes the author-
ity of that decision. That may reconcile thorn,
but nothing else can. I am sure that up to last
year the people of Tennessee did not understand
whether the measure was to be viewed as giving
to the people of Kansas, while under territorial
government, a right to decide the question, or
whether they could do it only when they come
to form a State constitution.
But my colleague has arraigned me as having
been prepared, at all times, to make concessions
to the North. He has spoken of me, and he has
made allusions to me, and directed at me, as if I
had, from an early period in my career in Con-
gress, fixed my eye on the Presidency, and adopt-
ed a policy which was calculated to conciliate the
North. He has referred to my public acts, and
speeches, and votes, for the purpose of sustaining
him in the position that I have been at all times
ready to make concessions to the North with the
motive which I have indicated.
Mr. President, I have seen it stated somewhere,
and 1 regard it as the greatest compliment which
has ever been paid to me as a public man, that 1
was constitutionally conservative; that this feeling
was ingrained in my very nature. From the time
I w&S old enough to form some opinion or judg-
ment of my own, as to the probable duration of
this great Union, I saw, or thought I saw, that
the question of slavery coming to be concentrated
or localized in a section in the South, having no
existence in the North, was the greatest peril to
which it was exposed. My whole policy in rela-
tion to that subject has been to keep down unne-
cessary agitation, to dry up its sources, to make
no false or imprudent issues on the subject, to
take no indiscreet steps to precipitate a contest
between the North and the South, or even a hos-
tile collision of sentiment. The question on the
reception of abolition petitions came up in Con-
gress when I was quite young, and when it would
hardly be expected that 1 could have those aspir-
ations to which my colleague alluded, at so early
a period in my public life, when there was such a
vast host marching far in advance of me. This
w$s at a period when it cannot fairly be presumed
that anybody of my age could have any preten-
sions to the highest honors in this country. Ifeel
myself called upon to review, somewhat, my
course in reference to the charges of my colleague,
made yesterday.
I was called upon to act on the question of the
proper reception and disposition to be made of
the petitions for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, which began to come in
rapidly upon us as the emancipation policy seemed
to advance and approximate to its consummation
in England. It was an off-shoot from abolition
societies in England. When these petitions were
first presented they did not attract much atten-
tion; but by-and-by they multiplied to such a de-
gree as to attract notice. The unanimous course
of the southern delegation, taken without much
consideration or reflection, was to vote against the
reception of such petitions,consideringthe subject
to be one on which Congress had not the power
to act. I gave one or two, or it may be three,
votes against the reception of these petitions, with
other southern men. In a year or two I found
that this course on the part of southern mem-
bers tended to multiply the numbers, the power,
and the influence of the abolition societies of the
North. Then, speaking only to my colleagues,
the Representatives of my own State, I pointed
out to them the mischievous tendency of making
a question on the right of petition—an old, tra-
ditional, and popular right, which I thought it
dangerous to interfere with, particularly when it
could do no possible harm to receive those peti-
tions, refer them to a committee, and have a re-
port on them at the end of each session. I thought
there was no danger, at that period, but that a
report would uniformly be made against them.
Mr. Adams, at the time of which I speak, was
chairman of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. He contested strongly for the right of
J petition; and from his looks and his manner and
the spirit he manifested, it was evident that he.
would be chopped into mince pieces before he
would surrender that right. At that very time he
told me privately that if those petitions were sent
to him he should report against them, not on the
ground that he did not think Congress had power
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia,,but
because he would considerits abolition as a breach
of the good faith which was pledged by the North
■when this District was selected as the seat of Gov-
| eminent, surrounded by two large slaveholding
; States. I had taken my course before that time,
and as the question progressed in heat I became
more dpeply interested in it. I saw the mischief
it was doing. We were warned by the North that
we were giving a strength to the Abolitionists
which it was not possible for them ever to attain
! of themselves. We were warned that they were
! gaining strength by urging on the people that the
j South would not even hear petitions on the sub-
j ject. So strong were my convictions on this point,
' that in 1839-40, in the presidential canvass be-
: tween Mr. Van Buien and General Harrison,
! when my own friends in my section of the coun-
! try wished to take decided ground against Mr.
[ Van Bnren on account of his anti-slavery tenden-
! ctesand propensities, as evinced by his vote in the
j New York Legislature, to instruct the Senators
I from that State to vote against the admission of
I Missouri, and other acts of his, I took this ground
distinctly: tins is a delicate question; here is a
great national contest; the parties are both na-
tional; you see what has been the effect of the re-
jection of abolition petitions up to tins time; it has
been to give a strength to the Abolitionists of the
North which they never could have,otherwise at-
tained; we ought to suppress the agitation in all
cases where, from party considerations, there is
any inducement whatever to bring it to bear on
the elections; and I held aloof. I told them that
they must excuse me on that ground; I was con-
scientious in relation to it, and while I would not
oppose this course on their part if they thought
proper to pursue it, I could not cooperate with
them in it. That was a period long anterior to the
present, but not so far back as when the question
first arose in the House of Representatives.
When I commenced voting for the reception of
abolition petitions, I was assailed at home on the
same grounds, in substance, which were urged
by my colleague yesterday. 1 was charged with
being an Abolitionist; but when I came before the
people I never had occasion to make more than
two or three speeches in vindication of my course.
To be sure, I had not the whole State to canvass,
but I was sustained by the people of my district.
During the whole period of our contests in Ten-
nessee, the Democracy have denounced the Whig
party as Federalists, as aristocrats, as monarch-
ists in principle. They have held themselves up
as being the missionaries of freedom throughout
the world, as friends of the extension of the area
of freedom, as friends of mankind; and they as-
sailed me as an Abolitionist because I voted to
receive abolition petitions on the ground that by
their policy they had created Abolitionists by
thousands every year they had persisted m it. I
went before the people on that issue and I never
had occasion to make more than two or three
speeches upon it. After that time I never heard
ot it in my State—certainly I never heard of it in
my district, nor when I canvassed the State as I
have done twice, I believe, as elector.
I dislike to detain the Senate on such a matter
as this; but the assault which has been made on
me by my colleague, I think justifies me in pur-
suing the subject farther, and 1 mean to do it with
the indulgence of the Senate. I have before me
a letter written by myself m the contest between
Van Buren and Harrison, in 1840. I do not know |
the date of the letter, but it was published in the j
Intelligencer of the 8th of August, 1840. The j
letter was in defense of General Harrison against j
whom a prejudice was attempted to be raised in ;
the South. Here let mo say that no greater patriot, I
no greater friend of the Union of these States, and '
no greaterfriend, on justprinciples, to the protec-
tion of slavery ever lived m this country than theft
gallant old hero. This letter was addressed to
the Hon. George R. Gjhnore of Georgia, an old
and intimate political, and, I flatter myself, a per-
sonal friend, with whom I was associated for
many years in the House of Representatives £ and
I believe he is yet living, a respected and vener-
able citizen of Georgia. I beg leave to read a few
paragraphs from this letter, and if it were not too
great a tax on the Senate, I think in these times
it would not be unprofitable to read the whole of
it, because I claim it to be prophetic to a great
extent. In that letter, I declared:
" The deliberate and persevering obstinacy with which
the supporieis of the Administration, in the slave Stated,
persist in making Abolition one of the issues between the
two great parties winch now divide the country, J consider
wicked and mischievous in the highest degree. That all the
appiehensions of an accession of strength to the abolition
movement in fhe event of Whig success, and the conse-
quent alarms for the safety of the South, so incessantly
proclaimed by the paiti&ans of Mr. Van Buren in that sec-
tion, are utterly groundless; no careful observer of the cir-
cumstances of the times, and of the state of the abolition
question, can for a moment doubt. If any guarantee for the
security of southern institutions were wan'ing, m addition
to those of the well-known feelings and opinions of General
Harrison, and the great body of his? northern supporters, it
can be provided m the decided, generous, and united sup-
poit which the whole riouth and Southwest mny accord to
his pretensions. If there woneizemleman m thcSouth who
really teel< the alarm lie professes, he will perceive that the
only safety, ni the pie>ent aspect of panics, is for the slave
States to tally as one man upon General Harrison. Such a
manifestation of confidence in tliegre.it Whig majoiity in
the Nortli and East, could not fail to increase the existing
good teelinirs amoni; them towards their southern brethren ;
while the ties of parry associations and inteiests would be
superadded to tho^e of constitutional obligation in sustain-
ing southern lights. But what ought to he the measure of
indignation and punishment which should be dealt out to
tho?e hollow and fatee guardians of southern interests, who
will, tor the sake ot a trifling party advantage, put every-
thing to hazard by perpetual agitation?"
Of course I meant this to apply to nobody now
in public life.
" For there is, and always has been, quite as much to be
apprehended on this subject from those who agitate the
question on political account in the South,as from the Ab-
olitionists themselves.
" I have been a member of Congress, as you know, from
the commencement of the agitation upon this subject. I
have witnessed all that has taken place in Congress m re-
lation to it. 1 saw, and I thmk i fully understood the game
that was playing by some gentlemen, but I was not inclined
to take part in it, because X thought the stakes too high."
I meant that I had no desire to take part in it
as a party man. The stakes were too high—the
Union, and the interests bound up with the Union.
It was the common impression that the first movements
of the Abolitionists at the North weie not looked upon with
any deep regret by a portion of our lellow-citizens at the
South."
I have the evidence to prove it.
" Their fanatic spirit was rather provoked than depreca-
ted. The North, without distinction, was freely charged
with a settled feeling of hostility to southern interests arid
institutions ; and many injurious reflections were cast upon
their motives calculated to give strength to the cause of the
fanatics, by uniting with them a more rational and calcula-
ting class of the northern people. The motive to this pol-
icy in the South, to whatever extent it wai adopted, was,
beyond all doubt, to combine the South and Southwest more
closely in their political movements and preferences, ltften
thought the expeiiincrit a dangerous one, regarding it in a
political view only ; for it struck me that if the ambitious
aspnantsof the North should take it into their heads to play
the same sort of game In retaliation, the South would &ooa
! be thiown into a settled minority, and forthwith deprived of
: political power. Nothing, in that event, would be left for
them but unconditional submission or disunion."
I do not charge my colleague with having, by
the course of argument he has thought proper
to pursue in relation to me, entertained any such
views as I charged then existed at the South—the
views of goading, and insulting, and denouncing
the people of the North in a body as Abolitionists.
I never considered this as likely to result in any-
thing else than the greatest mischief and perhaps
most unfortunate catastrophe that could befall tne
country. In this letter I go on to quote the sen-
timents of some gentlemen on the subject, at that
period:
"In confirmation of what I have written upon this* point,
permit nie to refer you to a debate in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, in 183b\ which may have escaped your recollec-
tion. I desire your attention particularly to the evidence to
