1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the assentof the Legislature. Indeed, youdonot i
contend for it. You say you stole it in a sort of |
a way, somehow, in that convention, met for an- j
other purpose. That is not the way a legislative |
act can be done. It must be by the assent of both i
branches of the Legislature fairly obtained, and
then I do not care how the election is made. I
I know that, at an early period of our history, !
it was held that it was unconstitutional to elect by '
a joint convention, called by the assent of both
branches, because a convention was not the Le-
gislature and could not make laws. That point, 1
however, has been yielded. Some of the States, 1
more strict constructionists than others, have al- !
ways elected by a separate vote of each branch,
and many of our best men and greatest jurists
have doubted whether the common mode, in the
West, of electing Senators by joint convention,
is constitutional, even when that convention has
been brought together by the fair and free consent
of both branches of the Legislature. The late
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary of
this body, (Mr. Butler, of South Carolina,) de-
clared, in Air. H\rlan's case, that, if it was a
question of first impression he would hold an
election by joint con veil tion to bo unconstitutional,
because the convention was not the Legislature;
but he gave up that point because of the'eommon
practice and understanding that the two Houses ;
might go into joint ballot when they had each
agreed to do so. That, however, wa^the extent 1
to which anybody pretended that the Legislature .
could go? in this respect, under their power to
prescribe the manner of election; but all admitted \
that two legislative branches must agree as to that j
manner, and in the present case one branch was
never consulted at all in reference to it.
If the resolution reported by the Judiciary Com- .
rmttee prevails, you work a revolution in the man-
ner of electing Senators; the most numerous
branch of the State Legislatures will hereafter
meet by themselves and elect Senators without the :
ooneurience of the other branch. It is cutting
loose entirely from the Constitution, which de-
clares that the election shall be by the Legisla-
ture. You are now saying practically that it may
be done by one branch if they have the numeri-
cal majority. That is how it will be understood
at'd acted upon if this precedent shall be set.
This whole question was so lately and so fully
cinvassecl in this body m the case of the Senator
from Iowa, that I am astonished at some of the
positions now assumed. The question in that
case was, whether the Senator from Iowa wos
elected by joint action of both the Senate and
House of Representatives of Iowa. Nobody de-
nied that the two Houses in Iowa had agreed to
meet in joint convention for the purpose of elect-
ing a Senator, and that, failing to elect, they ad-
j iiu.ied over from time to timo. It was said at
V.rsf, that the joint convention had no power to
ac.j mm; but, on looking: mto the l.iw of Iowa,
wo found that they not only had the power to
adjourn from time to time, but that it was made
th,>ir duty to do so until an election was had.
That point being given up, it was next said that
i-i the joint convention the members of the differ-
ent branches did not lose their identity, but re-
mained separate bodies. On the last day of its
session a majoiity of the Iowa Senatois were
bodily present, but two of rhem protested that ;
they did not intend to be considered as present, \
and even on that slight ground you said the Con-
stitution would be violated by sustaining the title ;
of rhe Senator from Iowa, and he was sent home :
to pass in review before his own State again upon
that very trifling want of concurrence. I believed
then that that was an over-nice construction, and
I think so now. 1 think that when both branches
have agreed to go into joint meeting, and a quo-
rum or the whole body is present, the Constitu-
tion and the laws require no more. It seemed to
Die that a Senator and a Representative became
prei*, and had exactly the same political power
un the floor of the joint convention, and being
assembled there for tiiis purpose in pursuance of
1 nv, they so lost their identity as to become one
homogeneous body of peers for this veiy pur-
pose— certainly not to go further; though,accord-
ing to the arguments of my colleague, they might,
\vh«'H they got together, do anything that they
might have done\vhen they were in separate
homes. 1 cannot suppose that to be possible; but
having as^embkd m joint convention for the pur-
pose of electing a Senator, having agreed upon a
mode and time for the election, I supposed that
there was no necessity for the presence of more
than a quorum of the whole body. On that ground
I voted in favor of the Senator from Iowa keep-
ing his seat; but the Judiciary Committee and a
large majority on this floor held otherwise. If
you could turn one Senator out upon such slight
grounds, how can you overcome the mountain of
objection that now intervenes between these men
and their election' They have no color of right.
When I say this, I say 'it in no hostihfy to these
gentlemen, for my intercourse with therri upon
this floor is as agreeable and as pleasant as with
any others, and I would as soon see any members
of this body depart as them; but what can such j
considerations weigh againstfhe plain provisions j
of the Constitution of the United States? What j
weight can such considerations have against that |
great charter which we are all sworn to support:
I see a want of constitutional power in what
has been done, and I see nothing in this whole
case to relieve it from the mountain of objection
which intervenes. I would that it were otherwise.
I differ from these gentlemen in politics, but I
know them to be patriotic, and, as I said before,
my intercourse with them has been agreeable and ,
pleasant to me, and I would as soon have them ;
here as any one else, if they could invoke the j
power of the Constitution justly in behalf of their ;
title; but 1 feel that they cannot. I
The whole question lies in so narrowa compass j
that it would be wrong for me to travel through ;
those shadows, for they really do not amount to |
substantial objections, thrown in by my colleague '
in the precedents which he has brought before us i
after great labor and research. They seem to me '
to vanish, and not even to have an v relation to the
trial of the question before 'is. Can you find any
precedent establishing that one branch of a legis-
lative body constitutes the legislative power of
the State,against the protest of the other branch ?
If a thousand such precedents could be found,
you and I, sir, would know that they were false,
and ought not to be followed. They cannot be
found, however, because an American Senate was
never so lost to all sense of constitutioncd law us
to determine so nlain a question in that way. The
case is sought to be eked out by piecedents of
school districts or chinch trials, and all those
little make-weights that lawyers may throw in to
help out a bad case. l. u', sir, we are heir in the
capacity of judges, not as advocates. We are
here to judge fairly between the persons claiming
these seats and their constitutional power to hold
them; and we are greatly astiay from our duty if
we swerve tothe light oi to the left, any moie than
a judge upon the bench would, in (letes-nnnnig the
rights of mdi viduals. Show me that you ha^e in-
voked the legislative power of the sovereign State
of Indiana to "maintain these men's titles, and,
my word for it,you shail cheerfully have my vote.
I cannot find any such thing m your proceedings.
I find that one branch of the Legislature proceeded
to make an election against the solemn protest of
the other. It will not do to say as the Senator
from Louisiana said, that the majority of the Sen-
ate of Indiana weie endeavoring to take advant-
age of their own wrong; that they ought to have
gone into the election; that they knew tile other
side had a majority to make the election,and That
they ought to have yielded and gone into it. That
may be, but it cannot help out your want of con-
stitutional power. He snvs that his mind has
changed because he finds that we are proceeding
to take advantage of our own wrong in defeating
these men. Sir, that is a poor answer to an objec-
tion of the want of constitutional power. The
power has not been constitutionally exncised, I
caie hot for what reason. Those who hnve in-
terposed to prevent it may have been i jgnt, or they
may have been wrong; but I will say, in justifi-
cation of them, that they were not singular, for
they had a high and honorable example before
them. This had been repeatedly done; it had be-
come the common law of the State of Indiana,
and therefore there was no wrong m it; cr if theie
was, it applied to one party as much as to the
other. That point, however, shoiud not weigh a
straw against either, nor can it help out a want of
constitutional power which is most flagrant, in
my judgment, in this case.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, having been a
member of the Judiciary Committee at the time
this question was committed to that committee,
it received as much of my attention as my; othfcr
duties would permit, and therefore I deem it not
inappropriate, if, indeed, it may not be regarded
as my duty, to give as briefly as possible the re-
sult of the investigations it became my duty to
make with reference to this subject. I do not
consider it a plain question. I tleem it to be.a
question of real and of serious difficulty, and I
think that difficulty has been much aggravated
by contrary practices in the different States of the
Union, and by contrary constitutional construc-
tions. In my opinion, however, upon principle
and upon the great majority of the precedents,
there is no difficulty in arriving at a true, a just,
a safe, and a constitutional ground upon which to
decide this question.
The seats of these two gentlemen are a matter
of the cxtremest insignificance to any of us, in
comparison to the great principle upon which
their right rests. So far as they are personally
concerned, it is a matter of no concern. The
merest accident may deprive them of their seats.
Death, that has come among us so rapidly, thins
our numbeis and changes our relations. Men
change party relations oftener, probably, than
God Almighty interposes to interfere with them.
I find all around me here men whom I have op-
posed, and with whom I have acted in the last
eight or ten years. Such is human life, such is
politics. On the great question of ascertaining the
right of a member to a seat in this august assem -
bly, there should be no rule of action but the Con-
stitution of the country and the highest good of
the Commonwealth.
The question is m a much narrower compass
than I apprehend it has been generally imagined
to be. When this Government was formed there
was great difficulty in the convention that framed
the Constitution about what should be the rela-
tions of the States to the Genera! Government.
They weie entirely equal under the old Confed-
eration. Many of the lesser States struggled to
retain their equality, but finally they yielded it
m one branch of the National Legislature and
maintained it in the other. That was the lesult
of the struggle. Thev agreed that numbers, that
population throughout the United States, should
govern m ot>e bianeh of Congsess, but that the
other branch should represent the sovereignty of
the States 1 am quite sure my friend from Ohio,
. [Mr. Wade,] who has very fairly argued this
question on his side, cannot pi.ice a higher esti-
, maro,, it is impossible for any man to place a
higher estimate, on the importance of the abso-
lute sovereignty of the States of this Union than
I do. I have maintained it throughout my polit-
ical life in good fortune and m evil fortuhe, that
they we'-e sovei^ign, that they were judges of the
inf'rietion of the compact and of the mode and
measuie of redress, and I take it that he would be
too afraid of the term nuliifier to extend his de-
votion to the sovereignty of the States as far as
I claim that my own gt.es.
Mr. WADE. I am as good a nuliifier as you
are.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am glad to hear it. It is
good doctrine. I think it is a good sign to hear
the Senator make that declaration, especial!)'' after
our troubles for the last eight or ten years, f
have seen the time when I could not find a man
m either branch of Congress to admit that he was
one.
Mr. WADE. I was not here then.
Mr. TOOMBS, hi settling the controversy ir
regard to representation between the States, the
franieis of the Constitution declared that the mem-
bers of.the House of Representatives should be
elected by the people of the different States, ac-
cording to federal population (which itself was a
compromise) and that Senators should be elected
as their late Representatives to the Congress of
the Confederation had been, by the States; that
they should represent the sovereignty of the
States. I will do no act to weaken, in the slightest
degree, every right maintained there, that thin
body shall forever represent the sovereign States
of this Union; but I do not intend to be defeated
by majorities of the United States, nor by minor-
ities at home; and that was no part ofthe scheme-
of Government. While we protected ourselves
against a majority in the Federal Government,
we stood by the principle that the majority of our
separate States represented their sovereignty, and
