834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
be found in that debate, that there was then a strong con-
viction at the North of the existence of some sinister man-
agement m the South connected with this subject. I will
first quote a few passages from the speech of the Hon. Isaac
Hill, of New Hampshire, the reputed author of the address
put forth by the late Baltimore convention, and circulated
extensively m the extra Globe:
" i Now, sir, as much as I abhor the doings of weak or
wicked men, who are moving this abolition question at the
North, I yet have not as bad an opinion of them as I have
t fsome others who are attempting to piake of these pueiile
proceedings an object of alarm to the whole South.
"6 Of ail the vehicles, tracts, pamphlets, and newspapers
printed and circulated by the Abohiionists. there are no ten
or twenty of them who have contributed so much to the ex-
citement as a single ne^paper printed m tins city. I need
not name this paper, when I inform you that for the last
five years it has been laboring to produce a northern and
southern party; to fan the flame of sectional prejudices; to
open wider the breach; to drive harder the wedge which
shall divide the North from the South.
"' It is the newspaper winch libels the whole North by
representing the almost united people of that region to be
insincere in their efforts to prevent the mischief of a few
fanatical and misguided persons who are engaged in the
abolition cause.'?>
Then I quote Mr. Nilea's authority, quite as
strong as Mr. Hill's, and perhaps stronger, and
add:
" My opinion was, that, whether the petitioners had strict
right on their side or not, sound policy dictated the recep-
tion and reference of their petitions. J believed that any
itnusual course in regard to them would give undue import-
ance to the movements of the Abolitionists, furnish new
ground for agitation, and rather increase the existing excite-
ment than allay it. In my opinion, a report from a com-
mittee at each session—tempei ate, yet firm, and unqualified
in its conclusion—would have been well calculated to cor-
rect false impressions at the North; to dispel prejudices,
and prevent that ferment and angry feeling at the South
which, at that stage of the question, was calculated to do
mischief. Whether right or wrong, and without pietending
to censure those friends who differed from mc, 1 have uni-
formly held these opinions ; yet 1 will add, that few gentle-
men in the South would be more prepared for prompt and
decisive measures ofiesistance and piotection, should the
rights and interests of tiie South connected with this sub-
ject ever be invaded through Congress, or otheiwise, than
myself.
" Thts question was very fully discussed in the Senate in
1838. I will extract a few pa<sages, relating to this point,
from the speeches of several gentlemen ofihe Administra-
tion pafty, who took part in that debate. I will first present
you with a short extract from the speech of the Hon. Isaac
Hill, whose opinions have already been referred to on an-
other point:
" 1 Deny (said Mr. Hill) the right of petition to the mis-
guided men and women who aic induced, from no had mo-
tive, to petition for the abolition of slavery in the Disttict,
and you do more to increase their numbers rhan will thou-
sands of dollars paid to the emissaues who traverse the
country to distubute abolition tiacts, and to spread abolition
doctnnes.'
" I will nev:t request yonr attention to the sentiment of the
Hon. Mr. Wail. Senator from New Jersey:
" 4 Sir, we all, North and South, abhor Abolitionism and
incendiaiism. But whatu it ? It is the crimsoning the reli-
gion of peace with the blood of our fellow-men. It is setting
fire to the whole edifice, m order to puiify it from thestain
of a single spot. This, sir, is nionouumaism; it is fanatical.
How. sir, can this be put down ? By persecution ? No, sir;
it is its life's blood, its aliment. Su, the only way of put-
ting down fanaticism is by infamy or ridicule. The history
of fanaticism, in all age*, and m all countries, teaches us
this lesson.' "
This was in support of the policy of receiving;
abolition petitions. Now, hear the strong language
of Mr. Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, on the sub-
ject of receiving abolition petitions; and I trust I
shall have the attention of honorable Senators,
while I read the opinion of Mr. Buchanan:
" Let it once be understood that the sacied right of peti-
tion and the cause of the Abolitionists must u e or mu?t
fall together,and the consequences must hp fatal. I would
therefore warn southern gentlemen to reflect seriously m
what situation they place their friends to the North by in-
sisting that tins petition shall not be received.
We have ju^t as little right to interfere with slavery in
the South as we have to touch the light of petition. Whence
is this right derived? Can a republican government exht
without it? Man might as well attempt to exi->t without
breathing the vital air. No government, possessing any of
the elements ot liberty, has ever existed, or can ever exist,
unless its citizens or t-ubjects enjoy this right."
I am assailed by my colleague on the ground
that I voted to receive abolition petitions; and
here are many of the most leading men of the
country and of the age pursuing the same course.
Mr. Clay took that course. Mr. Calhoun said no
free government could exist without the right of
petition. The passages which I have read were
from a debate in 1836. In 1839, Mr. Clay made
a speech, in which he reviewed the whole ground,
and announced his opinions very clearly. I re-
member it very well, for I lived in the same mess
"with him at that time. Ke took extraordinary
pains to lay down what he considered t.o be the
true doctrine. lie believed that Congress had the
power under the Constitution to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia; but he urged with
great force the inexpediency of adopting such a
measure. So satisfactory were the sentiments an-
nounced by Mr. Clay on that occasion, that Mr.
Calhoun (who, the year before, had introduced
resolutions seeming to take the position that the
admission of the right of petition, or the acknowl-
edgment of the power to abolish slavery in the
District, was synonymous with a grant of power
to abolish slavery in the States) came forward and
acknowledged that the abolition movement was
at an end; that there was no longer any danger;
that it was smothered and stifled by the declara-
tion of these sentiments from the great leader of
the Whig party. It continued stifled until that
election was over, and how long after I do not
know, when it was revived again in the South.
The fact was, I believe, that Mr. Calhoun had then,
come over to the support of Mr. Van Buren, who
had recognized the power of Congress to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia. I referred to
it in this letter, but forbore to state the principle
or motive on which this change was made. I al-
luded to it in corroboration of the idea that the
interests of party, the ambitious and mischievous
views of aspirants for public honors, had fomented
a division between the North and the South, and
made so much difficulty about it with no regard
cither for the interests of the South or the main-
tenance of the Union. Those times have passed.
I am not holding this language in regard to the
present, but I am explaining the course I took
under the circumstances which were referred to
by my colleague to show that I had long been
looking to the North.
I do not care to refer to the paragraphs which
my colleague read from a speech made by me in
1850, on the compromise measures of that period,
because I do not at all repent them, as I under-
stand them. There may, perhaps, be an acci-
dental misprint; I have not had time to examine;
but I do not wish to retract any sentiment I then
uttcredv My colleague holds me up as an advo-
cate of the policy of abolition in the District of
Columbia, as conceding the power of Congress
to abolish slavery in this District. I have just
shown how many others admitted the power.
Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Clay admitted it; and
even Mr. Calhoun, who had two years before pro-
nounced it destructive to the Union, then consid-
ered the doctrines announced by Mr. Clay to be
settled. My sentiments in relation to that sub-
ject are cued against me to show my abolition
tendencies, or my disposition to court the North.
What did I say in those extracts which my col-
league read yesterday? I said that even if I
doubted the power, I felt bound to defer to the
opinions of the many eminent men who had en-
tertained these sentiments, to such an extent as
not to place any confidence in my own judgment.
I said it was a desirable object, if it could be done
on safe principles, to remove that hpplc of dis-
cord between the North and the South, which
had given rise to so much excitement in relation
to the question of the reception or rejection of
petitions; that if it could be done satisfactorily to
both sides, it would be a happy event; but I said
at the same time it could not be done unless you
made some provision for removing the emanci-
pated slaves. I declared that on no other condi-
tion would it he safe to the surrounding States,
Maryland and Virginia, to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. 1 hold the same sentiments
now. I do not find the least occasion to change
them.
My colleague, passing over my votes on the
compromise measures of1850, alluded to my votes
on the repeal of the Missouri compromise by the
Kansas-Nebraska act of 3854. He said that act
was only an interpretation of the compromise
measures of 1850, for which I had voted. He con-
tends that those acts repealed the Missouri com-
promise, inasmuch as they gave to the people of
the Territories power, control, and jurisdiction of
the whole subject while in the territorial condition,
and provided that when they came to be admitted
into the Union as States, they should be admitted
with or without slavery, as their constitution at
the time might prescribe. I voted for the compro-
mise measures of 1850. They were not satisfac-
toiy to me in all respects, but under the circum-
stances in which the country was placed, I thought
it my duty to sustain them. I did not hesitate to
vote for them without regard to the ground stated
by my colleague, as to the right of the people of a
Territory to legislate on the subject of slavery. I
wanted the whole question permanently settled;
and if wo had had such a statement then as I sup-
posed was possible to be maty;, and as it seemed
to me there was a prospect of making, we should
never have heard of this question again. But
" sufficient unto the day is tho evil thereof;" and
on this maxim the friends of the Union acted in
1850. We said, " let us do the best we can; let
us make such enactments as will be most likely
to settle this question between the North and the
South; and we did it.
But my colleague says that I voted for the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, of which I complain
so much as the origin and source of all the mis-
chiefs and disturbances that have taken place in
Kansas, and the fearful agitation that exists in the
country. Let us see what I actually did vote for.
1 have before me the Journal of the Senate for
1854; and when the bill to organize the Territory
of Nebraska was taken up, it appears that the Sen-
ator from Illinois offered an amendment to strike
out, in section fourteen, the words: " Which
was superseded by the principles of the legislation
of 1850, commonly called the compromise meas-
ures," and to insert:
" Which being inconsistent with the principle of non-
intervention, by Congress, with slavery in the States and
Territories, as recognized by the legislation of 1850, com-
monly called the compioim&e measures, is hereby declared
inoperative and void, it being the true intent and meaning
of tins act not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way,subject only to the Constitution of
the United States."
The section which it was proposed to amend
was m these words:
" That the Constitution and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same force
and effect within the said Terntory of Nebraska as else-
vhere within the United States, except the eighth section
of the act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into
the Union, approved March 6,1820, which was superseded
,by the principles of the legislation of 1850, commonly called
rthe compromise measures."
The vote on # this amendment was merely a
choice between two different forms of expression;
but I presume this is the vote upon which my
colleague commented yesterday, when he said I
had voted for this obnoxious measure, which I
now declare to be the source and origin of the
mischiefs that have afflicted the country during
the last four years. He asserts that by voting for
this amendment, I gave my sanction to that meas-
ure, and I have heard other gentlemen assert the
same thing.
I voted to strike out one form in which that
principle was announced and insert another. The
form which I voted to strike out was that intro-
duced by the Committee on Territories, after their
first report and bill had been recommitted. The
question was on striking out the language in which
the Missouri compromise was proposed to be re-
pealed by the second bill introduced into the Sen-
ate after the committee had agreed to incorporate
Mr. Dixon's proposition in some shape, and to
insert the language which I first read. I voted
for that motion. The clause of repeal was in the
hill before, and if the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois were here I would call upon him to say that
I did not give my assent to that provision in the
reported bill. On the simple question whether
the repeal should be couched in the form in which
it was reported, or in the other form proposed, I
voted with the South and with the Democratic
party.
I announced to my old associates of the South,
to my Whig and my Democratic friends, when I
made up my mind to go against that measure,
that I would still go with them to perfect the bill
in any way they thought proper. I said that I
would not vote with the gentlemen standing in
opposition to it, on the questions which they might
present to harass its friends; but I would go with
them on the amendments to the bill. Thatisnot
the only instance in which I voted in conformity
with their wishes as to the shape in which they in-
tended to put the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is always
proper to have the facts right, and after we get the
facts right we can draw our own conclusions from
them. By turning to the Journal of the Senate
for 1854, page 162, we find that Senate bill No. 22,
with tho amendments submitted by Mr. Douglas,
from the Committee on Territories, was under
consideration; and then:
" On motion by Mr. Chase, to amend the aame by striking
