1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us first have the letter
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs read.
The letter was read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
OrFiCE of Indian Affairs, *dpiil 28, 1838.
Sir; In ofcwth^nce to youi direction, I have the honor to
transmit herewith copies of correspondence between this
ofRce and the supemitendents, agents. &c., of the superm-
tendencies of Oregon, Washington, and California, m rela-
tion to Indian Affairs, as required by House resolution of
January 19,1817, jeferred heie by your ptedecessor on the
21st of the same momli; also copies of the correspondence
between this office and the superintendents, agents, &c.,of
the •supei intendencu'^ot Oregon and Washington in relation
to Indian affairs, and tho.*e having reference to the official
conductor An&on Dart, late fupoiintcndentof Indian affairs
in Oregon, a- required by House resolution of Fcbruaiy 3,
1858. inferred by the IIou-c resolution or February 3,1858,
refmred here by you, on the Gih of the .-ame month.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
CHARLES E. MIX,
*4rfinCommissioner.
Hon. J. Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I behove that this com-
munication is in answer to a resolution offered by
myself, and I move that it be laid upon the table,
and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
printing of a word until it has been lead. Just
put the papers up on the desk, and let us see
them.
Mr. MORGAN. I am told that it required five
clerks for nine months merely to copy tneso pa-
pers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am informed that
it took nine clerks for six months.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, I have my information
from headquatteis.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I learn, further,
that all the informal ion contained in these papers
is not worth one hour's labor.
Mr. MORGAN. That is a fact.
The SPEAKER. The communication seems
to be in answer to a resolution of the House
adopted January 10, 1837.
Mr. FAULKNER. Let it he read.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. The Clerk has the Journal
here.
The SPEAKER. It was a resolution of a pre-
ceding Congie.^s
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. Is itmorder
to move to lay the whole mailer 911 the table, with-
out punting ?
The SPEAKER. The-e is a motion pmultng
to lay on the table and punt, ai.d the t;enileman
can attain his object by abkmg for a division of
that question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I ask
for a division.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Have we aright to
have the documents lead before we are caiied to
vote on printing
The SPEAKER. If a majority of the House
orders the leading the Chair will have them read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can you call upon
any of us to vote fur oi airanist (he printing of
tho^e pan< is before we kn>>w what they are?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that on a
mo: ion to print, the papers net d not be read un-
less the House orders it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand that kind of legislation.
Mr. PHELPS. Let us have the resolution read
to which tins is a response.
The SPEAKER, 'kis in response to two res-
olutions of 19th January, 1857, and 3d February,
1853.
Mr. GREENWOOD. T was under the impres-
sion that this communication was m response to
a resolution offered by me this session, I find,
however, that the bulk of the documents are not
in response to that resolution, so that the remarks
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Morgan]
do not apply to my resolution. My resolution
called for information in reference to the official
conduct of Anson Dart. That mfoimation is mi- ;
portant, and I trust that at least that portion of'
the documents will be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire ■
whether 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have the resolution
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" January 19, !?<>"' Mr Su^e, by unanimous consent,
submittal nie following i evolution ; which was read, con-
sidered. and a-jieed to :
" UcsoU-ed. That tiie President be requested to furnish
to this House all the correspondence and documents, not
incompatible with the public interest, relating to Indian af-
faiirf in the department of Uu-i Pacific—those of the Interior
as well as those of the War Department "
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Would it not be com-
petent to have those documents referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs without being print-
ed ? If it becomes necessary that they should be
printed 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
as there is a motion pending to lay on the table,
a motion to refer would not be in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, and let the matter be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; a little
examination would enable them to know whether
any portion of this matter ought to be printed,
and how much. I hope the subject will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I want to make a
question of order; and that is, that before we are
called to vote on this question, i have a right to
have the paper read.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It was ruled
by the Speaker of ia^t Congress, on that came
subject, that H did not require a majorityto have
a paper read, but that if any single member re-
quired tin3 reading of a paper, he had a right to
have it read before the vote was taken.
Mr. JUNES, of Tennessee. Exactly, sir; and
I think that to be the right construction under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. That had reference to the
report of a committee.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It was as
to a report of a committee of conference that the
construction here lefened to was made.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to withdraw
my motion to print.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I renew it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gontlenum to
withdraw his motion for a moment, .ted let me
submit the motion 1 speak of. If the gentleman
doesnot withdiaw i?,T hope it will he voted down.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let the pionosUion be
putand \oted down,and then thegentieman Iron)
! No'-ih Carolina can make his proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois Do I under-
stand that the wish of the gentleman is to move
to refer these documents to the Committee on In-
dian Allans 5
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is.
Mr W ASH OUR NE, of J ilinois. And then to
have the question taken on the motion to print?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I have
no objection.
Mr". CLINGMAN. The gentleman having
wirhdrnwn the motion, I move to refer the mes-
sage of the President to the Committee on Indian
Alfa u s.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I renewed the motion to
lay on the table and print.
iMr. JONES, of Tennessee. I renew my ques-
tion of order The first thing is to have these
papets read before the House disposes of them,
tlur, we may know how to dispose of them.
The SPK A.1CER. Is there any objection to the
oap<'is b.jniir read.
Mr. CLEMENS, Mr. CLINGMAN, and
others, objected.
The question was tak^n, "Shall (he papers be
lCcV.i''5 and it was drcided in the negative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not make
the motion to have the papers read, but I asked
myright,asa memberofthe House, that 1 may
vote intelligently, to have these papers reed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I appeal
from the deejsion of the Chair.
Mr. CLJNGMAN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mi. GROW. I ask for the reading of the 57th
rule-.
The rule was read, as follows:
"When the reading of a paper i<s called for, find the came
isohiceud to by an y member, it shall be detennuied by a
vote of the Hou^e.'5
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken-, and the appeal was
laid on the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Clingman's mo-
tion.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. Was my motion not
entertained ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman from Ohio when he rose.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. A motion was made by
the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood]
to lay on the table and print. He withdrew that
motion, and I immediately renewed it. I ask the
Chair whether he entertained my motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have en-
tertained the motion, if he had recognized the
gentleman from Ohio. At the time the gentleman
from Ohio rose, the Chair was considering the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am willing that the gen-
tleman's motion may go in, if it does not cut off
mine.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay on the
table be received, the motion to refer cannot be
entertained.
Air. CLINGMAN. Then I hope my motion
will be adorned.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I inquire of the Chair
whether it is m order for me to move to amend
the motion of the gentlemen from North Carolina
by moving to lay on the table and print? If so,
I wish to make that omendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chains of opinion that
the motion to lay on the table would take prece-
dence of the motion to refer.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. Then I make the motion
that the papers be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (in his seat.) I sup-
pose that is for the benefit of the gentleman's col-
league, Mr. Steadman.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is it in order to
call for a division of the question ?
The SPEAKER It is.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I call for a
division
The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
on the mot'on to lay on the table.
Mr. PHELPS I desire to know how large
those packages of papers are. I suppose the res-
olution of the last session of Congress was offered
by the gentleman from New Yoik on account of
the dissensions that had arisen m the Territories
of Otegon and Washington, between General
W ool and the Governors of those Ten ltories 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 object to debate.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose the resolution was
introduced for that purpose 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 object to any further de-
bate.
Mr. PENDLETON. This matter refers to
cla'rns to the amount of $5,000,000.
Mr. MORGAN. If gentlemen will allow me
one, moment, I can tell them for what purpose
those papers were called for
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to discussion.
Mr. MORGAN. I only want to say one word.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentlemen will
be allowed to be heard. I want to know what
this is about.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist that the
gentleman has right to be hcat'i.
Air. BURNET F. I have no objection to the
gentleman from New York being hoard, if the
motion to lay on the table be withdtawn. If it
be, then the gentleman has a right to be heard;
but I am for enforcing the rules of the House so
long as we have them.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I decline to withdraw
my motion.
M>\ GROW. Is there not a motion to print
pending ?
The SPEAKER. There is; but the Chair
thinks the motion to lay on the table takes pre-
cedence.
Mr. MORGAN. It is of no sort of consequence
to have those papers printed.
The motion to lay the communication and the
accompanying papeis on the table was then agreed
to.
The question recurring on the motion to print,
Mr. STEVENSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman who at the
last Congress (Mr. Sage)~moved the resolution
to which these papers are a response, meiely had
this object in view 
