1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
out, in section fouiteen, the words ' was superseded bv the
principles at the legislation of 1850, commonly called the
* compromise measure?,'
" It was determined in the negative—yeas 13, nays 30.
" On motion by Mr. Dawson,
" The yeas and n-ij  being desired hy one filth of the Sen-
ators piesent.
11 Those who voted the affirmative arc—
Allen. Cass, Chase, Everett, Fish, Foot, Ilam-
liu, Seward, «nin:i. Stursrt, Sumner, Wade, Walker.
" Those who voted i,i the negative aie 
"Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badner, Bayard, Bell, Ben-
jamin, Bright, Biodhcad, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dnon.
Dodf "—•-   " ■ - -
ter,.
Seba;
cey, VVcllei, Williams."
Here the motion was to strike out that portion
of the biil which declared that the Missouri com-
promise was superseded by the compromise meas-
ures of 3850; and my colleague voted against
striking it out. If it had been stricken out, the
clause repealing the Missouri restriction would
' not have remained in the bill; but my colleague
said no.
Mr. BELL. My colleague can correct me in
facts if he pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I state what
is on the Journal. At page 183 of the Journal of
the same year, we find, the same bill being under
consideration, another amendment was o lie red:
" On motion of Mr. Douglas, to amend the amendment
by sinking our, in section fourteen, the word-? < which was
superseded by the pi maples of the legislation of 1850, com-
monly called the compioniise measures,' and inserting,
{ Winch, being inconsistent with the pjmeiplc of non-in-
tervention by Congress with slavery in the States and Ter-
ritories, as recognized by the legislation of 1850, com-
monly called the compioinise measures,is hereby declared
inoperative and void; it being the true mtpntand mean-
ing of this act not to legislate slavery into any Territory or
State, noi to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly fu>e to form and regulate then doiur*tiu
institutions m their own way, subject only to ihe Comtitu
tion ot the United States.'"
My colleaguevoted against striking out that
clause of the bill which repealed the Missouri
compiomise; and on this amendment offered by
the Senator from Illinois, he recorded his vote to
retain in the bill the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction.
Mr. BELL. It was not at all inconsistent with
my views for mo to vote in both these instances
precisely as I did. When Mr. Chase made his
motion, I did not choose to be diverted from the
course I had marked out for myself, which was
to go with the friends of the bill to perfect it. If
the history of the bill be examined, it will be
found that I voted to give it such a shape that I
thought it could never pass the House of Repre-
sentatives, and possibly not the Senate. I did not
suppose, I could not have supposed that such a
measure could be force'd through the House of
Representatives, if put in a definite shape, so far
as we were able to do so, consistently with the
views of a majority of the gentlemen who sup-
ported it. I think that on parliamentary princi-
ples I was perfectly justified in voting as I did on
the amendments to the bill, but I voted according
to the dictates of my feelings connected with my
associations with the South. Many of my south-
ern friends had my assurance that I would not
disturb the bill while they were putting itin shape.
The vote to which my colleague alludes was on
the 6th of February, 1854, when the question first
came up for decision by the Senate as to the shape
the bill should assume, i gave that vote con-
scientiously with regard to the views which I had.
It was my feeling at the time to make the bill as
explicit as possible. That bill went forth a repeal
of the Missouri compromise; but even at last it
did not go forth in that explicit and direct man-
ner which it seemed to nie at the time and since,
it ought to have done in justice to the legislation '
of Congress on such a question. But I shall not
stop now to notice that point.
My colleague points to my vote on the reten-
tion of that clause as extending my hand to the
South for the purpose of keeping them firm,
while I voted against the bill to conciliate the
North, thus seeking to unite the two sections in
my support when 1 should come before the peo-
ple of the United States for higher honors than I i{
now enjoy. That is the view my colleague has ji
presented as to my course on this subject, and his jj
language imports deliberation and calculation.
i would only desire to ask one question on this
point: is the whole South to be considered so
ignorant and credulous as to be imposed upon by
such a vote as that, when I voted against the biil
itself? Again, could any sensible or rational man,
any human being of the least intelligence, who
had such aspirations as my colleague imputes to
me,ever suppose that they could be realized under
such an obviously double, fraudulent course as he
indicates mine to have been ? Whoever expects
success in this country without the confidence of
his own section, to a large degree, at all events?
My colleague must suppose that I have very little
knowledge, very little power of observation on a
question of this sort, when he chooses to impute
to me motives of that'description, if he supposes
I could cheat the South into the opinion that I
was really intending to protect their interests by
such trickery as this. If I could suppose myself
to have the character pictured by my colleague 
" Wiring in and wmnq out,
Leaving the people all in doubt
Whether the snake which made the track
Was going Noith, or coming back
—if I could believe that such imputations could
attach to my cliaractcr, I would hold myself as
infamous in my own estimation of myself, and I
should'trust that all mankind would fix the brand
of infamy on me. But take my conservative course
in regard to the reception of abolition petitions;
take my course on the compromise measures of
1850, and on the Kansas-Nebraska bill in 1854,
the developments of which I think have shown my
sagacity fully; and who ever could conceive that
all this deserved such imputations as my col-
i league has heaped upon me ? Perhaps he is the
: only man in the country who could be capable of
[ such a thing. I do not say that he is; but from
j the course of that Senator yesterduy, and his
j whole bearing, imputing to me trickery, fraud,
I premeditated purpose, aspirations for the highest
' honors of the conim-y, if there is a man here ca-
pable of it, it is him, not me; and if he is capable
of it, he ought to be consigned to the same in-
famy that 1 prescribe for mvself if I were capable
i of it.
I Now, sir, T will trace the course of mycolleague
a little, in reference to the elections of which he
spoke. He said, in his speech of yesterday:
" I know whetc I stand 011 this question. I know what
E could have done if F had been di-fto-t'd to pander and ap-
peal to the fanaticism thatevni^ on this; question, even in
my own State.''
What could he have done? He could have
done probably what I have supposed him capable
of doing whenever the time comes when he shall
be tempted to it—carry the torch of domestic dis-
cord from Johnson county in the east, to Shelbv
county in the west whenever he sh.iil be tempted
by his ambition to do it. Since meeting with my
colleague here, in the fiiendly passages I have
hud with htm out of the Senate, 1 began to correct
my opinion of what I supposed might be his dis-
position whenever ho should bo tempted to it by
being thwarted in his career, to become the in-
cendiary on this question in my own State. I
have looked to the possibility of what I must be-
lieve to be a proposition seriously entertained in
the South—a dissolution of the Union in certain
contingencies; and I have looked to what must
inevitably happen in that event in some of the
! slave States; and I have looked upon my colleague I
as a man with that sort of temper, disposition,
and principles who would not hesitate to bring
tile question home in Tennessee, whatever misin
be the consequences. Since my intercourse with
hjm here, however, I began to have somewhat
different views in regard to him. From the casual
conversation which I have had in society where
I have met htm, 1 began to form a more favorable
opinion of him.
But to what does he allude, when he speaks of
what he could^have done? He has told you that
the Kansas-Nebraska act was one of the main'
subjects in issue between himself and his oppo-
nent, Colonel Gentry, in 1855, which was dis-
cussed every day all over the State, in every coun-
ty, with but few exceptions. When he says what
he could have done, may I not ask what has he
done on this question in the promotion of ambi-
tious aspirations ? The very first time lie took
his seat in the Legislature of Tennessee, if I am
not misinformed, ne signalized himself by bring-
ing forward a proposition to alter the apportion-
ment of representation in the State of Tennessee,
contending that the existing basis of apportion-
ment was unjust to East Tennessee, which had
but few slaves as compared with the middle and
western sections of the State. In the election of
1855, my colleague, I presume, will not deny that
he continued to hold that doctrine, and that he
expressed it in the most inflammatory language.
He did not forbear to avow his doctrine. He was
too proud; he felt too conscious of his power, to
yield to any interest there might be in Middle or
Western Tennessee to induce him to change his
opinions. Ho has been consistent and persevere
ing in them, though I understand that, since this
agitation has risen to such a height, or since 1850,
according to the vindication I have heard from his
friends, he has ceased to urge his doctrine upon
the people, though he has not abandoned it. In
the election of 1855, unless I have been falsely in-
formed from numerous respectable sources, when
he was called upon to avow or disavow the sen-
timents attributed to him on this point, his ap-
peals were as inflammatory as ever.
In the course of the canvasses in Tennessee, the
female population usually come out to hear the-
champions on both sides in their debates, at bar-
becues and other occasions got up for the purpose
of hearing them declaim on the subject of politics;
and he asserted a doctrine which placed the deli-
cate females among his auditory upon a level
with the black wenches of the middle and west-
ern portions of the State—the property of the
slaveholding lords or aristocrats.
My colleague says his election as Governor by
a plurality of three thousand, in 1855, was deci-
sive of the Kansas-Nebraska question. I heard
none of the debates in that contest. I have only
seen these statements in the public newspapers,
and I have seen certificates of them. I have seen
a statement of a debate, which I have not before
me now, when Mr. Gentry called upon him, be-
fore a large audience in East Tennessee, to say
whether ho had not said so and so, having it
written down and presented to him to say yea or
nay, and he recognized it as what he said and
thought.
Now, sir, if there is any " wiring in and wiring
out," I should like to know who it is that has
been guilty of such double conduct? Who has
imitated the windings of the snake? I had no
wish to allude to these things. I made my re-
marks on the presentation of the resolutions of
the Legislature of Tennessee with the greatest
caution. I even asked my colleague, as it was
not usual on such occasions to make remarks,
that he would allow them to pass, unless he should
feel himself i mperatively called upon to say some-
thing. He did not say that he would pursue the
course which 1 suggested; but he said that his
c tirse would depend on the character of my re-
marks. lie gave me no notice -whatever of the
course he intended to pursue, which was in a
three-hour speech to bring forward ornamental
passages which he has been in the habit of recit-
ing on the stump, from Johnson to Shelby, when
canvassing the State—all his studied views of the
philosophy of government and the philosophy o*
slavery—all his notions of the rights of the peo-
ple, and squatter sovereignty, and what not. He
has brought them all in as an answer to my
speech, to hold me up as an unprincipled and
profligate statesman, which he in substance and
effect represented mo to be; and,after all, he con-
cluded with some strikingly offensive remarks in
relation to my pretensions as compared with his.
He spoke of my self-conception, and said he had
met gentlemen of more ability than I possessed,
even with my own conception of my powers;
and he asked,
" Upon what meat doth this our Ca?sar feed,"
that he claims such superiority over everybody
with whom he may come in collision?
Did I pretend to claim any superiority over any-
body? Did I claim that he was not my peer?
The pretext for such remarks was that I had stated
that I was not his competitor. I really did not
mean much by that remark; but as he had called
me competitor twice, I thought it proper, from the
tenor of his remarks, to disavow that I considered
myself his competitor; not that I did not regard
liim-as the peer of myself or any Senator on this
floor; not that I claim any superiority over him
in any form.
He recites the common-place lines commencing
"What constitutes a State ?" Men, of course;
and I ask, what constitutes-a man as he should
be ? such men as make up a State? A man of
principle, who, in public life particularly, will be
