1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
nine clerks, who have faithfully done the work of
six men, have failed to keep the work up oil the
maps of the States alone?
Mr. COBB'S reply was not heard by the re-
porter.
Mr. RUFFIN. That is what the daughtsman
says. I suppose they scarcely Work at all, from
what I have heard.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I have had occasion to look
into this matter as a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, and I go further even than my
friend. I believe this whole thing of preparing
special maps for the committee to be unnecessary
work. I believe it to be an idle" expenditure of
the public money, without the slightest benefit to
the country. This whole thing commenced in
1848, when a simple resolution was passed by
the House requiring the Clerk to furnish stained
maps to the Committee on Public Lands, to aid
them in their examinations. The work was com-
menced by two clerks, who, it seems, at first an-
swered the purpose designed by the resolution.
Afterwards the number was increased to nine
clerks.
Mr. COBB. First to four.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I may be mistaken about
that; but at any rate the number was afterwards
increased to nine clerks, appointed by the Clerk
of this House, who has no more supervision over
the public lands of the country than I have. These
nine clerks are entirely exempt from the restraints
imposed on those who are employed under the
Commissioner of Public Lands, who are enjoined
to secrecy, and prevented from furnishing maps
and information tcf speculators and jobbers in the
public lands. The salary of these clerks is $2,000;
or rather $1,800 each for the clerks, and $2,100
and $2,200 for the draughtsmen. Afterwards, and
whilst these nine clerks were still employed, eight
or ten extra clerks were employed—for how long
a period I do not now remember—but, according
to my recollection, thete were eighteen clerks cm-
ployed at $1,800 each, a year. For what? If
called upon to answer as an honorable.man, I
should say to increase the patronage of the Clerk
of the House, and for no good to the country.
I know, Mr. Chairman, that it is argued that
the Committee on Public Lands arc furnished in
this way with the information they require much
more promptly and reliably than if they were de-
pendent on the General iland Office. I utterly
deny the proposition. Sir, I have been a member
of the Committee* on Public Lands, and have en-
deavored to discharge my duties upon that com-
mittee faithfully; and if i have seen the first ref-
erence made to these stained maps by which we
have derived one particle of benefit, I do not know
it. It is well known that when companies are
formed for the purpose of constructing railroads,
or of obtaining appropriations of public lands for
any purpose, they are formed outside of the Cap-
itol; they come here with their plans laid out to
construct a railroad from one point to another, and
they pay no regard to lands that may have been
granted or disposed of to private individuals or
corporations. It isalso well known that when in-
formation is wanted by the committee, the chair-
man has only to refer the matter to the Commis-
sioner of Public Lands, who furnishes maps and
all the information necessary to show how much
land the pro-posed route will fake, and how much
of thatland has been grantedordisposed of. There
is no necessity whatever, then, of having stained
maps to refer to; because the Commissioner of
Public Lands can furnish all the information
needed, and furnish it as accurately as these men
do.
But there is another great objection to this sys-
tem, to which I have already alluded. I under-
stand that, by a rule of the General Land Office,
all the clerks employed there are enjoined to se-
crecy, m order that land speculators and land job-
bers may not obtain advantage over other citizens
of the country. There is thus a restraint upon
them, and they are removed, or some other pun-
ishment is inflicted, if they make such disclosures.
But there is no restriction upon these clerks under
the Clerk of the House of Representatives. He
can know nothing of it; and these clerks, for aught
I know, can furnish land speculators with inform-
ation which civcs them advantages over other cit-
izens; and that is a great objection.
Mr. COBB. I desire to say a word, with the
leave of the gentleman. W&en this resolution
was first introduced into the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands in 1848,1 was satisfied that these clerks
should be under the control of the Commissioner
of Public Lands, and Bhave been anxious from
that time to the present that they should be placed
under the contiol of the Secretary of'the Intciior
—an office which has since been created. These
clerks have access to all the records of the Land
Office, and there is no restraint at all upon them
in relation to any information which they might
give. I do not know that any of them have ever
given such information, but I am satisfied that if
the work is to be kept up at all, it ought to be
kept up under the control of the Department as
recommended by the Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
That is my opinion.
When the resolution was introduced, in 1848,
by Mr. Collamer,then chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, as I explained the other day,
there was a Democratic Administration and a
Democratic Commissioner of Public Lands, but a
Whig House, and we all know that political par-
ties like to keep all the patronage they can within
their own power. After awhile the position of
parties was reversed, and then the Democrats
were just as anxious to keep this patronage in
their hands as the Whigs had been. And then,
again, after awhile the Republicans got the power
here, and they were just as anxious to keep it.
But my judgment always has been that these
clerks ought to be under the control of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I must now claim the floor,
for the gentleman is occupying more time than I
intended to occupy myself, and I had not quite
finished the very little I had to say when he in-
terrupted me.
I am satisfied, Mr. Chairman, that this is a use-
less expenditure of the public money. I am sat-
isfied that $lG,500a year has been expended upon
this work, for some years past, without any value
to the country. Iventuto the assertion, not with-
standing all the arguments I have heard, that, if
we were to go into the committee-room of the
Committee on Public Lands, and look at these
maps, there is not a member on this floor who
would vote fifty dollars for them all. Why, sir,
you can purchase the best atlas published in this
country for twelve or fifteen dollars; and there
is not a gentleman here who would give a good
atlas for all the maps that have been compiled by
these clerks since 1848. I see no benefit to the
country from the continuance of this system. I
see in it an idle waste of the public money.
Gentlemen talk about small economy. I want
to say to gentlemen that most of the abuses which
have grown up to great magnitude u ndor this Gov-
ernment, and which have led to the lavish pouring
out of the public money from the Treasury, com-
menced in the most insignificant manner. This
system commenced with one or two clerks, and
then it went up to nine regular clerks, and nine
or ten extra ones; and, if you extend it to the Ter-
ritories, twenty-five clerks will be required, at a
corresponding cost. I can see that this adds to
the patronage of the Clerk of this House to the
extent of nine officers, at salaries from $1,800 to
£2,200 a year. I have seen these clerks, and ap-
plicants for their places, crowd round the door of
this House when the caucuses have been sitting
here for the nomination of Clerk. Hungry seek-
ers after loaves and fishes, I can see very well
how they manage to live off the honest earnings
of the tax-payers of the country. I can sec how
injustice may result to our citizens by things
which I have mentioned. These clcrks are away
from this Hall, in the Land Office department;
and away, sir, from the control of the Clerk.
There they can gather all valuable information
that is about, and then they may give it out to
land speculators.
Mr. WALBIUDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man whether he has ever heard that any one of
those clcrks has communicated information out-
1 side ?
| Mr. McGtUEEN". I want the gentleman to un-
i derstand that I make no assertion in the matter,
j I would vouch for very little which I hear. If
! there is anjr place where I hesitate ot everything,
j that place is this. I might be sold out of my boots
■ m making any statement, unless from my own
i knowledge I was satisfied it was exactly so. I have
I heard,I will say to the gentleman from Michigan,
that such things have been done, but from whom
1 cannot recollect.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Has the gentleman ever
heard of any specific allegation made against any
of these clerks, that information was unlawfully
communicated ?
Mr. McaUEEN. I have never heard of any
prosecution for any such offense. 1 have never
heard any specific allegation. I have heard, but
from whom 1 cannot say, that information has
been obtained from these clerks.
Mr. Chairman, 1 say that unless it can be
shown that these clerks, and this expense, are t~,
the advantage of the country, they ought to be
done away with. This may be a small matter,
but if let alone it will grow, and cause, after a
while, a lavish expenditure of the public money.
From as small, I have seen appropriations grow
up to millions. There are the water-works for this
city. First, we were asked for $100,000; and now
who is there that does not expect its cost to reach
$4,000,000 ? If this work be extended to the Ter-
ritories as weil as the States, an additional force
of clerks will be necessary, and the expense will
go on until it reaches hundieds of thousands.
Here is the place to stop it. I have no idea of
agreeing to lavish expenditures. If I can cut
off this expenditure, this useless expenditure of
$1G,000, I shall he gratified.
When gentlemen talk of the small economy of
curtailing patronage, I would remind them that
by holding on to this patronage, whether useless
or not, we are educating men to come here and
live upon the Treasury at the expense of the hon-
est tax-payers throughout the country, and with-
out giving in return the least benefit. They live
upon the Treasuiy, while the people derive no
good ftom the patronage extended to such clerks.
It may grow up into a great system, and entirely
destroy the rights of labor of the honest citizen.
I object to it.
Mr. DA VIS, of Indiana. I will, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from North Carolina,
say a woid. I had no desire to say a word on
this question; but being a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I deeril it my duty, in the
absence of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Montgomery,] to make a remark. The gentle-
man from South Caiohna, [Mr. McQueen,] my
colleague on the committee, has spoken of the ex-
travagant expenditures of the public money. If
there is any man in this House more against un-
necessary expenditure of the public money than
another, that man is myself. Under no circum-
stances should I vote a dollar out of the Treas-
ury, unless I believed that it was for the public
good.
Sir, it has been stated—I think it was stated
here in debate the other day—that some of the
clerks employed under authoiity of the Clerk of
this House had given information to certain land
speculators to the disadvantage of the public ser-
vice. I should like to know who the clerk is that
has unlawfully given this information.
•Mr. RUFFIN. I heard no such statement. To
whom docs the gentleman refer?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 think that it was
stated the other day, or it was, at least, insinu-
ated. It has been again referred to by my hon-
orable friend from South Carolina.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. The gentleman from Mich-
gan asked me if I heard anything of the sort. I
replied that I had made no reference to it as a fact.
I had heard something of the sort, but from whom
I could not undertake to say. I do not know a
single rlnrk who is involved in this whole matter.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. What I object to is
this: that any statement shall be made against
clerks in the employ of the Government, without
the specific charge stated, and against whom it is
made. If any of the clcrks have been guilty of
an offense, lot their names be given, and let the
Clerk of this House dismiss them. I know the
Clerk of this House well, and I know that if any
clerk under Ins employment had committed an
offense of the kind charged, lie would at once dis-
miss him. This much is due to that gentleman.
The gentleman has spoken of the desire of mem-
bers lo get their friends places. I am not troubled
in that respect. I do not know a cierk employed
there, except one. I have no cierk there, and I
am glad to say I have only one or two from my
district m any of the Departments at Washing-
ton.
