2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Jennings that if every vote in those two precincts
were given to his opponent, he would not be
elected any way; so that their votes were waived,
on the principle of the Massachusetts case. Con-
gress then decided that, although there was no
authority*of law to hold the election, the people
being entitled under the Constitution to represent-
ation, and there being no fraud, the legal electors
having sent a member, he should hold his seat.
I want to know what stronger case there could be
than that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that if that is the case of a Delegate, it does njot
- come under this provision of the Constitution at
all.
- Mr. TOOMBS. Why not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because there is no con-
stitutional provision for theelection of Delegates.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a provision of law
that the Delegate shall be elected by a majority
of the people of a Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I say is that this
provision of the Constitution does not apply to a
Delegate.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the question arose there
whether the man who was elected without any
authority of law could hold the seat? Whether
the election was under a law derived from Con-
gress or under the Constitution, could make no
particular difference. Congress halving omitted,
by mistake, to' provide for an election, the people
being entitled to representation under our institu-
tions, though there was no law of Indiana, and
none of Congress, no law anywhere, yet, inas-
much as there was no fraud alleged, the man
whom the people sent here was declared to be en-
titled to his seat. Both the cases which I have
read went to this ground under the Constitution
as to the seat of a member of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They did not come up to
that.
Mr. TOOMBS. They came to that distinct prin-
ciple; and there was a very important case from
Pennsylvania on the same ground which I think
■will cover this case, and I invite attention espe-
cially to it. It is the case of ex parte Hoge. The
constitution of Pennsylvania said that whenever
there should be a vacancy, the Governor should
issue his proclamation to call an election; but the
provision fixing the time, place, and manner of
electing members of Congress in Pennsylvania,
and in many of the States, applied only to reg-
ular elections, and did not apply to vacancies.
The constitution says that the time, place, and
Wanner of electing members may be fixed by
the Legislature, or by Congress. Neither Con-
gress nor the Pennsylvania Legislature had fixed
it for a vacancy. What was the result? Mr.
Hoge was elected it seemed upon two days' no-
tice, and that was a great point. It was very ably
argued by some of the ablest men of that time.
It was admitted that there was no law of Penn-
sylvania to fix the time, or manner, or the place
of election. The Governor issued his procla-
mation to have an election. After a full review
and able argument, Congress ae.ted on the great
principle I am acting on to-day, that a majority
of those persons who by the Constitution and
the laws were entitled to choose a member of the
House of'Representatives were to be respected; I
that although Pennsylvaniahad not fixed the time,
the place, and the manner of the election, yet as
there was no fraud, and as the electors had met
peaceably, and under some color of authority— !
the proclamation of the Governor—and elected a
Representative, that eiection should stand. That
decision was made under the same clause of the
Constitution under which we are to decide tins
question,for Senators and members of the other
House come under the same clause. If the prin-
ciple does not cover this case, I admit my own
obtuseneas is unable to see the distinction.
The Constitution provides that the time, the
place, and the manner of electing Senators and
Representatives shall be fixed by the Legislature,
reserving to Congress the right to alter the regu-
lations as to time and manner. There was no law
on the point in Indiana. She is entitled to two
Senators under the Constitution. They are here.
Now, what question are we to determine? Are
these men returned by those persons lawfully en-
titled to return them ? That is the only question
I intend to meet. It is unnecessary for this case
to go to the extent I do; but that is the only ques-
tion I want to know, as I held here in the ease
of Mr. Harlan; and I am grounded by the pre-
cedents of the wise men of the country. There
was no party question in regard to the admission
of the Territorial Delegate, in 1810, under Mr.
Madison's administration. The anti-war party
had not then risen, much less been crushed out;
but by a great majority of B3 to 30 the House of
Representatives then said " these are forms; if
the people who had the right to send a Represent-
ative here have sent him, he shall stay." Very
well; these "gentlemen come here from Indiana.
What do they bring? They bring the highest
evidence from their own State of Indiana, that
they are her Senators; as good as I bring, or as
you bring, sir. It is a great thing to go behind
it. It is not an unimportant thing to a States-
rights man to say that you will inquire into it. It
is rather a derogation of the State that you do not
inquire into Lord Napier's commission, and see
whether his Government had a right to send him
here; whether he was legally sent here; and it is
a great thing to go behind the broad seals of the
sovereign States of this Union; but for wise pur-
poses, probably, the Constitution gave this body
the right to inquire into the elections, qualifica-
tions, and returns of its own members; and there-
fore this inquiry is before us to-day. It comes
here by virtue of that constitutional power. These
gentlemen are here with the seal of a sovereign
State. They are here with the certificate of the
Governor of their State. Will you go behind it?
Yes, by virtue of this authority; but tread ten-
derly upon this sacred ground.
Go to the legislative records of Indiana, and
you find that, according to the usage of her sister
States, a join t convention of both branches elected
Senators without reference to how stood the mem-
bers of the House, and how stood the members
of the Senate'of the State. That record says that
both branches did meet, and that eighty-three
votes out of the one hundred and fifty of which
both branches were composed, a large majority,
did elect them. Now we have got the substance;
we have got two men, elected by the great ma-
jority of those, alone, to whom the people of In-
diana could commit the right to send Represent-
atives to this Chamber—their Legislature. They
are the only persons, under the Constitution of
the United States, to whom she could commit this
right. She can appear before you in no other way
than through a majority of the members of her
Legislature. They, unquestionably, received a
majority of all the votes. There is no impeach-
ment of that fact. There are but one hundred
members of the House, and fifty members of the
Senate, making one hundred and fifty altogether;
and these gentlemen were elected by the votes of
eighty-three clear, undisputed members of this
Legislature of one hundred and fifty, in the pres-
ence of the Lieutenant Governor, who presides
over the Senate, and the Speaker, who presides
over the House of Representatives, and all the
people; and they gave them certificates.
Then we have the highest evidence of the ex-
ecutive department; we have the highest evidence
of the legislative department of Indiana; but we
are asked to go behind that. Where shall we go?
To a faction ? I will not speak of them as I think
of them. I have denounced them when they were
with me; I spare my opponents the deep indigna-
tion which I feel for their traitorous violation of
their oaths, and the Constitution of my country.
I say I will spare my opponents, though I did not
spare my friends on a like occasion. Who comes
here? Is there a contestant ? None. Is Indiana
here protesting against this election through her
executive, legislative, or judicial departments?
Not at all: these gentlemen speak for her. Not
one of her departments contests their authority.
Who are the men that do? They are traitorous,
perjured wretches, who say, " we have been
smart enough to cheat the Government,and cheat
our State." "Vou may class it as you please; you
may think what I say harsh. I admit I am rude
of speech; but I generally speak what I think;
and I am just, I trust in God, even in the denun-
ciation I bestow on these-men; and I think I am
from the fact that I do not denounce them stronger
than I did those who opposed this Black Repub-
lican behind me [Mr. Harlan] when his seat was
up. I consider them traitors, enemies of the Con-
stitution and the Union, and double traitors for
being enemies of the constitution of their own
Commonwealth; for I admit that my first allegi-
ance is to my own State, not here. My country is
not here only so far as my State wills it. The mo-
ment she wills it, this Government may be my
enemy. I consider myself an embassador of my
State; and whenever she wills it, my allegiance is
due to her. You know now that I am not court-
ing your favor from other parts of the Republic.
These are my principles, and my politics, and I
shall stand by them.
Here, 1 say, is the executive and here is the
legislative department of Indiana, who tell us that
these gentlemen are the embassadors whom they
send to the councils of the Republic. A part of
the members of the Legislature come here and
say, "we did not participate in the election; the
constitution gives the power to elect to the Legis-
lature; we are a part of the Legislature, and we
had nothing to do with it because we wanted to
defeat the great right of our sovereign State to be
represented in the Senate of the United States; we
have been without one Senator for two years, and
should be without another one for two years,
unless an election was made at this time; cannot
you honorable Senators of the United States, rep-
resentatives of sovereign States, help us to per-
petrate this iniquity?" It would go hard with me
if I could not find someplace to cheat such scoun-
drels and to defeat their schemes. I would lay
my hand on the law as long as it stood by me,
and then I do not know whether I should not be
provoked to stand on the principles of eternal
justice before I could submit to it. It is not right.
I would not submit to it, I care not who did it.
If you go behind the broad seal of the State,
what do you find ? My honorable friend from
Louisiana told you what you find there. You
find traitors, rebels, assassins, men lawlessly act-
ing in that very legislative hall, setting up an im-
■perium in impeno, as negligent and defiant of the
laws of their own making as they were of the
Constitution of their country, which they had
sworn to support. What do they say? They
say they have not gone into this business?
Nov/1 come to a point which will delay me but
a very few minutes longer. It is very clear that
it would not be necessary to my purpose to con-
sider whether they went in or not. I hold that
the Constitution means that a majority of the
members of a Legislature can elect. 1 hold that a
minority among the people cannot defeat the ex-
ercise of this right, nor a minority of legislators.
It is a great right secured to the people by the
highest fundamental law of the land. It is a right
which is secured to the representatives of the
people that it is not in the power of minorities to
defeat. Senators, it has a stronger and a sterner
security. You do injustice to yourselves and to
your country when you tell me that the Constitu-
tion of your country can be thus torn asunder by
these miserable miscreants. It is too strong for
them. Do not sacrifice the substance to the
shadow. The substance is,shall asovereign State,
through the persons to whose hands she has com-
mitted the right of sending her embassadors to this
body, be defeated by a minority? I say that the
electors to whom this power is confided shall be
allowed to exercise it, so far as I am concerned.
The question on which this case rests has been
determined in the House of Representatives for
sixty years. The substance is a fair election by
those who are entitled to make it. The forms are
the means by which you arrive at it. I will break
down all the forms to get at the substance; but
here I say the forms were followed. By thecon-
| stitution of Indiana she had a joint convention,
j The joint convention was regulaily called by the
| constitution; it was regularly assembled by the
i consent of both branches, because a majority of
the Senate and a majority of the other House went
in. It is true three of the Senators said they went
in to look on. Well, sir, when I have got them
there, I will keep them for a better purpose.
They might have s-one m to scoff; I will keep them
there for the public good. They were bodily
present, and 1 will use them.
This convention having been called by the con-
stitution, having been constituted of the Senate
: and House of Representatives, it was a legal body
known to the constitution. It was made, it was
true, for the purpose of counting the votes for
Governor, and for no other purposo under the
constitution, for that was the only reason for
which they were called together; but there stood
