1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mw
fending those measures, where did my honorable
colleague stand? l.'p to the time when God, in
the exercise of his inscrutable Providence, called
General Taylor to—
Tin* uudweovt i'd country, fiom whose bourn
No traveler letuuis,"
and Mr. Fillmore was called into power, where
did my colleague stand ? Was it not understood
that he was in opposition to the course taken by
the distinguished statesman of Kentucky, whom
I came here to listen to with delight and pleasure
every day ? The gallant bearing, the noble sen-
timents uttered by that great man during that
contest,brought me up nearer to him and removed
many of the prejudices I had contracted in early
life, in reference to him. General Taylor, with
all the patronage of the Administration, took his
stand in favor of what was called the non-action
policy, leaving the country and the questions to
take care of themselves, though dissolution might
come, though the country was bleeding. He was
for letting in California, and leaving all the other
questions unsettled. Have we forgotten that
strong simile that was presented in the Senate,
by Mr Clay holding up his hand, extending his
fingers, and saying that theie were five bleeding
wounds, and that the Administration only pro-
posed to slop one, leaving the other four bleeding
profusely ?
In this condition of things, and when that man
was appealing to the'eountry, where did the great
compiomiser—1 mean my honorable colleague—
stand ? He stood here sustaining the Administra-
tion, and against Mr. Clay. Until General Tay-
lor died, in July, 1850, here he stood, opposing all
those measures, giving the weight of his reputa-
tion, and the benefit of his talents, m opposition
to that distinguished man who has acquired some
reputation as a compromiser, and deservedly so.
Where did he stand while those live wounds were
bleeding? After the President passed from time
to eternity, and Mr. Fillmore came 111, and action
must ultimately be had, and his leader was gone
then he came up to support the compromise.
When you take my honorable colleague's course
on all the measures with which he has been con-
nected, you find a disposition rather to go along
on botli sides. Itishishistory. Takehisspeeches,
with all his power to refine and double-distill, and
they run along carrying arguments on both sides;
it is hard to tell where he will locate until his vote
is given.
My honorable colleague yesterday evening, in
the midst of his excitement, (which was so great
that he refused to allow anybody to move an ad-
journment,) in referring to what I had done, said
that I had my documents dog-eared; and I had
made a terrible onslaught. Why, sir, a portion
of the things that were used by me were gotten up
after the discussion commenced. In the very same
remarks he told the Senate that he had studied his
speech; that he had conned it; that he had mem-
orized it; but that he had not delivered it in the
Senate as ho had prepared it; that he was careful
in selecimg the. terms he used. I have no fault to
find with that; but where is the force of the ob-
jection that I should have had a document ready
to quote? I did have some references. I can in-
form my honorable colleague, if' he does not know
it, that i try to imitate; sometimes I am an im-
itator; and I remember reading the old maxim
"always keep your powder dry." Itwasagreat
maxim with Cromwell. I did not know but that
he might come m here on the presentation of these
resolutions, or on some other occasion, and make
an onslaught on Democracy and the principles I
advocated, and I wanted to be prepared, come
when he might, to meet his assaults; for I knew
they could be met and answered successfully.
Dog-eared ! I think if ray colleage had dog-eared
some of his documents a little more than hg has
done, he would have been more fortunate in.some
particulars than he has been.
The most of the speech thill has been trtiule to-
day has been an attempt to show that public opin-
ion in Tennessee has not come in conflict with his.
He repeats what I stated yesterday, that I had can-
vassed the State from Johnson to Shelby, and
that I made the issue upon every stump. That is
true. I did make the issue with my competitor,
Colonel Gentry, who was a man popular in man-
ners, of fine personal address, and as fine declam-
atory powers as any man in the country, and I
pressed it upon lum every day, with scarcely an
exception. I pressed upon him to know how he
was on the Kansas-Nebraska question ? My hon-
orable colleague's course was known, ft was
known that a portion of the delegation here had
voted against him, and the inference was, that
Colonel Gentry, if he had taken ground, would be
with those colleagues in the other House who
voted for the bill. That was the opinion; I will
not. say it was the fact; but it is well known that
if he had tald-n ground against it, ho would have
been beaten many more thousand votes in the
State than he was. He saved himself, and tried
to save some of his fnends, by withholding an
avowal of his sentiments on the subject; but even
with Know Nothingism on hand, with all their
plans and the appliances that were brought to
bear on that contest, the State was carried by a
decisive Democratic majority. Look at the elec-
tion of members of Congress, if you want to see
how public opinion has been expressed. I see
some of the members not far from me. The issue
was made on this identical question, and every
man who voted against that bill has beenconsigned
to the tomb of the Capulets. My honorable col-
league is holding 011 to his place by the tenure of
a six-years' term.
He says that the American party commenced
the canvass of 1855 in the State of Tennessee with
the confident hope of carrying the State by an
( overwhelming majority. That is very true. They
] did set out with the belief that they" would carry
' it by a large majority. What they believed, and
what they set out with, is one tiling; but what they
did, is another and a very different thing. The
result turned out differently from their anticipa-
tion. They were disappointed, and we carried
the State by an overwhelming majority. How
is it possible, then, that my honorable colleague
can be deceived in reference to public opinion
there?
Then, in 1S5G, followed another contest, with
identically the same issues involved, discussed by
the electors throughout the State; and what was
the result of that canvass? An increase of the
popular majority for Democracy to seven thou-
sand five hundred votes. In 1857 the same issues
were before the country, and one of the electors
who was on the ticket for the State at large the
preceding fall was the candidate for Governor,
and he cariied the State by a majoiity of ten thou-
sand votes. Yet my honorable colleague, m the
face of all this, gets up here and tells the Senate
that he docs not believe there are five hundred
men in the State of Tennessee who understand
the question. That is veiy complimentary to the
people of Tennessee! Jn 1354 the question was
before the Legislature; it has since been discussed
in two gubernatorial elections, in congressional
and presidential elections; and yet my honorable
colleague has the hardihood to give it as his opin-
ion here that there are not five hundred men ill
the State who understand the question.
Now, when the Legislature are in session fresh
from the people, elected at the same time with the
Governor, who received ten thousand majority,
they pass resolutions, after discussing the subject,
in which they instruct their Senators to do cer-
tain things, in which they express their opinions,
and m those resolutions they recite the language
of my honorable colleague, in which he declared
in substance, that if public opinion was against
him in his own State he would not be seen one
day longer in the Senate. Yesterday he declared
that these extracts were garbled. What do we
mean by a garbled extract ? It is an extract taken
from a paragraph, or a writing, or a speech, which
taken by itself, means something different from
what it would when read in connection with the
whole context. Is not that so? He said it was
garbled, thereby making him mean something that
lie did not state. Did my honorable colleague
show to-day that by reading these paragraphs in
connection with anything else, they meant any-
thing but just what the Legislature has stated?
He did not; and ho leaves tnem untouched with j
the simple declaration that the extracts are gar- I
bied. How? They are there; every part that!
would make them mean just what they are; and i
what does he say ? In his place here he declared I
that if the voice of the people of Tennessee was jj
against him, he would not be seen i« the Senate ij
another day. How does he stand > Go to Mr. i
Elhuridge's distiict, now represented by General j
Atkms, and to Nathaniel G. Taylor's district, ..
now represented by the honorable Albert a. Wat-
kins, and how diaes the matter stand? In Mr.
Etheridge's district, where it was stated by my
colleague the issue was directly made, and upon,
this question the election turned,and how does it
stand there?- Take the isolated case he presents.
Mr. Etheridge, a man of talent and ability, was
borne down by public opinion, ;md General At-
kins sent here in his place. If all tin's evidence,
when summed up and presented to my honorable
colleague, is not a proof of popular sentimeiit, ih
the name of high Heaven, what will convince him
as to the opinion of the people of Tennessee! If
these proofs will not convince him, one rising from
the dead would not convince him.
He says, though, that recently in arguing tlje
question of squatter sovereignty, the people hare
begun to understand the subject. Then you gee,
that just in proportion as they began to under-
stand the question, the Democratic majority in-
creased. In the first race, we had say two thou-
sand; in the next, seven thousand five hundred;
in the next, ten thousand, carrying the Legisla-
ture by an overwhelming majority. Just as we
understand it more and more, in the very same
proportion the majority increases, running up,
where they will continue to go until this question
is settled.
He speaks of his course on the right of petition,
and says I have referred to his course in reference
to petitions. I did, and he does not con'trovert
what I said. That stands just as it did before.
The first speech I ever made in the Congress of
the United States was on the right of petition. I
do not look upon that right in the light some do.
1 do not assume that the people of this Confeder-
acy should approach the Congress of the United
States in the humiliating and humble attitude of
petitioners. It is not in accordance with the ge-
nius of the Government. It will do in monarch-
ical and kingly Governments. It is true, we have
in the Constitution a provision that the people
have the right peaceably at all times to assemble
and petition for redress of grievances; but we
assume here that the people are sovereign. When
the sovereign, the great mass of- the nation, ex-
presses its will, it is the duty of Congress to obey
their master, not to receive their master in the
humble character of a petitioner. That is the
diffeience between us on that point.
But by way of making a set-off and e^oner-
atinghimselffrom the position thatl had assigned
him, when, going upon inference, I gave it as an
opinion, that he might, if he were disposed, play
a game for strength at the North and at the South;
he says that 1 stated yesterday that I knew on
this question of slavery what even I, humble aa
I am, could have done in my own State. I did not
state it to show that I was actuated by principle.
I understand the principles on which this great
institution of slavery stands; and in the section
of the State of Tennessee where I live, where
there are but few slaves, I took the bold ground
which I stated yesterday, in reference to the na-
ture of the institution itself, and have continued
to maintain it. But the gentleman here, has at-
tempted to lug in on this occasion some things,
that are understood at home, in an under-current.
It was the reason and cause of my reply to Ms
remarks yesterday on the subject of slavery. The
idea with some is, and it is industriously culti-
vated—'"Oh, he lives in Eastern Tennessee; there
are not many slaves there; he does not own
many," and hence the inference is " that he is to
be doubted, and we will try to array all the slave
feclingin the strong slaveholding counties against
him." That is the game they play.
I wish he would bring here the speech he .refers
to, instead of relating it on some kind of conver-
sation picked up from itinerants here and there,
and read the speech itself, which he says was
made on Broad street, in which I threw out some
strange doctrines about squatter sovereignty and
in reference to slavery. In that very speech my
vifiws are laid down on the question of slavery,
and I argued on the principle upon which slavery
stands. If I had been disposed to play the dem-
agogue, I might have done so; but is there any
evidence of it ? In regard to my speech on Broad
street, he says that his friends, or somebody else,
told him so and so, and gave him this version or
that version of it. Now, if you let a man go about
privateering, and picking up a little scrap of in-
formation here, a loose remnant there, and a sen-
