888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
tence somewhere else, and put all this together
and make a position of it, you can demonstrate
anything on the face of the earth. I disclaim and
deny that sort of process of reasoning. It is not
legitimate; it is not according to the rules of the lo-
gician; it is far from the character of a statesman.
I did make a speech in Broad street, and I pub-
lished it all. ItXvas read, and I thought, when I
got it down, to spealc rather in the language of
the schoolmaster, that there was some right good
reading in it. It took pretty well; it was read,
and sought for. My colleague made a speech in
the market-house. He made one of those moving
speeches; he commenced with agood large crowd,
and he spoke it all away. [Laughter.] A few
days afterwards he published half of it, bu-t the
other half has never been published yet. That
is what he dids 
But he refers to my course in the Legislature
by way of relief; but in all that he has said, has
he shown that I was inconsistent in anything?
I do not claim to belong to the stiff-necked family
that never change an opinion; but has he shown
any inconsistency? Not the slightest. But take
my competitor's course, before I come to the ne~
gro idea involved in this reference to my course
)n the Tennessee Legislature, and what is it?
The lines I presented yesterday are a clear and
good illustration of it. He was for the compro-
mise awhile and then for the non-action policy;
for the repeal of the Missouri compromise and
against it. He voted to repeal it m 1850, and
voted against its repeal in 1854. Take his course
and his speech. We are getting to be sort of
poetic here, and I think of two other little lines;
they arc from negro melodies, and they may be
pardoned, as negroes seem to be the great subject
in these times, like Aaron's rod, swallowing up
all other questions. What is his speech ? Here
is one point and there is another point; here is
one inconsistency and there is another inconsist-
ency, and I know nothing better to illustrate it
by than the negro's melody:
" There's Point Look-out and Point Look-in,
There's Point-no-Point, and Point A m "
That is about agood illustration and represent-
ation of his speeches here and elsewhere, and of
his course, speaking on both sidos, seeming to be
with both parties, going along between wind and
water. I am speaking of him as a politician.
Has he shown my inconsistency ? Not at all.
What was the main thing he relied upon ? That,
in the Legislature, I had been somewhat strange
in my proceedings or course in reference to the
question of slavery. I dislike, in a discussion
with an honorable colleague, to follow him along,
step by step, and remove his arguments or state-
ments piece by piece; and after having removed
them all, when we march up to this last position,
it is almost painful to me. 1 see him standing like
a cripple, resting upon a crutch; and it appears to
be somewhat unkind, after having driven him to
his crutch, to walk up and kick the crutch from
under him; and I am almost inclined, on this point,
to let the cripple go.
But what is it that I did in the Legislature ? He
thinks it is the first Legislature I "was ever in. It
seems to be all conjecture, a mysterious, incom-
prehensible, indefinable sort of mass that is float-
ing along through his cranium. There is nothing
distinct or tangible; but it is all confusiortjsome-
ljow or other—I cannot exactly tell how. You
have seen that illustrated in the effort to-day to
extricate himself from the votes I pinned upon
him in the Journal; and evenafter he got the doc-
ument and was reading from it, I showed that the
position I assumed yesterday was true to the letter.
But in the Legislature I introduced some resolu-
tions; and what were they? Did he show that I
was inconsistent? Did he show thy 11 had backed
out from them, that I had disavowed any opinion
1 had ever entertained ? 1 was a member of the
Legislature in 1842, after Congress had made the
apportionment of the number of representatives
to which the several States were entitled according
to the existing ratio. Tennessee was entitled to
eleven members in Congress under that ratio. The
number was settled. Three fifths of the slaves
were added to the whole number of whites. In
making the apportionment under the Constitu-
tion, to whom is it made? Is it made to particu-
lar districts? is it made to particular localities,or
is the apportionment made to the States? The
apportionment is made to the States; and Ten-
nessee, under the Constitution, received eleven
members, getting the benefit of three fifths of the
slaves. That point was settled; that Was over;
that was done.
In the Legislature of 1842, I introduced two
resolutions. There seems to be a contrariety of
opinion aboutthem; and I will state just what oc-
curred, so that my colleague can readily remem-
ber it the next time he undertakes to tell it. What
were those two resolutions ? Some said elect by
general ticket, some by districts, some one way,
and some another. I said: {{ Gentlemen, if you
elect by general ticket, the qualified voters will
elect all the members. How do you elect mem-
bers, now ? Do you not elect by general ticket ?
and who does elect them ? The voting population.
Your State, in making up this electoral college,
has the benefit of three fifths of the slaves, be-
cause that college consists of a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives. That is the basis of the college."
Then in the Legislature of 1842, after my State
had the benefit of the three-fifths principle in the
apportionment of members of Congress,. I intro-
duced a resolution, that if the State were laid off
into districts, the districts shall be composed of
the several counties in the State, without regard
to slave population. Another resolution was that
the one hundred and twenty thousand qualified
voters of the State should be divided by eleven,
and that each eleventh of the qualified voters of
the State should elect one Representative. I was
for it then, and I am for it now. It is right, and it
is correct. In the States, wc hold that slaves are
property. Wc hold, in laying our States off into
senatorial and representative districts, that prop-
erty is not an clement of representation. These
resolutions were substantially in the words of the
constitution of the State, that the representatives
shall be apportioned according to the number of
qualified voters.
Is there any abolition in that? Coming back
to the idea I havefever entertained since I formed
an opinion in reference to sovereignty, what is it
i that constitutes a State? Is it not the qualified
: voters ? Is it not the thinking, living, active, pro-
| ducing, intelligent, portion of the population who
| have the.rjght of suffrage ? If they constitute the
| State, are they not all equals? And where do you
| derive the right, in apportioning your representa-
! tives, to discriminate between sovereigns in the
j same State, and to give one a larger representa-
! tion than you do another?
Does the Senator show any inconsistency in
this? I was attacked upon it, and it was dis-
cussed from one extreme of the State to the other.
1 had to discuss the question in the strongest slave-
holding county in the State of Tennessee—Fay-
ette. I discussed it with Augustus Henry, who
is called the eagle orator—the lmoal descendant
of the forest-born Demosthenes, Patrick Henry.
He, with all his eloquence and the attachment and
devotion the Whig party had for lum, pressed the
question with all the power that was in him; and
in the strongest slaveholding county in the State
I increased the Democratic vote; and the State,
which was understood then to be directly Whig
in its complexion, was carried by the Democracy
by a handsome majority.
Do none of the other southern States do what
I proposed then? I think some of them do. 1
believe Louisiana has incorporated, to some ex-
tent, the same principle into her policy; and so
have Mississippi and Alabama. Where is the
difference between this principle and electing the
members by general ticket ? Suppose you put all
your members on one ticket: do not the whole
number of qualified voters elect them ? Suppose
you divide the State into districts: does not each
division elect its own member? So we sec what
that amounts to; but the gentleman has relied
upon it as the main thing, as a set-off.
I know the Senate are tired of this dish of
politics relating exclusively to the State of Ten-
nessee, and I have no disposition to press it upon
them. If my colleague, on introducing these
resolutions, had made such remarks as I thought
would not have called for reply, not one word
would have been uttered by me.
But, Mr. President, in conclusion, how does
this matter stand? I lepeat again, by way of
asking the question, has my honorable colleague
refuted, or successfully met one single fact stated
by me, or one single argument I have made?
Dees not my position stand untouched in the
slightest degree? I feel now that I have pursued
my colleague almost too far; for, from the contor-
tions and restlessness manifested by him, I am
not mistaken about the result. I know (and I say
it not in the spirit of boast) when I have issues
that will hold; I know when I have my victim
that I can grip; I know when I have got the argu-
ment, and the fact that will sustain me, and upon
which I can rely; and I have no disposition to
pursue my colleague still further. I could enu-
merate many other inconsistencies of his; but, if
I know myself, I am humane. Llook, politically
speaking, on my honorable colleague as now
being down. He is now out of power, and he
that is down can fall no lower. I am a humane
man. I look upon him in his prostrate condition
with all the tender sympathies of humanity. I have
no disposition to pursue my colleague further. I
will not mutilate the dead, nor add one additional
pang to the tortures of the already—condemned.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I do not mean to
say anything ill-natured except this one thing,
which, perhaps, my colleague may so regard: I
would rather be myself dead than tharman living.
Notwithstanding his professions, he has pursued
a course indicative of the boiling over within
him of that feeling of malice with which lie pur-
sued me before. 1 may be dead, politically speak-
ing; but that is the position of honor when the
times turn up such members of the Senate as he is,
He has mistaken my position on the compro-
mise of 1850. He alleges that I was opposed to
the great commoner, Mr. Clay, in his attempt to
heal those bleeding wounds, and that I stood with
President Taylor, on the non-action policy. Now,
I wish merely to state the facts. I suppose my
colleague does not really know very well what
they are. I will tell you, sir, and the Senate, that
I contended from the very first, that the best thing
the South could'do would be to admit California
with certain boundaries, even before she sent her
constitution here. There are some here, perhaps,
who may remember my contest with Judge Ber-
rien, of Georgia, on the subject, whether that
could be done. They had a provisional govern-
ment, with no constitution formed: and I took
the position that the Congress of the United States
could admit States—not merely in conformity
with the language or on the condition always im-
plied in our enabling acts; but that we could ad-
mit societies, bodies politic, formed by common
consent or volu ntary arrangement and agreement,
with defined boundaries, when we believed there
was population enough to justify it, and the
population was not prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. I thought that by pursuing such a policy
as that, the SQuth would get a slave State in Cal-
ifornia; but I was votpd down by southern gen-
tlemen. Mr. Calhoun,among others, would not
admit the idea that any State could be admitted
into this Union under the circumstances under
which California presented herself. My propo-
sition got only a few votes; but I will state here,
in my own vindication, that I had the promise
and expectation of a large vote from both sides
of the Chamber
My colleague says that I acted with General
Taylor in 1850. I had the greatest respect and
veneration for his patriotism and for his sound
practical sense. I vindicated him as the head of
the administration of the Government, against
what I considered the unjust assaults of leading
men of his own party, and Mr. Clay among them;
but that very committee of thirteen, which has
been so often spoken of, was ordered by the Sen-
ate, m 1850, on my resolution. I brought in sev-
eral resolutions signifying the basis of a compro-
mise which I thought expedient and practicable.
These resolutions were the basis of a proposition
to refer the subject to a select committee of thir-
teen, made by the honorable Senator then from
Mississippi, Mr. Foot. I departed from the pol-
icy of General Taylor, who was then President
of the United States. My propositions were not
consistent with his plan. What I suppose my
colleague alludes to is the vindication by me of the
honest motives of General Taylor when he pro-
posed to defer the subject, stating his own views
of the proper mode of disposing of the Territories;
which was to leave thein as they were until they
should form State constitutions and ask for ad-
mission into the Union, which he supposed would
heal the whole difficulty; and then they would
