2948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«June 11,
men of another political character would have
been elected. I regret exceedingly that when the
honorable Senatpr means, as he says he means,
and as I believe he means, to be just—though he
admits he is a little coarse—he did not, in that
honest indignation which denounced traitors and
factionists, find a little indignation to pour out
upon those men who kept the State of Indiana
partially unrepresented on this floor during nearly
the whole of the last Congress, by refusing to go
into a convention for the purpose of choosing a
Senator. I should have liked the justice, coarse
as it was, if it had come in equal showers upon
the traitors and factionists that helped to keep
Republicans out, as well as upon those who tried
to keep Democrats out, but could not do it.
Well, now, sir, what is this casf ? I have
looked at the precedents that have been presented
in the senatorial history of the contests there have
been for seats on this floor, and they have not
jbeen very many, nor have the points that have
been presented been very complicated; and I be-
lieve that up to the time of the election of my hon-
orable friend from Iowa, there never had been an
occasiou when one branch of the Legislature of
any State came to the Senate, and made procla-
* mation that by the usurpation of a coordinate
branch of the Legislature, it had been defrauded
of the prerogative which the Constitution of the
United States conferred upon it; that the rights,
the immunities, and the privileges which had been
confided to it by the Constitution and by the vote
of its constituents, had by a usurpation been
wrested from it, and it had been nullified and its
voice silenced by a usurpation. I believe that up
to the time the Senate of Iowa made that com-
plaint, it was never heard on the floor of the
Senate of the United States. It was Vieard then, I
believed then, and believe now, unjustly so; I
believed the Senate of fowa had no right to com-
plain; that the forms, and the spirit, and intentof
the constitution had been complied with, and
everything had been done which they had a right
to ask, and it was mere contumacy, mere factious
opposition, which induced a majority of them to
withhold their presence. Hut, sir, this body, act-
ing upon the high functions which the Constitu-
tion devolves upon it, as the judge of the elections
of its own members, had so tender a regard for
State rights and State sovereignty, and for the re-
lations due from one coordinate branch of a Legis-
lature to another, that upon that complaint, un-
founded as I believed it was, a majority of ten of
this House solemnly iccorded upon the enduring
Journals of the Senate their judgment, in their high
capacity as judges under 'the Constitution, that
my honorable friend from Iowa was not entitled
to his seat. Now, I ask sophistry—£do not ask
justice, coaise or fine, but I ask sophistry—to
point out a reason that can justify the expulsion of
the Senator from Iowa from his seat, and can give
seats to those gentlemen who are claiming them
from the State of Indiana ?
I igr^e with the Senator from Georgia that the
question, so far as it relates to the individuals who
are holding the seats, sinks into utter insignifi-
cance; it is not worthy of being weighed in the
balance for a moment. If I know my own heart
—and I appeal to the Searcher of hearts to bear
witness to my integrity when I say it—if I could \
do it conHistently with the obligations which I
have assumed by taking a scat on this floor, it
would afford me pleasure to record my vote in
favor of the sitting members. The intercourse
which £ have had with them has been such that
I certainly have no disposition to do anything to-
wards them or either of them butwhat is dictated
by the kindest considerations of personal regard;
but, sir, I stand here on the same ground that the
honorable Senator from Geoigia stands, and f
agree that considerations relating merely to the
persons or individuals that are to occupy these
places sink into utter insignificance.
Air. President, the doctrine of majorities which
has been so much dwelt upon seems to me to be ij
a doctrine which I have heard qualified upon this ||
floor, and qualified by no man more eloquently, j!
more lucidly, and to my mind more satisfactorily, j!
than by the honorable Senator from Georgia. I <;
remember, not long ago, to have heard him dc- ji
clare that the world made a great stride when it h
discovered that minorities had rights, and that ii
majorities should not always rule over them, j!
And, sir, what is the idea of constitutional gov- i'
ernment? What mean parchment, and paper,
and ink? >what mean the conclaves of the patriot
fathers who founded this family of Common-
wealths, and incorporated into written instruments
the provisions by which Government was to be
carried on and its administration made progress-
ive? Simply to protect the rights of minorities.
Majorities can take care of themselves. Major-
ities can always, unrestrained and untrammeled
by constitutional prohibitions, carry their point.
But, sir, the idea, the commencement, the con-
tinuation, and the consummation of the great idea
upon which rests republican and constitutional
government, is the protection of minorities. When
the honorable Senator from Georgia says to-night
that minorities cannot defeat and shall not defeat
the operation of Government, he utters a senti-
ment, which, pushed to its extremity, would
overturn and trample underfoot all constitutional
government. Sir, what are your rules here for ?
For the protection of minorities. Why does the
President of the Senate, why does any gentleman
sitting in his chair, day after day, and every day,
state a proposition and say that it requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate ? Simply be-
cause the wisdom of our fathers has provided in
the Constitution, and in our rules, constant and
continually recurring provisions for the protec-
tion of the rights of the minorities. And, sir, if
we may look into the policy which dictated, and
the wisdom which formed, the constitution of the
State of Indiana, we may see that with a conserv-
ative spirit they were careful to preserve in their
Senate a check upon the popular impulse, which
was to be preserved, and was to make the ma-
chinery of government move on more harmoni-
ously, more equitably, and more justly, carrying
out the great idea of the popular will, and at the
same time securing the individual rights of mi- j
norities; and therefore they have made their Sen- 1
ate a perpetual body elected for four years, half, ;
going out alternately every two years, liecause j
a majority of that body thus constituted for the Ij
express purpose of checking and controlling the p
popular branch, have, in the discharge of their 1
constitutional duties, seen fit to exercise the pre-
rogative which the constitution has devolved upon
them, are they to be denounced upon this floor
and in this Hall as perjured traitors and faction-
ists, who are fighting against the very govern-
ment which protects them, the very constitution
which creates them, the very State which shields
them? No, sir; 1 do not so read it. I believe
that when the Constitution of the United States
says Senators shall be elected by the Legislature,
it means that they shall be elected by a body, a
political body known to the laws, known to the
Constitution, recognized in the common sense of 1
mankind, not as a congregation of individuals,
but as a political entity created by the constitu-j
twin, and recognized as such. j
The Senator from Georgia asked, if this power i
is conferred upon the two branches of the Legis- j
hiture, may they yield it, or give it up> No, sir, j
not at all; they may not. It is not competent for :
the House of Representatives, or for the Senate, to <
yield up one jot, one iota, of the powei which has i
been conferred upon them; but they may prescribe j
the form and manner in which that power shall ;
be exercised. Let me illustrate this. Por certain i
purposes in the constitution of my own State, the *
two Houses are required to meet in convention. !
If the people should fail to choose a Governor by !
a majority of all the votes, although one candidate I
might have a very large plurality," the constitution !
devolves upon the Legislature the duty of meeting
m joint convention, and counting the votes, and j
making a choice. I concede that when the three '
hundred menibeis of the popular branch and the j
twelve members of the Senate assemble, they are \\
merged; they are no longer separate bodies; they \[
f re a convention, and if every one of the twelve i|
Senators should walk out; if not one of them ji
should be personally present, yet within the pur- !l
view of the constitution, and within the meaning :|
of us provisions, they would every one of them m
be present; and our journals never ask in the elec- \ \
tions whether any particular Senator voted or did ij
not vote. When they have come into the con- j
vention they are merged; they are no longer Sen- j!
ators; they arc members of the convention, and !i
if, individually, the whole twelve should go out, jj
that would not effect the legal constitutional or- ij
ganisouon of the body any more than if twelve I1
Representatives should go out. They are con-
stitutionally present, although, in fact, they may
personally be absent. It was upon that ground
that I based the election of the Senator from Iowa,
because the Senate of Iowa, having gone into the
convention; having consented to its organization,
were, within the meaning and purview of the con-
stitution, present; and the vote was just as good,
whether they were absent or present, if a major-
ity of the whole number were there. But, sir, as
I understand the history of this election in Indi-
ana, the Senate of that State never consented, and
I believe it is conceded that they never consented;
but it is contended that their consent was not
necessary; that all that was to be done was to
notify them that they might „come if they saw fit,
and if they did not come, it was their own fault.
It is admitted, as I understand now—though it
seems to me that this case takes a different giound
and rests on different positions from those on
which it was first presented—that prior to the
meeting of the so-called convention, for the pur-
pose of counting the votes for Governor, the whole
Senate was legally qualified by the officer consti-
tutionally empowered so to do, to wit: the Lieu-
tenant Governor. A different question, as I un-
derstand, was raised at the commencement of this
controversy, and it was then contended that three
out of the fifty were not legally members of the
Senate; and tfiat twenty-four having concurred in
this election, they were a majority of the Senate.
That point seems now to be abandoned, and it is
admitted that all the fifty members of the Senate
were qualified by the officer constitutionally au-
thorized to do it, and that being thus qualified,
there was a Semite consisting of fifty members. I
lay out of the case altogether the provision of the
Indiana constitution requiring two thirds of each
House to make a quorum; but by those fifty Sen-
ators thus elected, there was neither the form nor
the substance of an assent given to this election.
There was a simple notice issued by the presid-
ing officer that he would do so and so, and when
thuy got there they adjourned, and a minority of
the Senate usurped the place constitutionally be-
longing to the majority.
Sir, you may establish this precedent, and I
suppose when you have done so it will overrule
the precedent that was established here less than
two years ago, by the assent of a very decided
majority of this body. But, sir, if I may be par-
doned the presumption, I appeal to Senators—I
do notappeal to the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, or the honorable Senator from Ohio, for I will
do them the justicc to say, that the position which
they took on the Iowa case fully justifies the posi-
tion which they take now, and if they have noth-
ing else to commend them to my judgment, in this
particular they havoat least that of consistency;
but I appeal to gentlemen who took a different
view; L appeal to gentlemen who recorded their
solemn votes less than two years ago against the
right of the honorable Senator from Iowa to Ins
seat, to see to it that that solemn, recorded judg-
ment of the Senate on the facts presented in that
case, be not overruled by the decision which is to
be made on this occasion. I beseech you, if for
nothing else, to be careful of the reputation of the
Senate. Sir, the great mass of the American peo-
ple are honest; they are not sophists; they are not
casuists; but they are honest, and they will take a
common sense view of this matter; and you can-
not get it out of their heads. They will ask, and
ask, and ask, why is it that less than two years
ago, on a case not so strong as this, a decided
majority of the Senate of the United States voted
that Iowa was not entitled to be represented on
this floor by the Senator of her choice; and that
in a case somewhat similar, but not so strong in
behalf of the sitting members, as was the Iowa
case, they come to directly an opposite conclu-
sion.^ Sir, you cannot hide the fact from the
American people. They will ask the question,
and they will ask it from one end of this country
to the other. They will examine it, and I tell
you, sir, it will be a keener intellect than mine
thatcan ever discover any difference than that the
Senator from Iowa was what the Senator from
Georgia was pleased to term a " Black Republi-
can/' and the othf>r two are black Democrats.
That is the only difference which men, who have
not more astute intellects than I have, can possibly
discover in these two cases, and it will require a
good deal of argument, a good deal of sophistry,
