1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
2949
<t> n ^
a good deal of casuistry, to make the people be-
lieve that there was or is anything else in it.
Mr. President, I must do the subject the justice
to say that i believe, if you will read the history
of the contested elections which have been decided
in this body, from the adoption of the Constitu-
tion down to the present time, you will find that
the proceedings of the Senate of the United States,
sitting in their high capacity of judges, Have been
characterized by a degree of moderation, of can-
dor, and of impartiality in the highest degree cred-
itable to the American Senate and the American
people; but I tell you that, if you lay down the
law in one case for a political opponent in Iowa
different from the manner in which you lay itdown
to your political friends in Indiana, you will do
more to shake the confidence of the American
people in the justice of this great tribunal of the
nation than anything and everything that has ever
occurred in its history.
I am not going to follow the Senator from Geor-
gia over his road of precedents; I am not going to
show what was understood by the term " Legis-
lature," and what has been done in this case and
that. I confine myself to the broad, plain, pal-
pable provisions of the Constitution, and the very
emphatic action which the Senate has taken upon
these provisions in times past. Sir, this is a time
eminently favorable to the decision of this ques-
tion upon high grounds, upon such grounds as
become American Senators, occupying the con-
spicuous" and distinguished position which they
do. Whydolsayso? Because you have an op-
portunity at this time to follow the precedent which
you set m the case of a political opponent, when
it applies to your political friends, when by no
possibility can it affect in the remotest degree
your party supremacy upon this floor. Vacate
these two seats, as m my judgment the plainest
provisions of the Constitution eminently and^ ab-
solutely require; send this matter b.ick to the State
of Indiana, and in all human probability she will
do what the State of Iowa did, send tl^same gen-
tlemen back; but whether she would or not •" "
ings of right under the Constitution, and for any
purpose undertake .to do that which those high
considerations will not justify, we strike a, fatal
blow at the perpetuity of our institutions. Sir,
the Constitution of the United States was estab-
lished, as its framers say, amongst other things,
to maintain and preserve justice—justice to our-
selves, and to our posterity—and, sir, we shall
shake, irreparably shake, the confidence of this
whole people in this high tribunal, if, in the dis-
charge of the highest function which the Consti-
tution has devolved upon us, to wit: the decision
of the right of our own members to seats here,
we depart from the plain teachings, and clear
provisions of that organic law which we have all
sworn to support.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to enter into the discussion of this question,
but simply to state the principles by which, my
vote will be guided; resting the vote upon those
principles without going into an argument. My
vote in this case will be governed by the same
principles that actuated it in the Iowa cose, at the
last Congress. In that case, the two Houses of
the Iowa Legislature had agreed to go into an
election; and, when the final'day to which they
I adjourned arrived, a majority of one House was
there and aminorityof the Senate; but there was
a majority of the whole number of both Houses
present—nota majority of the Senate, but a large
majority of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HA11LAN. The record shows that there
was a majority of the Senate present, as well as
a majority of the other House.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not go into the con-
troversy. I am stating the case as I understood
it. I understood that a minority of the Senate
and a majority of the other House were present;
making a majority of the whole number consti-
tuting the two Houses, although not a majority
of each. 1 held on that occasion, in the speech
which I made against the claim of the sitting mem-
ber, that inasmuch as the Constitution ot the Uni-
ted States required that a Senator should be
to transact business, and if we stay away it is .our
own fault; we are in default by staying.-aways and
yet, if our absence reduces the body to-less than ,
a quorum, its power to act ceases except: to com-
pel the attendance of absent members. I apply
that reasoning to this joint convention for the
election of Senator; although in Iowa they had
agreed to go in, they failed to do it, and there be-
ing only a minority of the Senate present, al-
though those who were absent were absent by
their own fault, yet their absence reducing the
Senate below a quorum deprived them of the
power of acting. If I was right in that reasoning,
as applicable to Iowa, I am right in it as applica-
ble to Indiana. I will not stop to argue the ques-
tion ; I will only say that now my vote is governed
by the identical consideration that, controlled it
then, and I will allow my vote to stand on the
record then made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. After consultation with a
few persons who take some interest in this dis-
cussion, I wish to suggest to the Senate that we
agree to take the vote to-morrow at twelve o'clock
without debate. If that be the common under-
standing, those Senators who desire to vote upon
it can all be in their places at that time; and then
let whatever debate there is to be go on to-night.
[" Agreed !"] The Senator from South Carolina,
I think, has consulted some of the parties, and
will second the proposition I have made.
Mr. HAMMOND. I believe that proposition
will be agreeable to all parties, and carried out in
good faith, that to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
without debate, the vote shall be taken. At the
same time, in response to the Senator from Illi-
nois, I will say a single word. A majority of the
Senate was present at the first meeting of the
joint convention in Indiana.
! Mr. DOUGLAS. That is very true; and so it
1 was in the Iowa case. A majoiity was present at
| the first meeting, but not at'the time of the elec-
S tion. Hence the two cases are exactly parallel on
the point that controls my vote.
\ Mr. HUNTER. I ask °eneral consent to make
["Agreed!"] 1 see that
nnttht to he foreign to the consider- II elected by the'Legislature, and masmneh as the a conference report. . „ . „ .
  —„„ ...nil,In he,- „nrm constitution of Iowa required the Legislature to I; the Clerk of the other House is waiting. I will
• 1 - - 1 1 1 '— messii^e is dcliveri'd.
ation which any gentleman will bring to bear upon
the decision of the point before the Senate. Here
is an opportunity to be just, not to say magnan-
imous, for 1 ask nothing from magnanimity. I
simply ask for justice; justice in the name of the
Constitution, and in the name of the people whose
rights we are ail sworn to protect. In behalf of
the people of Indiana—and we are all of us Sen-
ator's of Indiana, because we are Senators of the
United States—in behalf of that people, whose
rights we arc bound to protect, 1 ask tnat these
seats may be vacated.
It has been said by the Senator from Georgia,
that nobody is lieie asking their dismissal; that
In""
be composed of two bodies, theie must be a ma-
jority of each body present m order to constitute
such a Legislature as could elect a Senator; and
in Iowa, there not being a majority ot each body
present, it was not a Legislature authorized to
elect a Senator. I will read a paragraph from
my remarks on that occasion:
" I have shown, bv the language or the constitution of
Iowa, that its Le^iblalure constats of two branches—a Sen-
ate and a House ot Representative*-—and that a majoiity of
each constitutes a quorum, and that ifo less number than a
maiontv ot each can pi-rloun anj othei ilutj tiun that ot
compelling the attei.dance of absent member-,. Now let
■„f. iidic w:t - the Senator from low.) elected By a
I deny it, I deny it absolutely and totally. Indi-
ana is not here, and she cannot come here, except
through her forms, and in the manner prescribed
by the Constitution of the United States. I he
State of Indiana is here by the Constitution of
the United States, every man of the State is here
appealing to every Senator, and asking him by
(very consideration which can address itself to
his mind as a Senator of this great nation, to
guard and protect the rights of each and every
State, and of each and every individual in the re-
spective States. I: is unjust to Indiana to say or
to suggest that she is here asking anything else
but what the Constitution gives her. If these
gentlemen are not here under the Constitution,
does Indiana want them? Nay, sir, do tliey
themselves want to occupy these seats, if they
COll^tlf    - r , -  T
eon&Mutions of tlie other Slater ofihi< Union."
I shall not stop to discuss the quostioiMvhether
I was light or wrong then. My be!
thorough exammati
at that time, was, to
t I
cannot occupy them in pursuance of the provis-
ions of the Constitution which they, and you,
and 1 have swoui to protect? _
1 may be mistaken, 1 may over-estimate the
importance of the consequence attached to the de-
cision of this question; but, sir, t am not one ot
those who believe that the liberties and privileges
of this country are to be pieservcd by any mirac-
ulous interposition of Dnme Piovidence. 1 be-
lieve there will be meted out to us wnat has been
meted out to the nations that have gone betore us;
and that if, in the hour of mauness or of party
power we shut om eyes to the clear teachings of
the Constitution,and turn a deal ear to the pleat--
' was right, and I have seen nothing since to change .
my convictions. Applying these principles to :
- tins case in Indiana, 1 find that there was a ma- h
jority of the House of JUpresentatives and a mi- ;
; nority of the Senate of the State present, making |i
I a majority of the whole number constituting the |
two Houses, but not a majority ot each House. ^
In this respect the Iowa case and the Indiana case i ■
are identical, and the objection which compelled
i me to vote against the Iowa Senatoi, to w:t: there 1
not being a majority of each I-Iouso present, (X- <;
ists in full force in fhe Indiana case, alia hence 1 |
am compelled to vote against the admission of tne |;
sitting Senators on the same ground. Co tnat
point the cases are identical, but there is aeiiiei- ;
ence between them m other respects._ In iowa ;
the two Houses had ameed to go into the election !
1 on the day when it was effected, but they did not
1 do it ill Indiana. The Senate of Indiana never i
■' agi'eed to go into the election, and did not do it
It was argued teat, inasmuch as both branches ot
' the Iowa Legislature had agreed to go into Lie j
■ election on that day. it was tile fault of those who (
staid out that they did not go. My answer to
that was, tnat, under the Constitution ot tile t in- ■
ted States, we aie requited to come here eac.i day .
defer it until his
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House oi Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 200).
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the dt-asieennj vote? of
the two Ilouso on the bill (II. 11. No. 200) making appto-
prumond i'oi f-umhy cpm! expenses, of the Government tor
iho year cnduJii tiio 3'Jth oi June. having met, aitoi
lull ami free eonfetenee have agreed to iccommeiui, and
do recommend, to the ioneeuve Houses, as follows :
That tin; iipiccf-iic'lioiii the following amendment*:
j'uif'i, fiitociit!), tlmtieth, thirty^evenih, thuty-
er'Sith. fittv -!\;h, fifiv eighth, hiiy-ninfh, awl sixtieth.
1'hat flic II.ol Kepi^-entauvet- ircedr- from th<ni di?-
an ot mt-nt to, find coneui in, the fallowing amendments of
the Senate: {ninth, fifth, f-eventh, eighth, eleventh, ame-
tf-nth, twentv-iir-t. twenty-second, hvcnty-third, thirty-
lonrth, tlitii>-minit, lurtieth, foity  e<. oud, ioity fifth, jotty-
Hut} sevcniii. finy- econd, fifty-Iourth, and sixty-
t'lKli.
Tli.it the Hoi^eof llepiesentatives recede fioin their di&-
a<r,U;|lU;nt to the fu.-t amendment of the senate, and agree
to the same, with an amendment, as follow?.: strike out
ail of the raid ame-idment alter the woid "that.''in line
oi'o, and ui^-eit these woiils: £vThe Sceretatj oftheTreas-
ui v may make such allowances to the officers and men of
thi. -Vimv and Xavv while cn-jasfed on eoa^t survey service
i'oi mih-moin'p. in addition to their ecmpematiun, he
i;>:u dv'cm m ce-^aiy, not ovcoedjng the -urn authorized by
ti, '"Tu\Mirv i^nlanoti of the 11th ot Ma}, 1854."
That iue Senate agree to the amendnientot the House of
Renre-L'titalives to their second amendment.
•Vh u ti'o Senate aaiee to the am 'niimont of the House
"T^pu^r'itaiive* to th  ir twelfth amendment, with an
a- follows: J a the tonrth line ofs?aid amend-
out the word '• painting'' and ini-e>f •* pamt-
lu„ ,,t the end ot the amendment, u^eit a< follows:
- but tin.- piovi-ion -hail not he eon-imed a*to apply totho
execution ofthe heieioforemade and aeceptediioni
Crawford and Koyei> " ,
Th it the Ilou-e ot representative* recede fiom theirdis-
•H/H'.'inent to th* seventeenth amendment of the Senate,
rnd ^nee to the t-ame, with an amendment. lollows : In
tin- fouith hue of taid amendment, strike out the woid
" three'" and niseit. m lieu theieot, the woid twov"
That the House of Repiesentatsvo rec< d«- Mom thoir Ui*-
a 'ic'" mt;;it to th<> eighteenth amendment of the Jennie, and
ItStce to the -ame wnh an amendnn-n!, a- toil-mv
jouith line or '-'nd am 'ndnn'nf. Moke outlln* v.oru *
id-*tv.o
amendment
mem. .-miv.e
In tne
three"
and insciij m
