1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wU
Then population is one of the just grounds of re-
jection. Suppose the people of Vtaf apply for ad-
mission: is Congress obliged to receive them? I
think not; and I say this not from their peculiar
faith, but from their government being a spiritual
despotistn, which I think unfits them for the proper
administration of the republican form of govern-
ment.
So much on the principles of constitutional law
applicable to the admission of new States. I pro-
pose now to make a practical application of these
"principles to the case of Kansas.
1. Kansas is not a State out of the Union, but
a Territory, applying for admission as a State,
which may be so admitted by the waiver on the
part of Congress of all irregularities, or which
may be treated as a Territory by Congress.
2. The population of Kansas being grossly in-
adequate, in reference to the standard of represent-
ation, not being over thirty-five thousand, when
it should be ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty, Kansas cannot claim admission as a
right, though Congress might waive the objection.
3. The Lecompton convention, in violation of
every consideration of right and usage, laid claim,
by the ordinance attached to their constitution, to
$29,000,000 worth of the public land in Kansas,
when, according to the liberal grants hcretoioio
made by Congress to the new States, they wore
only entitled to ^4,000,000 worth. If this claim
had been made by a Free-Sod convention in Kan-
sas, every fair mind at the South would have re-
volted at it as a stupendous enormity. Does the
fact that the convention making it called itself
pro-slavery, and was presided over by Calhoun,
instead of by Lane, render it less objectionable ?
I think not. If the public domain in the Terri-
tories is to be suriendered, I should, instead of
surrendering it to' the unjust demands of an in-
choate State, infinitely prefer to give it to the sur-
vivors of the brave men who, in the wars of the
Republic, have defended her rights upon the field
of battle. This action of the Lecompton conven-
tion has always been utterly repugnant to my
sense of what was expedient and just.
Holding these views, I felt no difficulty in ac-
ceding to the bill recommended by the committee
of conference.
i was willing to waive all irregularities and ad-
mit Kans<ns into the Union, on the condition pre-
cedent that the people of Kansas agree to the cus-
tomary and reasonable propositions submitted to
them by Congress m regard to the public lands.
If Kansas were a State outside of the Union, I
would not consider it consistent with the princi-
ples of States rights for Congress thus to appeal
to a vote of the people. We could then only refer
this question to a convention; but Kansas still
being a Territory, we might refer this question to
the people.
Thib is not the fiist time that Congress has pro-
scribed conditions upon the admission of new
States. It'has been done repeatedly. Iowa was
admitted into the Union on the express condition
that she should not interfere with the primary
disposal of the public lands, nor levy any tax on
them whilst remaining the property of the United
States. In the cose of Iowa, the propositions ot
Congress in reference to the public lands were re-
quired to be assented to by the people, in their
township elections, or by the Legislature m vir-
tue of the power conferred by the constitutional
convention. In the case of Michigan, the assent
of Congress was given on the condition precedent
that she should, by a convention, agree to cer-
tain boundaries. In the case of California, her
admission was coupled with the express condi-
tion that the people of said State, through their
Legislature or otherwise, should never interfere
with the primary disposal of the public lands,
and should do no act whereby the title of the Uni-
ted States to, and right to dispose of, the same
should be impaired or questioned. It is worthy
of remark, m this connection, that since the State
of California has been admitted, the supreme court
of that State, m the case of Hicks vs. Soli, (3 Cal-
ifornia Reports, 219, 227,) have decided that the
mines of gold and silver on the public lands are
as much the property of the State of California,
by virtue of her sovereignty, as arc similar mines
on the lands of private citizens. The court in
this case say:
" Tn reference to the ownership of the public lands, the
United only occupied the position ol ai.y pnvate pro-
prietor, with the exception of mi express exemption fVom
State taxation, 'ptie mines of «:old and silver on the public
lauds arc as much the piopcity ot'lius State, by virtue ofiier
sovereignty, as are silvormmos on the lands of private citi-
zens. She has, therelo/e, solely the riiiht toauthoiize them
to be woikcd, to pass laws lor tlieir regulation, to license
miners, ami to citfik such teims and conditions as &he may
deem proper to the freedom of their use."
This decision deprives the General Government
of almost all valuable interest in the public lands
of California, and shows the necessity of a precise
understanding of the rights of the Federal Gov-
ernment in the public lands within the limits of a
State applying for admission, and the propriety of
such understanding being assented to by the new
Stole as a condition precedent to her admission.
The neglect of this proper precaution 1ms opened
a wide field for contioversy between the State of
California and the Federal'Govemmcnt, in which
the Federal Government is destined necessarily to
be worsted.
Alabama was admitted into the Union on the
condition of receiving only a certain portion of the
public lands, not taxing the residue, and that the
navigable waters in the State should always remain
public highways, free to the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, without tax or toll.
The State of Arkansas was <f admitted into the
Union, on the express condition" that the people
of said State should never interfere with the pri-
mary disposal of the public lands, nor levy a tax
on the public lands.
The State of Florida was admitted into the Union
u on the express condition" that she should not
interfere with the primary disposal of the public
lands, nor levy any tax on the public lands.
The State of Illinois was admitted also on con-
dition of not taxing the public lands until five years
after they were sold.
Indiana was also admitted on certain conditions
in reference to the public lands, one of which was
non-taxation of them for five years after they weie
sold by the United States.
Louisiana was admitted on certain conditions,
among others that the Mississippi, and the navi-
gable rivers and waters loading into the same,and
the Gulf of Mexico, should be common highways,
and free from taxes or tolls. ,
Mississippi was admitted on condition of rclin- j
quishing all claim to the public lands, exempting j
them from taxation, and that the navigable rivers
should be public highways.
Missouri was admitted on condition of non-
interference with the primary disposal of the soil,
and non-taxation of the public lands, and non-
residents not to be taxed higher than residents.
Ohio was admitted on condition of non-taxation
of the public lands until after five years from their
sale by the General Government.
Texas was admitted on several conditions: the
right of the United States to adjust all disputes
about boundaries with other Governments; ces-
sion of the public wTorks; retention of the lands
by Texas; non-liability of the United States for
the debts of Texas; the right to form four new
States, with or without slavery as to those lying
south ofICO 30*.
Wisconsin was admitted on condition that the
State should not interfere with the primary dis-
posal of the public land, nor tax the same, nor
tax non-residents higher than residents.
The practice of admitting States with conditions
has been pursued for a long period, as we have
seen by reference to all the States admitted, from
Louisiana down to the present time. Usually the
conditions have been piescribed in the enabling
acts, sometimes in the act of admission, asannit
of the terms of admission. In the case of Mich-
igan they are expressly put as conditions pre-
cedent to admission. There :s no difference, in
principle, between prescribing in advance the con-
ditions on which a State maybe admitted,or ad-
mitting on conditionsaftciwaidn to be performed,
or making the conditions precedent to the act of
admission; whichever is tho most efficacious may
ho resorted to. The condition precedent is most
likely to leave less ground for full!re controversy,
and is therefore the best.
I considered that this bill oilered the best at-
tainable solution of the question, so far as the
South is concerned. If Kansas accept the prop-
ositions we have made in reference to the public
land, then she is admitted, and we have carried
our point—a barren victory; except the moral tri-
umph of admitting a slave State north ot 36° 30'.
If she does not accept the proposition, then she
remains out of the Union until she has ninety-
three thousand four Hundred and t'weritjrpopula-
tion. I consider it a matter of groat rmportan'cb;
so far as the South is copcernod, besides beirig1
right in itself, that Territories should not be itd-
mitted as Slates until they have sufficient popula-
tion; because idl of the Territories, unless, possi-
bly, it may be the Territory west of Arkansas,
will be free Territories. And if we begin the sys-
tem of playing off half-settled Territories as States,
the North has the game in her own hands; for she
has Daeotah, Nebraska, Utah, New Mexico,
Washington, Oregon, and futuie subdivisions of
these. She has her hands full of these cards,
while we have, at best, but one. I have thus
expressed my views upon this question, which I
would have done at.an earlier hour if 1 could have
gotten the door.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, Mr. Chairman,
there is nothing here in this bill but appropria-
tions based uponestimates from the Treasury De-
partment, which, it is known, have reduced the
expenditures, so far as they could, to the mini-
mum point, in consequence of the financial condi-
tion of the country. The expenditures have been
reduced to the lowest possible amount that was
required to carry on the Government under the
law.
This much I say by way of a general remark.
I do not intend to occupy the hour to which lam
entitled under the rule. 1 propose to occupy only
ten or fifteen minutes. The hour under the rules
is allotted for the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to reply to attacks upon items
of the bill. So far as the defense of this'bill is con-
cerned, I have only to defend itfrom two attacks,
and those upon appropriations in the bill in com-
pliance with existing law. While I should concur
most heartily in any proper measure of reform, I
do ask the committee deliberately to consider
what they arc about, and tho responsibility which
they will assume if they undertake, directly in
violation of law, to cut down the appropriations.
I will say to the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. McQueen,] that while I believe the object
he desires to attain is a desirable object, lie'can-
not reach it in this way.
Mr. Mc&CJEEN. I ask the gentleman if a re-
duction of the appropiiation. would not virtually
repeal the law for all practical purposes?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That is just the
difficulty I wish to draw the gentleman's attention
to. J t does not do that thing I am anxious that
the committee should, at least, act intelligently
upon this subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire tj ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am making a
promiscuous speech, and 1 would rather finish my
remaiks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a suggestion
just at this point, as the gentleman may desire to
reply to it. These clerks were employed under
a simple resolution of this House; not under an
act of Congress, but under a resolve of this body.
If this body should determine by another resolve
not to continue them, of course they would be
disbanded, and that resolve of this body may as
well be arrived at and attained by refusing to
make tho appropriation, as by saying in another
resolution that the former resolution is repealed.
The truth is, that resolution under which they
were employed, does not now exist; it is not now
of force, because it was a mere temporary lesolu-
tion, and these clerks have only been continued
in employment because we have made appropri-
ations' for continuing them. Now, if we refuse
the appropriation we as absolutely repeal the
authority under which they are employed, as if
we weie to pass a resolution saying that they
should be no longer continued.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I thought the gen-
tleman was going to ask me a question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to ask a ques-
tion, but the gentleman said he was speaking pro-
miscuously, and 1 asked my question promiscu-
ously. [A laugh.] The gentleman can gather it
up.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. No, sir, I cannot
gather it up. I was not arguing on the merits
of the appropriations. The only points made
against the appropriations in this bill thus far have
been two motions to reduce appropriations—one
