i426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
provided for by a law of Congress and the other
fey a resolution of this House.
• Now:, I care not whether these appropriations
are reduced or not; but, as I may not'again have
pccasion to refer to it, I do want the committee
either to decide that they intend to bring about
the work of reform by decreasing the appropria-
tion- bills, and thus taking the responsibility of
this mode of legislation, or that they will inaugu-
rate a proper system by the introduction into the
House of bills and resolutions to repeal existing
abuses.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] gave
notice that, at a particular stage of the bill, he
would move to strike out the appropriation for the
purpose of sustaining the bureau of statistics con-
nected with foreign commerce. He announced,
however, after making his speech, that he had at-
tained his purpose in bringing the subject before
the House and the country, and should not make
the motion.^ There is no occasion for me, there-
fore, to mate any remarks upon that subject.
1 wish, however, to call the attention of the com-
mittee to this appropriation for land-map clerks.
The House of Representatives, in 1848, passed a
, resolution providing that the Clerk of the House
should employ clerks—there was no limitation as
to the number—to perform certain work connected
with the Committee on Public Lands of this House.
Appropriations for that purpose have been made
every year from that time down to the present.
This system is in accordancc with the estimate
of the Clerk, based on the recommendation of the
Committee on Public Lands. The majority of the
committee, 1 understand, are prepared to report
that five clerks are sufficient instead of "nine, and
it was upon that basis that the Clerk sent his
estimate to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish it to be distinctly
understood that I have nothing to say on the sub-
ject of abolishing this whole force; but I say again
to the gentleman from South Carolina, that if it is
attempted to be done in this indirect way the ef-
fect will be this: the resolution uiider which these
clerks are employed will still stand,and tile Clerk
of the House will either have to take the responsi-
bility of disregarding and setting aside an unre-
pealed resolution of this House, and refusing to
have done the work which we have ordered him
to have done,orelse.to continue the work, employ
the clerks, and come here at the end of the next
fiscal year, and claim at our hands payment for
work done under a resolution passed by this
House.
If the gentleman should introduee a bill or res-
olution into the House to repeal the resolution
under which these clerks are employed, I should
not have a word to say against it. P,ut this ap-
propriation is based upon that resolution, upon
the report of the Committee on Public Lands, and
the estimate made by the Clerk in the discharge
of his duty.
These remarks are general. I make them not
so much because I wish to retain this particular
appropriation, as because I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentlenmi'i from South Carolina, [Mr.
McGIueen,] and the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] now to this mode of legislation.
We arc within four weeks of the close of the ses-
sion. We have got to pass some twelve or four-
teen appropriation bills. Gentlemen know how
difficult it is to keep a quorum m Committee of
the Whole, and the disposition gentlemen have to
leave their seats when such measures are pend-
ing. If you introduce this mode of legislation,
of reforming the abuses and extravagances of
the Government by reducing the appropriations
rather than by passing bills and resolutions of re-
peal—I say if you introduce this mode of legisla-
tion at this period of the session, there is no tell-
ing what it will lead to.
1 hope, therefore, that the gentleman from South
Carolina will inaugurate a new mode of reform-
ing these things. I believe that the gentleman has
run into extravagance, and I am for reform.
Mr. McQUEEN. Does not the gentleman
know that my colleague made the motion to at-
tach a repeal of the resolution creating this bureau?
Was it not the gentleman that objected, and had
it ruled out of order? If I cannot get the repeal,
I would like to have this stricken out.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I did not object,
though I believed that it was not in order. The
objection was made by another gentleman. I hes-
itated whether. I should objpet or not. I have no
objection to reform. I only object to the mode in
which it is proposed to be accomplished. If we
introduce general legislation into appropriation
bills, where is it going to stop ?
Mr. GARNETT. Really the remarks which
the gentleman is making are interesting to the
House. I will ask him whether it is consistent
with the rules fastened upon us to attempt to re-
form the Government by legislation ? Nobody
can introduce a bill or a resolution looking to re-
form, but if there be an objection, a suspension
of the rule is required, and then only a few days
when that can be done. The consequence is, that
the very moment you strike at any abuse, some
one of the two hundred 'and thirty and odd mem-
bers will rise and object, some one who has some
friend or is in some way interested in the perpetua-
tion of that abuse. Therefore, it is in the power
of a single man—not to stop the wheels of Gov-
ernment, for they always go on—but to stop all
practical effort for reform. For years past, the
consequence has been, and I appeal to the gentle-
man to bear me out, the only reform made in the
public expenditures has been in the appropriation
bills. One of the regulations which determines
whether appropriations shall be transferred from
one Department to another, was passed in an ap-
propriation bill during Mr. Fillmore's administra-
tion when the Democrats had the House,and made
an attack upon expenditures under the opposite
party. If gentlemen will go back, they will find
that for ten or fifteen years past, everything that
has been done in the way of reform, has been
done in the appropriation bills, where it was not
in the power of the minority to prevent action on
the measure proposed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the opinion of
the House of Representatives be, that the rules
should be done away with, in order to commence
a wise system of reform, very well; that can eas-
ily be done.
Mr. GARNETT. How often is it proper to
introduce a resolution ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is. in order on
Monday to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARNETT. Two thirds are required to
do that.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
will hear me for a moment. I know that, for
some years, there was a vicious habit indulged in
here to inseit general legislation into appropria-
tion bills; and, when the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is a little older here in the House, he will
see that, if carried out, his argument would lead
to endless mischief. It is the evil of which I have
complained, and still complain. The gentleman's
argument would bring us again to the evil from
which we are escaping. In years gone by, the
appropriation bills were loaded with general legis-
lation, against the wish of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I will say here, what is due to my
predecessors, that, for the last three, six, or ten
years, the effort has been made, when that com-
mittee has been in the control of the Democratic
party, to reform this system, and to keep out gen-
eral legislation from the appropriation bills.
The evil is this. As the gentleman from Vir-
ginia has remarked, the wheels of Government
must go on. There is a long list of private claims
against the Government. A day is fixed for the
adjournment. The day approaches. There is a
long list of unfortunate private bills winch have
been unacted on. Then there is an earnest and
strong effort to get business through by crowding
all these measures upon the appropriation bills.
It is well understood throughout the country. It
is said, " get your claim upon the appropriation
bill, and it will go through." I know that the
effort of the Committee of Ways and Means has
been for years to prevent any propositions not
germane from being attached to the appropriation
bills. They have nearly succeeded in having
clean appropriation bills passed. I only follow
the path marked out by the experience of my
predecessors. They have succeeded in having
almost generally adopted that nothing shall go
into an appropriation bill unless that which is in
accordance with existing law. The Executive.
Departments find by the laws upon the statute-
book that they are required to do certain things.
They cannot disregard the law. Suppose one of
the Departments is enjoined to employ certain
officers. The Department cannot refuse to com-
ply. To enable it to execute the law, it sends an
estimate for an appropriation to be passed by Con-
gress. .This is what the Department has done
here; and yet gentlemen talk about reform. There
is the law which demands that a certain thing shall
be done, and the appropriation here is to enable .
the Department to execute the law.
Now the gentleman has suggested a remedy,
and I wish to draw the attention of the committee
to that subject; for I have no interest in this thing
except to carry out the very object the gentleman
from Virginia and the gentleman from North Car-
olina have in view. If you introduce this system
of amending appropriation bills whenever this
committee, by a majority, wish to pay the re-
porters—a thing which some gentlemen object to
—-or wish anything else, you will find that a ma-
jority of the Committee of the Whole will put into
the appropriation bills, over the head of the.chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
over the head of the chairman of the Committee
of the Whole, appropriations for measures which
the gentleman and myself would both condemn.
The only safe course is to adhere to the law. Re-
forms must begin at home; reforms must begin
with your own body; and if that body tends to
corrupt legislation, begin with it. Do not set your
own laws at defiance. Do not allow laws to re-
main upon your statute-books, and then refuse to
pay the money required by them. Gentlemen
might, upon the same principle, refuse to appro-
priate money to pay the salaries of the President
of the United States and the Cabinet officers. The
only safety is in adhering to- the law, and when
you want to reform, reform in the right way—
repeal the law. But if you cannot repeal the law,
submit to it as long as it is in force.
I stated that I would not occupy more than ten
minutes; I merely rose to make these general re-
marks, and J certainly have the right to appeal to
members, particularly on this side of the House,
if they want to adjourn on the first Monday of
June, to go to work and pass the appropriation
bills; 1 trust gentlemen will not encourage the sys-
tem of effecting reforms directly in the teeth of
the law, by simply refusing to make appropria-
tions to carry them out. As this debt exists, and
the work is ordered to be performed, if you re-
fuse payment, you put the executive officers in
the position of either bidding defiance to the law,
or of having the work done, and then coming here
next year asking for money in a deficiency bill to
pay for it. There is no economy in reducing the
bill now, if you have to place it next year'in a
deficiency bill. I will concur with the gentleman
from Virginia, as 1 will with the gentlemen from
Alabama and South Carolina, in any measure of
reform they will propose which I think will sub-
serve the public good.
The gentleman from Alabama has said that if
you l-efase to appropriate the money now, it will
be a virtual repeal. Docs the gentleman mean
to say that the Clerk of this House shall refuse
to obey the law? There is a resolution of this
House enjoining upon the Clerk the performance
of certain duties. The Commi ttee on Public Lands
have said they want five clerks, instead of nine,
to perform that duty. If the House refuses to
appropriate the money, do I understand the gen-
tleman from Alabama to say that it is rendered
any less the duty of the Clerk to see that this
duty is performed, the law still remaining upon
the statute-book?
Mr. HOUSTON. Most certainly I say so; and
I suppose every other gentleman of the commit-
tee will say so. 1 suppose my friend from Penn-
sylvania will be of the same opinion when he re-
flects further upon the subject. This not being
a law, is simply kept alive by the appropriations.
There is no law which requires this appropria-
tion, or the employment of these clerks. They
were employed some years ago by a resolution
of this body, and, as a matter of course, it exists
only for the time being. It does not continue be-
yond the session at which it was adopted; and
that resolution, as such, is now of no more force
than if you had passed forty resolutions rescind-
ing or abrogating it. A resolution was the incep-
tion of the practice, and the practice has been kept
up by making annualappropriations. Hence the
whole thing rests upon the appropriations. There
is now no law or resolution which is in force.
A word upon another point. Every gentleman
in this House, and especially those who for any
