2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the twentieth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows : at the
end of said amendment insert as follows:
Provided, That no part of the sums herein appropriated j
for the completion of custom liou&es and marine hospitals, ;
excepting those tor Charleston and New Orleans, thall be !
expended until the Secretary of the Trea&uiy shall be sat- i
isfied that the &unu respectively appropriated will complete
the buildings for which they are intended, and until ar-
rangements shall be made to carry this act into effect.
-That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to their twenty-eighth amendment.
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows : after
the word "items," in the third line of said amendment,
strike out the words, five thousand five," and insert, in
lieu thereof, the words, "and paying fees of witnesses be-
fore the committees of the Senate, seven thousand seven."
That the House of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the forty first amendment of the Senate,
and that the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
of Representatives as an additional amendment, with an
amendment as follows : after the word '* that," in the sixth
line ol said amendment, strike out the words, " they :«hall
receive no lees or commissions," and insert in lieu thereof
the words, " their compensation, including fees, shall not
exceed $3,000 each, per annum."
That the House-ot Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the forty third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows: after
the word "and,"in the eighth line of said amendment,
strike out the words, "such sum as maybe necessary,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words, " $3,200."
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to their forty-foui ill amendment, with
an amendment as follows: strike out the whole of the
amendment of the House of Repiesentatives, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
" That no part of the appropriations which may be at any
time made for the comirigcnt expenses of either floi^e of
Congress, shall be applied to any other than the oidmary '
expenditures of the Senate and House of Representatives, j
nor as extra allowance to any clerk, messenger, oi attend- 1
ant of the said two Houses, or either of thetn, nor as pay- ;
ment or compensation to any clerk, messenger, or other
attendant ol the s-aid two Houses, or either of them, unless
such clerk, messenger, or other attendant, be so employed
by a resolution of one of said Houses."
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to then fluty eighth amendment
That the Uou^e of Representatives recede ftom their dis-
agreement to the fifty fifth amendment of the Somite, and
agice to the same with an amendment, as follows: After
the words'-United States," in the lourih line of said amend-
ment, insert the words " for expenses and di&bur-ement-."
That the Senate agiee to the amendment oi the House of
Representatives to their sixty-^ccomi amendment.
R. M. T. HUNTER,
william BIGLER,
w. r. fejssendbn,
Managers on ike part. of the Senate.
JOHN S. PHELPS,
HE.Vfiy M. PfffLLfPS.
WILLIAM A. FIOWAKD,
Managers on the puit of the, Home
Mr. BROWN. I hope, before v/e concur in the
report of* the committee, we shall, at least, be al-
lowed the privilege of having; these amendments
explained to us, and that we shall take them up
Mriolim.anil understand what thoynie. Nineteen
twentieths of all your vicious legislation comes
in, in just this way. Here you agree to some
things, and disagree to others, upon numbers.
You agree to amendments which, under ordinary
circumstances, nobody would dream of sanction-
ing, and you are askedto take U all on trust—not.
the trust which you give to regular committees of
the Senate and House of Representatives, but a
committee of conference, who have had three or
four hours, not three or four weeks or months—
as long as they might choose—to determine what
ought ro be done, but they have been silting in a
committee room during (he sessions of the Sen-
ate, when their minds were necessarily distracted
with other matters, considering this bill, and im-
portant mattcis of legislation are thus overturned
in a moment. You bring in the whole bulk of it
here, which nobod;- understands, except the gen-
tlemen who are on these committees, and we are
asked to concur in the whole of it at once. I pro-
teatagainstit. 1 protest that I have the right, as a
Senator, to know what this report meaiw Upon
two or thre'e points of it, and only two or three in
which I am interested, I have got an inkling of
what it does mean. One item of it is this: I do not
know what the number of it is; I could notiindit
now, without looking over the whole record, an
amendment introduced by myself, and passed
through the Senate without objection; no living
man could make an objection to it, to appropriate
$400 to paint the iron and woodwork about a
bndgc m the District.
Mr. HUNTER, i will say that is in the re-
port.
Mr. BROWN. I understood otherwise.
Mr. HUNTER. It is saved.
Mr. BROWN. "What became of the court-
house amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. That was not concurred in
because a great many appropriations are made for
the District, and the other House was opposed
to it, and the chairman of the District Committee
in the House said it could be well postponed
until the next session.
Mr. BROWN. That is not my impression.. A
great many appropriations for the District! What
are they? If this $400 is saved, we have that and
$740 for the jail; and that is all that is saved
which was asked on the part of the Senate Dis-
trict Committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is §3,000 for Penn-
sylvania avenue.
Mr. BROWN. That was not asked by the
committee; it was never before the committee;
they had nothing to do with it. We did ask,
however, an appropriation for a court-house for
the accommodation of the criminal court. I can-
not consent to concur in the report.
Mr. HUNTER. I can inform the Senator in
regard to any of his amendments on which he
desires information. Wc have saved more than
he thinks; we have saved his legislation in*regard
to streets.
Mr. BROWN. We have none.
Mr. HLJN T£R. Yes; there are two long sec-
tions.
Mr. BROWN. We did not get a single appro-
priation for a street anywhere.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose this report and
all the amendments will appear m the morning
papeis, so that we may understand them. Let
us postpone them until to-morrow morning, and
go on with the election case.
Mr. HUNTER. They would only appear in
numbers, if at all; and if we want to adjourn on
Monday, we should act on this report to-night.
Gentlemen, if they are willing to continue the
session, can lay it over. :
Mr. TRUMBULL. The papers will explain.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think not The amend-
ments can now be read, if that be insisted upon.
Several Senators. Read them.
Mr. RllOWN. I simply want to say this: I
have been here now a long time,and I have voted
in the dark about as often as I choose to do it. [
want to understand what I am doing; and as we
ate paid by the year, i know of no pressing ne-
cessity for closing the session on Monday. I
would rather continue to sit until July, or August,
or even December, than be compelled to vote for
things that I know nothing about. I do not un-
derstand this ioport. Here you are told that
amendment number fifteen is agreed to with an
amendment—certain words put in. What does
that mean ? Then, amendments ten and twenty,
and something else,are agreed to with something
else to them. I protest against being called upon
to vote for things in bulk, after that fashion.
But I was coming to the matter of my District
court-house. When the amendment was intro-
duced here, with the unanimous concuirence, I
think, of the Distiict Committee, but perhaps
i there was a single dissentient, to provide for the
. District courts, I explained the matter, and al-
j though there was a murmur at first all around the
j Senate; on explanation, everybody saw it was
I right, and that it was economy to grant it. You
J have to-night locked up in your jail not less than
, eighty, perhaps one hundred persons committed,
; awaiting trial; Why are they not tried r Because
! you provide no place in which your courts can be ;
i held. Your criminal court cannot sit because it j
j has no house in which to hold its sessions.
] Some Senators talk about requiring the people
| of Washington to provide a court-house. Provide
] it for whom? For the United States. Is this
! great Government to demand that a mere muni-
! cipahty shall provide a house in which its judges
shall sit, and administer justice under its laws ? j
So far as the municipality is concerned, they do '
provide their own court-houses; their own police
magistrates do have their own houses. Butyou
havea jurisdiction of your own; you have judges
of your own; you have courts of your own. Not
only your judge, but your marshal, and all who
have anything to do with it, arc appointed by the
authority of the United States; it is under your
jurisdiction. But for this criminal court, one of i
the most important to the Government, you have
provided no house of accommodation; and you
have one hundred men to-night locked up in your
jail here, fed at the public expense, perhaps one half
of them innocent, kept there for weeks and months
at a time; kept there because the court cannot sit,
wanting a house in which to hold its sessions.
With this explanation the Senate voted the ap-
propriation. The committee of conference has
sacrificed it; given it up, I dare say, without a
struggle. It is all wrong, sir. There are other ap-
propriations in the bill sacrificed in the same man-
ner. The Committee on Finance takes particular
pains to protect all its amendments, and every-
body else's are sacrificed, and given up, surren-
dered, trodden under foot; and you are asked to
sanction it under this general numbering of one,
live, fifteen, twenty-five, and so on. You are
asked to do it without knowing what you are
doing. You never know what is m the appropri-
ation biils until you read them after the President
has approved them, and they become the law of
the land. I protest against it; I want to know
whatis in the bill; what I am votingfor, aftd what
I am voting against. Therefore, I ask that each
of the amendments shall be read in its connection
and context; and that we shall have separate votes
on each proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. The report of the committee
of conference is an entire thing. You cannot di-
vide it; you cannot have separate votes.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest that the chairman
of the committee pass over the amendments rap-
idly, and state what they are. He can do it in a
very few minutes.
Mr. BRODERICIC and others. Let us hear
them read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The amendments will be read.
Mr. HUNTER. All that it is necessary to
read is those amendmentsfrom which the Senate
recede. There are not a great many of them
Those caiube lead. The Senator from Missis-
sippi will mid that he is very much mistaken;
more of his amendments have been saved than
have been lost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments from which the Senate are to recede", accoid-
ing to the report of the conference committee, will
be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Ninth amendment:
For continuation of the filling up of ravine, and grading
ol Judiciary Square, j£7.0iX).
Tenth amendment:
Fur continuing the grading and planting with trees the
unimproved portion of the Mull, ijdUjUOO.
Fifteenth amendment:
For paytrifiuio the Secn-raiy of the Senate of the enms
pud h> him to the repiesentatives of Senator Bell, Under,
and Ru-k, under the lesok.tion of the Senate oi* the iO'n of
M:u<'h, 3853. (inecting the pawnent o( the '-.une. out o:'c.e
continent land of the Senaif, to the iepie >eutativc  of the
said Senator-* lespechvely, $2,589 u4.
Thirtieth amendment:
Foi the extension of the court-house potion of the City
Hall <=0 as to provide necessary and suitably accommoda-
tions for the: -seveial courts of the Disti ict of Columbia m-
cinduiL? luiuiture, heatinrj nppnant-.. inclo-ure, and ether
rifcrqjiary improvements, -53U OOO. Provided, That no go
ligation shaii he incuried. oi contract enteied into, v\ Inch
]ook\ to any increased appropriation by the United Suites
for said puipose.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
For conimnent expenses of the Terntory of Ka^as
$9,003 75, to he distubuted undei the dneetion of the H *c
retary of State, upon the production of &au=>factoiy vouch-
ers.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
For making the surveys of the confirmed private land
claims m California, the surve) or general thereby author-
ized to pay t-uch sum as he may deem rea.-onable, accord-
ing to the cucuoi^tances connected with each case, not ex-
ceeding af the rate of twenty five dollars lor each mile of
the boundary lines of any claim, and aKo foi such line* as
may necessarily be run and marked or mea-uied, in
to eonnoct the lines of such elaun with tho-e of the adja-
cent public suiveys: Pronded, That the surveyor oi sur-
veyors hereafter executing any such suivev of a pnvate
claim, shall accompany his or their return of Vuch smvr-y
with his affidavit that no compensation has been received
by htm. directly or indirectly, or agreed to be paid to or
received by htm for the same, ftom any quarter other
than the Govei nmem of the United States : Provided, That
it shall be the duty of the surveyor general of California to
awaid each contract to execute such surveys to the lowest
responsible bidder, he bein<* a practical surveyor, after rea-
sonable nctu-e, to be published in two new-papers of the
iaigcst cucuiafion in the Snte of California.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Jhi<l be it farther enacted, That when, in the absence of
