840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
very important bill, ami I think it should take the
direction of all other bills. Let it go to the Com-
mittee of tlie Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fenton] offers the following substi-
tute for the bill. *■
Mr CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I-call for
the regular order.
Mr. PHELPS. This bill is not now before tlie
House. If the gentleman proposing the substi-
tute desires to have it printed, I have no objection
to an order being made to print it. But there is
no use in having the time of the House consumed
by its reading.
Mi. FENTON. My object will be accom-
plished in having it printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Savage] asks the unanimous consent
of the House to postpone the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 259 till the first Tuesday
in April, and that the same shall be considered
from day to day in the House until disposed of.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 object.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am willing to accept the
proposition of my colleague, if the day to be fixed
be changed to the third Monday in March. I
therefore ask the unanimous consent of the House
to have this bill made a special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
that day; and that it shall be considered from day
to day till disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall interpose
no objection to its being made a special order in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. *
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I prefer that
this matter should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and take the
regular course.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until the third Monday
m March.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
tion of order, that the bill contains an appropria-
tion and must, under the rule, have Us first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union.
Mr. CRAIGE,of North Carolina. The Speaker
has already decided that question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to
postpone involves the consideration of the bill.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair does not think it
is such a consideration as is contemplated by the
rule. The Chair is of opinion that the bill must
have its first consideration in the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union, unless there
be unanimous consentgiven for its first consider-
ation in the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether he has ever known a bill post-
poned to a day certain, when the question of order
was raised that, containing an appropriation, it
must, under the rules, have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union'
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber having ever heard the question raised be-
fore.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This must be the
effect of the motion to postpone: this bill is post-
poned to some Monday, and then, when itcomes
up, the motion will be made to suspend the rules
in order to get clear of the consideration in the
comra.ttee.
Mr. SAVAGE. That is precisely what I de-
sire. I wish to place the bill beyond the techni-
calities of the rules of the House. 1 only want the
bill to be considered upon its merits.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to my
colleague that, if this bill goes to the Committee
of the" Whole 011 the state of the Union, he can
have it brought into the House on any Monday
if he can get two thirds to suspend the rules for
that purpose, and to have it made the special or-
der.
Mr. SAVAGE. That is what I expect to do
on the third Monday in March. My motion is,
to postpone the further consideration of the ques-
tionfuntil the thud Monday in March.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. From that decision
I take an appeal.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I thought
the Chair had already decided that the bill must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the bill
must have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The bill
cannot be ordered to a third reading until it has
been considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. And that
cuts off all debate at this" time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Must not
the Chair send the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. He does not send it there.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I understood
that to be the Chair's decision.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
commit. There may be other incidental motions
previous to its being sent to the committee. The
Chair will feel himself called 011 to prevent any
violation of the rule which requires that the bill
shall have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. He would,
therefore, restiain the engrossmentand third read-
ing of the bill until it had that consideration, unless
the rule was suspended by unanimous consent, or
on Monday by a vote of two thirds.
Mr. STANTON. If the motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee be voted down, what will be
the next motion in order ? Will it not be on the
engrossment of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It will be on the
motion to recommit. That motion failing, and no
other motion being made, the Chair would send
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of (he Union.
Mr. STANTON. Without a motion ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir, without a motion.
Mr. STANTON. 1 submit, then, whether a
motion to postpone is not such a consideration
as ought to send the bill to the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union ? Itisaprocess
in the consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair does not think it
is the consideration contemplated in the rules. A
motion to postpone does not bring the merits of
the bill before the House. The only debate winch
can be,entertained, would be on the question of
postponement.
Mr. BOCOCIC. The 133d rule is the one under
which I presume the Speaker is acting. It does
not say that bills making appropriations shall be
first considered in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It only says that they shall
be first discussed there. The rule was formerly,
as the notes show, that ail motions made must
be first made in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. That portion of the rule
was stricken out; and the rule says now that all
bills making appropiiations of money shall be
first discussed in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, leaving motions to be made
in the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Savage] moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until the third Monday
111 March. The Chair entertains that motion as
legitimate,and in order. From this decision the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] takes an
appeal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule says that
the bill shall have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Chair says the motion is to postpone the
further consideiation of the bill to a day certain.
If it is postponed to that time, will it not be to
consider the bill ? And if so, then it will not have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The pending question would
be a motion to recommit. That is the question
the House would have to consider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that when
a bill makes an appropriation, it ought, without
motion, to go at" once to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, if the motion to recommit
had not been made, it would have taken that di-
rection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does riot the rule
take it to the Committeeof the Whole 011 the state •
of the Union without a motion ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the bill could not go to its third reading, unless
by unanimous consent, without having been con- .
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule does not
say a word about the third reading of the bill. It
says its first consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman appeals from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the appeal be-
laid on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The appeal was laid upon the table.
The question recurred on the motion to po#t-
pone till the third Monday in March.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bryan and
Buffintom were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 102, noes 30.
So the further consideration of the bill was.
postponed until the third Monday in March next.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying th$
House that that body had passed a bill of the
House of the following title:
An act (No. 81) to amend " An act for the re-
lief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and others."
And that they had passed bills of the following"
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 77) to amend an act entitled
"An act to limit the liability of ship-owners, and
for other purposes," approved March, 1851;
An act (S. No. 82) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be surveyed the tract of land,
in the Territory of Minnesota, belonging to the
half breeds or mixed bloods of the Dahcotah or
Sioux nation of Indians, and for other purposes,"
approved July 17, 1854;
An act (S. No. 71) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize a relocation of land warrants
Nos.3,4,and 5, granted by Congress to General
La Fayette," approved February 26, 1845; and
An act (S. No. 76) to incorporate Gonzaga Col-
lege, in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Accounts.
KENTUCKY RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MASON, by unanimous consent, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ken-
tucky, in regard to granting bounty lands to the
soldiers of the war of the Revolution and the war
of 1812; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
REGULATION OF THE HOUSE OFFICERS.
Mr MASON, from the Committee on Accounts,
reported a bill fixing the number and compensa-
tion of clerks, messengers, pages, and laborers of
the House of Representatives; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. MASON. This is-a bill regulating the
officers of the House of representatives, to which
the Committee on Accounts have given a great
deal of attention; but, instead of making a long
and elaborate report, they have contented them-
selves with simply reporting a bill.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Has this
bill been printed ?
Mr. MASON. It has not.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
wish to be called to act upon such a bill, until it
has been printed. The gentleman can postpone
it and have it printed. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Speaker, it seems that some'
gentlemen want to have this bill printed before it-
is acted on. We had supposed that, as this matter
of regulating the officers of the House was a very
small one, the House might have trusted the Com-
