1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
a secretary of legation at Constantinople, who discbarges
the duty of dragoman, or m like manner, when there is no
dragoman at that mission, the consul, or consul general,
of the United States who shall act as dragoman, shall re-
ceive the compensation now provided bylaw for a drag-
oman, and for such time as he shall act as such.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Jind be it farther enacted, That to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to carry into effect the twenty-fourth section
of the civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855, by paying
the claims on file as oidered for assessment by Messrs.
Eaton and Hubley, and Washington and Mason, commis-
sioners under the Cherokee treaty of 1835, $30,000.
Fifty-ninth amendment;
Jind be it further enacted, That there shall be paid, out
of any money m the Tieasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Charles H. Mason, Secretary of the Territory of
Washington, the difference between the salary of Governor
and superintendent of Indian affairs, and the salary of the
Secretaiv of the Territory of Washington, for the time said
Chailes II. Mason was acting Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs of said Territory.
Sixtieth amendment:
Jind he it further enacted, That the salary of the sur-
veyor general of Washington Territory shall be §3,500 a
year from the commencement of the present fiscal year; and
theie is hereby appropuated so much as may be required
for that purpose.
Mr. STUART. I understand the Secretary-
has now re*d all the amendments from which the
Senate are to recede.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. The House of Rep-
resentatives recede from much more than the
Senate does.
Mr. STUART. As the Senator from Missis-
sippi only called for the reading of the amend-
ments from which we recede, it "is not necessary
to occupy the time of the Senate by reading any
more. The Secretary seems, however, about to
go on and read ail the amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further,
reading of the amendments may be dispensed with \
by unanimous consent. Does any Senator ask }
for their further reading ? \
Mr. BROWN. If the reading of the report of >
the committee was commenced upon my call, I '
am perfectly willing to withdraw it. I am ready ;
to vote against the report at once. So far as I am i
concerned, I cannot vote for it at all. ;
The PRESIDING OFFCER, (Mr. Foster.) 1
The whole of the report has been read. The i
question is upon concurring in the report of the .
committee of conference.
Mr. IVERSON. Let us have the yeas^Ad
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote to concur in the
report of the committee of conference; for of course
we cannot expect that all the action of the Senate
should be acceded to by the House. There is one
amendment that I feel a deep regret has not been
adopted, because I think it a denial of an act of
plain justice. The Senate inadvertently, f think,
passed a lesohuion directing the payment of a
certain amount to the representatives of deceased
Senators who had been in their places and were
Mvorn in aii(^ acted as Senators of the United
States at the last called session of the Senate.
After that resolution was passed, it became very
obvious, on inquiry as to the terms of the former
act, which at one tune were supposed to b«; merely
applied to the ycai, but m fact was a permanent
act, that the order to pay out of the contingent
fund of the Senate was not sanctioned by existing
law; therefore, there was an amendment placed
upon Lhe bill to repay to the Secretary ot the Sen-
ate what, in obedience to our order, he had paid
the representatives of these parties. We leave
ban in that position when this report is adopted,
having paid this amount under our owler, and the
House,refuses to sanction it. 1 do not think the
ground is sufficient to ifject the bill, .because,,
strictly, we have no light to make that order; but
i think it would have been 'out ay act of justice,
on the part of the Houee, after their own action
iu reference to a mere ojft of Pioney to their em-
ployes, to have receded i'lont that anv-mduK-nt
i cannot suffer this repct to pass without tha
it I
comment, though I shall vote for it.
Mr. STUART. I shall vote m Javor of adopt-
ing this report; but I do it only us a matter of ne~
cfssny> not because I agree to the items that are
given. I think there is no cause of complaint
against the committee of conference. I want to
say that, and say it distinctly *, but I do think that
this mode of legislation into winch the Congress
of the country has fallen u of the most censurable
character. It of course rests with ourselves to.
correct it; but in order that it may be corrected, it
must be exposed. I voted to extend this session,
confident that time was necessary in order that
the business of the country might be fairly con-
sidered, and fairly done, until the last proposition.
The last proposition for extension I voted against,
because I thought I foresaw, as has happened,
that we should discuss questions in the most dis-
cursive manner down to the last one or two days
of the session, and that then the appropriation
bills would go into the old mill—conference com-
mittees—and as they came out of conference com-
mittees they must be adopted. I say again that
the fault,does not lie with the conference commit-
tees. They do the best they can under the cir-
cumstances; but we should be under no such ne-
cessity at all. It ought to be understood here,
and ought to be understood in the country, that
there is time enough to consider these bills, and
act upon each distinct proposition in both Houses.
Nor do I agree—I mean to speak with perfect
respect for tne other House on all occasions—in
certain maxims they have laid down at all. Take
the particular case alluded to by the Senator from
Delaware. That is a clear case where payment
ought to be made. The justice and the honor of
the Senate and the country only were appealed to
when we directed the payment. It stood not in
conformity with law, it is true, but this bill will
be a law. You may as well make a law on an
appropriation bill as in any other way. If you
pass it, that is the law. Here is a payment made
in accordance with justice, with honor, in accord-
ance with the gratitude of the country, and it
ought to be made; and for either body to say we
will not do this on an appropriation bill, but we
will do something else, I say is a maxim that, like
all other maxims, ought to have its exceptions.
But here we are again, and here we should be if
we sat here until November: the appropriation
bills would be in the last nights of the session.
There is no necessity for it, I say again. I wish
to speak with the most perfect respect to every-
body, but I state an undeniable fact which ought
to go to the country, that the Congress will not
correct it. There ought to be an overwhelming
public opinion of the country to correct it. These
appropriation bills ought to be considered in due
time, and with due deliberation in respect to every
item; but I say here we are again, as we have been
ever since 1 have been in Congress, and I know
not how h>n<i before, on the last night of the ses-
sion; and we have either to agree to the loss of
the appropriation bill or agree to the report of the
committee of conference, one of the two.
While I think that the objections raised by
the Senator from Mississippi, and the suggestion
made by the Senator from Delaware, are sound,
it is a necessity, and 1 am not willing to vote
agarnst the icport of the committee. I shall vote
to adopt it; but I do hope to live to sec the day
when we shall legislate in accordance with the
judgment of every member of Congress. There
is not a member that does not think this ought to
be done. We spend the whole long months of
the fore part of the session in talking about things
not very consequential, and devote a great deal
too much time to them, and do not come to the
business of the session down to the very last mo-
ments. For my own part, I regret it deeply. I
regret that the appropriation alluded to by the
honorable Senator from Delaware is not-made.
S:r, I not only feel it as a matter of business, but
I feel it as a matter of gratitude. I regret a!so
that the amendment alluded to by my honorable
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] to extend
the rooms for the accommodation of the courts
here has not been agreed to. I have been there
once myself, unfortunately, engaged as counsel
m a cause. There is not a room m that building
that is lit to keep a common school in, that is now
subject to the use of the United States for courts
—not one. It is a crying injustice, not only an
injustice to the people of this District, but injus-
tice to oui officers and to the country, that that
should remain so. That appropriation ought to
have been made, but there is no help for it now.
It is a question, will you lose this bill, or will you
consent to these things? i must say, sir, that I
think our committee, m this instance, has done
unusually well. I think they have done better
tins time"? by a great deal, than for the last four
orfiie years, but they ha\e not done anything
like what the judgment of the Senate^lemanded—
not because they were not inclined to do so, but
because it was not in their power, and therefore
it is that I trouble the Senate at all. I shall vote
for this report most reluctantly, and I do r>ot wish
that my vote should be in any respect misunder-
stood-.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot concur with my friend
from Michigan, that there is any sort of necessity
to compel us to adopt this report. There is none
on earth unless it is the necessity of trying to ad-
journ on Monday; and, as I said before, I would
rather Congress should sit here until the 1st of
July or August or September and do things riglit
than run them over and do them, as Senators ad-
mit they are doing them, wrong. Let the bill be
rejected; introduce a new one; pass it in proper
form, in the right manner; sit here and discharge
your duties as Senators and Representatives for
the pay you get from the national Treasury rather
than give up things that you ought to have. I am
not for adjourning this Congress under any sup-
posed necessity, and leave the public business un-
disposed of. There is no necessity for adjourn-;
ing. There is a necessity for doing the public
business, and doing it right.
Now what does your legislation in reference
to appropriation bills amount to? Whatever the
Committeeon Finance in the Senate, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the House say is
right is done, and the action of all the balance of
your committees is utterly ignored. I call upon
the chairmen and members of other4 committees to
rise to-night in their majesty and fi own this thing
down. Why, sir, so far as your appropriations
are concerned you might just as well send out
seven members of the Senate and nine members
of the House, and tell them to make appropria-
tions, and you give your silent acquiescence, as to
allow this thing to go on. Whatever they choose
to put into the bill is protected: whatever comes
from other committees is trampled underfoot with-
out the slightest regard to the feelings, opinions,
position, or dignity of other committees.
I have stood by and witnessed this long enough;
and I am not willing to see it go on, under a sup-
posed necessity for adjourning. There is no ne-
cessity foi adjourning. The Government pays
you $3,000 a year to sit here, and transact the
public business; and you are inexcusable if you
do not do it, and do it right. Let the bill be lost.
There are one hundred appropriations in that bill,
to-night, ten thousand times less meritorious than
those that have been stricken down. There is the
appropriation for court-rooms, brought in from
my own committee: it is important to the Gov-
ernment on the point of economy; it is important
to the Government in the point of humanity; it
is important to it in every light in which you can
consider it; yet it has not had a moment's atten-
tion in this committee of conference. It was
stricken out without a word. Men, under the
authority of the Government—pqssibly innocent,
vast numbers of them shown to be so when
brought to trial, poor, without the means of giving
bail—are locked up in that miserable concern that
you call the Government jaii, and are kept there
■! for months, because you do not furnish your own
jl judge the means of trying them, so that they can
sliow their innocence, and go free; and when a
:! proposition is brought here to furnish the accom-
11 modations to a judge who is willing to discharge
'| his duty, &o that the thing may be done, it is
Si stricken out in committee, and we are to agree to
!; it upon this miserable plea of a necessity—a
'J necessity that does not exist. You are bound to
' sit here and transact the public business. ^ What
1, Senator can go home lb-night, and lay his head
, i upon his pillow, and sleep as an honest man
|! should sleep, while, by his neglect, poor, miser-
able devils are kept in jail for weeks and months
i J together, because he refuses, by his vote, to pro-
j; vide the means of showing that they are innocent?
il I am unwilling to give my sanction to any such
!' legislation. If the law arrests a man, the law must
i! give lum, under the Constitution, a speedy—yes,
•: sir, a speedy and impartial trial.
j] Does this great Government discharge its duty
ij to those poor unfortunates who are thrown into
j! prison, whose great misfortune is that they are
il poor and unable to bail themselves out, byKeep-
M in* them there for weeks and months together,
'>'■ and refusing them a trial for the simple reason
that you have no house in which the court can sit ?
