1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
length of time have been members of this House,
wiU bear me witness that I have always resisted
improper legislation in appropriation bills. But
gentlemen of the first ability in this land, gen-
tlemen who have occupied the highest positions
in the two Houses of Congress, have contended
with great plausibility and power that when you
appropriate money in an appropriation bill, you
have the right to pass restrictive laws as to-its use
after it is appropriated. You have the right to
accompany the appropriation in an appropriation
bill with such legislation as will make its applica-
tion upon the part of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment faithful and proper. It has not been very
unusual to accompany appropriations with legisla-
tion. A gentleman who occupied the position of the
head of the Committee of Ways and Means with
much ability, and who justly won for himself as
much distinction as any gentleman who*preceded
or has succeeded him—"I refer to General McKay,
of North Carolina—was the author of more
reforms connected with the expenditures of this
Government than any other statesman who ever
lived. And if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will examine the appropriation bills of his day he
will find that almost all of those reforms are con-
tained in appropriation bills.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The resolution
under which these clerks are employed has been
the subject of different constructions, and the ques-
tion is a matter of construction. If it is the pleas-
ure of this committee that the Clerk of this House
shall put upon that resolution the construction
contended for by the gentleman from Alabama, I
have no complaint to make, but I want the com-
mittee to act intelligently upon the subject, and
for that reason I will read the resolution:
"Resolved, That there be prepaied by the piocureraentof
the Clerk fortlie use of this I-iou>e, and the Committee theie-
of on Public Lands, a map of public lands in oacit State,
showing the state of the survey, ami also what has been
sold; and that the same be prepared undei the supervision
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and >a'u\
maps shall he revised and extended after each session of
Congress."
Not for any particular Congress, but that they
should be revised after each session of Congress.
Mr. McaUEEN. By the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I would say that
I doubt that this resolution ever contemplated that
the Clerk of the House should employ one clerk.
It intended merely that the Clerk of the House
should procure maps, &c.—not that he should
appoint clerks, not that he should establish a
bureau, not that he should have the appointment
of one, five, or ten clerks. I doubt very much if
ever he had the right to appoint any clerks. He
should have gone to the Commissioner of Public
Lands and procured the maps.
Mr. J: GLANCY JONES. On this subject I
do not take issue with the gentleman; 1 only wish
to draw the attention of the committee to this
mode of effecting general legislation in appropri-
ation bills. Here is a resolution, which was
adopted by this House; and under that the Clerk,
from that day to this, has employed three, four,
six, or nine clerks, to perform the work, if it is
the understanding of the House that the resolu-
tion was intended to apply to a single session of
Congress, all I have to say is, that, at every ses-
sion of Congress, from that day to this, these
clerks have been estimated for, and paid. The
estimate was sent by the Clerk of the House to
the Committee of Ways and Means,indorsed by
the report of the majority of the Committee on
Public Lands.
Now, Mr. Chairman, that is all I have to say
in regard to this subject. But to return for a mo-
ment to the mode in which this thing is proposed
to be done. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] has said something about the subject
of reform, and I concur with him generally in his
views. I believe that Mr. McKay did as much
as any living man to reform this Government;
and to the extent of my humble abilities I have
tried to followin his footsteps; and I believe that
this Administration has done the same thing. If
this committee would take up the estimates sub-
mitted to the Departments, and see with what in-
dustry the pruning knife has been applied to cut
down the expenditures of the Government from
one end of the country to the other, notwithstand-
ing the cry that many would be brought to ruin
by the general suspension of the business of the
Government, they would be able to have some
appreciation of the earnest desire of the head of
each Department of the Government to bring the
expenditures down to the lowest possible point
consistent with the execution of the laws and the
carrying on of the Government. And the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have gone further,
and have taken the responsibility of cutting down
the estimates.
"When I move to take up the fortification bill to-
morrow the committee will see that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have redweed the appro-
priations from two million to three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars; and I hope that that action
of the Committee of Ways and Means will be
sustained. We have taken the responsibility
whenever we could; but we never deemed our-
selves at liberty to disregard laws or resolutions
when estimates are based upon them.
I believe I have succeeded m making my views
fully understood, and I will not detain the com-
mittee longer.
Mr. CLAY moved that the committee rise.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman with-
draw thatmotion fora moment? Thegentleman
from Pennsylvania has yielded me the floor.
Mr. CLAY. The question is, who has the
floor? I do not know that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has the right to give the floor to
anybody.
The question was taken on Mr Clay's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 201, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to offer the following
resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the r&solutiou,
bccause there is no quorum present. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose I have a right to
offer my resolution, and to move to suspend the
rules. It has not been ascertained whether there
is a quorum presf nt or not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky makes the question to the Chair that there
is no quorum present. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present or not.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to a personal ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum present.
The question was taken on Mr. Burnett's
motion; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 4, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. N. IIank.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
a message from the President of the United States
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 24th ultimo, a report of the Sec-
retary of State m relation to the outrages lately
committed against the family of Mr. Dickson, an
American citizen residing at Jaffa, in Palestine;
which, on motion of Mr. Mason, was ordered to
lie on the table; and a motion by him to print it
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
He also laid before the Senate reports of the
Court of Claims made m pursuance of law, ad-
verse to the claim of John L. Wordon; the claim
of Wiliiam B. Fitzgerald; the claim of Jonas
P. Levy; the claim of John H. Waggaman; the
claim of William Davenport; the claim of Charles
Wilkes; the claim of John L. Wirt; and on the
claim of Logan Huiuon; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying for the construction of a
wagon road from Saginaw City to some point near
the northern extremity of the lower peninsula of
.Michigan opposite Mackinac, and from Sault Ste.
Marie to some point on the southern shore of the
upper peninsula of Michigan near to Mackinac;
which was deferred to th^ Committee Post
Office and'Fost Roads. " ^
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition*'oft Anton
L. C. Portman, praying for compensation- ftfr
services as interpreter of the Japan expedition
under Commodore Perry; which wasfefWretHo
the Committee on Foreign Relations.. * • - -
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition of Mary
Jane MaHby, widow of the late Lieutenant'Jarrfes
West, of the Army of the United States, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.- '
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the petition f>f Catherine Dickersott, on tine
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Chailes Vinson, on the files
Qf the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
DAILY HOUR OP MEETING;
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That on Monday next, the 10th.instant, and
thereafter, until the further order of the Senate, ihe hour
for the daily meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o>c!oe&,
a. m. ;
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Saturday of this week be set apart for the
consideration of harness relating to the District of Colum-
bia.
STEAM FRIGATE ROANOKE.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inqunc into the causes that rendered it neces-
sary to lay up and put out of commission the United States
steam frigate Roanoke; also whether any boaid of survey
was ordered on said ship in August and September^ 1857,
or at any pievious or subsequent period, and if so, who com-
posed sani boaidSj and ai-o the reports of survey and in-
spection which may have been held on said ship at any time
since her launch, cither by boards or individuals; also
whether the Roanoke was injured in launching, and if so,
to what extent, and also whether any blame is justly attrib-
utable therefor to any one charged with the con^truction'or
launching of said ship; whether such injunes, if any there
wore, were made good before the *.hip was sent to sea, and
at what cost, how many days she was actually at sea, with
the state of the weathoi expcuenccd, and what was found
to bo her actual condition a«- to sea-woithmess when finally
taken into the dry dock at the Oharlemown navv-yaid for
lepau*, tosethet with the length of time required ior, and
co.^i of said i epairs, and also whether the otficeis who sailed
in said hlnp, or any other officer of the Navy, or anyone in
nuv way connected therewith, is in anv degiee iespon<-ible
for the injuries to >aid shin, and also the opinion of compe-
tent olhcci-5 a  to tiic ability of the Roanoke, in her condi-
I lion at the tunc «*hc went to sea, to encounter the gales
prevalent m the West Indian and Caribbean £eas.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Thomas
Watts, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles G-rampp, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in support of the claim
of Adam Sener, submitto-d an adverse" report;
which was ordered to be printed.
j Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
j was referred the petition of J. B. Mjller, submit-
; ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 309)
' for the relief of John B. Miller. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a paper signed
by the Democratic members of the Legislature of
the State of Ohio, recommending an increase of
the salary of United States judges in that Sfafe,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature of
Missouri, and the additional papers presented on
the 11th of January last, in relation to the claim
of Jams M. Barker, reported adversely thereon.
