2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Is that giving a man a speedy and impartial trial
under (he Constitution? Is it not delaying his
trial ? Is not this report now before us a persist-
ent attempt to keep up that state of things ? How
does it come that your jail is crowded to-night
■with on^ hundred persons, as I have had occasion
time -and time again to ring in the ears^ of the
Senate? It happens because you have no house
in which your criminal court can sit.
Gentlemen say flippantly, let Washington pro-
vide a court-house; these are the prisoners of
Washington. Sir, they are not the prisoners of the
city or the District; they are your prisoners; they
are arrested under your law", by your officers, and
held in durance by your authority; and the Con-
stitution rings and reverberates m your ears that
you shall give them a speedy and impartial trial—
atrial which they cannot have unless you provide
a place for holding your courts. When the com-
mittee charged with the business of this District,
■whose duty it is to supervise its affairs, bring in
a proposition,and haveitpassed by a unanimous
vote in the Senate, it is sacrificed in your commit-
tee of conference, because it did not come from
the Finance Committee. If it had been one of
their amendments it would have been protected;
most of their amendments have been.
I choose to say this in vindication and defense
of justice and of right—not that I expect the re-
port to be rejected. I know that the temper of the
Senate is to sanction it; no word that 1 can utter
here will prevent it; but 1 choose to speak in de-
fense of the right, and to notify the country how
legislation is carried on here. If the chairmen
and members of other committees feel as I and the
members of the committee of which I am a mem-
ber feel, we would reject your report and let the
bill fall. Let other committees vindicate their
rights, and say that "when they have brought in
amendments which have received the sanction of
the Senate, they are not to be sacrificed in these
committees of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope, Mr. President,
that the report of the committee will be accepted,
because I am satisfied, not only that it is the best
that can be done under the circumstances, but
that on the whole it in quite as well as we had
any reason to export the result would be. I do
not agree with the statement that has been made
by the Senator from Mississippi, with reference
to this matter. What is this bill before us ? An
appropriation bill, as we call it. It is a biil, not
only one law, as it is in form, but containing in it
a great many different piovisions; diflWent laws,
in fact, upon different subjects; each got in there
by the course of our legislation. Now, sir, if we
pass a single law—take, for instance, the provis-
ion alluded to bythe honorable Senatorfrom Mis-
sissippi, providing for the erection of a court-
room in connection with the City Hall; we send
it down to the House; they disagree with us; a
committee of conference is appointed; they can-
not agree, and the bill would necessarily fail, and
I take it for granted no Senator would want to sit
here until next December, until the House gave
way. Why, sir, the House have just as much
right to its opinions on that matter when placed
in this omnibus bill, as it is called, as if it were
in a single bdl by itself, and it is not in the nature
of things to expect, when a bill contains so many
different provisions as this bill does, that both
branches should agree upon all the provisions. It
is natural to suppose, when the two branches of
Congress difier so often upon a single bill making
a single provision, that they should find grounds
of difference upon a bijj which makes one hun-
dred different provisions.
Now, sir, is it right and reasonable to urge the
Senate to reject this bill because there are some
provisions in it, so multifarious as they are, upon
which both Houses cannot agree? Do we take
the position that, because we cannot agree upon
everything, therefore legislation shall stop upon
everything ? that because we cannot agree upon
certain provisions, therefore we will have no
result whatever from the agreement upon those
which do satisfy both branches of the Legisla-
ture ? I hold to no such doctrine as this. I was
in favor of this provision of the bill. If £ may be
allowed to speak of what transpired in committee,
1 was in favor of it here, and I was in favor of it
elsewhere;butthere were naturally different opin-
ions. The committee consisted of gentlemen rep-
resenting both Houses. Those gentlemen know,
or think they know, what will be the effect off
retaining certain provisions in the bill. What is \
the object of a committee of conference but to find j
out what they can agree upon? Must we come !
to the conclusion, because a series of amendments I
are offered to a bill of this description which are j
lost in a committee of conference, that every indi- j
vidual on that committee must vote against the j
report, and therefore the general bill must fall? j
Not at all. Sir, I was as much disappointed as any j
man with reference to the result of the conference j
on this bill. There was one amendment in which J
I felt a very strong interest, and yet I was com- I
pelied to give it up. I was compelled to yield it j
for the very reason that it was stated the House
was not willing to pass it, and would not pass it;
and it had as much right to its opinion on that
subject as the Senate has to its opinion. If we
adopt as a principle that we will sit here from Jan-
uary to December, or from January to January,
simply because we cannot coerce the House to
come to our opinions; and the House adopt the
same principle that they will sit here because we
will not come to their opinions upon all subjects, j
I should like to know when we would come to any j
conclusions at all ? '
I have said thus much, not because I suppose ,
there is any doubt what the result of a vote on the !
report will be, but it was really surprising to me i
to hear such doctnnesadvocated here. I am per- ,
fectly willing to yield when I think it can be fairly ■
and candidly done, with the acceptance of all the 1
others who are deputed to settle these disputed )
matters, notwithstanding my wishes may not be ]
complied with in every particular. I hope, there- |
fore, that the Senate will adopt this report, and 1
not throw away a great deal that is good because ;
they cannot get some other things that they want.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the report of the committee of con- j
fcrence, on which the yeas and nays have been |
ordered. i
The question being taken by yeas and nays, t
resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows: ■
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bayuidi Bell, Benjamin, Bisler,
Chandler, Clay, Coliamcr, Dixon, Douglas, Fesfuden, Fos- j
ter, Gvun, Harlan. Houston, Hunter, fverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Jono-, Mallory, Ma^on, Pugh, Iteid, Sebastian,
Seward, yimnioii?\ Slidolh Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, i
and Thomson of New Jersey—30.
NAVri—Mcssra. Brodonck, Brown, Rice, Toombs,Trum-
Imilj and Wilson—6.
So the report of the committee of conference
was concuriod in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. I
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
j States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
] State, in answer to the resolution of the Senate of
| the ltfth ultimo, respecting the Isthmus of Te-
i huantepec, with the accompanying documents, to- [
; gether with a letter of the Postmaster General, of
j the '24th ultimo, to the State Department; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by •
Mr. Douglas to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. !
He also laid before the Senate a report of the 1
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in ,
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, inform- j
ation in relation to the fees or charges of the con- !
sul general of Canada on goods or articles im- |
' ported into the United States from Canada; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
Mr. Stuart to print was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. j
He also laid before the Senate a report of the <
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in com- |
phance with a resolution of the Senate, informa-J
tion in relation to the time at which each vessel ;
in the Navy was built, and the original cost there- :
of, with the cost of repairs to each, and the time 1
| when made; also, the present condition of the 1
| vessels in the Navy,as to fitness forservice; which !
I was ordered to lie on the table; and amotion by j
Mr. Coll.amLit to print was referred to the Com- |
mittee on Printing. i
VENTILATION OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS. !
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso- <
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- :
sent, and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Pie-ident of the Unired States, if, in |
his judgment, compatible with the public interest, commu- |
i nieato to the Senate such information as the. Eseeutive ,
j DepJitiuunu> may afford of the contracts, agreements, and :
arrangements which have been made, and of proposals
which have been received, for heating and ventilating the
Capitol extension, the Post Office, and other public build-
ings in course of construction, under the management of
Captain Meigs, and of the action of the Secretary of War
and Captain Meigs thereon.
JOHN FORRISTER.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the order directing the petition and papers
of John Forrister to be withdrawn from the Court of Claims
and referred to the Committee on Pensions be rescinded.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill (No. 650) granting an invalid pension to
William Randolph; and
A bill (No. 340) providing an increase of pen-
sion to Peter Van Buskirk, of Washington city,
in the District of Columbia.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts;
An act to repeal the fifth section of an act en-
titled " An act to authorize the register or enroll-
ment and license to be issued in the name of the
president or secretary of any incorporated com-
pany owning a steamboat or vessel, approved
March 3, 1825; and
An act for the relief of Albert G. Allen.
BERIAH WRIGHT.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 460) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Beriah Wright, of New York.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
his name on the roll of invalid pensioners, and
pay him a pension of four dollars a month from
the 6th of February, 1858, to continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
^ MRS. MARY A. M. JONES.
Mr. STUART. I think that we ought, injus-
tice to ourselves certainly, to dispose of the case
of Mrs. Jones, which we have talked about for
two days. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
42) granting a pension to Mary A. M, Jones.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the following amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the name of Myra Clark
Gaines, widow of Major General Edmund P. Gaines, United
Stales Army, be placed on the pension roil; and tiiat she be
paid at the rate of half the pay proper per month to which
the said Games was entitled to at the time of his death; to
commence on the 6th day of June, 1349, and to continue
duung her natural life.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish the Secretary to add
to that;
Provided, That this pension shall not exceed fifty dollars
per month.
This is the amendment offered by the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment should
be, in the second section, to strike out all about
the half pay proper, and insert at the rate of fifty
dollars per month.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, putitin thatshape.
Mr. STUART. I understand that by common
consent the amendment will be so modified.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, it will be put in that form. The Chair
hears none.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following
amendment offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden],is now pending:
•And he itJutther enacted, that the name of Jane Turn-
bull, the widow of Lieutenant Colonel William Turnbull,
be placed on the pension roil as a pensioner for life, at the
late of fifty doihus per mouth.
Mr. CLAY. That is liable to several objec-
tions. In the first place, I will remark that the
Committee on Pensions, to whom the petition of
Mrs. Turnbull was referred, reported, if not unan-
