THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4\
He atop, from the same committee, to whom
•ssraS- referred. the bill (S. No. 234) f<*r the remis-
giori of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, reported
it.without amendment., and with the recommend-
ation that-it do not pass. He also submitted a
report on.the subject, which was ordered to be
printed. * ■'< ■
He also, from the same committee* to whom
•was' referred'the bill - (S. No. 257) epncerning
appeals and writs of error, reported it with an
amendment. . .
He alsa, from the same committee^to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. N,o. 10) di-
recting the Secretary of the Interior to pay cer-
tain pension claims therein specified, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration,and that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Francis D. Pons, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 169) in relation to conflicting land claims,
asked to'be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He'also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 251) in relation to
conflicting land claims, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 279) for the final ad-
justment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas,and Missouri, and
for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 209) for the relief
ofthe representatives of William Smith, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 211) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of Pierre
Broussard, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred th« bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of
Mrs. Ambroise Brou, of the parish ofSt. Charles,
in the State of Louisiana, reported it without
amendment; and submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred papers relating to the claim
of James Baldwin to a pension, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of Harrison Sargent, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the mo-
tion to print the memorial of the American Tele-
graph Company, reported in favor of the motion;
and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the letter of the
Secretary of State, communicating a statement of
the commercial relations of the United States with
foreign nations for thej'ear ending September 30,
1857, reported in favor of the motion; and it was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House ofRep-
resentativesby Mr. Allen,its Clerk, announcing
that the Speaker of the House had signed an en-
rolled bill(H. R. C. C. No. 8) for the relief of Cup-
tain James Mac Mcintosh, United States Army;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vioe President.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 36) explanatory of an aet entitled "An
act for the relief of George Chorpenning, jr.," ap-
proved March 3, 1857; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
311) to supply vacancies in certain offices; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
310) for the preservation of order, and protection
of persons and property in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say in reference
to this bill, that the whole subject of the police
of this city has passed from before the District
committee, on account of the report made some
time ago, and the bill which passed here, but was
lost in the House of Representatives. In intro-
ducing this bill I do not mean to commit myself
to all its provisions; I do not approve of all -of
them; but I desire to get the committee again in
possession of the subject, and hope they may in-
graft something on the original stock which may
be accepted. With that view, I move the refer-
ence of'this bill to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the joint resolution from
the House of Representatives (No. 26) authoriz-
ing the arrangement and disposal of public build-
ings in the city of Philadelphia, have instructed
me to report the same back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass. I desire to say that this
resolution is a single section, very important in
its character, and I hope the Senate will allow it
to pass this morning. It is desirable that it be
passed immediately.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Postmaster General, and the At-
torney General, so to arrange the buildings and
grounds in the city of Philadelphia, now used or
intended to be used for custom-house, post oflice,
or courts, or oflices belonging thereto, as shall, in
tlieir opinion, be best adapted for either and all
of those offices and purposes; with a proviso, that
the expense so inclined shall notexceed the sum
already appropriated for any or all of those pur-
poses, and such sum as may be received for the
sale of any building or ground now used for either
of such purposes as shall not be further necessary
for public purposes. It also proposes to author-
ize the President of the United States to sell at
private or public sale, as-he may deem. Ijest, any
of the buildings or grounds referred to in the res-
olution which may not be necessary for public
purposes.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the words
" piivate or" before " publicsale." lam opposed
altogether to leaving to the executive officers dis-
cretion to sell public buildings and grounds at pri-
vate sale, particularly after the great clamor that
has been made in regard to frauds about the sale
of the late military reservations. I do not know
whether they are well founded or ill founded, and
I do not care; but it is better to shut the door and
not leave executive officers to sell lands and build-
ings at private sale. I move to strike out the words
" private or."
Mr. BIGLER. I have n6t the slightest objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think it would be wise to
add another amendment; to msertthe words "after
fixing a minimum prtce," so that there shall be
no objection whatever. It is said, sometimes, that
there is collusion between bidders, and property
is sold for much less than it should be. If the
Department is fust authorized to establish a min-
imum price, and then dispose of the property at
auction, all objections are removed.
Mr. BIGLER. I am perfectly willing to have
this resolution m any shape that will protect the
public interests. I presume the resolution in its
present shape will answer that purpose. It is not
at all probable that there will be any sale of prop-
erty. It is possible, however, thatit may be found
desirable to sell a portion of the real estate which
the Government now owns in Philadelphia, in or-
der to make a better arrangement of the public
buildings there. The Senator from Maine thinks
the amendment essential. I do not, but I have no
objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, in line
fifteen, before the word "at," to insert "after'
fixing a minimum price," so that it will read "au-
thorized to sell, after fixing-a minimum.price, at
publicsale." • :
-Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to gen-
tlemen that it has occurred to my mind that the
difficulties which seem to have been encountered
in- relation to these sales are not avoided by either
of the amendments which have been suggested.
In order to.prevent combinations on the one hand,
by wliich public sales go too low, and at-the same
time to prevent men knowing what others have
offered, I consider the true and right practical
method would be on the contract system, to adver*
tise for proposals publicly, to receive those pro-
posals by a given day, in writing, so that each
bidder should not know what' the other has of'
fered. Then let the bids be accepted or rejected
altogether, if, in the discretion of the Executives
there is .pot a fair offer made. That is the way
m which contracts are made in many of our De-
partments, especially in the Post Office-Depart*'
ment;and I think ithas been found by experience
to be the true and right way. I would propose
that amendment as a substitute for this proposi-
tion; namely, to provide for a sale after advertis-
ing for proposals, on the contract system.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
propose that as an ametirlment to.the amendment
of the Senator from Maine ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Put it in the alternative—-
" or by advertising for proposals."
Mr. BIGLER. It might be put in as a proviso;
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir, let the provision
for the public sale stand as it now is in the joint
resolution, and add a proviso giving a discretion
to take the course I have suggested.
Mr. BIGLER. I am willing to make almost
any amendment to this resolution to satisfy hon-
orable Senators, although I think it is perfectly
right and safe as it is. The sale, if there be one
made, is to be for the benefit of the Government'
buildings in the city of Philadelphia, and for "the
improvements that will be made there. It is not
a sale for the Government. It is not proposed to
sell property, the proceeds of which are to go into
the Treasury; but the proceeds are to be applied
to these buildings and improvements. However,
I am perfectly satisfied to take the amendment of
tho Senator from Vermont, and I am sure these
officers are anxious to be relieved from apy re?
sponsibihty or hazard that may be connected with
this business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is an
objection which lias hardly yet been alluded to.
Whilst this resolution diverts and gives, a privi-
lege in regard to the method of using nn appro-
priation already made, I am under the impression
that it makes an additional large appropriation
for these objects. Tho exteiit of that additional
appropriation I do not -know, nor is there any
explanation given of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not mean to make
any remarks m relation to that. . .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I shall
call attention to it myself. In the first place, ap-
propriations were made for the erection of a court
house, custom-house, and post office, in the city
of Philadelphia, which were deemed sufficient.
I have no question that the appropriations which
were made were deemed amply sufficient at the
time; yet there is a provision in this resolution
for the sale of property which the Government of
the United States now owns—how much of it
there may be, we know nothing—and for the con-
version of the proceeds of those sales to the same
objects for which the original appropriations were
made. Now, I ask the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia to give us some idea of the value of the prop-
erty which is to be thus sold and converted.
Mr. BIGLER. The Government of the Uni-
ted States a few years ago purchased a property
for a post office in Philadelphia—the old'Bank of
Pennsylvania building. In 1854, a law was passed
authorizing that purchase, which was made in
1856.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was not the old United
States Bank buiidingpurchased for a custom-house
long before that time ?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir. The Government
owns the property to which I have referred, and
the property on which the United States court
buildings are erected, or expected to be erected.
The object is not to appropriate an additional sum
of money to any one of these objects; but great
