%9M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 11,
knew a better, a more honest, or a more gallant
geritlemen. I believe his health was never, re*
stored after he left Mexico. He was at the head
of General Scott's staff. I introduced this bill
because I thought it was a meritorious case, if
there ev.er was one. I think it is eminently enti-
tled to the consideration of the Senate, and I shall
do all I can to procure the passage of the amend-
ment.
Mr. PUGH. The friends of the case of Mrs.
Turnbull gain nothing by putting it on this bill;
not do the friends of Mrs. Gaines's case. They
defeat their own cases, and they defeat the mer-
itorious case of Mrs. Jones; for as each of these
amendments involves a new appropriation of
money, when tlus bill goes back to the House of
Representatives, it must go to a Committee of
the Whole House, and be put at the foot of the
Calendar. The original bill came to us from the
House proposing a pension to the widow of Gen-
eral Jones, it has passed the ordeal of the House,
and is here where a single vote will pass it. That
ease to which no objection is made, that case
■which passed the Senate unanimously at the last
Congress, is to be sent back to the House, not on
anything connected with itself, but under the vain
idea that it will facilitate the passage of the bills
for the benefit of Mrs. Gaines and Mrs. Tumbuli.
It will do no such thing. The bill with those
amendments will go to the Committee of the
Whole House, and be put at the foot of the Cal-
endar, because it will contain a new appropria-
tion of money which has never been considered
in the Committee of the Whole, and thus neither
of these cases advances a single stage, while they
defeat the case of Mrs. Jones. Now I appeal to
the Senate to take these amendments off the bill.
Let us defeat this one, and then reconsider the
vote by which the amendment for Mrs. Gaines
•was adopted, and let Mrs. Jones's case be passed
as it came from the House.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I desire to
give notice that 1 shall introduce an amendment
to this bill, providing a pension for Mrs. Ann
Smith, the widow of General Persifer Smith.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say that the bill
for Mrs. Gaines will not receive attention one
moment sooner as an amendment to this bill, than
if it were separate, for it miust go back to the
House, and pass the ordeal there. We had this
question discussed during the last Congress, in a
similar instance, which was the first case I ever
knew where a meritorious claim was made to
retrace its steps through both branches, in order
to carry a sccond claim. I hope the Senate, in
justice to itself, will ailow Mrs. Jones's bill to
pass. The pension given under the bill will not
be as much as the Senator from Georgia has named
in the amendment. The full pay of an adjutant
general is ninety dollars, the half pay forty-five
dollats, and the Senator proposes to give her fifty
dollars. I would rather have the original bill than
any further difficulty about it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I simply rise to state that my
friend from Ohio is entirely mistaken in supposing
that this bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole in the House. It is a misapprehension
of the rule. Any bill having an appropriation m
it, must go to the Committee of the Whole; but a
bill which has been returned from the Senate, with
an amendment making an increased appropria-
tion, does not go there at all in consequence of the
increase. But it so happens that in this bill there
is no appropriation at all. It simply puts on an
additional pension, but contains no appropriation
of money; but having passed the House, if wc
increase the appropriation, when it is returned to
the House it does not go to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. PUGH. The same question has been de-
cided. When the bill for enlarging the Cleveland
custom-house was under consideration, a propo-
sition was made, as an amendment to it, to carry
on the Milwaukee custom-house. I went down
and conversed with honorable members of the
House, and ascertained that, if we added any ad-
ditional sum for a new building, the biii would
have to go to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DOUGLAS. They were very successful in
making the Senator believe that that was the rule.
Mr. PUGH. I ask, as a test question, that the
yeas and nays he taken on the amendment add-
ing Mrs. Turnbull's case, because I consider it a
defeat of the original bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is it?
Mr. CLAY. It is to strikeout " fifty dollars,"
and insert" half pay."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary again read it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. PUGH. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.MALLORY. Is the amendment still open
to amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment to
the.amendment i« now m order.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I offer the following:
! And that the Scci etary of the Interior be directed to place
I the name of Jane Peiry, widow of the late Commodoie
j Matthew C. Perry, on the pension roll at the late of fifty
i dollars per month, to commence on the 4th day of March,
| 1858. _
i I listened to the remarks of the honorable Sen-
i ator from Ohio with a great deal of pleasure. I
1 think there is a great deal of justice in what he
! says. 1 think that loading the bill down with
; amendments will probably defeat the pension
i which we seek to give Mrs. Jones, but I cannot
j withhold this amendment when I see others at-
; tempted to be placed on tKe bill. I therefore
offer it and allow it to take its chance with the
rest. I shall not regret if all are voted down to-
gether; but certainly no ease has been presented
to the Senate which deserves higher considera-
tion than that of Mrs. Perry. Commodore Perry
himself died from disease contracted m the ser-
vice of the country, and his widow is as much
entitled to a pension as any presented here. I
offer that as an amendment, and I hope it will be
adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I desire to
offer an amendment, if it is in order:
And that the name of Ann Smith, of Louisiana, be, and
the same is hereby, placed upon the pension list of the
United States; and that the Secretary of the Interior pay,
or cau^e to be paid, to the said Ann Smith the sum of fifty
dollars per month, commencing from the date of the death
of her husband, the late General Peisifer F. Smith, of the
United States Auny.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to
offer:
And that Mrs. Macomb, th« widow of General Alexander
Macomb, deceased, shall also he entitled to a pension dar-
ing her life, nt the rate of titty dollars per month, to com-
mence from the date of her said husband's death.
The amendment to the amendment was -agreed
to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall vote with great pleas-
ure for the amendment as amended; and I shall
endeavor, before the question is taken, to put
such other cases-upon the bill as stand upon an
equal ground of merit. Although Senators occupy
a high position, although they are exempt from
responsibility for six years, still they are very
much dependent upon the people, and I think that
the substratum, the " mud-sills," ought to be
considered in this pension business. They are
the foundation after all—the substratum of so-
ciety. u They toil not, neither do they spin; and
yet I say unto you, that even Solomon, in all his
glory, was not arrayed like one of these." [Laugh-
ter.] That is the truth.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not say that
they are lawless ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No; I do not, by any means.
Now, the appropriation of public money against
the settled principles of the Government, and
against public justice, is a mockery and a jest in
the Senate of the United States. It is a mockery
and a jest with the representatives of thirty-two
sovereignties. You have established certain prin-
ciples upon which you have put the pay and
emoluments, and all the advantages of coming
into the service of the United States. You have
put those of the Army of the United States upon
a basis that makes a universal rush from one end
of the Republic to the other to get there. It ia d
huge magnet that attracts from the remotest parts
of the Republic all the loose stuff—the young men
that can do nothing else, in the remotest parish
and upon the remotest backwoods in all the Re-
public, as well as the respectable people. They
go into your service upon the idea that you will
give them certain compensations while they are
in it. They hold those advantages upon no other
principle, except that they shall do nothing so
disgraceful as will turn them out; and even if
they should be, if they happen to be kin to Sen-
ators arid members, they will bring them back
again. It is done. I speak what you all know.
I would much prefer to say pleasant things than
rough things, though I prefer doing my duty
rather than to please this august assembly of
which I am a member. -
Some of these gentlemen entered the service
forty years ago. You tell them that you will give
them a certain compensation for life, with all the
chance of promotion, and that if they should fall
in battle you would give a pension for a limited
time to their wives and children. They entered
into it. They have gone on through this routine.
Here we have four cases for pensions, notwith-
standing that contract. I had the pleasure of know-
ing many of these gentlemen. A more accom-
plished officer than Colonel Turnbull I never
knew, of his rank. I considered lum one of the
most distinguished officers of his rank in the
American service—an honor to the service. He
did his duty everyv/here. He was frank, liberal,
brave, and generous; and I knew no man that I
honored more in his calling. I had the pleasure
of his acquaintance, not intimately, but such as it
was it was all to his favor and to my advantage.
But such were not the terms upon which he went
into your service; it was not your contract. He
did nothing more than he bargained for. He was
an eminent example -of an intelligent, brave, edu-
cated , honorable officer. It is exactly what he bar-
gained for. His life was blameless. He did not
die of wounds received in the service. All this
talk about giving pensions on account of wounds
is mere stuff. If a man dies in his bed they trace
it back possibly to some exposure thirty or forty
years ago. People imagine that they get sickness
in a particular way, and get an excuse for a pen-
sion. Many of these people lived longer than the
time appointed for all men. If they had died from
disease or wounds contracted in the service, they
could get a pension by proving it.
As for bringing up General Scott before the
committee, I suppose what General Scott swears
to would be regarded at the Pension Office, but I
expect what he swears aboutpeople's diseases, he
not being an adept, would be of no more concern
than one of your pages. General Scott knows a
great deal about his business, but not"a great deal
about anything else. I believe that is the general
judgment of the country, and there is no better
i fiicnd of his in the country than I am, but I choose
to speak the truth about him. He does not know
much about business. He may know something
about the sovereign'st thing on earth for a green
wound, but I do not think that he will profess to
decide whether or not a man who dies ten years
afterwards, died from disease contracted in the
service of the country. I know the old Genera!
would not profess to have any such skill in phai-
macy or medicine, as to pretend that Colonel
Turnbull died from any such cause, and he did
not do it. I do not think there is anything in it.
I think it would take a gentleman to be of very
peculiar temperament to persuade himself that ho
was not violating the general principles upon
which the laws of this land stand, by voting on
suclf ground. I do not think anybody believes it.
I havenoideathat even myfriendfrom Iowa [Mr.
Jones] believes it. I never asked him for a thing
in my life that he would not grant. Whatever
you ask him he says, 14 certainly/' and as for a
woman, he could not refuse anything in the world
that she might ask. You have made him chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions, and he says,
l i come from all the ends of the earth and take what
I can give you: all ye that are thirsty, come and
drink!" I never knew him to refuse anybody any-
I thing, and as for pensions, of course he would give
{ them out of his own money or anybody else's to
whoever asked him. [Laughter.] Pie is an excep-
tion to the general rul$. We sometimes find that
j those who are very liberal with the people's money
i arc very close with their own dimes. That is not
