1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
return of original and final process in the circuit |
-and district courts of the United States in certain !
^ases.
: A resolution providing for the payment of cer-
tain expenses of holding the United States courts
in the Territory of Utah.
HUNGARIAN SETTLERS IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES. I hopethe Senate will now agree
to take up the bill (S.-No. 300) for the relief of
Hungarians in my State, which my colleague re-
ported yesterday from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which there was no objection, except
on the part of my friend from Arkansas, who said
he only wanted a little while to look into it. The-
public sales come on in a few days, and these
poor people will be deprived of the privilege of
entering their lands unless this bill is passed. It
is recommended by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to the
passage of the bill, unless it is confined to these
people. This can be done'by a slight amend-
ment in the second section; but, as I now under-
stand it-, it is not confined to these people. If that
amendment can be made, I shall not object.
Mr. STUART, There will be no objection to
that amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of theWhole, to consider
the bill (S. No. 300) for the relief of the Hunga-
rian settlers upon certain tracts of land in Iowa,
hitherto reserved from sale by order of the Pres-
ident, dated January 22, 1855.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
but if it be the general sense of the Senate, the
consideration of this bill will be continued.
Mr. JONES. I ask general consent.
Mr. CLAY. I will give it five minutes. If it
creates any debate, I shall insist that it be laid
aside.
# The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will take
it as the sense of the Senate that the bill shall be
continued for the present.
The bill was read through.
It extends the right of preemption to the Hun-
garian settlers on that body of land reserved from
sale or location by order of the President of the
United States, dated January 22, 1855. All per-
sons so entitled to the right of preemption, who
may .have gone on the lands and continued to in-
habit and improve them, are to hold their claims,
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to
each preemptor, against any other subsequent
claims whatever. The claimants under settlement
and cultivation, made prior to January 22, 1855,
or before the passage of this bill, are to make
"known their claim, in writing, to the register at
Chariton, within three months from the date of
publication in the district of notice to the claim-
ants of the privileges granted by the bill, to be
given by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office; and in all cases proof and payment must
be made at the land office within twelve months
from the date of publication of the notice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The bili, as
will be seen by its title, is a bill for the relief of
certain Hungarian settlers on certain tracts hith-
erto reserved by the President from sale; but the
second section goes on to say that "all persons''
«—that does not include Hungarians only—"all
persons entitled to the right of preemption to the
above described lands by this act, who-may have
gone on to said lands prior to January 22,185.")"—
that they might have done and acquired the right
of preemption; but it says also, "or since that
time." They may have never acquired it at all.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator whether it would not answer his purpose
to strike out " persons" and insert " such Hun-
garians."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is what
I desire. 1 am not disposed to make a contest
with these people. They were unfortunate, they
have come here, and we have commenced a course
of kindness to them, and I am not disposed tn
take the responsibility of putting an end to it. I
wish them to have the land; 1 really feel in that
way towards them; but I am not disposed, under
cover of that, to have a preemption law passed
which sets aside all the regular preemption laws
for the benefit of anybody else. Let us do that
which we really design, and not be passing an act
which reaches everybody and anybody. I move
to strike out the words " all persons," in the first
line of the second section, and insert " all such
Hungarians." I will further say, in regard to the
bill, that it is very peculiar; and whilst I shall
vote for it myself, I am notentirely satisfied about
the direction it gives.
' Mr. JONES. This bill was drawn at the Gen-
eral Lafid Office with great care, by the Commis-
sioner himself, who understands the case perfectly
well, much better than I do, or my colleague, I
suppose, or anybody else. It is made to apply
to their case alone. The original intention was
to give lands to these Hungarians, as lands had
been given to the Poles in Illinois, but we have
been unable to have the land given to them. They
ought to have it for nothing, in my opinion, be-
cause of their being exiles from their own country.
Being unable to purchase this land, they have been
waiting for two or three years, until they could
have money to pay for it."They think they have
money to pay for it now, and they only ask, like
all other settlers on the public lands, to be allowed
to pay $1 25 an acre. They are bona fide settlers,
and have honestly made improvements on the
lands, which are no better than other lands in the
State. I think it is a great hardship that they
should not be permitted to enter their lands; I
think the amendment of my friend from Arkansas
is an ungenerous amendment. The captain of the
Hungarians who settled on this tract made val-
uable improvements, but became dissatisfied with
the country, sold his improvements to one of his
countrymen who came afterwards,and who was
not included originally in the list, and went to
Texas to reside. Now, by my friend's amend-
ment, the successor of that man will be deprived,
I am afraid, of the right to enter by preemption.
I believe, however, his neighbors would not in-
terfere with him; and, therefore, rather than see
the bill put by, I am willing to agree to the amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I do not think the amendment
will affect that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not think
the opposition is ungenerous; I am willing to give
these men the benefit of the preemption laws as
far as I am conccrned, but I do not think it ought
to embrace other people than these Hungarians.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BROWN. I have no intention to oppose
the bill beyond simply indicating my objection to
it. I shall vote ngainst it. I think all these giants
of land under the circumstances proposed in the
bill originally, and all amendments to secure such
grants, are wrong. I have no idea that we ought
to invite exiles from all parts of the world, or that
when they come we should show them this mark
of special favor. I rose simply to indicate my de-
cided, distinct, emphatic opposition to this whole
thing, but I shall not detain the Senate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OREGON BILL.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move now that the Senate
proceed to consider the bill for the admission of
Oiegon into the Union.
Mr. CLAY. That will require the postpone-
ment of the special order, which I hope the Sen-
ate will not put aside.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I dislike to antagonize with
my friend from Alabama, but I feel it to be my
duty to insist on this bill being taken up, as it is
the last State admission bill, and I fear if it does
not go to the House of Representatives very soon,
it will be in danger of being killed. I will say in
regard to the fishing bounty bill, that I am ready
to take it up at any time, though I confess I have
not investigated it, and I shall rely much on the
Senator from Alabama, when it shall be taken up,
to enlighten me on the merits of the question. I
feel bound to insist on my motion to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the Or-
egon bill. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. There is nothing which could
induce me to commit an act of discourtesy toward
the Senator from Alabama; but I wish the bill for
the admission of Oregon to come up, and without
intending the slightest disrespect to him, I shall
feel it my duty to insist on considering it before
every other measure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume no one could deem
my motion an act of discourtesy to any Senator.
Certainly I would not make the motion if it could
be so "construed ; but we are bound to consult our
own sense of public "duty in regard to the taking
up of measures of public importance.
Mr. CLAY. I should not regard it as any act
of discourtesy; I am not so tenacious of my dig-
nity or rights as that; but it would be a great
favor to me if the Senate would now take up the
special order; for I am-laboring under a headache,
which will grow worse as the evening passes on.
I want to get through with the special order.
Mr. GWIN". I hope the Senator from Illinois
will not press this question to-day, as the Sena-
tor from Alabama came here prepared to make a
speech.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Alabama
came for the purpose of making a -speech this
morning, I will waive it until his speech is fin-
ished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to withdraw the motion, the yeas
and nays having been oidered. The Chair hears
no objection, however.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is the bill (S. No. 10) repealing all laws, or
parts of laws, allowing bounties to vessels em-
ployed in the bank or other cod fisheries; and that
bill is now before the Senate as in Committee of
theWhole.
Mr. FOOT. I submit to the Chair whether
that is the first special order. I see, by reference
to the Calendar, which lies on my table, that the
resolution offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Doolittle,] some time ago, respecting
the action of Commodore Paulding, is the oldest
special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair directed
the Secretary to put. the special orders in their ap-
propriate order on the Calendar, and was informed
that this bill was the oldest special order.
Mr. CLAY. It is the oldest special order.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
Vermont that the special order which is the old-
est, the resolution of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, was consolidated with the bill of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. FOOT. The resolution of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin was made the special
order on the 14th, and the bill of the Senator from
Alabama on the 19th of January. It so stands
on the Calendar.
Mr. GWIN. I think on a subsequent day the
joint resolution of the Senator from Wisconsin
came up before the Pacific railroad bill, and then
it was agreed that the joint resolution and the bill
reported by the Senator from Virginia, from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, should be con-
sidered together. I think that order was entered
on the Journal at the time, which makes this the
first special order. I make the suggestion.
Mr. FOOT. I am not inclined to interpose an
objection to the consideration of the bill repealing
the act in reference to fishing bounties, as the Sen-
ator from Alabama is understood to he prepared
on that question this morning; but I have an ob-
jection to the displacement of the resolution which
has been considered, I admit, in connection with
the report of the Committee on Foreign Relations
on the same general subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
correct in supposing that the resolution of the
Senator from Wisconsin, in regard to Commodore
Paulding, is the oldest special order. The Chair's
recollection, however, coincides with that of the
Senator from California.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator
from Vermont that that order was made at my
instance. I do not know whether it appears on
the Journal or not; but I suggested that the}'"
should be consolidated, and the Senate assented
to it at the time.
Mr. FOOT. Then they being consolidated,
the question would be whether the resolution,
which was first made the special order, or the re-
port of the committee subsequently made, should
take precedence and control as to time.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is a question I should
not pretend to dccidc. I should have thought,
