1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1931
by the laws of gravitation, the more important
matter would have swallowed up the less import-
ant, and the medal business would have yielded.
Mr. FOOT. Then the question arises which
is the most important matter. But, sir, I will not
urge the question at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if the objection is
not pressed, the Chair will examine the question
between now and to-morrow.
Mr. FOOT. I am not disposed to press it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust it will be waived, for
the reason that I waived my motion to allow the
Senator from Alabama to make his speech. If I
had known that he c.ame in prepared to speak, I
should not have made my motion, and I waived
it only for that purpose.
Mr. CLAY. I am obliged to the Senators from
Vermont and Illinois for not pressing their mo-
tions to postpone' the consideration of this bill.
At the same time, however, it is due to the Sen-
ator from Illinois to say that, in urging the con-
sideration of this bill, at this time, I do not wish
him to understand that I accede to his proposi-
tion, that when I have concluded the Oregon bill
shall be taken up. I shall urge the consideration
of the bill now pending until the Senate come to
a final vote upon it.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. I will state very frankly that
I did not understand there was any arrangement.
I only gave notice that L waived my motion out
of courtesy, and that I should renew it when the
Senator should get through.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Piesident,t£ the catchingof
cod is a very momentous concern," said Fisher
Ames in the First Congress of the Union; and, sir,
this sentiment has been repeated so often, and so
emphatically, that many persons, without an ex-
amination of the subject, have taken it for granted
that " the catching of cod is a very momentous
concern." Indeed, considering the peculiar, ex-
traordinary, and exclusive favor with which cod
catching has been treated by the Congress of the
United States, any one might conclude that the
catching of cod is a most momentous concern.
It is my purpose to inquire into the reason why
Mr. Ames said, in 1789, that the catching of cod
is a most momentous concern, for the purpose of
of vindicating him from the suspicion of trifling
with the truth, and of alleging what he did not
believe, for the sake of achieving some sectional
advantage. The dignity, purity, and elevation of
his character, forbid the idea that he would have
been guilty of any such assertion if he had not
really believed it true. A comparison of the rela-
. tions* of cod fishing to the tonnage, commerce,
revenue, and seamen of the United States, at that
day, will show that he did not speak without war-
rant of reason, and authority of facts; and a sim-
ilar comparison of those relations at this day, will
show that, however truly it may have been uttered
by him, it would be simply ridiculous and absurd,
at this time, to say that u the catching of cod is a
very momentous concern."
However, sir, before proceeding to exhibit this
comparison,I mustshowthe peculiarandextraor-
dinary favor with which this interest has been
treated. How much was paid to the fisheties,
under the system of allowances, in lieu of draw-
back to the shippers or expoi ters of fish, I am not
prepared to say; but since 1792, when the system of
tonnage allowances was adopted, there have been
paid to the cod-fisheries the sum of $12,128,532.
They have received, annually, an average sum
exceeding two hundred and five thousand dollars.
During the last ten years, they have received an
annual average sum of $323,040. This large sum
has been divided among about fifteen thousand
persons, supposing that the fishei men have shaied
the bounty together with the owners of the fish-
ing vessels, or it has been divided among only
about two or, at most, three thousand owners of
fishing vessels. Of this sum ot ^12,128,532, the
States of Mame and Massachusetts have received
more than eleven twelfths, or $11,295,298, while
the other States have received, m the aggregate,
but §833,234. Of the two thousand anu eighty-
eight vessels m the trade last year, one thousand
nine hundred and twenty-eight were owned in the _
States .of Maine and Massachusetts; the remain- j
ing one hundied and sixty were divided between j
threeStates; Connecticut owningone hundredand j
thirty-four. New Hampshire but twenty-live,and i
Rhode Island hut one. Of the fourteen thousand i
eix hundred and sixteen fishermen reported to be I
employed in this trade,thirteen thousand four hun-
dred and ninety-six belong to Maine and Massa-
chusetts, and the. remaining one thousand one
hundred and twenty to three States; Connecticut
havingnine hundred and thirty-eight,New Hamp-
shire one hundred and seventy-five, and Rhode
Island but seven.
Thus, sir, it appears that this is a purely local
interest confined to a very small section of the
United Slates, and a small class of the citizens of
the United States, found, I may say, within hut
two States of the Union. Now, considering the
small number of persons who have participated in
this bounly of the Government, and the large ben-
efit which has been bestowed upon them, it is mat-
ter of special wonder that it should have been tol-
erated so Ions;, and might justly induce the opinion
that it had been, in the consideration of Congress,
of most momentous concern.
The inducements, or arguments, in favor of the
; fishing allowances presented by Mr. Ames, Mr.
• Gerry, and other distinguished advocates of that
interest, in 1792, were that it would increase the
commerce, the revenue, and the seamen of the
United States. Mr. Gerry said, to support fish-
eries is to support the revenue;*' and he undertook
to show " the diminution of revenue in consequence
of the Jailw e of the fisheries." Mr. Ames said, " it
is an immense fund of wealth," and " icitl enrich
ichile it will protect the nationFrom the ex-
hibition which I shall make of the relative im-
portance of this interest compared with the other
interests of tiie United States at that time, I re-
peat, these assertions were not without wariant
of reason.
The total tonnage of the United States in 1790
was but two hundred and seventy-four thousand
three hundred and seventy-seven tons, of which
that employed in the cod fisheries was thirty-one
thousand eis:ht hundred and forty-two tons; the
proportion of the cod-fish tonnage to the other ton-
nage of the United States being as one to seven,
or m other woids, the cod fish tonnage constitut-
ing, at that time, one eighth of the entire tonnage
of the United States. But how is it at this time?
In 1857, the total tonnage of the United States,
in round numbers, was, say five millions—for it
wanted only fifty-nine thousand of that number—
of which that employed in the cod-fisheries was
but one hundred and* four thousand five hundred
and seventy-three tons, the proportion of the cod-
fish tonnage to the other tonnage of the United
States being as one to forty-seven, or, in other
words, constituting but one forty-eighth part of
the entire tonnage of the United States Since
1790 the cod-fish tonnage 1k\s increased but three
fold, while the other tonnage of the United States
has been increased about twentv fold.
So in respect to commerce. Mr. Ames said, in
1789. that, m 1774, previous to the Revolution,
the value of exported cod uas upwards of a mil-
lion dollars. If so, at that time it constituted one
sixth of the whole commerce of the United States;
for the value of the aggregate domestic products of
the United Stales, at that tune, was but >G,3 05,413.
In 18U4, the total domestic exports of the United
States wen; $41,407,477; of which exported cod
made $2,4bO,UOO. At that time, the proportion was
as one to seventeen <-md two tenths. In 1857, how-
ever, tin5 total domes tie exports of the United States
were $338,985,065; of which the value of the ex-
ported cod was but §570,348; the proportion hemg
about as one to six hundred. The decrease in
the value of exported cod, since 1804, has been
$] ,829,652; while tiie increase m value of the
other domestic exports of the United States has
been $297,537,568.
So m respect to revenue. As I have shown be-
fore, at first the exports of cod amounted to about
one sixth of the total exports of the United States, j
and, of course, brought in foreign goods in ex- ;
change, which furnished, I may say, one sixth !
of the ievenue of the United States. At this day, j
however, as I shall show after a while, the cod i
fisheries, instead of adding to, aie annually ah- j
stractmg from the revenue of the United States. |
Where th*-y put one dollar into the Treasury they i
draw more than twelve out. j
Thus it appears that aU the predictions of the ;
value of the cod fisheries as an immense source of j
wealth made by their advocates, m 1792. have |
proven false and delusive. At this time they form
buta forty-eighth part ©fthetonnage of the United
States, but a six hundredth part of the commerce
of the United States, and instead of adding to the
revenue, they annually abstract from the revenue"
nearly three hundred thousand dollars more than
they put in. Who then, at this day* consider-
ing the cod fisheries in their relation to the com-
merce, the tonnage, and the revenue of the United
States, can say that they are of very momentous
concern ?
But, sir, it will be urged as "it was urged in that
day, that the cod fisheries are the nurseries of
American seamen. This, too, was urged with
some show of reason in 1792,forat that time cod
fishermen composed perhaps about one half of the
American seamen. We had at that time no other
fishery except the whale fishery. We had no fish-
eries around the coast of Florida, or in the Gulf
of Mexico, or on the Pacific coast; no herring,
no mackerel fishery, no fishery in the great lakes
in the Northwest. We had but little commerce,
and not sufficient vessels or seamen even to carry
that. Then it was said with apparent reason
that the cod fishery is the nursery of seamen; but
at this time, as I have shown, the cod fishery
bears an uuimportant relation to the commerce
and tonnage of the United States. At this time,
instead of composing nearly half of all the seamen
of the United States, it composes not exceeding one
thirteenth part, for we have over one hundred and
sixty thousand seamen engaged in the mackerol
fishery, in the whale fishery, in the merchant ser-
vice, and in the military marine of the United
States; while there are but thirteen thousandem-
ployed in the cod fisheries.
These inducements, which were presented for
fostering the cod fisheries, no longer exist; and if
they were the only arguments in support of the
bounty now confeired on them, that bounty
should be repealed. But, sir, I deny that these
were the inducements for the enactment of these
laws. They were arguments that were urged in
favor of them; but the true reason of each of these
laws was the salt duty. The salt duty was the
source of all the allowances, whether called draw-
backs or bounties, which have been bestowed by
any of these laws upon the cod fisheries; and that
I think I shall be able to show to the satisfaction
of the Senate.
The reason of the law, I have said, was the salt
duty. The I aw was predicated upon the idea that
dutiesshould belevied upon theconsumption, and
not upon the production, of the country; upon the
i imports, and not upon the exports. It was said,
with a good deal of plausibility, that a man who
exports an article which he has imported, and on
which he has paid the import duty, should have
that duty refunded; because it would be exchanged
for some foreign article which would be brought
into the country, and would again pay duty; and
if you did not refund him the duty on the ex-
ported art.cle, it would be equivalent to taxing
him with double duty. In each of these acts, I
maintain that it was the purpose of Congress to
give a drawback, and not a bounty.
The difft rence between a drawback and bouuty
is well understood by the Senate, but may not be
understood by the country; and I shall define what
I understand to be that difference, in Older that
the people may appreciate properly the wrong
done them by the present bounties bestowed on
the cod fisheries. Drawback isa mere return of the
duty paid by an importer of an article, upon his
exportation of that article, itisrefundinghim his
own money. It is, as said by Air. Madison, in de-
bate, in 1192, merely paying a debt—a debt due
from tiie Government to the exporter of an ai tide
for moneys advanced by him to the Government
upon importing that article. Bounty, on the other
hand, isagratuity, a premium bestowed upon the
producers, the exporters, or the importers of cer-
i tain articles, or upon those who engage ships in
I certain trades. Drawback is founded upon a val-
\ uable consideration—bounty upon mercgovem-
| mental favor.
Having explained this distinction, I repeat that
the purpose of all these laws was to give draw-
j back and not bounty, that the fishermen them-
j selves did not ask bounty, but drawback, that
I they did not sue for favor, but demanded justice.
| They said, give us what you give the merchant
: on the exportation of an article imported by him;
j return us our money—that is all we ask. Draw-
i back, and not bounty,was all thatwas advocated
j by the representatives of fishermen in either House
j of Congress. They repudiated the charge of seek-
