1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the case with him. He would spend his last cent,
and throw in the public Treasury to make it up.
He cannot stand a woman's tears. Everybody
that knows him, knows that he cannot. [Laugh-
ter.] He gives everybody just what they ask him;
everybody that knows him, knows that th&t is
true. But I do not think that he is a safe depos-
itary of those stern, rigid principles that ought to
govern in the management of the affairs of a great
empire.
Now, sir, these people get a compensation, as
41 state, beyond that of any class of people of the
same rank in the world—a greater amount of com-
pensation than any people of the same -capacity
m this country, or in any other, because the ca-
pacity of these people is very limited; exceeding-
ingly limited. All admit that they are fit for
nothing else, except some particular friends, like
my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.J He
thinks theyare fit for everything else. The gen-
eral judgment of the country is that they a£e fit"
for very little or nothing; else. They are very
good soldiers, and theyare very brave. 1 believe
that is the fault of our people. They are ready
to " put in," in their own fights or the fights of
anybody. In the judgment of our country it is
some disgrace not to be brave, and they volunteer
in anybody's fights. We agree to pay these peo-
ple so much, a handsome compensation, a great
compensation, and that when they died, as en-
couragement to stand by their colois, under those
circumstances we agreed to take care of their fam-
ilies for a limited time, by law. I agree to that. I
think that is a sound principle. I would give good
pay. I would pay a man as liberally as any man
on tins continent fordoing his duty m the deadly
breach; but I would fix it by law. I would fix
it beforehand, at whatever the nation thought
was vrise and just to its brave defenders, and
make it a contract. Do not degrade him by a
gratuity. .
" A pensioner is a term of reproach. It was
despised by the men of the Revolution—those
men who were real men, who weio sure enough
men, who were not shams, who fuught for the
liberties of this country. You had to let the mo*
die out before you even put a pauper on your pen-
sion roll. There is not a human being that got
one dollar for ins services in American independ-
ence from 1785 to 1818, that he did not bargain
for when he joined your Army—not a man. iSo
such rule was adopted. What he bargained for
he got. You did notgive him three hundred and
twenty acres of land until he had served three
years and completed it. if he lacked thirty days
of it, he lost it, and his children lost it. Go back
to your history, and you will find it. When I
firbt came into Congress, they put me into exam-
ing these small matters; and 1 find this to be the
state of facts. Your soldier of the Revolution,
who may have been present when the first gun
was fired at Lexington, and been p>f;s;>nt when
the last gun was fired at Yorktown, if ho had
survived through poverty, rags, and digress, until
1818, you never gave him one dime unless he
swore he was not worth $200. Tlidt is the very-
way vou treated the defenders oi the country.
Was "it poverty? It was not.
In 1318, your revenues, according to the pop-
ulation of the country, were greater than they
have ever been from that day to this. They were
then disturbed, as wf were three years ago, how-
to L't-t rid < f tli^m. Air. Jefferson proposed vari-
ous modes to change the Constitution. We did
not know how to get lid of them. We had too
much money. ^Vc had the greatest revenue, ac-
cording to population, that we have had from that
day to this. We had so much revenue that we
did not knowwhat to do with it. Poverty, then,
was not the reason. The men who fought the
bottles of the Revolution, to their honor, scorned
your gratuities. It was their degenerate sons
that ^tasted this'principle. It was the cowardly
lobble, that did not spring from their loins, when
they were dead and in their graves, that inaugu-
rated ihe system of pensions for past services. It
was not the people of the Revolution; it was not
their descendants.
1 recollect in the State that I represent where
every man was a soldier, beleaguered by Indians,
by tones, and by the British, on the very soil on
-vv'n'.ch 1 first saw the light, where every sod I
tr.^l upon had been a freeman's aepulcher, not
| one delegate from Georgia dared to vote for the
| act of 3818. One of the most eminent and dis-
| tinguished men in the country voted for it, and
i he was driven ignominously from the county in
| which I live. Every spot but that in my own
' State was conquered and under British dominion.
There the flag of England never floated an hour,
except in battle, when it trailed m the dust. Every
man was a soldier. There was no neutrality. All
were on the one side or the other. It was the
only place from here to there (unless you went
west of the mountains) in which at some time
British ascendency did not rule. Notwithstand-
ing all that, in 1818 a proposition to pension even
the old soldiers of the Revolution and Indian wars
received the condemnation of that entire people,
and they drove from Congress the man who dared
to vote for it.
Those were the days of the men who won^n-
dependence. Those were the days in which they
were living and voting, before they had died.
Many of them had died. But for thirty-five years
after the war, no man dared scarcely m this coun-
try to move it, and no majority could pass it. But
afterawhile, in the degeneracy of the times, when
men found it cheaper to praise courage than to be
brave, when it was cheaper to profess devotion
than to serve the people, when it became cheaper
to praise the virtues of their ancestors than to do
deeds worthy of the remembrance of the people,
then you commenced your pension system, and in
1832 was the first time you ever pensioned a per-
son. Independence was acknowledged in 1783,
and from the Revolution to 1832 there was an in-
terval of forty-nine years. Forty-nine years is a
long time. That generation has gone. Of all the
dead that lie buried on every battle-field in your
country, those who d'.d not survive forty-nine
years slept in their mother earth, and their spirits
went to their long account without any ot this
noble charity which is now given—to whom r
. Why, some time during the last war, some young
lieutenants on the Canada frontier, amid the gen-
| oral disgrace of the American Army, behaved well.
. The disgrace was general with these exceptions,
i In the fullness of years, perhaps of honors, they
• were gathered to their fathers as Abraham, and
; Isaac, and Jacob were_ before them. They paid •
, the debt of nature. Nobody hurt them. They ,
were harmless, never having hurt anybody dur- >
I mg the whole course of their lives. _ !
Senatois, however, say ihat this man is an old ,
I soldier. I hey get kind-hearted gentlemen like I
] my friend from Texas, who being •x soldier him- |
1 self has a good deal of the esptil du co'ps, and I
j who seems to think that evciybody wno ever f
j saw a musket ou^ht to have a pension, to speak j
! in their behalf. 1 do not condemn this eymt du j
j corps, but I want to guard thecountiy against it, ;
| because whenever you make the rule as general !
! as we ore making it, and have the revolutionary :
■ soldiers, and ail who fought for the couritiy pen- !
1 sioned, you will have the wonderful example of j
■ u whole nation pensioning itself. So the sons of :
i the men of the Revolution are called upon to-day |
! to pay for these grand services about which theie j
is a struggle every day to get the oppoi tunity of j
rendering. ,, , !
Take the case of Colonel Turnbuli, whom I j
have spoken of. He was as able, as distinguished,
and as honoiable a man as there was in the 1
Army, but he would not have taken $50,000 for
hid commission. He was right,'too. It was worthy
that amount in the maikeu The commission ot
a colonel m the Army is worth more than^ fifty
thousand dollars. For at six per cent.^if you
went to shaving, it would bring mote. T _n per
c/nt. is a pretty good shave, and at that,on gout:
security, it would bring ^,5,0^0. Look at your
Blue Book, and find what they get. Whatever it
is, you have agreed that tiiat is good compensa-
tion; and you tell them, if you fall in baiile we
will take care of your widow, ha* if you do iv>r,
we will j>ot. Are you going to change the policy -
Do > ou not give them enough: Is it nghr that
every officer in the Aimy of the United ^ States
should have his widow pensioned by the Govern-
! ment?
; My friend from Ohio seemr to have a strong
> single idea. He wants but one case—the pension
, to Airs. Jones. If ho can get Mrs. Jones he will
give up all the rest of the heroes. My it lend
1 'from Mississippi wants a pension foi the widow
of Colonel TunrbuU. 1 think he has got as good
a case as the Senator from Ohio. Theyare .both
good cases. They were both excellent men; bo,tfe
good soldiers; both accomplished people; but that
is not enough. There are a great many good peo*
pie, a great maqy honest people, a great many ac-
complished people, a great many patriotic people
who .have served the country well, and, in the
course of nature, have died. Now, I want the
rule put down to everybody. There is where I
stand, and I put it to every Senator if it is not «
good rule ? If the present pay is not sufficient
without this allowance to their families, put it be-
low it; strike out everything but the preamble, and
say that the widows of all the officers of the Army
of the United States shall have a pension equal to
the half pay of a lieutenant colonel whetherthey
die in battle or anywhere else. Then I will put
in the soldiers, for, afterall, I never knew of many
battles being won by the officers alone. They
generally get most of the credit; but, as far as I
have seen, somebody has got to do the fighting
and somebody the directing. I think great credit
belongs to the man who directs it well; but after
all, when itcomes to cold steel, you wantreal and
food men behind the muskets; and I know of no
attles where the fighting was not done by the
brave, courageous, and humble poor. I am almost
afraid to mention them here, because I expect a
great many people here'will think it demagog-
ism. That is the way they talk about it some-
times, but still I choose to stand by my own race.
I sprang from them, and I am of them; and, if I
have got no better reason for my task, 1 stand by
them for that reason. I think the soldier who does
his duty has as much right to a pension for his
widow as an officer. Why ;s he not included?
You may call him a general, or a colonel, or a ma-
jor, but
"A uiau*s a man for a' that.5*
Then I think if anybody's pay wants raising, it
is the soldier's. I never heard of a soldier getting
rich on his pay in the whole history of the world.
Take all the wars, from the creation of the world
down to this moment, and you will never find such
acase. I have known officers whom evil-disposed
people said did get rich on it, and there are a great
many of them in the United States who have done
so: but 1 never heard or knew of a soldier who got
rich on his pay, or left his widow lich by what
the Government-paid him. The difficulty with
him is, he spends all he gets, and dies in debt.
You put him in a charity hospital—that is what
you do with him; but you give ho officer a great
pension. All of them are distinguished gentle-
men. When one of their case* comes here, if he
was a general, and outlived his confederates, and
therefore got rank, that is all that will be neces-
sary. If a man dodges bullets, and can manage to
outlive other people, he can get at the head of the
Arm}*, and when he dies you may give his widow'
a^ood pension; butleta bullet strike a poor devil
of a soldier, let poverty overtake him, and you
send him up here on the hill. That is not just;
that is not right. Why should you do it ? Who
sent you here but the people ? Who fought your
battles ? Washington commanded and did his
duty, but the humblest man liuu did not turn his
back on the enemy did his duty too; and they
moistened the soil of every battle-field from Mas-
sachusetts to Georgia. "Where are their widows?
You cannot even gather them up. There is no
officer, no pay roll^to tell where theyare. I never
vet knew of an officer of the Revolution, of the
1 last war, or of the Indian wars, that you could
i not trace, but vou have great difficulty in tracing
soldiers They are the million; they have hardly
got an v name. Many of them were the sons of
nobody, and have nobody to look after them.
They iue generally people whom the world has
gone ill with. With many of them the world's
law Iias not been their mend. Nobody,cares to
trustthem. They are outcasts. When their time
is ur>, they wander over your country, houseless,
homeless,' with every sun setting upon them with
no change, and every day dawning upon new
misery until they reach theirfinal resting place in
the. poor-house. I believe more of them get pen-
, sions from getting in the poor-house than any
other way, because the overseers have got a habit
■ in some parts of the country, of looking up and
getting them a pension, in ojder to get them out
of the poor-house; and from being a charge on the
