1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'845
pressors and the oppressed—stand, as it were, at
the threshold of this body; their cause is before
us. "With the one is the " slave power," with
• its dark incantations, and the President and his
Cabinet, with their powerful spells of executive
patronage and party discipline—fearful odds! but
with the other are, and will be whenever and
wherever they can reach the question, the masses
of the people, with their instinctive sympathies,
their love of justice and humanity, and, more
than all, that spirit which was with our fathers
at the nation's birth, and first breathed into its
free institutions the breath of life.
I have said that Congress was to render its de-
cision; but we should also remember that there
is another and higher tribunal before which that
decision will go for adjudication and review un-
der our form of government—the last resort, the
source of power—the real sovereigns of the land,
who make and unmake Presidents, Senators, and
Representatives, and with whom the right will
eventually triumph.
Sir, to apply the Ithuriel spear of truth to the
President's special message, and expose the grave
errors of statement, the strange suppression of
leading facts, the partisan perversions and mon-
strous fallacies with which it abounds, and to
have a full appreciation of the real issue before
us, it will be necessary to trace back the history
of events for the last few years; and, although it
may fall upon our car like a thrice-told tale, I will
hastily glance at them.
1. The 30th of May, 1854, the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska were organized, and the
prohibition that excluded slavery therefrom, and
which had stood, ever since the admission of Mis-
souri into the Union as a slave State, an insur-
mountable, and as was supposed eternal, barrier
to the extension of slavery into the territory west
of the Mississippi, and north of 3G° 30', was re-
pealed. By tins legislation, Congress, in viola-
tion of good faith and honor—trampling upon the
compromise and compact by which tins broad do-
main, rivaling kingdoms and empires in extent,
fertility, and natural resources, had, m considera-
tion of the yielding of other territory to slavery,
and the admission of Missouri as a slave State,
been solemnly pledged to freedom by the legisla-
tion of the nation—disregarding the fact that the
South had reaped the full measure of benefits—ap-
propriated the entire consideration for this con-
cession to the rights of liberty, and, as I believe,
against the will of a large majority of the people
of the Union, overthrew this barrier, and under
the pretense of allowing "the people to govern
themselves" and " form their own institutions,"
opened wide the portals of this vast Territory—
the mother of future States—to the entrance of
slavery.
It was charged at the time that the professions of
''popularsovereignty'9 and "non-intervention" with
which that measure abounds, would prove to be
false pretenses," by which a rightful heritage was
to be wrested from free labor. The people were
warned thai the pretext put forth to cloak this
monstrous wrong, to wit: that {< the people of Kan-
sas should be left perfectly free to form their own in-
stitutions in their own way," to make their own
laws and constitutions, was a fraud and delusion;
that the whole scope and palpable effect of this
" new invention" was to open the door to the ag-
gressive spirit of slavery, and enable it, through
fraud and violence, its legitimate offspring, to plant
its destroying and oppressive system upon that
land of promise," to the exclusion of free and
honest industry. The startling events that have
followed in rapid succession, and the action of the
past Administration, and the policy and avowed
purpose of President Buchanan and his Cabinet,
afford confirmation strong as " holy writ" of the
truth of those predictions, (so far,at least, as the
Administration and its abettors are conccrned7)
and justify the verdict of popular condemnation
that'foilowed the consummation of this opening
scene in the fearful drama of wrongs which are
now sought to he crowned by an act unparalleled
save i'i the worst despotisms the world has ever
seen. When the present shailhavebecome merged
in the past, history will a/firm and record this ver-
dict of condemnation in characters that will never
die.
2. At the very first election held in the Terri-
tory, under the provisions of tins act, that sacred
source of popular power, the ballot-box, was dis-
honored and perverted by a horde of ruffians who
thronged the Territory from the bordering slave-
holding States, controlled the election, and sent a
Delegate to represent, not the real inhabitants of
this Territory, but the interest of slavery in the
halls of Congress.
3. The 30th of March, 1855, the so-called Ter-
ritorial Legislature, (the Council and Assembly,)
the first under the organic act, was elected by an
armed invasion from the slave State of Missouri.
Sotriei/ive thousand mm in martial array, with arms
and munitions of war, marched into this devoted
Territory, distributed themselves through the dif-
ferent election districts, and, with a ruffian bold-
ness that scorned concealment, openly avowed
the purpose of their invasion to be to vote, con-
trol the election of delegates, and make Kansas a
slave State. Everywhere the people of the Ter-
ritory—American freemen—were robbed by force
of the dearest rights; the elective franchise ut-
terly usurped; the laws defied; and these reckless
invaders, wielding the powers and franchises they
had plundered, without a show of authority,
elected the delegates to that Legislature. So com-
plete was the subjugation of Kansas, that not a
member of that pretended Territorial Legislature,
save one, was elected by the votes of the actual
inhabitants of the Teiritory.
4. The Legislature thus imposed upon the peo-
ple enacted the most tyrannical and barbarous
laws, worthy only of the darkestages; thefrcedom
of the press and of speech was cloven down; the
slave code of Missouri was adopted; and it was
made a felony for one to write, print, or speak
against the right to hold slaves in the Territory—
a State's prison offense for an American citizen to
deny or question its rightful existence there. By
odious test oaths and enactments, a vast majority
of the people were disfranchised, and the inhabit-
ants of other States allowed to vote. Under its
sway, crime, rapine, and murder, stalked abroad
at noonday unrebuked; the property,liberty, and
lives of freemen, our own people, were at the mer-
cy and sacrificed at the will of the banded ruffian-
ism that had inaugurated a " reign of terror," and
established its iron rule for the sole purpose of
fastening slaveryupon an unwillingand outraged
people. The then Administration, for the same
purposes, threw the whole power and influence
o? the Federal Government on the side of the op-
pressorsandagainsttheoppressed. ThePresident
declared that the Army and militia of the country
should be used, if necessary, to enforce the laws
of that Legislature—the mere creature of fraud,
violence, and usurpation; and United States sol-
diers were so used, to the everlasting shame and
disgrace of our country.
5. The people, oppressed by this insufferable
tyranny, and following the example of Michigan
and California, by their chosen delegates in con-
vention assembled, formed a constitution and
government, and asked to be admitted into the
Union as a State, without slavery. Their action
was denounced by the Administration as treason-
able and revolutionary, and their petitions spurned
with insults and contempt.
6. Subsequently, this illegitimate Legislature,
upheld by Federal bayonets, but repudiated by a
vast majority of the people of Kansas as an " un-
lawful tyranny," established over them by force
and fraud, passed an act providing that, m Octo-
ber, 1S5G, the people of the Territory should vote
whether a convention for forming a constitution
should bo called or not. The people refused to
acknowledge, by voting on this question, the au-
thority of this body that had, with a strong hand,
seized upon their rights. The masses stood aloof;
and but a small minority, composed principally of
the abettors of these flagrant wrongs—less, i be-
lieve, than one sixth of-the people of the Territory
—participated in the election. Upon their votes,
and by the exercise of powers it had usurped, the
Legislature—eomposedof the upper House, elect-
ed by the armed invasion of March 30, 1855, and
the lower House, clected m October, 1856, while
the free-State men werodisfianclnsed by the infa-
mous test oaths and enactments of the " body of
usurpers" who had trampled down their rights—*
on the 19th of February, J857, passed an act pro-
viding for the election of delegates to a convention,
to meet on the first Monday of September of the
same year, to frame a constitution for Kansas
preparatory to her admission into the Umon as a
State. This mockery of an election was held on
the third Monday of June, 1857, under regu-
lations prescribed by the Legislated thus estab-
lished, and to which the people* of Kansas hail
delegated no powers, and the very existence of
which was but a continued usurpation. In this
election of delegates to the convention a great
majority of the people refused to engage. They
would not consent to sanction, by voting, that
assumption of authority which, not eontent with
the tyranny already exercised, sought to perpet-
uate itself by con trolling the formation of the State
constitution, and thus force and fasten the insti-
tution of slavery upon the people against their
will. There were but some one thousand seven
hundred votes cast at this election, while the voters
of the Territory numbered from nine to twelve
thousand; thus did the electors of Kansas repu-
diate this election of delegates to a convention
they did not, and could not, upon any principle
of right, law, or free government, be required to
recognize.
7. Butfurther, half of the Territory of Kansas,
or rather more of her electors than there were votes
cast for the Lecompton convention, were by the
acts of the Legislature and the officers it had ap-
pointed, absolutely deprived of the right of voting
at the election of delegates to this convention.
By the law providing for the convention and the
election of delegates, thirty-four counties were
recognized as election districts, and it was by law
provided that in all of these counties a census
should be taken and the voters registered. This
duty was to be performed by the sheriffs and pro-
bate judges already appointed by the Legislature.
After this was done the delegates were to be ap-
portioned accordingly. In nineteen of these thirty-
four counties there was no census taken, and in
fifteen of the thirty-Jour counties there was no registry
of the voters. In more than half of the counties of
the Territory, there being no census, there could
be no apportionment as required by law, and in
fifteen counties where there was no registry of
voters, not a vote was cast, and not one could be
cast for delegates to this convention; the pecplc were
utterly disfranchised. These fifteen counties, Gov-
ernor Walker says in his letter of resignation, com-
prise many of the oldest organized counties in the
Territory, and contain more voters than there were
votes cast in the ivhole Territory for delegates to the
Lecompton convention. The sheriffs arid probate
judges were the creatures of the Legislature, and
neglected or refused to take the census or register
the voteis in these counties. A majority of the
inhabitants were free-State men,and to show con-
clusively that it was the intention to disfranchise
them, it appears that when the people in these
counties made a census and registry to supply this
omission of the officers appointed by the Legisla-
ture, and proceeded and elected delegates; those
who were thus chosen were refused seats in the
convention. Thus did this convention place the
seal of its approbation upon this disfranchisement
of the people.
8. This wholesale destruction of the elective
franchise, the President, in his last message, at-
tempts to ignore, by speaking of it as a mere
"omission to register the comparatively few voters
who were inhabitants of certain counties of Kan-
sas in the early spring of 1857," concealing the
fact that those "certain counties" were nearly
half of the counties of the Territory, and that the
u few voters" residing there outnumbered the votes
ca't in the ivhole Territory at the election of dele-
gates to the Lecomplon convention, as shown by
the vote of these counties at the Octoberelection,
held but a little more than three months after-
wards. The President also suppresses the fact
that the free-State men offered to waive their
rights, and submit to the humiliation of engag-
ing in this election, if the notoriously fraudulent
and partial registry of voters for the Territory
could be corrected and completed, and the ballot-
box protected from violence and fraud, but were
informed by acting GovernorStanton that he had
not the power to comply with these conditions.
If the President, in this message, had stated these
important facts, which no one on this floor will
attempt to deny, it would have shown the fallacy
of his statement that "this was the propitious
moment for settling all difficulties in Kansas,"
and exhibited the gross injustice of the Presi-
dent's charges" against the people of Kansas for
not engaging in tins election,
9. Both before and at the time of tho election of
