846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 24,
to the Lecompton convention, it was
understood by the people of Kansas that tlie con-
vention was only to frame a constitution and sub-
mit it to the people for their ratification or rejection.
Both the national Administration and territorial
government represented that it was to be so sub-
k mitted. Many, if not a majority, of the delegates,
at the time of their nomination, were instructed
to vote for a full submission of the constitution to
the people. The leading delegates to the conven-
tion, including John Calhoun,its president,gave
written pledges to the same effect. President Bu-
chanan, in his annual message, states " that he
took it forgranted that the convention would sub-
mit the constitution to the people," and says,
" hence my instructions to Governor Walker, in
favor of submitting the constitution to the people,
were expressed m general and unqualified terms."
Mr. Walker only accepted the appointment of
Governor of the Territory on the understanding,
with the President and his Cabinet, that the con-
stitution should be fairly submitted to the people
for their decision. He says, and his statement is
not questioned by General Cass, in his reply, nor
by the President in his last message:
" With these views, well known to the President and
Cabinet, and approved by tlieni, I accepted the appointment
of Governor of Kansas. My instructions from the President
through the Secietaiy of State, under date 530 th March last,
sustain the regularLegislature oftheTermory in assembling
a convention to fotm a constitution, and they express die
opinion nf the Piesident that4 when such a constitution
shall be submitted to the people of the Territory, they must
be protected in the exercise of their light of voting for or
agani3t that instrument, and the fair expression of the pop-
ular will must not be interrupted by fiaud or violence. I
repeat, then, as my clear conviction, that unless the conven-
tion submit the constitution to a vote of all the actual res-
identsettlers of Kansas, and the election be fairly and justly
conducted, the constitution will be, and ought to be, rejected
by Congress.'"
This was, in effect, a pledge made by Governor
Walker to the people of Kansas, loith the sanction
of the President and his Cabinet, that the constitu-
tion should be fully submitted to the people; and
that if it was not, the conclusion is implied—nay,
direct—that the Administration would not favor
the admission of Kansas under it as a State. How
has this understanding and these pledges boon
fulfilled by the convention and the President? On
this point the message is silent. Let the facts
answer.
10. After the October election of 1857, in which
the free-State men achieved an overwhelming vic-
tory, and the people pronounced most emphatically
against slavery in the Territory) the delegates pre-
viously elccted to the Lecompton convention, by a
meager pro-slavery minority, representing in fact
less than one sixth of the people of the Territory,
assembled, pursuant to adjournment. So well
did these delegates understand that they were not
the representatives of the people, and were but
the mockery of a convention, that it was with the
utmost difficulty a quorum could be kept in ses-
sion, and to protect them from the indignation of
the people, for whose government they were as-
suming to frame "this constitution," they wore
furnished, by the direction of the President, with
a body-guardcf United States soldiers. Thus that
convention, originated and forced upon the people
of Kansas by " unlawful authority," and there
held and sustained by Federal-bayonets, pro-
ceeded to produce this " misshapen monster," the
Lecompton constitution; and then, with shame-
Jess effrontery and a defiant disregard of the rights
of the people—in the face of pledges and repre-
sentations—refused to submit the constitution to
the people, but, by a partial and dishonest sub-
mission of one clause, sought by trickery and
fraud to rivet slavery upon Kansas.
The conditions of that submission were that
no one should vote upon the question of slavery or
no slavery, in the territory, unless lie would also
vote infaoor of the constitution, and if challenged,
take an oath to support it if adopted—thus dis-
franchising those who were opposed to the con-
stitution, and who, as it was well known, and
as was declared by the delegates who opposed
the submission, constituted a large majority of
the people of Kansas; for the submission of the
constitution was objected to on the ground that
the people who were to live under it, if adopted,
would vote it down. The enormity of those con-
ditions are the better appreciated, when it is un-
derstood that whether the vote was " for the con-
stitution with slavery," or " for the constitution
without slavery," it was a vote for slavery in Kan-
sas, as I will show by-and-by; and this pretended
submission of the slavery clause to the decision
of the people was but a mockery and fraud. ~
Further, this convention provided for the election
of State officers and a Legislature, and ignored the
officers, ministerial and legislative, just elected
at the territorial election, and also the powers of
the executive appointed by the President; and, j
by an unprecedented and unjustifiable exercise
of power, gave to its presiding officer, John Cal-
houn, (a chief among the border ruffians,) the sole
power to appoint commissioners in each county;
and they were to appoint the inspectors of elec-
tions in each district, who were to hold the elec-
tions, and make their returns to him, and he was to
count the votes, and declare the result. Thus this
convention vested its president with these unheard
of powers, and held the entire control of the ma-
chinery of the elections it had ordered—a signifi-
cant fact, when we also learn that this same body,
in its apportionment of representatives among
the several counties, indorsed the infamous Oxford
and McGee frauds, by which thousands of votes
were returned that were never given; and after
they had been thrown out by Governor Walker,
gave representatives to these counties, based on
these fraudulent returns, and elected the author
of these frauds a clerk of the convention by accla-
mation. On the last night of its session, the con-
vention also amended the schedule, by striking
out the word " citizen," and inserting " inhabit-
ant," in the clause defining who should be enti-
tled to vote—all prophetic of the frauds practiced
at the election of the 21st of December, when the j
slavery clause was voted into the constitution, and
large numbers of Jgissourians were allowed to vote
for the co7istitution tcith slavery, by swearing that
they were for the instant, while offering their
votes, inhabitants of the Territory.
Mr. Chairman, this instrument, thus originated
and presented, which upon its face establishes the
bondage of labor in Kansas, and if sanctioned by
Congress will drag her an unwilling victim into
the Union, as a slave State, is i( the Lecompton
constitution with slavery," which has received the
approval of President Buchanan and his Cabinet,
and which, by his special message, he urges upon
Congress. The people thus wronged and out-
raged are charged in this extraordinary document
with disloyalty, and with being " in a state of re- |
bclliou against Government;" while the usurpers
and conspirators, guilty of high crimes and mis-
demeanors against the rights and liberties of tiie
people of Kansas, are represented by the President
to be the iS loyal"and " law-abiding people of the
Territory." He, in speaking of their proceed-
ings, (which the whole country knows were con-
ceived in, and marked at every step by, fraud and
violence,) says: " It is impossible that any people
could have proceeded with more regularity in the
formation of a constitution than the people of Kan-
sas have done." Sir, I submit that the friends of
the Administration can offer no apology that will
j avail the President, unless they claim and insist ,
I that the " greatdclusion" with which the message !
! opens " pervades" the mind ofthe Executive, in- •
i stead of seeming to pervade the minds of the peo-'
j pie, as modestly charged by the President. The ,
; issue is thus made and pressed by the Adminis- ;
j tration, and it must and will be met.
! I have thus hastilyrecalled the brief but eventful ;
chapters of this history, yet fresh in the public I
mind, and presented a plain record of startling but i
unquestionable facts, that they may, with voices ■,
multitudinous and irrepressible, plead <e trumpet j
tongued" against this theatcncd act of fearful !
injustice and oppression—against the peril and |
strife, shame ana guilt, the Administration will >'
bring upon the nation, if it persist in this attempted, 1
and, if successful, utter subversion of the rights ;
of the people of a whole Territory, insuring the !
triumph of usurpation and slavery over our own '
brethren—American citizens. :
Sir, in the light of the facts I have presented, ;
leading to conclusions no logic can resist, and in j
view of the issues that cluster around this great ,
question, it rises to a magnitude far above all
.party considerations, and appeals to all with a ;
voice it would be criminal to disregard, to come ^
upon the common ground it opens, of stern re-
sistance to the infliction of this overshadowing
wrong upon the people of Kansas—this impious J
denial of the vital principles of human rights,;
which underlie and uphold our entire system of i
free government. With overwhelming force does
it appeal to the supporters of the " Kansas-Ne-
braska act." They struck down the barrier
against which the waves of slavery had dashed*
only to be broken and hurled back. The batrier
that held this Territory, with its broad prairies
and rich fields, its luxuriantproductiveness and re-
sources, a home for the children of free-toil farm-
ers, mechanics, and laborers, who would make
it nature's workshop for free and honorable in-
dustry—the Titan architect of national wealth
and greatness—was by them demolished to make
room, as was claimed, for the application of a
principle, " popular sovereignty," " that the peo-
ple of Kansas should be left perfectly free to form their
own institutions in their own way. That the people
of Kansas shoxdd be left free to decide whether they
would have slavery or not; free to make their own
constitution
They who comprise the party that elevated this
Administration to power, pledged their faith, the
nation pledged it§ faith, and by the Nebraska-
Kansas act guarantied to the people of this Ter-
ritory the right to exclude slavery, and the right
to frame and decide upon the constitution under
which they are to live... Shall this faith be vio-
lated and these pledges broken ? The Lecompton
constitution establishes slavery in Kansas; but
this constitution has never been ratified, but is
condemned and repudiated by the voters of the Ter-
ritory. It is not the people's handiwork; and the
convention that framed it derived no powers from
the great body of the people of Kansas. They,
by the election of October last, decided against
slavery, and in reality against the constitution;
and, at the election on the 4th of January ultimo,
the people branded it with their disapprobation and
abhorrence.
Sir, although I was opposed to and still con-
demn the " Kansas-Nebraska act" for its repeal
of the " Missouri compromise," believing that
the freedom of these Territories should not have
been thus periled; but since it is the law, the
supporters of that measure are required, by the
clearest teachings of honor and good faith, and
by the strongest dictates of justice, to redeem
their pledges, and see that the people of Kansas
are secured the right of excluding slavery and of
deciding upon the adoption of the constitution
under which they are to live. For them to aid m
forcing slavery and the Lecompton constitution upon
Kansas, against the expressed will of the people,
would famish an example of shameless treachery
to professed principles, hardly equaled in the po-
litical annals of our country. Therefore I respect
the distinguished Senator from Illinois and others,
for maintainingagainst their party mid the Adminis-
tration the rights secured to the people of Kansas
by this act. But, sir, the people cannot respect,
but will condemn, an Administration, and the
party which supports it, that thus in the face of
the nation, standing upon broken pledges and for-
feited faith, wields its powers to force upon a por-
tion of our people an oppressive form of govern-
ment, and institutions at war with the humanity,
civilization, and Christianity of the age.
The President says in his annual message:
i: I trust, however, the example set by the last Congress,
requiring that the constitution of MmnefOta 'should be
subject to the approval and ratification of the psople or the
proposed State,' may be followed on future occasions. I
took it for granted that the convention of Kansas would act
in accordance with this examole. founded as itis cm correct
principles; and hence my instiucuons to Governor Walker,
in favoi of submitting the con>titution to the people, weie
expiessed in geneiai and unqualified terms."
Congress, by its action, required the constitu-
tions formed for Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Or-
egon to be submitted to the people for their rati-
fication or rejection. This practice, the President
says, is founded on " correct principles," and trusts
it may be adopted on "future occasions." If this
be so, then is not he acting, and would riot Con-
gress be acting, on incorrect principles to force, or
even admit, Kansas into the Union under the
Lecompton constitution, without submitting it to
the people for their decision; and if he trusts this
practice will be followed on future occasions, why^
does he not favor its application to this occasion;
if it is proper and desirable for the future, it must
be for the present. There never can be a case
where all of the facts and circumstances, together
with justice and right, will more imperatively de-
mand the application of the " example set by the
last Congress, requiring that the constitution of
