mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
-town they got them on the Treasury. If they are
so unlucky as not to get in the poor-house, no-
body will look after them.
I think the widow of a man who died in your
■service is very illy provided for. The widow of
the man who died in battle, the widow of a man
who dies even in your service,* is much worse
provided for than the officer. The officer gets
ample remuneration, not only in money, but in
rank and position—general position—the desire
and honorable ambition of every honorable mind.
The soldiers have nothing but hard work and
cold steel; and therefore the difference, 1 think,
iain their favor. I shall vote for Colonel Turn-
bull, because I believe him to be the most merito-
rious man in the bunch of the whole lot. I think
he is more so than General Jones; more so than
General Gaines; more so than any man putupon
this bill. As for Commodore Perry, I suppose
he may as well go on as another. He went to
Japan, and I believe we only gave him $20,000
for the operation. We ought to do something for
Mm, I suppose. He was a very honorable gen-
tleman, and a good officer, I believe. I never
knew of anything special that he did. In the Gulf
of Mexico he did his duty. I do not choose to
disparage any of these men. I do not go off into
heroics about what they have done. I am giving
history, and I am endeavoring to give justice,
without resentment to anybody. I do not intend
to be run away with by senatorial speeches about
every man being the greatest and grandest and
bravest man that the world ever saw. It is not
so—not a bit of it. They were very common
people when they were living; they were very
respectable and very honorable, but as for being
marked above their fellow men, the fact with most
of them is that their distinction grew out of their
rank, which they attained by longevity, and the
pay the Government gave them. That was the
greatest distinction they had. •
Therefore, I say, include every officer that is
named on this bill, and then, when Senators get
through with the favored class, when you get
through with the officers, I will try you with the
men, and see if they have got any friends here,
like the widows of gentlemen of eminence I ad-
mit, of purity I admit, of great services I admit,
of great wants I admit, because I believe a man's
wants increase with his means. Give a man
#5,000 a year, and he will manage to spend $7,000.
That is my experience, and I believe that is the
case with everybody. The more you give him
the worse it is. I could live, fifteen yeais ago,
better on $] ,500 a year than I can now on $15,000.
That is the history of our race.
This whole thing of pensions had been fixed by
law before men entered into the service, and every
one of these men, no matter how great his merits,
ought to stand upon the law of the land, and there
is not one of these cases within that law. I would
make this exception: whenever you have got a
case within the principle, 1 would vote fora pen-
sion. I do not object to every man being pen-
sioned; but I shall never vote for anothec pension
on a new principle as long as 1 live and keep my
present opinions; but when yon establish a certain
principle of law beforehand, and you show mean
exceptional case, where a man is fairly within its
equity, or where, from some difficulty, he cannot
show the proof, and I believe he has got a case,
I will put him on, but upon the avowed principle
that he is within the equity and principle of the
law. None of these cases aie. I believe' that
nobody pretends that General Gaines, who died
at a ripe old age—eighty or one hundred, I do not
know which—died from any wounds. I do not
believe that General Jones did. I do not believe
that General Jones was in active service since
he was engaged on the Canada frontier, about the
year 1814. He was a most excellent, brave, and
honorable gentleman. He lived in quiet for over
forty years before death claimed its own, as it
does from all of us; and that is a good long lease.
He lived for about forty years after the last war.
I think there is nothing in all these.
Then, I say, these cases not being exceptional,
or within the principle, they are naked gratuities
which I cannot support or vote for. I shall vote
to put everybody in as good position as they are,
both officers and men, and then vote against the
whole.
Mr. STUART. The honorable Senator from
Georgia, I am happy to say, has spoken in re- j
markably good humor himself, and has neces- I
sarily induced equal good humor on the part of
the Senate. But for that, I should not have ven-
tured to say a word in reply. I will say now, if
my honorable friend—if he thinks half as much
of me as I do of him, he will not object to my
calling him friend 
Mr. TOOMBS. I acknowledge the relation.
Mr. STUART. I only want to inquire whether
the honorable Senator ever has considered, in the
whole course of his argument, the very great dif-
ference of opinion that Senators entertain ? Wo
man can reason more logically than the honor-
able Senator from Georgia does on his premises;
but the difficulty is, that very many Senators do
not agree with his premises.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will tell my honorable friend
I am quite certain of that. I would be a fool if it
haa not been beaten into me by this time.
Mr. STUART. Take the comparisons the
Senator has instituted. He says no pensions
were asked in the days of the Revolution, while
those heroes lived; that they themselves were
opposed to it; and that at the present day the great
mass of the officers who get into the Army get
into it by favoritism, and are utterly worthless,
and therefore want pensions. Now, sir, there is
the reason that answers the proposition. There
were other concomitant circumstances undoubt-
edly. There was a time when the country was,
or was supposed to be, poor. It is true that there
are many in the Army who ought not to be in the
Army. That, let me say to my honorable friend,
is the very reason why lam opposed to his prop-
osition for a general law. I know of no general
law by which you can exclude those under our sys-
tem. If you had an arbitrary Government, where
the Emperor was often upon the field, where,
observing the man, he has unlimited power to
promote hiin, then having no officers but those
of merit, you might adopt a general law which
would pay them alike. But here, as my honor-
able friend says, the system is one of grade; and
the man who lives the longest gets the highest
grade and the most pay, and it would never do
to adopt that principle.
I was in the position upon another subject that
my honorable friend is with this. When we had
all this senatorial eulogium upon the Navy, I
was on the other side. I thought we had done a
thing which was meritorious to the country. My
honorable friend disagreed with me. Ho was of
a different opinion. He entertained his opinion
as conscientiously as 1 did mine.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to put the gentleman
right. I will state the diffeience between you and
me. I held that no freeman should be tried for a
crime in this country, without being brought face
to face with his accuser. That is the point I
made, and I shall stand there as long as I live.
Mr. STUART. I disagreed with my honor-
able friend on that question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know yo,u did.
Mr. STUART. I did not think any such con-
tingency had arisen; he thought it had. That is
; the very question I am discussing, that men differ,
I and necessarily differ, in opinion. I have all the
feeling that the Senator has so eloquently por-
trayed for those who spring from the mass of the
country, and I can say everything he has said in
regard to my own associations with them. I sub-
scribe fully to his maxim that
" A prince can make a belted knight,
A marquis, (luke, and a' thai;
But an honest man's ahonri Ills might,
Guid faith he raauna fa5 that."
I was saying that on that occasion I differed
with the honorable Senator. I thought an essen-
: tial service had be'en done to the country, and no
injury to the officers of the Navy. The conse-,
quence of the whole action has been that having 1
traveled up the hill and then traveled down again,
we are vastly worse off than when we started,
and beyond a remedy. We have talked about
courts-martial. We have had them, and they
have ended in a farce. Each time the President
and Secretary have sent to us returns, they state
that they could not examine the reports of the
courts, and had not done so, but just indorsed
what they did, and here we are.
Now, sir, here is a question upon which gen-
tlemen differ. I am among those who believe it
is better to select the cases where great merit is
attached to the officer in his lifetime, and do that
thing which would lie nearest his heart, ifhe could
utter a voice from the grave. Sir, if there is any
feeling of an earthly character which, more than
all t^hers, is paramount in the bosom of an hon-
est and honorable man, it is to provide for the
family that he leaves behind him—his wife and
his children. They have been his companions
in life; they are those from whom he departs most
reluctantly when he goes to visit his Maker.
Entertaining these opinions, believing that it is
better to discriminate, to make these selections in •
regard to meritorious officers, and to make this dis-
tinction in this way rather than by a general law,
I vote for cases which come, in my judgment,
within that class. The Senator differs with me.
No man argues his side of the case more ably.
If I thought with him, I certainly should vote
with him; but differing with him in the premises
•he assumes, necessarily I differ from him in my
votes.
Now, a single word in regard to the suggestion
made about amending this bill. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] was correct in the state-
ment he made. No appropriations are put upon
this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is the same thing.
Mr. STUART. Not at all, I beg my friend's
pardon. It simply places them on the pension
roll.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask my friend, if we put
them on the pension roll, ana give them money,
is that an honest getting around of the rule ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir. I make it with re-
gard to that suggestion. The objection made by
the Senator from Ohio is, if the bill has these
amendments putupon it, that necessarily, by the
rales of the House, it must go to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TOOMBS. So it will.
Mr. STUART. But I say this class of cases
does not involve that necessity. It is simply a
question, after the Senate make the amendments,
whether the House will agree to them. I wish,
in this connection, to remark—I say it with all
respect—that I do not agree with those gentlemen
who think that we ought to leave all legislation
just as the House makes it. I think it is just as
much within our power and our duty to amend
any bill we choose, and as we choose, as to ori-
ginate one here and pass it. I do not agree to the
argument, so often resorted to, that because a bill
comes from the House we must not amend it.
We should amend it, if the judgment of the Sen-
ate says it ought to be amended. I could say
much more on this subject; but I confess I am
rather anxious to pass this bill, and I hope we are
drawing near the vote.
Mr. PUGH. Let us have a vote on the amend-
ment. The yeas and nays were demanded on
adding these amendments to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that they have been ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is another amendment now
in order ?
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to the amendment is now in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have one to oiler.
Mr. MALLORY. I have a report to make
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection the Chair will receive the report from
the committee of conference.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
460) gran ting an invalid pension to Benah Wright,
of New York; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY presented the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the tu'o Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 199) making appio-
puations for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859, report, that after full and free conterenee,
they have agreed to recommend and do lecommend, to their
respective Houses, as follows:
'Xliat the Senate Uo recede from Us first and fifth amend-
ments.
That the House do recede from its disagreement to the
second and third amendments of Lite Senate.
