THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ihgfe'oanty; they defied it, and protested that they
;oVdy asked drawback and no bounty. Drawback
•a"nd riot bounty w&s alt Congress intended to give.
A. brief abstract of the several acts on'the sub-
ject O'f fishing allowances will show that such
Was the intention of Congress as expressed in the
acts themselves. I shall-not weary the patience
of the Senate by going over those acts, but will
presents brief summary of such phrases in each
of the acts as will establish the position I assume,
irrthe first tariff act passed by the First Congress
of the United'States, on the 4th of July, 1789, a
duty of six cents per bushel was laid on imported
salt. The fourth section of the same act granted
five cents for every quintal of dried, and every
barrel of pickled fish, or of salted provisions, ex-
ported to'fo'reign countries, and declared that this
allowance was made, to use the language of the
act, " in lieu of drawback of the duties on the im-
portation of the salt employed and expended therein."
Thus it appear?? that the duty exceeded the allow-
ance in lieu of drawback by one cent per bushel
of salt; and the fishermen afterwards complained
that they did not really get an equivalent for the
drawback;'that the Government was still their
debtor for something more than they had re-
ceived. The reason of this assertion was that
they said it required a bushel of salt for each quin-
tal of dried or every barrel of picklcd fish; and
that, as they had paid six cents a bushel on import-
ing the salt as duty, and received but five cents per
quintal of dried, or barrel of pickled fish in return,
they did n^t receive the full amount of their draw-
back.
The act of August 4,1790, made stringent pro-
visions, requiring full proof that the fish or pro-
visions had been exported, and had been cured with
foreign salt thai had paid duty, before the drawback
was paid. The act of August 10, 1790, doubled
the duty on salt, raising it from six to twelve
cents; and doubled the allowance on the fish or
provisions exported, raising it to ten cents per
quintal and ten cents per barrel; and declared, to
quote the language of the act, that this was done
ik in lieu, of a drawback of the duly oil the salt e.c-
pended thereupon
[Jp to this period of time there can be no dis-
pute—there is no ground for disputing the asser-
tion, that drawback and not bounty was all that
was granted by Congress; but then the system
was changed on the petition of the fishermen them-
selves. By the act of February 18, 1792, the al-
lowance was shifted from the shipper, or exporter
of the fish to the owner of the fishing vessel, and
from the exported fish to the tonnage of the
vessel. This was done, at the instance of the
fishermen themselves*, and 1 will read a brief ex-
tract from one of their memorials in order to show
what they expected to get, and what they asked.
They said " that the bounty granted to the fish-
ery by Congress"—they called it bounty, and I
am amazed to find the term bounty is frequently
used in the law, although according to the strict
import of the term, inappropriately—'<us a com-
pensation for the duty on salt, will not operate to
that effect so effectually as if paid direct into the.
hands of the owners of the vessels, instead of the
shippers of the fish."
in pursuance of this and other memorials Con-
gress shifted the allowance from the shipper of
the fish to the owner of the fishing vessel, allow-
ing so much per ton for each ton of the vessel em-
ployed m the cod fishery. It did not give, or pro-
pose to give, however, anything more than the
drawback.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that?
Mr. CLAY. On the 18th of February, 1792.
The amount of the allowance on the tonnage was
regulated by the quantity of salt consumed m
curing the fish. It was said that each quintal of
fish required a bushel of salt, and it was estimated
that the average quantity of fish taken to each ton
would be twelve, and therefore the duty multi-
plied by twelve gave the allowance per ton to each
vessel employed m the cod fishery. Now, it will
be remarked, and may be urged in argument on
the other sideof this question, that this tonnage
allowance varied with the size of the vessel, and
hence it may be maintained that really more was 1
given in the way of tonnage allowance than had
boon given in the way of drawback on the ex-
ported fish. But, in reply to that assertion, it
will be found that the tonnage allowance, although
it may have exceeded somewhat the drawback on
the larger class of vessels, fell below it on the
smaller vessels more than it exceeded it on the
larger, and thus in the aggregate, as alleged by
the advocates of this law,- the Government prob-
ably paid out less in the way of tonnage allow-
arice' than it-did in'the wny of drawback. Be-
sides, there was a maximum aggregate allowance
fixed by law, which could not be exceeded, al-
though falling short of the duty paid by the vessel
on the salt it consumed.
The advocates of the act of 1792 maintained
that the Government, as well as the fishermen,
would save money by the change proposed. I
will read a brief extract from the gpedch of every
advocate of the fishing 'bounty in 17-92, made in
Congress, in" order to show what they intended,
or professed to intend, in the enactment of the
law. Mr. Goodhue, of Massachusetts, on the 3d
of February, 1792, speaking of the objections to
the existing mode of paying the allowance in lieu
of drawback to the shipper or exporter of the fish,
said:
" The object of the piesent bill is only to repay the same
money into the hands ot tlio>u peisons who are immedi-
ately concerned m catching the 15-=h ; and there can no rea-
sonable objection be made to such a ttansler of the draw-
back, as Government will not lose a. single dollar by the
change. The gentleman t'lom Virginia [Mr. Giles] talks of
the unconstitutionality of granting !?ounties ; but no bounty
is requned. We only ask, in another mode, the usual
diawoaek for the &a!t used on the fish. It'we can make it
apporu that the bill docs not contemplate any greater sums
to he drawn from the Tieasurythan are already allowed,it
is to be hoped that no further opposition will be made to
the mcasuie ; and that tins is really the case, can be proved
by documents t'rum tho Treasury office."
And then he read a statement and calculation,
to prove his assertion, and to show that the Uni-
ted States would piobably save a thousand dol-
lars per annum by making the proposed change.
Mr. Ames, of Massachusetts, said on the same
day:
<( Though the whole is intended for the benefit of the fish-
fiy, abort: one louith or'what is pud is notso applied: theic
l.s a heavy io-ss both to Government and the IMieiy. Even
what is jcud on the cxpoit i.s neatly lot>t money ; the bounty
is not paid u!I the <upoitation, noj then, till six' months have
elapsed ; wbesoa^, the duty on -salt i* paid before the fKh is
taken—it is paid to the expoiter, not tu the fishermen. The
bounty H so nuUiect that the poor IKheiman loses sight of
it. It ts p ud to swell pi-r°-on«. in such places, and at such
peuod.s, as to disappoint its good effects; passing tlmmgh
so many hands, and paying so many pronts to cach, it is al-
most absmbed "** v " * * V A *
" Yet, instead of asking bounties, or a remission of duties
on the article consumed, we ask nothing but to give us our
money back, which you received under an engagement to
pay it back, m case the article should be exported." * *
k< The diawhack falls near nine thousand dollars shortof
the salt duty received by the Government." * > >
a Wo re'y on the evidence befnteyou, that the public will
not fcustam the chaige of a dollar."
Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, said on the same
day:
"Jtis now pioposed to make a Anther commutation;
gentlemen call this a bounty on occupation; but is there any
proposition made for paving to the lishormen, or other per-
sons concerned m thelwheiy, any sums which we have not
previously teceived ftosn them ? If this were the case, it
would indeed be a bounty, hut if we beforehand leceive
fiom them as much a  the allowance amounts to, there is
no bounty granted at all." * * * * * *
"The only question now is, whether this be a direct
boiixiiv. oi aimpiy a commutation of the allowance already
granted by Congress.
Mi. Livermoic, of New Hampshire, said on
the Gth of February, 1792:
c: ft' gentlemen ate disputing only because the word
k bounty > is in the bill, they nmv be peifectly relieved fiom
their ;in<'a>nu'^ on thai score; for the bill evpiessly says
'thatthe bounty now allowed upon tin? exportation ot dued
| fist),ot the fisheries oftho United Su'tcsshall eoa*e, and in
Jieu theieol'.'a diffetem kind of encouragementto be given.
! Here is no leasou to depute about a word, l! gentlemen
a.e disposed to consent to the pimciple ot' the bill, that the
diawuack of the dunes on >a!t shall be commuted for a cer-
tain bum. to eneouiage the fishermen, they will vote in favor
of the bil'l; it not, they wdl vote agamstit. Butir is impos-
sible foi me to conceivc why any gentleman under heaven
should be against it." * * * * *
" it does not lav a farthing of bounty or duty on any other
persons than those who are immediately concerned in it.
It will seive them, and will not injure anybody."
Mr. Lawrence, of New York, said:
" Fiom examining the section, lie conceived it contem-
plated no more than what the moiehant is onntled to urulci
the existing law-:. The meieh.int is now entitled to the
dtaw back, but u is found by expoi ience that tiie effect has
not been to pioduce that cucouiagcment to the fisherman
it was expected; and he presumed the wav was perfectly
clear to give a new duection to the diawhack : and this it-
all that is auueri at in the bill.
Mr. Madison, of Virginia, participated in the
debate; and I wish to call particular attention to
his remarks, because, in the recent resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Maine, he is npoken
of as one of the fathers of this system; and it is due
to him to vindicate him from the reproach of be-
ing the advocate of bounties. On the other hand,
he coitfbatted, in an elaborate and able argument,
the dockine of the " general welfare," then first
put forth by General Hamilton; and he supported
the bill expressly on the ground that it was a mere
computation of drawback, but no bounty. Mr.
Madison said:
" I think, however, that the term bounty is in every point
of -vif w improper, as it is here applied, not only because it
may bo offensive to som«, and, in the "opinion of others,
carries a dangerous implication, but also because it does not
express the ttue intention of the bill, as avowed and advo-
cated bv us patrons themselves. Fo  if, in the allowance,
nothing more is proposed than a mare reimbursement of the
stun advanced, it is only paying.a debt; and when we pay a
debt we ought not to claun the meiitof gtauting a bounty."
Mr. Bourne, of Massachusetts, said:
(i The object of the fiiat section m tins bill is intended for
the relief of the fisheimcn and their owner?. They com-
plain that the law now in foice was meant for their benefit,
by granting a diawhack on the fish exported ; this they find
by experience is not the ca-^c, for th.'y ^ay that umber the
fishermen who catch tno ijsli, nor the importer of the salt,
receive the drawback; and 1 rather suppose, sir, it is the
case."
Thus I have quoted from every speech in favor
of this tonnage allowance in 1^92, all of which
corroborate my assertion that the purpose avowed
by the advocates of this system was to secure a
drawback and not bounty; that they all repelled
the charge of seeking bounty, and protested that
they demanded justice, but sued for*no favor. In
compliance with this understanding this act was
passed, and every subsequent act which was
passed upon the subject expresses in itself the
same purpose. Thus the act of May, 1792, in-
creased the duty by substituting for the measured
bushel of eighty-four pounds the weighed bushel
of fifty-six pounds, and added twenty per cent,
to the fishing allowance. The act of July, 1797,
increased the salt duty to twenty cents a bushel,
and added thirty-three and a third per cent, to
the allowance. The act of April, 1800, contm-
uedthiaallowance forten years, which would have
expired in 1800 by the limitation of the last act
of 1797, but continued it on this express condi-
tion:
" That said allowances shall not be understood to be con-
tinued for a longer tunc than the eoirespondent duties le-
speetivcly, for which such allowances were granted, chall
be payable "
The act of May, 1807, repealed the duty andthe
allowances. At the time that act was passed,
•scarce a word was said in defense of the fisheries;
all the resistance was against the repeal of the duty,
because the advocates of the fisheries seemed to
take it for granted that if the duty were repealed
the allowance would be repealed, as a mutter of
course. They aH regatded it, as it really was,
but au incident of the salt duty, deriving its exist-
once from the salt duty, and necpssarily dying with
the salt dtUy. The act of July, 1813, revived the
duty of twenty cents a bushel on salt, and gave a
drawback of twenty cents on pickled fish, and a
proportionate bounty on tonnage. The act of
March, 1819, increased the bounty. A change
of the tonnage allowance always followed every
change in the salt duty. It originated with the
salt duty, rose with the salt duty, perished with
the salt duty, was revived with the salt duty, was
increased with the salt duty, and has been con-
tinued with the salt duty; but has not been re-
duced with the duty.
Thus, sir, upon the face of the acts themselves,
I think it is perfectly manifest that the purpose of
Congress wastograntadrawback, but no bounty.
In respect to these tonnage allowances, I find that
in 181G, when a resolution was offered for their
repeal, Mr. Reed maintained that the tonnage al-
lowance was not equal to the drawback, lie
stated that though it might exceed it on some -ves-
sels, m the aggregate it fell short of the drawback.
Such was perhaps the fact.
The fishermen themselves always understood
and construed the law asgivingdiawback and not
bounty. After the repeal of the salt duty and the
allowances m 3807, many of them came to Con-
gress with memorials praying to be paid the al-
lowance, on the ground th.it they had purchased
salt, and paid duty on it before the repeal of the
law; and in some instances the vessel had been cast
away or the salt landed in a foreign country from
their vessels wrecked. In each and every instance,
it will be found that they treated the allowance as
