1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
198$
a mere drawback or commutation of the d lawbook !
of the salt duty. Forcxample, here is the memo- j
rial of several persons residing in Portsmouth, in
which I hey say:
Th° FfiH employed by said vcsrfols in said voyages had
paid iho highest duty on that article, for they sailqkwith aU
then halt oil i)oy,rd, nearly swo months before the emfy was
leduccd at all. Aft the allowance vva^ twprcbsly granted in
consideration of the duty, the full allowance i< duo, t *thc
full cUnj had been paid. Justice would snv that, having paid
the duty Without any diminution, they ought to leceivc the
allowance Without any diminution.''
Here is the petition of others, of the town of
Killingworth, Connecticut, in which they say:
" Your petitioner®, however, believe that the chcum-
Ftances heroin leiated bung them within the rpirit of the j
l;nvallowing a bounty; that the saltsmtm c<ufi vessel ha>,
in fact, been cvpoitcd. And youi peuiioneis cannot per-
Ftiade themselves that it was the intention of Cormier to
allow the bounty only to the foi tunate. The revenue is no
more injured m'tiiis? ea^o than ni othei cases where a bounty
is l^ceived ; and the fi-hctnien sent out m the vessel have
been employed m the fishery for the whole period required
by law."
I might multiply these illustrations of the con-
struction of the fishermen themselves, but will
rest with these. All of thinn show, however, that
they regarded this as an allowance in lieu of draw-
hack, as nothing more than drawback, and no
bounty.
Such has been the construction of the Treas-
ury Department from the time of Mr. Hamilton
down to that of Mi'. "Woodbury; for in all their
annual reports you will find that they exhibit the
proceeds of the salt duty m this manner: first,
they show the aggregate number of bushels im-
ported, taen the aggregate number exported, then
the allowances to "the fishing vessels; then they
convcit those allowances into bushels of salt at
the existing rate of duty, and subtract them from
the gross number of bushels imported, and then
give the result as t'hc net amount of salt-paying
duty.
It appears, then, by the language of the acts
themselves, by the arguments of the advocates
of those acts,'by the memorials of the fishermen
praying for those acts, by the construction of those
acts by the fishermen, and by the construction of
the Treasury Department, that Congress gave, or
intended to give, and the fishermen asked, or pro-
fessed to ask, nothing more than drawback, and
no bounty.
But, sir, what is the fact at this time ? Instead
of merely receiving drawback, they now receive
a large amount ot bounty. This has resulted from
the reduction of the salt duty, without uiy corre-
spondent reduction of the tonnage allowance. Up
to 1830, to which time the salt duty was twenty
cents on the weighed bushel of fifty-six pounds,
which was equal to about thirty cents on the
measured bushel of eighty pounds—up to 1830,
if they received anything mote than drawback, it
wa.d, probably, an inconsiderable amount; but,
in that year, the salt duly was reduced fiom
twenty to fifteen cents per bushel: in 1832, to ten
cents; and, by ibe eonipromiso act of 1833, a pros-
pective scdlc'of reduction was made, under which
it sank to six ninety-eight one-hundredths m 1840;
and at this davit amounts to only about two cents
per bushel. "The difference between the dtaw-
back which would be due, and the bounty which
is received, may be estimated by multiplying the
number of bushels of salt, allowing twelve to
the ton by the duty, and subtracting it bom the
amount paid out. i have done that, and have
prepared a table exhibiting the tonnage of the
vpsscls engaged in the cod fisheries, the allowance
paid them, fhe sums due as drawback, and the
excess of bounty over drawback for the period of
ten years past. I shall not trouble the Senate to
hear it all; but will append it to my remarks.*
[See note at the foot of next column.] I Will call
the attention of the Senate to four periods of
time, equi-distant, to show what has been the
operation and cfiect of these laws within the last
ten years. In 1848, the tonnage was eighty-two
thousand six hundred and fifty-two tons; the al-
lowance paid to the fishing vessels, $243,434; the
sums due as drawback at the rate of duty paid
at that time, §22,811; the excess of bounty over
drawback, $220,622. In 1851 the allowance paid
•was §328,267; the sum due as drawback at the
rate of duty then existing, $25,193; and the excess
of bounty over drawback, $303,074. In 1854, the
tonnage was one hundred and two thousand one
hundred and ninety-four; the allowance,$374,28G;
the sum duo as drawback, §i31,-261; and the ex-
cess of bounty over drawback, $343,000. fn 1857
the tonnage reported was one hundred and four
thousand five hundred and seventy-three; the al-
lowance paid, §001,453: the sun due as draw-
back at the existing rate of duties, §29,233;-and
the excess of bounty above drawback, $572,219.
The average tonnage per year for ton years past !■
was ninety-three thousand seven hundred and Ij
eighty-two; the average allowance to the fish- j
erles, $323,046; the average sums due as draw- j!
back, $26,612; the average annual excess of boon- j
ty over drawback, £,292,433; and the aggregate j
excess of bounty over drawback nearly $3,000,000 !
—*•2,964,33(5. Thus it appears that the eilect of
these laws has been widely different from what 1
was intended by Congress in pasr.mg them, and ;
what was supposed or expected bv the fislu rmcu I
and their advocates. Thus it appears that the :
reason of the law has ceased. >'
Mr. TOOMBS. What part of the whole salt b
duty did they absorb? '•
Mr. CLAY. At this day, and during the last ;
ten years, instead of realizing simply a drawback i,
of the dutv on the salt consumed by them in the jj
fisheries, they have realized all the salt duty, and |'
not mily'ell the salt duty, but for several years
more than the salt duty. This, however, is not i
a full exhibit of the tax'of this system on the peo- i.
pie of the United States, because I have estimated !'
the drawbacks due the fislieiies upon the hypotli- [
esis that they imported all their salt, whereas e
the manufacturers of salt in Massachusetts tell us h
that they supply the larger pait of what is used ,
m the fisheries. It is predicated on the fiuther ;
hypothesis that they consume twelve bushels of i
salt to the ton, or in other words, that they catch [
twelve quintals of fish to the ten; whereas Mr. [
Zeno focudder, formeily a Representative in the.
other House from the Barnstable district, the
largest fishing district in New England, which
has received more than two million dollars in I
the shape of allowance and bounty, said in Au- i
gust, ]S52, in the other bianch of Congress, that ;
they averaged but nine quintals to the ton, instead
of twelve. If he was correct, we should add
twenty-five per cent, to the excess of bounty as it
has been estimated by me.
Nor, sir, Joes that"exhibit fully the tax upon
the Government of the United State s in suppoil
of these fisheries. You must take into consider-
ation the cost of collecting' and disbursing this
bounty—estimated by all political economists at
not lfs's than two per cent.—and langtng from two
to thirty: but, putting it down to thelowest amount
on the j.600,000 paid last year, it is no inconsid-
erable stun. Nor does this exlnbitall the taxof
this system; for you must remember that there
have been revenue boats employed for a series of
years, partly in order to watch these fishermen
and prevent their committing frauds upon the
Treasury, and their violation of the laws legislat-
ing the eo(i-fish"ries; and that there have been
foiirievenue cuttersemp'oyed partly for the same
purpose, at an annual expense of abonr eleven
thousand dollars each, stationed upon the coast
[Xnle rclcrrcd to m p OL'i'd.ng column.]
l7\'1h t" / ii iin:' the tonnage of rCACf's in '" c cod
ihhei the alio .Manes p u 1. q fiOi.t Sold to i8,>7:
Yeais.
C t£ o
5^-3
'£ ~
Z •/'
£ "v
'is. 1}
c £
B
c 1%
c '£-f
1848 
8-2,6 ,V2
&J43AZ4
*->•>>11 9,3
§230.622
i849 
73.SS2
Q.a*<.b"4
LU.eoy 66
2t>3.794
18,"0 
8-3,646
28i>,70'j
S22.2U7 36
26}.4 88
1*51 
87.476
.'-JJ8.267
25,J?3 08
3'>3.07 i
18.32 
102.659
WM r '59
2ti .8.3,3 ,39
277,713
18",3 
99 990
yi,8l7 41
298.y.3!
l y,-  i 
101191
374,->6
31,!3UL 36
3-3,021
JfsVi 
'Mb, 1 Hi>
:^V:84 ^
31.3.7 12
i:s 1,0.70
20,^10 09
1O.3.3.I0
1857......
101,573
601,4.33
20,033 61
572 219
Ten years
037,836
^3,2.^0.^08
,<2:6,1;M IS
£2 064.336
Average tonnage per year, fur tea years 6 ,
■ase aUownuce per j eai, for ten years J3"}e.niO 30 ■
■aye i>um due a> diawb.u-k, pei yeai  2j_G12 -10
ol'bnumv" over (turnbacks, per
Aver;
Averai.
AM'iaire exci'^   -   .   „
yeat, tui tell \ v:i\ -...     CO
Agnrecatc f\.of bounty over ittaU'liacK. in
laot ten years   2,961,3Jb 00
employed at the instance of the collectors in the
the mouth of the Rio Grande inclusive, we have
but nine employed. My attention was directed
to this, and on inquiring at the Treasury Depart-
ment the reason, I learned that some of tljesesu-
permimeiary cutters and revenue boats had been
employed at the instance of the collectors' in the
fishing districts m New England' to watch the
fishermen and prevent their violations of the law.
1 have the evidence at hand to exhibit when thrs
charge is controverted. Thus we pay the fisher-
men bounty for catching cod, and pay officers and -
men of revenue cutters and boats to see that they
do their work honestly, and do not defraud the
Government.
Now, Mr. President, why shall not these laws
be icpealed ? I show that the inducements to the
laws—if revenue, or commerce, or seamen were
the inducements—no longer exist. I show that the
■ reason of the law has ceased to exist; I show that
• the effect of the law is what was never intended
or expected or desired by the fishermen. I show
! that they realize a bounty, and it behooves their
| advocate to show the authority of Congress to
' grant it. I deny that we have any such power
i under the Constitution; I challenge the citauon of
that clause of the Constitution which warrants
. bounties, or the citation of any express grant
of power to carry out which these bounties are
indispensably necessary. On the contrary, I
. maintain that this power is plainly forbidden in
several clauses of the Constitution, as well as by
the whole spiritof thatinstrumentand the theory
of our Government. The Constitution declares
that -'direct taxes shall be apportioned among the
several Mates according' to their respective numbers;"
that " no capilalion nr direct tax shall be laid unlets 1
in propoitinn to the census;" and that " all dalles,
impo'tand excises shall he uniform throughout the
'^'Jniled States."
The clear intent of all these clauses was to pre-
vent Congress from imposing greater burdens, or
conferring greater benefits, upon some States or
some classes of citizens than upon others, and to
secure justice, equity, and equality in the collec-
tion anil the disbursement of the revenue of the
Government. Now, sir, suppose a bill for direct
taxation were pending before this body, and a mo-
tion were made to exempt the citizens of Maine
and Massachusetts from its operation, or from the
imposition of a tax upon any single article, say
their salt, proposed to be collected in the other
States of the union: Senators of the other twenty-
nine Htates would revolt at the proposition; and
even the Senators of those two States would coil-
cede that it was grossly unjust, if not unconstitu-
tional. Suppose a tariff bill were now pending,
and it were proposed to permit the people of Maine
and Massachusetts to import their goods free of
dutv, or mtiely to impoit their salt free of duty,
while exacting duty at the other poi ts of the Uni-
ted States. Tills, too, all would conccde, would
be unequal, unjust, and unconstitutional.
; WheiPin lies' the difference in principle or effect
between the two cases supposed, and that which
exists. True, the people of Maine and Massa-
chusetts pay a duty on their salt, hke other peo-
ple, but then you refund them that duty, not as
drawback, but as bounty; notuponexported lish,
cured with foreign salt, but upon all the fish that
they catch, whether consumed at homo or ex-
ported to foreign countries. Yea, you not only
■' pay them all the duty received from them, but you
; give them all the duty received from everybody
. else. Yon refund them their $26,000 paid as
; duty on salt, and superadd §292,001) collected oft'
! other people as duty upon salt. You give them
i twelve hundred per cent, more than they pay in.
i For every dollar which they put in the Treasury
i as a duty upon salt, you return tliam twelve and
\ a half tlollai s.
: Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand the argument of the Senator. Will he al-
low me to ask limi a question i
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Do I understand him to
press his argument in reference to the unconsti-
tutionality of the bounty, or whatever it may be,
as founded on the unequal operation of it?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir; partly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, lean only say
that I do not understand that argument as a legal
■ one; that because an act operates unequally, ergo
1 it is unequal m view of the Constitution.
