1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■847
Minnesota should be subject to the approval of
the people of the proposed State," (nan is now
presented by this attempt to force the Lccompton
constitution upon the unwilling people of Kansas
in the very face of these " correct principles."
It cannot be denied but that every step m the
proceedings by which this constitution was pro-
duced has been accompanied by fraud and vio-
lence. The people protestagainstit; they demand
the right of deciding for themselves as to the con-
stitution they will present to Congress. And yet
the President and his Cabinet would deny them
this right—withhold from the present and reserve
for future occasions the application of these " cor-
rect principles," that Kansas may come into the
Union bound and ironed with the Lecompton con-
stitution with slavery. The action of the Presi-
dent's at war with his precepts. The truth is,
the people of Kansas have already decided against
this constitution, and it should not be received
nor considered by this body.
The reasoning of the President, in his special
message, against requiring conventions to submit
their work to the people, comes in conflict with
the sentiments of the foregoing extract from his
annual message, and with the now universal prac-"
ticc of all the States; for not a single State of the
Union is now governed by a constitution that has
not been submitted to, and received the approval
of, the people who live under it. Why should
Kansas be made an exception, against the wishes
of her people? No answer can be given, except
that the Administration is determined Kansas
shall be a slave .State.
The Lccompton convention, by section seven of
the schedule, provides that " before this constitu-
tion shall be sent to Congress, asking for admis-
sion into the Union as a State, it shall be sub-
mitted to all the white male inhabitants of this
Territory for approval or disapproved;!) and then the
strange provision follows in the schedule that all
of the ballots cast shall be for the constitution
with slavery, or for the constitution without sla-
very; allowing the people to vote to approve of
the constitution, but refusing to allow them to dis-
approve of it; permitting the people to vote if they
will vote as the convention desire. This is, in-
deed, a new form of submission—an invention
worthy of border ruffianism. Butagain, the Pres-
ident says in his annual message, and repeats it in
his special message, without even alluding to the
objections that show the utter "folly of his state-
ment/5 that the slavery question has been (by this
schedule) "fairly and explicitly referred to the
people." It is indeed strange that the chief Execu-
tive of the nation should, in the face of facts known
to the whole country, commit tins grave error, for
it is perfectly clear that this issue is not "fairly
and explicitly submitted to the people." The
constitution contains provisions for banks, for
grants of lands to railroad corporations, the qual-
ifications of officers, and the perpetuity of slavery
even though it is decided against—each a matter of
the first importance, in regard to which people hold
different opinions; and yet, in order to vote upon
the slavery clause, they must, as a condition pre-
cedent, vote to approve of the constitution in ail of
these respects; whether they ar.e opposed to these
provisions or not, they are compelled to vote
against their views upon other points in order to
vote upon this one point. It is an abuse of terms
to call this a fair and explicit submission of the
slavery question.
But it is a still stronger, and an unanswerable
objection, that whether the vote was given for the
constitution with slavery, or for the constitution
without slavery, it was still a vote to establish
slavery in Kansas. If the " constitution with
slavery" was adopted, then of course slavery was
established. If the "constitution without slavery"
is adopted, it still exists, for section seven provides
that the " rights of property in slaves now in the Ter-
ritory shall not in that event be interfered ■withii1 and
section fourteen, which provides that the constitu-
tion shall not be amended until after 1864, also pro-
vides " that no alteration shall be made to affect the
rights of property in the ownership oj slaves," and in
order to have voted for the " constitution without
slavery," the person thus voting would have had
to vote for these two cluuies, which make slavery
perpetual in Kansas. It was so regarded by pro-
slavery men, as appears by an extract from a vio-
lent pro-slavery paper.
"It is cleai that the pro-slavery party have completely
outwitted Walker and Stanton and tlic whole Black Repub-
lican party ; and that, after all, Kansas wiH apply to Con-
gress tor admission as a slave State, with a pro slavery con-
stitution." * ■* * ** " Butsuppose they (the
Black Republicans) do vote, and by their vote exclude the
article concerning slavery from the constitution, will sla-
very be abolished m Kansas? The Times contends that it
will, and quotes to prove it the foHovviu? clause in the con-
stitution piovidiug for this contingency." * * *
The Times prints in laige capitals the words,' And no
slavery shall exist m the State of Kansas,' and tii^n con-
tinues the words, which follow in small italics,c except that
the right of property in slaves now in tins Tenitory shall in
no manner he interfeied with.' Now, if the ngiit of prop-
erty in slaves now m this Tenitory shall in nomannor be
interfered with, how is slavery abolished ? It not only ex-
ists, but here is a guarantee that it shall be in no manner
interfered with. We have not a doubt that the fiist part of
the clause seemingly abolishing slavery was inserted for the
b-nefit of just «uch people in the North as the editors of the
Washington Union. It will give them a small plank on
which they may stand in practicing the juggling feats of
humbuggery, whilst the prohibition m the latter pan of the
ciau-;e secured to the pio slaveiy party substantially Kan-
sas as a slave State."— Charleston (South Carolina) Mer-
cury, November 26.
Thus have I shown the unfairness and injus-
tice of this pretended submission, and I ask how
could freemen be expected to indorse it by voting
upon a proposition thus presented ? The Consti-
tution of the United States provides, that Con-
gress may admit new States into the Union. It
vests Congress with a discietionary power m this
respect, full and unlimited save by the restriction
contained in the same instrument. And, although
proceedings taken in a Territory for the formation
of a constitution may not have been authorized
by an enabling act, but have emanated from an
actual Territorial Legislature,ordirectlyfrom the
people themselves, yet Congress may, notwith-
standing theirinvahdity, receive and entertain the
application and grant or refuse the petition as the
circumstances may require; but it is the imoera-
tive duty of Congress, especially when there has
been no enabling act, to see that the people are
consulted and that the constitution proposed has
received their sanction. To use the words of At-
torney General Rutler, m his opinion in the Arkan-
sas case, "And as the power of Congress over
the whole subject is plenary and unlimited, they
may accept any constitution, however formed,
which, in their judgment, meets the sense of the peo-
ple to be affected by it."
Ko one will claim that the Lecompton consti-
tution meets the sense of the people of Kansas.
It is apparent that it was contemplated that the
new State was to ask for admission, and that it
was for Congress to act on the proposal, consent
to or refuse it, as should be most proper. But it
never was intended that Congress, on the appli-
cation of a small minority, without an enabling
act, or with one, should drag a Territory into the
Union as a State, under a constitution^gainst the
wi'l of the majority. It is well known that this
constitution is repudiated by the people of Kan-
i sas; they protest against admission under it.
j What an abuse and usurpation of power, then,
i would it be on the part of Congress, to approve
of the Lecompton constitution, by compelling the
admission of Kansas under it as a State! The
proposition should be met and repudiated at the
very threshold.
It has been claimed by some, and is now as-
serted by the President in his message, that the
" organic act" for Kansas contained provisions
which made it equivalent to an enabling act. This
is too palpable an error to need refutation. The
language of the organic act, the action of Con-
gress in reference to it, and the fact that very
similar provisions (except as relates to slavery)
are contained in the acts that established theTer-
ritories of Minnesota, Michigan, &c., show that
it is impossible to construe it into an enabling act.
Hence it follows that the Territorial Legislature,
if valid, had no power to call a convention to form
a constitution, or do any other act destructive of
its territorial organization; and in this respect,
therefore, it must be admitted that this was an
illegitimate convention, and without authority. It
is now asking Congress to clothc its unauthorized
act? with authority, notwithstanding the indig-
nant protests of the people whose rights it has
usurped. Mr. Buchanan, speaking in reference
to the application of Michigan to be admitted as
a State, and of the powers of Territorial Legisla-
tures, says:
"No Senator will pretend that their Territorial Legisla-
tures had any right whatever to pass laws enabling the^
people to elect delegates to a convention for the purpose ot
forming a State constitution. It was an act of usurpation
on their part." '
In this connection there is another view of the
subject which, of itself, should be conclusive.
There has been no enabling act. It must be ad-
mitted that the Lecompton constitution lias not
been^ ratified by the people. The results of the
elections show, and it is well known to the whole
country, that a large majority of the people are
not only opposed to it, butabhor and detest it; and
will, if forced upon them, openly resist it.'' The
admission of Kansas under this constitution is
asked for but by a small minority. All of the
proceedings from which this constitution origin-
ated (even if they had not been forced upon the
people) have no validity only as Congress shall
clothe them with authority. The issue is thus
presented: whether Kansas shall be by Congress
forced into the Union with this constitution?
Whether Congress will give the minority author-
ity over the majority ? These issues must be de-
termified in deciding this question. There cannot
be found an instance in the history of our Gov-
ernment, where there has been nofenabling act,
and the constitution has not been approved by the
people, that Congress has admitted a State into
the Union under a constitution to which it was
even alleged that the people to be affected by.it,
were opposed, much less when it was ascer-
tained and known that the people had condemned
and repudiated it by a large majority. And shall
this practice be now departed from, and this new
and dangerous precedentestablished for the pur-
pose of fastening a constitution with slavery upon
Kansas? Sound policy and patriotism, and the
spirit of our free institutions, alike forbid it.
Sir, the President in his message says that Kan-
sas is now " as much of a slave State as Georgia
or South Carolina;"nnd then gravely argues, that
if Kansas is admitted under the Lecompton con-
stitution, the people can immediately thereafter,
by the Legislatuie submitting the question to
them, call a convention, change the constitution,
and prohibit slavery. If this were true, it would
not justify Congress in compelling the people of
the Territory to submit to wrong and oppression;
but none should be deceived by this pretense of
the President. The Lecompton constitution de-
clares that the right of property in slaves "is before
and higher than any constitutional sanction." It
also provides that it shall not be amended until
after 1864; and also declares " that no alteration
shall be made (in the constitution) to affect the
rights of property in the ownership of slaves."
If those provisions which make slavery perpetual
could be disregarded, strtl it would be impossible
for the people to alter the constitution, and pro-
hibit slavery, for many years to come^cxcept by
force and revolution; for section fourteen provides
that the constitution can only be amended by the
Legislature submitting, by a too thirds vote of each
House, the question of calling a convention, to
the people. The members of the Senate are
elected for four years, and of the Assembly for
two years. According to the latesf reports, Cal-
houn will, through the grossest frauds—by false
returns and manufactured votes—declare the pro-
slavery Governor and State officers, and also
more than a third, if not a majority, of pro-slavery
delegates, elected to both branches of the Legisla-
ture; but a minority of more than one third in
either House, or the Governor's veto, can defeat
all attempts to submit the question of a conven-
tion to the people. It is therefore clear that noth-
ing can be done within the pale of this constitu-
tion to throw it off or prohibit slavery for the next
four years; and then, in addition to the way hav-
ing been opened for the introduction of more
slaves, a perpetuation of the frauds hitherto suc-
cessful would insure the same result, and Kan-
sas would lie prostrate at the feet of slavery.
The President asserts that the iejection of this
"constitution with slavery" would be keenly felt
by the fourteen slave States of this Union; but
that the speedy admission of Kansas under it
would restore peace and quiet to the whole coun-
try; and that he could then withdraw the army
from that Territory. Sir, the army is now there
without light; the people do not require it; and
the President should at once withdraw it. The
maintenance of a United States army in Kansas,
which has been used to suppress the rights and
liberties of the people, and to support the usurp-
ations of their oppressors, who had in view the
