848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
establishment of slavery in Kansas, against the
will of the people, has cost the Government nearly
five million dollars; and although the people have
been loyal to the Constitution and laws of the
United States, yet the President has now there, for
the same purpose,two thousand four hundred sol-
diers', at the yearly expense of more than two mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars; while against
the Mormons of Utah—a Territory containing
more inhabitants, and in a state of open rebellion
—the President has sent an army of but eighteen
hundred men. Sir, to force this constitution and
government upon the people of Kansas, would be
to require a whole community of our citizens to
bend to usurpation and tyranny as insufferable and
degrading as that against which their fathers and
ours, at the threshold of the Revolution, pledged
their fortunes, lives and sacred honors; and I be-
. lieve, sir, it would meet with alike resistance and
fate. Instead of peace and quiet, it would produce
strife and discord. It would involve a.contcst
which I hope the wisdom and patriotism of Con-
gress will avert, by allowing the people of Kansas
to framethefr own laws and constitution.
Sir, at the election of the 21st December, the
slavery clause was voted into the constitution, not
by the people of Kansas, but by illegal votes and
false returns. Legal investigations have shown
that at Oxford, from which there were returned
some one thousand votes, there are but forty-two
voters. Shawnee, from which there were re-
turned twelve hundred, has butforty legal voters.
From Delaware Crossings there were returned
some four hundred votes, and it has only forty-
three voters. AH of those frauds, and others, were
for the constitution with slavery, and were reen-
acted on a more extended scale at the election for
State officers and members of the Legislature, on
the 4th of January last. Is it claimed that the
free-State men should have voted for the consti-
tution without slavery ? I have already shown
they could not, without voting for slavery and
taking an oath to support it if required; for, in
either shape, the constitution would establish sla-
very in Kansas. The people were only allowed
the privilege of deciding whether the master should
raiso or import his slaves, it would have been
folly and madness for the people to have bowed
to this tyranny, and thrown themselves into the
power of those who had destroyed the security
of the ballot-box and the sanctity of the laws—
who sustain their authority by fraud, violence,
and crime.
Sir, at the election held on the 4th of January
last, ordered by the Territorial Legislature, and
recognized by the President, as appears by Ins
orders to Governor Denver, the people, by an ad-
mitted majority of nearly five thousand over the
vote for the constitution of the 21st of December,
but throwing: out the three thousand fraudulent
votes then returned, by a real majority of more
than eight thousand, pronounced against this con-
stitution, and it now stands a thins? condemned and
repudiated by the electors of Kansas. They have
spoken through the ballot-box, and their verdict
of rejection is branded upon this instrument in
characters as ineffaceable as the mark that was
placed upon the brow of Cain.
In view of these facts and results, Congress
should at once pass an enabling act, providing for
a convention, and the formation of a constitution
by the people of the Territory, subject to their
approval. This is the only true and wise course,
and would be but an act of simple justice to the
deeply-wronged people of Kansas. Let her not
be dragged into the Union, crushed byoppression,
and compelled to wear the symbol.-- of bondage
and shame; rather let her come of her own free
will, and be welcomed into the sisterhood of
States, arrayed in the white robes of freedom,
and chanting the sublime hymn of liberty.
I had hoped that the Administration would
recede from its position, and refuse longer to
sanction the appalling frauds and wrongs that have
thus far produced and accompanied these pro-
ceedings which had in view the subjugation of
Kansas to slavery; but the policy avowed by the
President!!) his special message forbids this hope.
Unmindful,of the disapprobation of the people,
and their fast gathering indignation, the Admin-
istration and its supporteis bow in abject obedi-
ence to the mandates of the colossus of slavery,
that seeks to bestride the nation.
Sir, the honorable member from Georgia, [Mr.
Gartrell,] and the honorable member from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] while claiming for slavery
a Divine orijrin, and in speaking of it as a social
and political blessing, said that the constitutional
rights of the South must be maintained at all haz-
ards, and that to do this, Kansas must be admit-
ted under the Lecompton constitution as a slave
State, or the Union would be endangered. Sir,
does the maintenance of the constitutional rights
of the South, and the preservation of the Union,
require that we shall, by Executive intervention
and congressional legislation, force upon the great
body of the people of a Territory a constitution
and rulers they repudiate and institutions they
loathe ? Does it involve an atheistical denial of the
common and God-derived heritage of freemen ?
This is not the maintenance of rights, but the ex-
ercise of attributes which belong to tyrants and
despots only; and as such will be resisted until
the love of liberty and all reverence for the faith
of our fathers shall be extinguished. The Con-
stitution and the Union can never be made the
dishonored instruments for the accomplishment
of such objects without destroying: the high pur-
poses for which they were established.
Sir, in the very midst of this discussion, and in
the face of these arrogant claims, the great fact
stands boldly forth, breaking through and tow-
ering above all artifice and sophistry, too clear
and plain to be denied or even questioned, that the
people of Kansas, in the most solemn manner, and
with the forms prescribed by law, have, by an
overwhelming majority, declared against this con-
stitution,and against the system of slavery it seeks
to rivet upon them.
Notwithstanding all this, the Administration,
unvaihng to the gaze of the nation its devotion to
the interests of slavery, hastens, with the power
and influence of the Government it controls, to
complete this daring and infamous conspiracy; and
urges Congress, at the risk of civil strife and blood-
shed, to force not only this constitution, but State
officers and the institution of slavery upon the peo-
ple of Kansas against their expressed and recorded
will. Sir, this attempt will awaken a just spirit
of retribution; its success would arouse the whole
land, and call forth a response from the ballot-box,
i compared with which the uprising of the people
of the free States at the presidential election of
1856, would be but as the whispering of the sum-
mer winds to the loud wail and fearful blasts of
the awakened tempest.
Sir, I will not further detain the committee on
a question when the path of duty is so piai.:; the
real issue from which there is no escape, and the
admitted facts on which that issue stands, to-
gether with every consideration of right and pa-
triotism, all demand justice for Kansas.
Mr. Chairman, I have uttered my convictions
in no spirit of unkindness. None would rejoice
more than myself to sec the harmony and brother-
hood of the olden time restored; but it can never
be done through injustice and oppression, nor by
bending the powers of the Government to the ex-
tension of the institution of slavery—the " bond-
age of labor," the palpable evils and destructive
tendencies of which are written in legible charac-
ters on every soil darkened by its presence, and
which wars against all of the vital ideas and great
truths that are embodied in, and uphold our free
Government. It can only be accomplished by re-
turning to the principles which secured that unity
of feeling and concord of action; the policy, in this
respect, of the very founders of our free institu-
tions, the fathers of the country—Washington,
Jefferson,Madison,and their associates—who, as
if inspired with wisdom from on high, laid strong
and deep the foundations of our civil superstruc-
ture. They all endeavored to limit and restrict
this system of bondage, and looked forward to its
final extinction. Their teachings and their voices
entreat us not to tluow from the nation's heart the
worship of freedom, but to maintain in the action
and policy of the Government the integrity of the
principles they inaugurated, and which alone can
j give us success and perpetuity as a nation.
| Let us, then,return to the policy and keep the
j faith of our fathers, and clinging to the 44 wealth
; of glorious memories'5 that bughten the pages of
our country's history, and the still greater "wealth
of more glorious hopes'' that crown her future
with a beaming and radiant bow of promise, we
may hopefully invoke the guidance and protection
of a kind and beneficent Providence for our com-
mon country. " Length of days be in her right
hand; and in her left, riches and honor; may her
ways be the ways of pleasantness, and all her
paths be peace."
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, since the
passage of the Nebraska bill, I have sought ntf
opportunity hero to enforce the views, respecting
the power of Congress over the Territories, which
I then took occasion to express. I have had in-
ducement, and even provocation, enough to do so.
My arguments have been repeatedly replied to,
and, indeed, the whole subject has been almost
incessantly discussed by gentlemen whose views
differ from mine. To be sure, this has been done
with uniform courtesy and kindness to me. In
my somewhat isolated position, I appreciate it,
and I shall return it. But I have been content to
be silent. I knew that the time would soon come
when the correctness of my views would be shown
by results. That time has come already. It was
fully accomplished in the late decision of the Su-
preme Court; and now, sir, standing here, in the
midst of predictions fulfilled and forebodings real-
ized, lean look back on the events of the past two
years, and feel that no part of the responsibility
for the disturbed state of the country rests upon
me; and that, if my views and opinions have had
any effect at ail, they could have none but to allay
the discontent of the North, and to*moderate the
too hasty exultation of the South.
The defense of the Nebraska bill has sometimes
betrayed southern gentlemen into the expression
of what I deem very erroneous views and opin-
ions. I regret that even the clear and excellent
speech of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Curry,] yesterday, is not altogether free from
exception in this respect. Some of these views
I propose to notice and to combat, as not merely
erroneous, but mischievous. The subject is likely
to be one of great practical importance in our pro-
posed legislation for Utah,as well as for Kansas
and the other Territories.
It is pleasing to me to know that my difference
with my colleagues, and many others of my south-
ern associates, has never been one of doctrine or
principle. All that they approved, I approved.
All that I disapproved, they also disapproved.
The question between us simply was, whether
what we approved or what we disapproved was
contained in the bill? It was, for the most part,
a question of interpretation or construction; and
upon this, almost the sole point of difference be-
tween us, I take leave to remind them that a large
majority of the Democratic party agree with me
and differ from my colleagues.
I know, sir, that scarcely anything could have
reconciled them to the support of the Nebraska
bill but the promised repeal of the Missouri com-
promise. But what was the course of Congress
upon it? That compromise was denounced, on
the one hand, as unconstitutional and invidious;
it was defended, on the other, as constitutional
and right. It would seem, then, that the only
thing that Congress could properly do, was either
to repeal it, or let it alone, as the one or the other
sentiment prevailed. But, strange to say, Con-
gress would do neither.
Either, sir, would have avoided the mischiefs
which followed the passage of the Nebraska bill.
Had Congress simply repealed its own law of
1820, the former state of things would have re-
vived. It would have fixed the condition of the
Territory by its own solemn act, and have left
nothing to be determined by the inhabitants. It
is true that some violence would have been done
to the prejudices and sentiments of the majority
of the northern States. Perhaps, sir, their presses
would have been lavish of complaints, and an
anathema would have been now and then hurled
against the authors of the act. But, Mr. Chair-
man, from the constitution of our nature, men
never quarrel long or fiercely upon mere points
of speculation and theory. They may differ ever
so much, but their differences are hat mless when
! they are confined to matters of abstract opinion.
| A controversy about the existence of an atmos-
i phcre around the moon will haidly ever lead to
] blows. It is only whon opinion is to control con-
j duct, when something is to be acted upon as well
! as talkcJ about, that contention becomes eager
I and fierce.
I This, then, was the grave and fatal error into
j which Congress fell. 1'hey apparently believed
i the Missouri prohibition to be unconstitutional;
