1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. Spinney-—a custom-
house officer.
Air. CLAY. Well, sir; the custom-house of-
ficers of New England are a very corrupt and de-
praved set, if what the Senator says be true; for
it is the common testimony furnished by most
of them, atid not furnished for this occasion, but
through a series of years past; and 1 am not will-
ins: to think so badly of his constituents a-s he
himself seems to think.
Now, Mr. President, I say, if it be true, as al-
leged , that the cod fishery is the peculiar nursery
of seamen, it imposes upon the advocates of that
opinion a response to the question: how it hap-
pens that the merchantmen, or the whalers, of a
thousand or more tons, of more complex rigging,
of twenty or more sails, of sixteen or more yards,
making voyages of twenty thousand miles or
more, spending years of " business in the great
waters, "arc not as good*schoois for seamen as the
cod fishery, which employs schooners or fishing
smacks of sixty-five tons or less, which are en-
gaged but four months a year in cruising around
the coast or islands of New England, or on the
banks of Newfoundland 5 The framers of these
laws did not regard them as the peculiar nurs-
eries of seamen, ne'ther did they design by the
laws to make them the nurseries of seamen. Tins
is shown by the language of the acts from which
1 have read, but it is further evidenced by these
facts: all these allowances were contingent on the
salt duty which they always accompanied; they
are always found in the salt acts, and not in the
fishing code. We have a code regulating the
fisheries quire as old as the Government; and if
they were intended to be fostered as nurseries of
seamen, there would be the proper place to find
these bounties; butyoufind them always a nnexed
to the salt duty. The condition of the a'lowancc
was the quantity of fish caught and exported
which had been cured with foreign salt. The
same allowance, up to 1813, was made to the ex-
porters of salt provisions, of beef and pork. Can
it be supposed that Congress intended to raise sea-
men out of the farmers of the West? Can it be
expected that Congiess intended to nurture sea-
men of those who never went to sea ? This prop-
osition at once shows the absurdity of contend-
ing that these laws were intended as the nursery
of seamen. It imputes to their framers the folly
of the fond mother who advised her son not to
go into the water until he learned how to swim?
Moreover,it will be found that-all these laws were
for brief periods—the longest of them extended
only for ten years, the next for seven years, and
several of them but for two years. Did Congress
expect to tram a nurseiy of seamen in two, seven,
or oven ten years ? Lastly, all these laws jpphed
to foreigners as well as citizens of the United
States up to 1817. For thirty-odd years this
bounty or drawback was paid to foreigners as
•well as natives or naturalized citizens. No dis-
tinction was made. At this day, the law does
nut exclude foreigners, for the word used is " per-
sons," and not citizens; and at this day, as tes-
tified by the collectors to whom i have referred,
and by the papers from which I have just read,
and which I will not trouble the Senate with read-
ing now, many of those persons employed m
these fisheries are foieigners. They represent
that they can get foreign fishermen for the coast
or banks of Newfoundland for a much lower price
than seamen at home, and they go out and em-
ploy them there.
But, sir, we are told r,1 at the fisheries cannot
live without this bount-v .Suppose that to be true:
is it the duty of Congress to foster any occupa-
tion which cannotsupport itself? Whence do we
derive the power to become almoners of public
charity, and to provide for those who cannot take
care uf themselves? But, sir, any one who has
examined the table appended to the report which
1 had the honor to submit some time ago, will see
that, according to the reports of the fishermen
themselves, this, "so far from being a languishing
business, ought to be very flourishing. Jn com-
pliance with a law of Massachusetts, the asses-
sors of the several towns in past years have been
required to return the capital invested, the men
employed, and gross proceeds ot every occupa-
tion \v itlun the State. I find that in 1837 they re-
ported the vessels employed m the mackerel and
cod fisheries at one thousand two hundred and
ninety, the tonnage at seventy-six thousand and
eighty-nine, the hands employed at eleven thou-
sand one hundred and forty-six, the capital in-
vested at $2,683,176, the aggregate value of the
proceeds, $>3,203,559, making one hundred and
nineteen per cent, of gross proceeds upon the cap-
ital investedl In 1845,1 find thatthegross proceeds
exceeded one hundred and nineteen per cent, upon
the capital invested ! In 1855,1 find that the aver-,
age per ccnt. of gross proceeds was nearly seventy- J
six per cent. After deducting fifty per cent, for i
expenses, yet it yielded an average profit of thirty- j
eight percent.; and after superaddingto thisdeduc-1
tion of fifty per cent., sixty-three dollars for each !
man employed, (which Mr. Scudder says is all that1
they got,) still the average amounts to nearly
twenty-one per cent.: and after allowing $100 per
man in addition to the discount of fifty per cent,
of the gross proceeds, still the average exceeds
eleven per cent. Thus it appears that this busi-
ness, far from being a losing or decaying one,
quite equals, if it does not exceed, in profits any
other business in the country.
But, Mr. President, to whose benefit docs this
bounty inuiu? Not to the fishermen, but to the
two or three thousand owncis of fishing vessels.
Such is the common testimony of the collectors
on this subject. Such is the testimony of the
special agent of the Treasury Department sent to
look into the fisheries, and to report their con-
dition. Such is impliedly the admission of the
owners of the fishing vessels themselves; for they
concede that they do not observe the law which
requires them to divide the proceeds of a cruise
in proportion to the fish taken by each man, and
that, in violation of the lav/ and the express regu-
lations of the Department, some of the owners
take half to themselves, and divide the other half
equally among the crew. If they will violate the
law m one particular, why will they not do so m
every other? To whom is this money paid' To
the owners of the fishing vessels. What officer
or agent of the Government supervises its divis-
ion among the fishermen? No one. It is left
solely to the discretion and the conscience of the
owner of the fishing vessel. He is the arbiter of
his own cause, in violation of every principle of
juridical justice. Are avarice and self-interest
stronger than justice and generosity ? Are men
kinder to others than to themselves? Can any
one believe that Congress can make bargains for
these men,and thatthey will observe them sfnedy
though it be to their own prejudice5 Why may
they not stipulate that the fishermen shall have
so much for the voyage, less the amount of the
bounty? Is the bounty no inducement to the
enterprise? It is either an inducement, or it is
not. If it be no inducement to the fishermen to
engage in the cruise, then there is no reason why
it should be continued If it be an inducement,
then the fishermen can afford to ask less from their
employers, the owners of the fishing vessels, and
no doubt do take less, and thus it inures to the
benefit of the owners.
Another tcason why I believe the two or three
thousand owners of fishing vessels generally en-
joy all of this bounty is, that the fishermen are
frequently changed duringaseason. They go out
one voyage, return, are discharged,and other fish-
ermen are taken. sSuch is the report of all the col-
lectors; and, if this be tiue, none of these fisher-
men are entitled, according to law, to any of the
bounty; and thus it may happen that the owners
of the fishing vessels may realize the entire boun-
ty, as is charged.
Mr. President, according to the experience of
England, of Fiance, and of Holland, such boun-
ties are wholly inexpedient. They have endeav-
ored, by a system of bounties, to build up their
herringand whale fisheries, and they have signally
failed. But I need not go auioad to prove the in-
expediency of these bounties. Let any Senator
compare the increase of the whale and herring
fisheries with the cod fisheries, and he will ^ay at
once that these bounties have not ledeunded to
the advantage of the cod fisheries. Our whale fish-
ermen, without any bounty whatever from the
Government, though competing with the fishei-
menof the greatest commercial countries of Eu-
rope, though competing with the fishermen of Eng-
land, of Holl \nd, and'of France, who were paid
large premiums and large bounties on this mtei-
est, have outstripped them ali. A few fishing
towns in New England, without bounty, without
Government pationago or aid, have more tonnag"
and seamen in the whale fishery than England,
with ali the bounties and premiums and remissions^
of duties extended to her whale fishermen through,
a series of years.
It is sufficient to condemn this bounty system
to show that it is demoralizing. The late Secre-
tary of the Treasury says, substantially, that it
is a premium offered for frauds and perjuries; and
he is sustained in this assertion by the testimony
of the collectors from one extreme to the other of
the coast of New England. They declare that
the laws are not complied with; but that these
bounties are realized in violation of the laws.
Such is the admission, in effect, of*the fishermen
themselves. In seveial of their memorials, which
1 have read, they declare that they cannot comply
with the requisitions of the Department and re-
alize any profit. For instance, the law inhibits
them from taking other fish than cod fish during
a cod-fishing voyage, and from taking fresh fish
to market, and requires that they should confine
themselves exclusively to the catching and salt-
curing of cod fish. They declarc, in their memo-
rials, that they had better give up the bounties
than observe this regulation; for that, if they are
required to throw their fresh fish overboard, they
will sink more money than they can realize from
the bounty, as many of the fresh fish they take
are worth more than the cod, and the fresh cod
will often realize a better price and readier sale
than the dried. Yet they claimed and got the
bounty. Who can doubt that they also saved
and sold their fresh fish?
But, sir, it is demoralizing in another aspect. It
encourages a sentiment already too pervading in
the country, of dependence on the Governmentfor
support, Such a sentiment is baneful to individ-
ual as well as national prosperity. It paralyzes
the mdustrv, enervates the mind, and enfeebles
the will of man to teach him to look to Govern-
mentas a natural or foster parent for'^npport and
aid in every enterprise. It keeps him in his mi-
nority through life, and he can never feel .or exer-
cise the freedom, independence, and self-reliance
of mature manhood. It reduces him to a state of
pupilage, in which he cannot think without in-
struction, or act without assistance. It discour-
ages enterprise, enslaves the spirit, suppresses
noble aspirations, and prevents brave efforts. Un-
satisfied desire is the natural aliment of human ex-
ertion, whether it be mental or physical, and with-
out it man would cease to labor. Labor, by di-
vine decree, is the condition of success, and with-
out it nothing great or valuable is achieved. Pov-
erty is the nurse of great souls, and necessity the
paiont of hcroic efforts; and the fountain of the
Muses, bursting from a barren rock, is an aptem-
blcm of the hard source whence spring the noblest
agnations of the mind, and the most glorious
achievements of the hand. Whenever Govern-
ment "undertakes to supply man's wants and re-
lieve his labors, it violates a law of nature which
will sooner or later vindicate its own majesty.
Suppose it were possible for this Government
to supply all the wants and satisfy ali the desires
of its citizens—togive lands to the landless, houses
to the shelterless,"food to the hungry.and clothing
to the naked: how long would science, art, liter-
ature, freedom, religion, anything that ennobles
man, and elevates him above the beast, survive
such anexpeument ? How long would we have
a Government worth preserving, or freemen to
preserve it? Such a Government would prove a
greater cursc than that of Adam, and more intol-
erable than the vilest tyranny of barbaric auto-
crats.
Sir, I demand the repeal of these bounties be-
cause they are unconstitutional; they are unjust,
they are inexpedient, they are demoralizing. I
demand the repeal of the laws under which"they
are drawn because the inducements held out for
their enactment have ceased to exist; because the
reason of them haa ceased; and because the cffect
of them is far ddloront from mat which was in-
tended, or expected, or desired.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill un-
til Thursday at half past twelve o'clock, and make
it the special order for that hour.
Mr. CLAY. I hope not. i trust we shall get
through with ihis business. I am sure the Sen-
ator from Maine must be as familiar with this
subject as I am. He ought to be more so. It is
matter of recent study with me, and has been a
