mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4.
subject familiar to him from his childhood, prob-
ably ; I-trust that we shall go on with this mat-
ter# and get done with the question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas.- I wish to say-
that if this bill is postponed, I believe another bill-
of SOirte public interest may be passed this even-
ing! and that is, the bill amendatory of the act of
1852 in regard to public .printing. If this ispost-
poned, I give notice now that I shall ask to have
that bill taken: up and disposed of.
Mr. IiAMLIN'. I would myself, under ordi-
nary'circumstances, prefer to postpone this bill
until to-morrow; but laboring, as I have been all
this day, undtr a severe headache which arises
from the stomach—it is a bilious headache—I
know full well that I shall not be clear of it to-
morrow. 1 think I have some knowledge of this
matter. The people 1 represent have a deep in-
terest in it. I do not wish to be driven to speak
here when I am indisposed. I therefore ask the
Senate to postpone the bill until the day after to-
morrow only.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must now make the mo-
tion, of-which I gave notice before, and 1 am
strengthened .in my determination to press it, by
the suggestion of the Senator from Maine, a Sen-
ator, whose constituents, perhaps, are more deep-
ly interested in the subject under discussion than
those of any other Senator on the floor. In obe-
dience to that rule of courtesy which the Senate
took great pleasure in awarding to the gentleman
from Alabama, this bill should go over until the
day after to-morrow, and I feel it my duty to re-
new the motion I made before, to postpone the |
prior orders, and take up the Oregon bill. I think j
■we shall be able to finish it to-morrow, and I do
not know of any better time for it, any time when j
it would less incommode the public business than j
to take it up now. I trust the Senate therefore,
will agree/jto_ the motion to postpone the prior
orders and' take up the bill for the admission of i
Oregon. i
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The present ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine,
to postpone this bill until Thursday at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps he will yield to my
motion to take up the Oregon bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I prefer my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well; let the question
bo taken on that.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the bill will not bo uefoi red
beyond to-morrow. ]f the Senator should eom< 
in to-morrow and complain of being unwell, of
course it must be laid over; but I have spoken
myself to-day, With a headache, under some dis-
advantage; and yet I have done so because I was
unwilling that this matter should bo longer de-
ferred. If it be postponed until the day after to-
morrow, the bill of my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] will be brought up, and this will
lose its precedence, and may be deferred until the j
close of'the session. I wish lo have a vole on j
the bill as soon as practicable. I will say, let it |
lie over until to-morrow; I am willing that it be i
deferred at present, as I do not Wish the Senator '
from Maine to go oil  t this time If he then com- 1
plains of being unwell, perhaps some advocate of
that interest may go on.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say to the Senator that
I would be ready to proceed at tms moment but
from the nature of my health. I am willing, al-
though I know quite well what will be my con
of it for several days, and I certainly shall object
to the consumption, of a very great deal of time in
the-discussion. . -
The VICE PRESIDENT'. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Illinois to propose to the
Senator from Maine some modification of his mo-
tion. .Does the Senator from Maine accept it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask him to allow me to
move to postpone the prior orders, and take up
the.Oregon bill. That will leave this as the un-
finished business. - .
Mr. SLIDELL. I submit if that is a proper
motion which can be entertained without the unan-
imous consent of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
tell until he hears what the proposition is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It can be entertained with
the consent of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
be glad if the Senator fiom Maine would make jj
his motion. "
Mr. HAMLIN. Iam willing to yield the floor
to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I make the motion to post-
pone all prior-orders and take up the Oregon bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will this bill come up, then,
to-morrow at one o'clock?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Gentlemen
make agreements here to which some of us are not
parties. The honorable Senators from Maine and
Illinois propose their agreement. There is a di-
rect division which can be made of the motion,
and I must insist that that division shall be made.
In the first place, to postpone is one thing  |
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator will allow me. |
I see the point. I will move to postpone this ques- j
tion until to-morrow atone o'clock. When that '
is decided, whoever gets the floor will make what- :
ever motion he pleases. j
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Exactly. Then ;
I shall beg to say that I am aware that the cour- j
tes-ies of gentlemen very often crush measures !
equally with the opposition of gentlemen. I shall j
not sit here any longer and sec this done, so far ,
as bills which I propose to present to the consid- |
eration of the Senate arc concerned. The expend- ;
ltures of the Government are $70,000,000 a year, !
and ihe bill which I propose presents a relief of i
aboutoneseventieth annually throughout all time, j
unless the laws are changed after it shall have been
enacted. That certainly is considerably over ten '
per eent. upon our expenditures. I thillK such a
measure should receive our attention.
If this bill be postponed, I hope we shall con-
sider what we can best do with the residue of
this afternoon, and therefore I will not concede,
so far as I am concerned, to the taking up of the
bill for the admission of Oregon, when I know
that it will not and cannot be admitted within this
evening, whilst, on the contrary, 1 am convinced
that we can pass to-day the bill which I propose
as an amendment to the existing printing laws
that will produce an effect such as I have named.
I do not propose to vote for taking up the Oregon
lull at this hour, which I see by the clock is three
o'clock. 1 shall vote for the postponement until
to-morrow of this question, as a measure of relief
to the Senator from Maine, who wishes to address
the Senate on the subject which has aheady been
j discussed. That being done, I hope we may be
dition to-morrow, lo agree to postpone the bill |
until to-morrow. I do not want it to lo"o its ordei; '
and I move to postpone it until to-morrow atone ,
o'clock, and that it be the order of the day for that
hour.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I move to postpone
the prior orders to take up the Oregon bill. If the
Senator from Maine will withdraw his motion, I
will submit that.
Mr. HAMLIN. What becomes of this, then? ^
Mr. DOUGLAS. It goes over until to-morrow,
as a matter of course. 1
Mr. SLIDELL. The first question is, whether
this bill shall be postponed until to-morrow. That ■
is a separate anddistmct proposition. I shall urge,
with the permission of the Senator from Tennes- '
see, the taking up of his bill as the next special
order, if this be passed over now. We have but.
five weeks of the session left, and if every meas-!
are of this sort is to undergo a regular discussion !
and set speeches, wo shall probably not dispose I
permitted, in the mete" fragment of time that re-
mains of this day's session, to take up a measure
which will really give some protection against
what heretofore has produced a general outcry
throughout the whole country, and particularly
thronghoutlhe Senate—the vices that have accom-
panied the whole system of printing, and which
the committee I represent here anxiously desire
to have amended and prevented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until to-morrowat one o'clock, and be made
the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled bill
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30,-1859; and
it was-signed by the Vice President.
" ' THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that'the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 218) amendatory of the act entitled "An act
to provide for oxecuting the public printing, and
establishing the prices thereof, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 26, 1852.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust that will not be taken
up, because I desire the Senate to take up the Ore-
gon bill.. If this shall'be voted down, I will make
that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I trust the Sen-
ate will agree to my motion, and dispose of the
bill, for I do not anticipate that it will give rise to
a lengthened debate. I will concisely state the
reasons why this bill shoijld be passed when it is
taken up. I am not disposed to consume the time .
of the Senate; but if this bill is to be passed at this
session it ought to be sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives at once;-' It has been maturely con-
sidered by the committees of both Houses, and
they all concur in the belief that it ought to be
passed.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 18; as follows:
YE A3— Morals. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin. Bigler,
Bright, Blown, Clay, Ci mention, Evans, Fitzpatnck, Ham-
lin, Hammond. UtiMer, Ivcrson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones. Kennedy, Mailory, Mason,
Polk, Sebastian, Slidelt, Toombs,1Tiumbull, and Wade—VI.
NAYS—Messrs. Brodcnck, Chandler, Collamer, Dixon,
Dooliltle, Dou«las, Durkee, Fessemlen, Foot, Foster,
Green, Givin, Italian, King, Pugli, Seward, Simmons, and
Stuart—18.
The bill was thereupon taken up as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the Clerk proceeded to
] read it.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that we shall un-
derstand it better if the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing will take it up and analyze it for
us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent its further reading will be dispensed with.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire that it may be read
through.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to hear it all read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
bill being called for, the Clerk must proceed.
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to read the
bill. The first section provides that there shall
j be a Superintendent of Public Printing, who shall
receive for his services a salary of §3,000 per an-
;i num,atid who shall give bond, with two sureties,
' to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
.! in the penaltyof&20,000, for the faithful discharge
of his duties under the law. It is required that
he shall be a practical printer, versed in the va-
rious branches of the art of printing; he is to hold
his ofnee for two years, commencing with the first
day of the session of each Congress, and until
his successor shall be duly appointed and quali-
fied. tie is to be allowed four clerks, who shall
each receive a salary of 01,800 per annum; and
one messenger, at an annual salary of $1,200.
The second section makes it his duty to super-
vise the execution of all such public printing, bind-
ing, and engraving as shall be provided to be ex-
ecuted under the provisions of the law; to inspect
such printing, binding, and engraving, during the
progress of its execution; to see that all such work
is executed in a neat and workmanlike manner,
j with fidelity and dispatch; to note every failure
or delinquency of duty on the part of any public
printer, binder, or engraver; to state the fact of such
I delinquencies upon bis records, and from time to
' time report the same to the Joint Committee of
I Congress on Printing. He is to be prohibited
, from receiving any printing, binding, or engrav-
' ing which is not executed in strict conformity
i with the provisions of the law, or of the different
| contracts which may be made under its provis-
| ions, in all particulars, and in 'the best manner,
; but it is to be his duty to reject all work not so
i executed, and at once to report the fact of such re-
| jection to the Joint Committee on Printing, in
j order that such proceedings may be had under the
, law in the matter as the committee shall deem ad-
visable.
He is to receive from the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives all
matter ordered by Congress to be printed; and
