850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
But there is a further provision in the Nebraska
kit!, to be found nowhere else. It distinguishes
that bill from every other territorial enactment.
It is impossible to escape the force of its language.
Wecannotgive it a special application totheform-
ing of a State constitution; for the first section pro-
vides for that. We cannot regard it as adescription
of the general legislative power of the Territory;
for the sixth section provides for that. It can be
viewed in no other light than as a license or per-
mission to the people of the Territory, while a
Territory, to establish or prohibit slavery; and as
1 shall presently show, if this power cannot be
properly exercised by the people of a Territory,
it is not because it was not granted in the bill, but
only because, under the decision of the Supreme
Court, you had no right to grant it. This is the
clause to which I refer:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavety into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions! in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States."
It was " the true intent and meaning of the act
not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
nor to exclude it therefrom, but"—but what?—"to
leave the people thereof"—what people? Why,
the people of any Territory or State—"perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way." What domestic insti-
tutions were here intended ? Why, among others,
that institution which we of the South are accus-
tomed to speak of as our most important domestic
institution—the institution of slavery. Who will
deny that slavery was one of the domestic insti-
tutions which the people of any Territory or State
were left perfectly free to form and regulate in
their own way ?
Ah! but I am sometimes told that this power,
as expressly stated in the bill, was granted " sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States;"
and that if its exercise is not consistent with the
Constitution, why, then the grant was void; that
such a power is not consistent with the Constitu-
tion, and, therefore, the grant was not operative or
effective; and that Congress, waiving any decision
of the constitutional question, intended to submit
it to the courts of justice.
Mr. Chairman, every act of Congress is subject
to the Constitution. If Congress expressly de-
clare that it shall not be subject to the Constitu-
tion, it will be so nevertheless. If they say it
shall be subject to it, they do not make it more so
than if they said nothing about it. To suppose
that such a declaration has any effect at all, 1? to
imply that on some occasions Congress may prop-
erly direct that their acts shall not be subject to
the Constitution. The expression, therefore, in
the most favorable view we can take of it, was
wholly without meaning or operation. To me it
appears absolutely childish. It reminds us of Dr.
Johnson's conditional prayer for the soul of his
deceased wife—" if it were lawful."
But, sir, the doctrine involved in this excuse is
as mischievous as it is unsound. What right have
Congress to waive the consideration of their con-
stitutional authority to do what they propose?
Are not our powers defined and limited by the
Constitution ? And are we not required to take an
oath to support it? Are we not as much bound
to keep ourselves within the limits of the Consti-
tution as the courts of justice are to keep us there?
Are the courts themselves under greater obliga-
tions to support the Constitution than we are? I
protest against this doctrine that an assumption
of ungranted power may be innocent, and even
laudable, if we express a willingness that our acts
may be annulled when declared unconstitutional.
Upon such a principle, what might we not do?
We could charter a national bank, subject only
to the Constitution; we could lay a duty 011 ex-
ports, subject only to the Constitution; we could
grantatitie of nobility, subject only to the Con-
stitution. What an easy method for indolent le-
gislators ! How much labor and anxiety would
be saved in the examination of difficult questions
of constitutional law ! But, sir, it was the very
object of the Constitution, in requiring of us the
oath we take, to confine us within the limits
marked out for us, and restrain us from going be-
yond them whenever we might have a mind to
do so.
But,Mr. Chairman,let me dwell a little longer
on this branch of the question. It is admitted
that if Congress has this power, it is granted by
the bill. If not, then it is said it is not granted.
Then it follows that the words or terms of the
law make this grant to the people of these Terri-
tories; and if it is not a valid grant, it is only be-
cause it is an unconstitutional one. But, sir, how
is it ever to be known whether it is a constitu-
tional grant or not? Why, sir, that can never be
determined unless these people should undertake
to exercise the power delegated, to them. If they
never claim it, or use it, no opportunity would
ever be afforded for testing the question;and thus
the very object attributed to Congress by the
friends of the bill would be defeated—which was,
to submit the question, in the last resort, to the
courts. The Territorial Legislatures, then, the in-
feriors of Congress, were to decide upon the ex-
tent and constitutional validity of the grants made
by Congress—a subject of too much difficulty and
magnitude for Congress itself—and to exercise
powers which Congress could not satisfy itself of
its own right to use. If they should pass laws
excluding slavery, and no question were raised as
to the validity of such laws, why, then judgment
would go against the South by default, and ICan-
j sas and Nebraska would be free-soil Territories.
But, of course, ™ch legislation might be contested.
The owners of slaves might bring their claims be-
fore the courts. But is it certain that they would
do.so ? How many would be willing to carry
slaves to Kansas, and brave the hazards and
vexations, and the great expense of a protracted
law-suit? Why, sir, more than thirty-five years
elapsed after the passage of the Missouri prohi-
bition before its constitutionality was contested
before the courts of justice.
But suppose a case properly made up and sub-
mitted to the judges. Prom my observation of
the judicial character, I think they would decide
it, and decide it upon all the views that belong to
the subject. But, should they refuse to sift the
authority of Congress,under the Constitution, to
delegate the power 111 dispute, and, from defer-
ence to the legislative body, affirm the validity of
the law; should they too " waive" the constitu-
tional question, would you have any right to com-
plain? You may tell me they have sworn to sup-
port the Constitution, and that it is their duty to
decide the question. But have we not also taken
this oath ? And if we may refuse to inquire how
far we are laid under restraints by the Constitu-
tion, in the discharge of our duties, why may not
they ?
But, Mr. Chairman, it is a novelty in legisla-
tion to make laws with express intent that their
meaning and validity shall be canvassed by the
courts of justice. Who ever heard before of laws
being framed with a view to drive the people into
the courts? It should be the object of all laws to
keep them, if possible, out of the courts. To at-
tain this end, the most exact and precise language
should always be employed, and the legislative
intent clearly expressed. Courts are designed for
the punishment of those who, either from will-
fulness or ignorance, disobey the law; and it is
the duty of the law-maker to take away any ex-
cuse for this disobedience, by a clear expression
of his meaning, and, above all, by refraining from
the exercise of doubtful and illegal powers that
may tend to provoke resistance.
This notion that the courts have an exclusive
or superior power to determine all constitutional
questions, if not ancient Federalism, was certainly
not a part of the creed of ancient Republicanism.
If it be intended to ingraft it on the faith of the
Democratic party of the present day, I can only
enter my humble protest against it. President i
Jackson properly said that he must administer :
the Constitution as he understood it; and the duty j
of Congress is not less imperative. j
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, attempted to show j
that the construction given to this bill by its north- !
ern supporters, and, indeed, by many of its south- 1
ern advocates also, is the only one that its language j
will admit. Butin denying, as some of the south- I
ern members have done, that it authorizes the '
Territorial Legislatures to exercise the powers in !
question, do they not see that they deprive them- ;
selves of all excuse for having voted for the bill? '
For if the Territories cannot legislate for the j
establishment or exclusion of slavery, how can ]
slavery ever go there, so long as they remain "
Territories? Congress, in annulling the Mis-
souri compromise, expressly declares that it is
not to be understood as legfslating slavery into
any Territory or State, or excluding it there-
from; but as leaving the whole subject to the
people, in the Words I have just quoted. Nov/,
if this only authorized them to act upon this sub-
ject when they frame a State constitution, and
not before; and if, by the clause known as the
"Badger proviso," no law or regulation which
may have existed prior to 1820, establishing or
protecting slavery, is to be revived or put in force,
how is it possible that slavery can ever get there,
until, as States, they may choose to establish it?
Congress will not introduce it. So far from it,
they disclaim any such intent, and provide that
the former laws shall not be revived or put in force.
Don't tell me that the constitution establishes
slavery there, for I am speaking of the effect and
operation of the Nebraska bill, not of the consti-
tution. I say, that if slavery exists there now, it
is ill spite of all that the Missouri compromise and
the Nebraska bill have done to prevent it.
But how can gentlemen deny that the bill dele-
gated the power to establish or exclude slavery,
when it is known to almost every man in the
country that the people of Kansas have been in
the open exercise of this power ever since the pas-
sage of the law ? If, in their territorial condition,
they had nothing to do with the subject, for what
purpose were men sent out from Massachusetts
and other northern States, and from Virginia and
other southern States ? What was the meaning of
those earnest appeals ami those contributions of
money to quicken the emigration to Kansas? Was
there nothing to be done? Were no votes to be
given ? Was there no contest to be decided ? Ah !
but gentlemen may tell me that the people of Kan-
sas might pass laws, as they have done, in favor
of slavery, but could not make any against it. In-
deed ! Then, when these people were authorized
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, it was intended that t-hey were to
do it only in one way, and that was to be not
their own way, but our way—the southern
way.
No, Mr. Chairman, it is vain to deny that the
construction I have given to this clause in the
Nebraska bill is the only one it will bear. The
force of its language was fully appreciated by
southern statesmen only a few years ago. Sir,
are you curious to know the origin of this lan-
guage ? We need not go far to find it. It is cov-
ered with none of the venerable rust of a remote
antiquity, although it has come to be regarded
with so much reverence as to bo a test of political
orthodoxy. It was only in June, 1850, that Mr.
Douglas, of Illinois, in opposing the clause in the
compromise bill which provided that the territo-
rial governments should not legislate respecting
African slavery, and urging that it should be
stricken out, because,as he said, he did not want
" to perpetuate any institution against the will of
the people," uttered this sentiment: " I wish to
leave them free to regulate their own institutions
in their own way."
To be sure it was a very terse and pointed re-
mark; but we did not then know that this part
of Mr. Douglas's speech was a few years after-
wards to be enacted intoalaw. When it was the
private sentiment of a single Senator, it did not
command the approval of his southern associates.
Nay, sir, it was resisted with extraordinary earn-
estness, and almost with virulence. They insisted
on retaining the clause which expressly forbid the
Territorial Legislatures to pass any lawestablish-
ing or prohibiting African slavery. This clause
he moved to strike out, and only two southern
Senators, Mr. Clay and Mr. Underwood, voted
for his motion, while twenty-five voted against
it. I cannot resist the desire to read their names.
They are Messis. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Borland,Butler, Clemens, Dawson,
Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter, King, Man-
gum, Mason, Morton, Pearee, Pratt, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Soule, Spruance, Turney, and Yulee.
What a proud reflection it must be for the Sen-
ator from Illinois that he should, at last, have
succeeded in stamping his pithy little saying upon
the statute-book of his country, not o-nly in spite
of the opposition of the most eminent statesmen
of the South, but with their approval, and by their
help; and still more, that they should be now so
charmed with it as to insist on making this new-
born truth a touchstone of fitness for public sta-
tion. It was proper that General Cass, too, should
