2962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
gentlemen voted against taking up the case under
an impression thai, much time might be consumed
by a discussion. I have nothing more to say, and
leave the matter with the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I wish to present to the
House a tangible motion upon which they can act,
and signify, without debate, their wishes upon
this subject. I know nothing of this case. Iam
one of those who have not had time to look at the
papers. Looking to the interest of the great busi-
ness of the country, I move that the further con-
sideration of the matter be postponed until the
second Monday of December next.
The SPEAKER. I understand that the sub-
ject-matter is before the House, and the motion is
to postpone the consideration of the subject until
the second Monday of December next.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I do not
know the views entertained by the gentleman who
occupies the seat now, whether he desires to have
the matter settled by the House at this session or
not; but I speak according to my apprehension of
the subject-matter of the case, without reference
to the wishes of the parties, and solely in regard
to what I think is due from U3, as the represent-
atives of the country, upon an occasion of this
sort. Here is a contested-election case from the
State of Maryland. It has been pending from the
commencement of the session. A great deal of
testimony has been taken, and it has been printed
for a considerable length of time. Arguments
have been submitted by the sitting member gnd
the contestant, Mr. Whyte, before the Commit-
tee of Elections, and the reports of the majority
and of the minority have been made to the House.
What is there then in the condition of this House;
what is there in the state of the public business
that would justify the House upon an occasion
of this sort, in postponing a case involving the
ri^it and privileges the House ? This House has
determined, by its action in conjunction with the
Senate, to adjourn on Monday next. To that we
have no objection; and if a proper consideration
of this question will not have a tendency to pro-
long the session, what is the difficulty? We do
not desire to discuss the question, and occupy the
time of the House. So far as our views of the
question are concerned, we think gentlemen have
had opportunity to examine the testimony, and
from that and the reports of the committee, to
come to a satisfactory conclusion as to what dis-
position should be made of this case.
If it is settled this session, an opportunity will
be afforded to have another election, if that result
should be advisable, between this and the next
session of Congress, and the people of that dis-
trict will be able to dispose of the question in all
its bearings. But if you now postpone its con-
sideration, upon the proposition of the gentleman
from Mississippi, until the second Monday of
December next, it will come up at the commence-
ment of the short session. Its discussion will oc-
cupy considerable time, and, if it shall be decided
that the seat is vacant, an election will have to
take place; but before that election can be held,
this Congress may expire by its own limitation.
I therefore submit to gentlemen upon all sides
of the House, if they are disposed to meet and
dispose of all important questions, and to trans-
act the public business, what justification is there,
so far as this House is concerned, for procrasti-
nating the consideration of this question ? The
people are entitled to be heard. The good peo-
ple of the district are entitled to be regarded. I
insist upon its settlement, in justice to the con-
testant and to the sitting member, whose right is
brought in question, bceause the committee has
decided that his seat is vacant. You should not
compel Mr. Whyte to come here next session,
for the purpose of contesting the seat, merely to
see to the final disposition of this case, the oper-
ation of which, if successful, can only be to make
a vacancy in the district. It is therefore due to
him, as contestant, that this matter should be
disposed of.
What are tho reasons urged upon the other side
to justify the postponement? They are that we
have not time. Why, sir, I apprehend that we may
get through with the business by next Monday.
But suppose we could not, is that any reason why
important matters should be postponed ? Yester-
day one mostimportant ease was postponed. I did
not undertake to occupy the time of tho House
upon that question, but so far as I eould act I did
not feel that I could, in justice to my apprehen-
sion of what was proper in the discharge of my
duties, vote for the postponement of that matter.
I say we have full time to examine this question,
and there is no sufficient reason, I submit, for ad-
journing this House while important questions,
involving vital considerationsand grave constitu-
tional privileges—indeed the rights of every sec-
tion of the country—are before the House undis-
posed of. I hope, therefore, that this question will
not be adjourned. It is due to both parties im-
med iately interested, to the people of that district,
and to ourselves, that this matter should be dis-
posed of at this time. If there is any good reason
which can be urged why we should not now enter
upon the examination of this case, I am ready
to hear it, and properly to weigh it. The House
will bear me witness that I have not occupied as
much of the time of the House as I justly might;
I have been content to remain in my place, and
to take such action upon tRe subjects coming be-
fore the House,as seemed proper,and lam ready
to sit here until all the necessary business is dis-
posed of, though it might be two or three weeks,
or even longer.
This is a question of grave importance. It is
material, in relation to the time of the expiration
of this Congress, and I say that it is due to the
sitting member, due to Mr. Whyte, the contest-
ant, and duo to the people of that district, that the
matter should not be left in its present condition.
The sitting member, not knowing what may be
the final action of the House, or whether he is to
be entitled to the seat, may be just as anxious,
for aught I know, as Mr. Whyte, that the matter
should be disposed of.
We are now salaried officers. Under the com-
pensation law we are paid for the whole year, and
if members return home, leaving important mat-
ters like this, and the case which was postponed
yesterday, undisposed of, ill-natured persons, and
indeed well-disposed persons, will be apt to say,
that, but for the compensation bill, we might have
sat here until the dog-days. These considerations
I know will not operate upon gentlemen who take
the responsibility of deciding upon their own
course; but I submit to members of all parties if
it is not due to ourselves and to the merits of this
important question that it should be taken up and
settled.
Mr. QUITMAN. The gentleman from Mary-
land has rather propounded an inquiry to me, and
I desire to answer it. 1 admit the full force of
many of the reasons which he has urged. I
would desire that we should dispose of all tho
important business; and this is important busi-
ness. But tho question is, whether we shall re-
scind our resolution, and extend the session for
two or three weeks; whether we will change our
plans, and remain here during the very hot season
which is to follow, or whether we shall postpone
this matter, and go on with other important busi-
ness ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. As I under-
stand the action proposed to be taken on this
question by the chairman and members of the
Committee of Elections, as intimated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I cannot conceive that this
case can take up more than two or three hours.
Mr. QUITMAN. It may be so; but I know
how much gentlemen who have investigated and
arc familiar with a case are in the habit of sup-
posing that it will take but a short time. I under-
stand that there is a volume of testimony, and
that there are many principles of law involved;
and I do not hesitate to say, in conclusion, that,
if the House takes up this case, they will not get
rid of it in less than two or three days. We have
the appropriation bills and the reports of the com-
mittees of co-nference to act upon; and if we mean
to take up this case, we ought at once to rescind
the resolution to adjourn on Monday.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have ex-
pressed my conviction of what is proper. I could
not sit here silently, and allow this case to be
postponed without entering my earnest protest
against such action. I have now discharged my
duty, and the House can dispose of the question
as they see proper.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire only to oc-
cupy a moment of time in explaining the reasons
why I proposed to make this motion to postpone.
I did it on my own responsibility, without con-
sultation with any other gentleman on this floor,
and I think I did it for good and valid reasons,
and I desire to give those reasons in as few words
as I possibly can.
I have no feeling about this case, one way or
the other. I stand here as an unbiased and un-
prejudiced juror to try this case whenever it shall
come properly before this House, and I will do
it without regard to my political affinities or po-
litical predilections, as I have done on all former
occasions when I have been called upon to decide
questions of this kind.
The reasons which governed mo were briefly
these: we are now within less than two days of
the final adjournment, and have less than two
working days before us, with an immense amount
of business interesting to this whole country that
ought to be accomplished within that period.
Gentlemen talk about this question occupying
only an hour or two. Sir, I have too much ex-
perience in this House, and have witnessed too
many debates in reference to questions of not as
much importance as the one under consideration,
to believe for a moment that this question can be
decidcd in less than two days. Hero is a volume
of twelve hundred pages of testimony. I will ven-
ture the assertion that not five men in this House
have read that testimony. I know, sir, that I
have attended to my duties here with as much
fidelity as any gentleman here; but owing to the
amount of business pressed upon mo by the va-
rious committees on which I have been placed,
it has been impossible for me to take up this
case and decide the question as it ought to be de-
cided between the contestant and the contestec,
with a view to the rights of the citizens of Balti-
more.
Sir, the question resolves itself into this; you
have either to postpone the final adjournment of
Congress for a week, or else you have to post-
pone this question. It is for the House to judge
between these two alternatives. It is for the
House to decide whether we will go on with the
regular and legitimate business which belongs to
the whole country, North, South, East and West,
or whether we will now, just at the close of the
session, take up and decide this question for the
people of Baltimore.
1 ask members of this House how the post-
ponement of this case until nextsession is to affect
tho people of Baltimore? There are but two days
of the session left. It will take the entire two
days to decide the question. If we were to give
the scat to the sitting member, or to the contest-
ant, I ask what either of them could do during
the short period of the session that would remain?
If we postpone the case, gentlemen can take tho
report and testimony home and examine them at
their leisure, and come hero at the commencement
of tho next session prepared, as unprejudiced
jurors, to settle this question according to the
right between the contestant and the contestee.
It seems to me that there can be no detriment to
the interests of the people of Baltimore by the
postponementof this question until an early period
next session.
Mr. BURNETT. I shall not follow tho ex-
ample set me by declaring how honest or impar-
tial I may bo in the case. I shall make no pro-
fessions of that sort. I moved an amendment to
a proposition to adjourn, changing the time fixed
for the adjournment of Congress from Monday to
Thursday. I did so because I believed we could
get through with-the business in time. Now, we
can decide this contested-election case and adjourn
on Monday. But whether or not we are salaried
officers of the Government, Congress lasts til! the
4th of next March, and it is the duty of members
on this floor to stay here and attend to their duties
Gentlemen may say that such a consideration
ought not to govern, but I hold that it ought. The
people are entitled to our services, It is our duty
to stay here and dispose of the business of the
Government.
Mr. COBB. Let us do it.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Indi-
ana says, " how can it operate on the people of
Maryland whether we acton this question or not ?"
He asks,how arc they to be prejudiced? Why,
if we postpone this case until December next, and
if the report of the majority of the committee
should be then adopted, the result will be that wo
