852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
tling the question of the power of Congress over
slavery in the Territories, was to subject the Mis-
souri compromise itself to the decision of the
courts ? What was the use of passing a new law
fof the purpose of raising a question for the courts,
-when the very same question was presented by a
law already existing? If southern gentlemen sup-
posed that this question would be decided against
what did they expect to gain by the Nebraska
bill? If they believed it would be decided in our
favor, as they say they did, and as it lately has
been, bow could they overlook the disadvant-
ages of the new bargain they entered into, in
annulling all the laws which had protected sla-
very, and in surrendering the institution itself to
the hazards of a popular majority ? Well might
Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, say, in "his letter to Mr.
Leake, last October, that the " bill was not such
as would have been framed by the delegates from
either section, if it had been submitted to them
alone." Yes, sir, it was a new compromise to
supplant an old compromise. It was the Mis-
souri compromise superseded by the Nebraska
compromise; and I trust I have shown that the
new was even more disadvantageous to us than
the old. How long it will be before this will, in
its turn, be superseded by some more modern
contrivance for making everybody support what
nobody is in favor of, of course I cannot tell.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHAFFEE. Mr. Chairman, my constit-
uents have grave objections to the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution; and
they expectat my hands, as their Representative,
an honest expression of their views. This must
be my excuse for trespassing upon the time of the
House on this occasion.
The history of the Territories of the United
States that have passed through the period of their
gristle and growth to maturity, and become sov-
ereign States, forms an important study for the
statesman of the present day. When we reflect
that since the present organization of our Govern-
ment, now but sixty-nine years, we have added
more to our territorial limits than they then pos-
sessed; and that from it have grown eighteen
sovereign States, with a population now of fifteen
or more millions, and whose wealth readies the
enormous sum of two thousand million dollars,
theirimportance becomes apparent; and especially
is this importance enhanced and exalted when we
reflect that the peopling of our present Territories,
to say nothing of our futuie acquisitions, is not
half accomplished- Wehavo now remaining more
territorial space unorganized by any government
than as yet occupied; and yet the American mind
and heart seems not to grasp these future com-
monwealths in their importance or their destiny.
At the present hour, there are three of our Ter-
ritories ready for admission into the family of
States, on the same terms of exact equality with
the original thirteen. Why do they ask this, and
why should we, the Representatives of the Amer-
ican people, admit them within the pale of this
Union ? They ask this, because of their affection
toward the people from whom they emigrated,
when they exchanged the refinements and cultiva-
ted socicty of the older States to seek to better their
condition among the sturdy sons of the frontier;
and because such, they understand, is the fulfill-
ing the compact made with the inhabitants of the
Territories, even before the adoption of our pres-
ent Constitution, and guarantied and indorsed by
the makers of that instrument in the first session
of Congress held under it. They have kept the
compact on their part, and they come back to us,
ibe Representatives of the whole American peo-
ple, and ask us to keep oius.
1 have intimated that the history of our territo-
rial possessions and governments was an import-
ant study to the statesman of to-day; and I have
hinted at the reasons for this importance. And
yet the President, in his message to this House
on the 2d day of February, has apparently never
r£ad the early history of the Territory of Kan-
sas ! The earliest date of his historic facts goes
no further back than the formation of the Topeka
constitution. All that preceded this instrument
was in black letter, and hence antiquated, and so
unsuited to the dignity and genius of this Young
America" Administration, or of so little import-
ance as to cscape recollcction or notice of the
Chief Magistrate. With all due deference, and
with pardon, I cannot agree with the President
that this history is of no consequence; on. the
contrary, I think it is of such vast importance
that there can be no right appreciation or under-
standing of the affairs and true condition and as-
pect of its interests and hopes, unless these facts,
that to the President's mind lie buried in oblivion,
are continually held up to the public gaze, that
their light may help us to interpret all subsequent
facts.
Why, I ask the President of the United States
or his friends who sustain his message—why did
the people of Kansas adopt the Topeka constitu-
tion ? Was it to ''organize rebellion," as the
President intimates ? Was it the result of a fixed
and settled determination to live the lives of law-
less freebooters, in violation of all law, human and
divine ? Was it a feverish restlessness impatient of
wholesome restraint, with a desire to live, on the
part of a whole people, Ishmaelitish lives, with
their hands against every man, and every man's
hand against them? Surely this cannot be true.
The belief would, if possible, be more monstrous
than the document that insinuates it. Men who
desire to lead lives of lawless violence do not
commit the folly of placing themselves voluntarily
and by choice under written lav/. They ignore
all law, and treat with contempt its officers. I
respectfully submit that such has not been the fact
with the people of Kansas, who constructed and
adopted the Toptku constitution.
The bill organizing the Territory of Kansas
became a law May 30, 1854; and has proved the
author of " all our woes." In the month of Octo-
ber following, Governor Reeder arrived in the Ter-
ritory, and ordered an election for a Delegate to
Congress. This election was held on the 29th day
of November of the same year. At this election
General Whitfield received 2,258 votes, 1,729 of
which were found to be illegal; or, m other words,
were placed in the ballot-boxes by persons not
residents of the Territory, but by persons living
in an adjoining State, who kindly volunteered
their sovereignty to their friends in the Territory
for the purpose of the franchise. Here, then, it
seems, we have a beginning; and I respectfully
commend to the perusal of the President House
Document No. 200 of the first session Thirty-
Fourth Congress. In January and February,
1855, the then Governor of the Territory caused j
a census of its inhabitants to be taken; and, as its
result, it was found that 2,905 men were qualified
to vote for a Territorial Legislature; and, on the
30th day of March, the election for members was
held. The lesult of that election showed, notthat
the whole 2,905 voters had deposited their votes,
or that a large portion of them had done so, but
that, within one month of the completion of the
census, the vote was swelled to the number of
6,*109—pro-slavery votes, 5,429; free-State, 791;
with 89 scattering, in all, 0,309: legal votes cast,
1,410; illegal votes, 4,900. Now, where did these
illegal votes come from, and how did it happen
that they were cast ? I answer, they came from
the border counties of Missouri, and -were forced
into the ballot-box by violence and fraud. I have
not time to quote the proof on this subject, but
must beg the President and his admirers to con-
sult the document above quoted, and I will prom-
ise them they will find it rich in historic lore, and
that it sheds a flood of light on this dark era in
the history of Kansas. Why, sir, if we are to
believe this document—and who can (^sbelieve it?
—Kansas has already a history crowded with
events that will pale the ineffectual lights of many
of the old States.
The men, thus elected, assembled in the place
indicated by the Governor and proceeded to busi-
ness, and without stopping to characterize the
result of their labors as history will do when
she comes, after the passion and excitementcon-
sequent upon the questions of the times shall have
subsided, but snnply remarking in passing that
the Code of Draco were mild m comparison, we
come at once to the Topeka convention and the
Topeka constitution. This reserved right of all
fiee people was not resorted to till all exoecta-
tjon of obtaining a recognition of their just claims,
by the usurpers of their government, had been
hopelessly abandoned. So far from allowing them
to rediess theirgrievances through the ballot-box,
they were systematically and persistently shutjr
ouc from this means of redress. Test oaths were i
required of them, and even if they had possessed |
the meanness and cowardice to submit to their i
imposition, they had no guarantee from the usurp-
ers that violence should not again be brought
into requisition, nor that the inhabitants of the
border counties would not again be emptied upon
them. In this condition, and from this exigency
sprang the Topeka convention, which produced
the Topeka constitution.
I call especial attention to the fact that this con-
stitution, which marks the era of the President's
historical knowledge on the subject of Kansas af-
fairs, was entirely provisional in its character—
wholly and absolutely provisional; that it has never
assumed or exercised any of the powers of an actual
government, birt has simply held its organization
in readiness, in case of it% being sanctioned by
Congress; or, failing in that, in the alternative of
the people being driven to a forcible resistance to
the foreign usurpation and despotism designed to
crush them out, and which might become too in-
tolerable to be submitted to. This is the whole
of this Topeka constitution. True, officers were
elected under it—a Governor, a Legislature, &c.—
but if they ever attempted the functions of these
offices, where is the proof of it? I deny the charge,
and demand the proof. What act is overt here?
None. Nor can the President specify.
The complaint of the President against the
people of the Territory, for the formation of the
Topeka constitution, is not without its parallel
in the history of this country. The same com-
plaint was once made against the colony of Massa-
chusetts, by George III. He had attempted to
bring that colony to terms of submission by re-
pealing the charter, and thus destroying the colo-
nial government. But to his utter surprise and
consternation, with that of British statesmen gen-
erally, the colony did not seem to be affected in
the slightest degree. Her voluntary associations,
through her committees, commanded and received
the obedience of the people, to a degree to which
the hitherto colonial government was a stranger;
and this without the bustle and bloodshed of a
revolution, but springing spontaneously from the
people. And, sir, it is obedience that makes a gov-
ernment, and not the formalities by which it is
instituted, or the name by syhich it is called. Do
the people prefer, and will they yield a more cheer-
ful obedience to, the Topeka constitution? Then
itis the bestconstitution for the people of Kansas.
And yet the President characterizes this whole
Topeka movement as a rebellion; and all objection
to the rule and reign of the usurpers as "open
defiance of the Constitution and laws." What
constitution ? What laws ? But here is what the
President says of the message of the Governor
under the Topeka constitution:
c*Thp very first paragraph of the message of Governor
Robinson, dated on the 7th of December, to the Topeka Le-
giftlatuie, now assembled at Lawience, contains an open
defiancc of the Constitution and laws of the United States."
Well, what does that wicked Governor say, in
such a defiant tone, against that palladium of our
liberties—that hope of the struggling millions of
earth's imbruted sons—ourglorious Constitution ?
And here the President quotes him m all his diab-
olism of purpose and language, as a warning to
the froward, and an encouragement to the faithful:
The Governor says:' The convention which framed the
const-union at Topeka originated with the people of Kansas
Ten ituty. They have adopted and i.itified the same twice
by a direct vote, and also indnectly thion^h two flections of
State officers and members of the State Legislature. Yet
it lias pleased the Administration to regard the whole pro-
eceding revolutionary.'"
Here, then, we have the Governor's wicked,
treasonable, and rebellious " defiance of the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States;" and it is
"open!" Not secretly, as if the grace of shame,
and some slight compunctious visiungs of con-
science, were left him; but " open " and exposed
to the gaze of an astonished world, and the Pres-
ident of the United States. But this is not all, nor
indeed the worst feature in this Topeka move-
ment; for the Governor, under this constitution,
not only "openly defies the Constitution and
laws," but they—that is, the Governor and his
friends—" adhere" to it. The President says:
" This Topeka. government, adhered to with *uch treason-
able p^itinacity, is a goverrn^nt in direct opposition to ihe
existing government prescribed and recognized by Con-
gress.'5"
Now, Mr. Chairman, the President has made a
discovery of one of two things—either a new kind
of "treason," or of "pertinacity." To adhere
to the Topeka government with some kind of
ii pertinacity,I suppose would not be incompat-
