1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
snmn; and such further information as may be
within his knowledge in regard to all matters con-
nected therewith. All acts, or parts of acts, in-
consistent with the provisions of this act, will be
thereby repealed.
Mr.'JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state to
the Senate, as briefly as i can, the results of my
examinations in connection with this subject, so
as to give to those who wish to pay any attention
t.o this matter, in as short space as possibie, as
full understanding as I can of the nature, charac-
ter, and features of this bill. I will state, in the
first place, that the committee believe it perfects
the present system of public printing. It codifies
all the laws in.regard to the printing, engraving,
and binding for Congress, and the printing for the
Executive Departments. Those laws are now
very much scattered, and some of them are to be
found in the appropriation bills, so that it is fre-
quently impossible for any one not perfectly fa-
miliar with these inatters to get possession of the
laws that control our action. In that respect, the
present laws in regard to public printingaie ex-
ceedingly defective, and codification is required.
This bill not only codifies the existing printing
laws, but it also makes such amendments as ex-
perience has suggested to be necessary and proper.
Jt has been prepared with a great deal of care by
the committee which has had special chaige of
this matter.
In August, 1852, the present printing system
was adopted. This bill is the result of all the
experience of six years' practical operation. It
has been prepared with the constant and faithful
aid of the Superintendent and of his office, by
the Committee on Printing on the part of the Sen-
ate; and the committees that have relation to this
particular branch of service in the House of Rep-
resentatives, have also been consulted in each
instance. In regard to all those committees, I be-
lieve I may say, without being questioned by any
man upon earth, that the highest confidence ex-
ists in the integrity, in the purity, in the determin-
ation of the Superintendent of Printing, now to
aid in every respect within his power, to render
this system one that will' protect the interest of
the United States and carry on the public work.
This bill has been submitted to the accounting
officers of the Treasury for their views. They had
it under consideration, and returned the bill, with-
out being;able to suggestany furtheramendments,
and have expressed themselves gratified that it
has been brought to the degree of perfection which
we have been able to obtain. It has been twice
printed, and sent abroad for comment; it has been
distributed in the Senate and in the House of
Representatives for examination. Many mem-
bers of the -Senate and House of Representatives,
after having read over and considered this bill,
have suggested amendments, and m every in-
stance, those suggestions which have been made
by members of either House, many of whom are
practical men, have been considered maturely, and
adopted or rejected as we believed they were best
calculated for the public inteiest. In some in-
stances they have been rejected, for the reason that
we did not wish, on this occasion, to raise vexed
questions, or questions that would defeat the
greater objects of the bill, those objects being econ-
omy, and the reduction of the public printing to
the real uses of the different departments of the
Government, more particularly the two branches
of Congress. Every suggestion for improvement
has invariably been considered by the committee,
and adopted or rejected with reference to these
objects.
We also have to say that we know the bill is
not and cannot be made perfect m a single effort.
We also are aware that the session of Congress
is now very near its close, and if wo bring into a
measure of this kind disputed questions they will
defeat the passage of any bill, and leave in force
those laws which now exist. Those laws leave
unlicensed power in each branch of Congress, and
in the various Departments of the Government,
in the hands of various individuals who are em-
ployes oftheGovernmentunderdifferentbranches
of the public service, to involve us constantly in
expenditures, which, when they are begun—and
in the beginning of them there is no control—you
can point to no limit. Expenses may now be in-
curred, and the argument urged that you lose all
that has been expended unless you carry on vast
schemes of public printing.
The bill, as the committee believe, restrains the
license which now exists, and reduces the annual
expense of public printing by about the amount
of one million dollars, and yet secures to the pub-
lic interest, secures to the legislation of each branch
of Congress, all that may be needed, and all that
can be needed. Where more is necessary than
the usual number, it but demands, by the terms
of the bill, that the concurrent sense of each branch
ofCongress, irrespective of party or its influences,
shall unite, and say that it is for the public inter-
est that a large amount of print';.-, shall be done,
and then the larger amount can be obtained. The
effect will be to prevent the printing of extra num-
bers of large documents by the separate order of
either House of Congress at the expense of the
contingent fund of that House, which the com-
mittee believe in many instances produces an un-
constitutional expenditure of money, an expend-
iture which first secures a large contingent fund
to each House, and then wastes it on objects
which do not meet with the concurrence of both
Houses of Congress and the Executive.
The bill may perhaps be supposed to come in
conflict with two other plans that are conceived
of and discussed in the committees of the other
House. One of these is for a printing bureau;
the other is for the contract system in regard to
all public printing. I will say nothing of the mer-
its of either of those measuies. After a concur-
rent meeting between the committee of this I [ouse
and the special committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and at the same time uniting the
Committee on Printing of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the Committee on Engraving of
the House of Representatives, we all became sat-
isfied that something ought to be done promptly.
All became satisfied that this measure had many
features in it which had not been considered or
reflected upon by the committees who were set-
ting up other plans, that some of them were ne-
cessary to any of those other plans, that at the
same time this plan, which is merely a perfection
of existing laws thataie too defective to be per-
mitted to stay in force any longer as they are,
was a concurrent and not a rival scheme. If, heie-
after, it be deemed better to have a printing bureau,
or to adopt the contiact system, this law can be
repealed. We only propose now to amend a law
winch is so utterly defective that it has involved
us in the expenditure of millions of dollars annu-
ally for the execution of the public printing, and
has involved us m schemes the end of* which we
do not- know. Why, sir, there is a single item of
public printing which has been in the courso of
prosecution for the last fifteen years, and is not
yet completed, and there is not now, that we are
aware of, a solitary entire copy of the work in
existence. Thirty volumes have already been
printed, and it is not yet complete. I have in-
quired m our public library, and I cannot find a
complete copy of it.
Several Senators. What is it ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I allude to
Wilkes'sexploring expedition. That work is not
yet completed, and I believe the officers in charge
of it are still here, and have been ever since the
expedition returned. They have been here so
long that I doubt whether they know the names
of the ropes that belong to a ship.
Passing from that, there is the Pacific railroad
exploring expedition, which has gone up to six
or seven volumes, and 1 do not know where it is
to terminate. It has already cost millions of dol-
lars. Then there is Gilhss's exploring expedition,
of a similar character; but it is not necessary to
go into an enumeration of the various items swell-
ing up the enormous expenditures of public print-
ing.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator whether the publication of which we have
received a volume, being the report of the Army
officers who went to Europe during the Crimean
war, is ended ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not know,
butl have no idea that it js ended. Gentlemen in-
form me that it is notconcluded, and I should be
glad if you would point me to anything in connec-
tion with public printing that is concluded.
One great merit of this bill is that it introduces
a system of rigid accountability. Something
should be done to arrest the state of things to
which I have called attention, and the heads of
Departments ought to send off officers who will,
under cover of law, extend their publications to
such an enormous extent. It gives them a home
here, and gives them an immunity from the du-
ties which they owe for the places they hold, and
therefore we find so many of our officers engaged
here in compiling books. You must stop it some-
where. I do not say that this bill will stop it. I
know vei y weU that if a bill were proposed to stop
it, personal feeling would be engendered in the
hearts of gentlemen, and there would be a long
debate. That is not proposed here, and I am
sorry to sftyso. We have been compelled to mod-
erate our demands and not go so far as we thought
would be well. We have confined ourselves to
somethmgpractical, to something which we think
we can obtain, which will correct, to a great ex-
tent, the evils under which we now suffer.
The Mexican boundary surveyis another work
of the class to which I before alluded. One of the
methods by which these expensive piojects are
got in, is to ask you to print the u3ual number.
When the printing of Wilkes's expedition was
ordered, only one hundred copies were asked.
Of many other things wo have printed ten thou-
sand, twenty thousand, even thirty thousand
copies for a single branch of Congress. The
Wilkes expedition began with only one hundred
copies, and it is not complete in fifteen years. 1
am in formed, and confidently believe, that it is the
most magnificent work ever published; and I sup-
pose we may say it with justice, it js entirely
regal, and the most spendid and costly work the
world ever knew; and this has been printed by
the American Congress. We do not even receive
the,tribute of having done a magnificent thing.
These matters seem to be got up to gratify the
personal pride and personal case of officers who
engage m expeditions and surveys, rather than
for any other purpose.
1 shall not, however, go into that subject, be-
cause this bill does not propose to put a definitive
end to that, but to restrict the system, to codify
and amend the laws in existence, and put all per-
sons connected with the public printing in a posi-
tion of nccountabihty to the officers of the Treas-
ui y, where they are not now accountable at all, in
point of fact, so that each step shall be known by
Congress, and those gentlemen who wish to op-
pose these corruptions,or not so much corruptions
as vices of the system, shall be able effectually
and effectively to get all the facts, and oppose them
and defeat them. This is what the bill pro-poses,
and in this respect it puts an end to these diffi-
culties.
Mr. HUNTER. Dogs it reduce the price of
priming ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It reduces the
amount of printing; and when you reduce the
amount, as a matter of course you reduce the cost
of printing. The argument ever has been here, and
it has been the most seductive and most fatal argu-
ment which has been brought before Congress,
that when you have printed the usual number of
a document you have incurred the greater portion
of the>expense,and the multiplication of that order
afterwards will cost very little, and you might as
well do it. The consequence of yielding to such
appeals has been, that this body has ordered
twenty-seven thousand copies of a single work
to be printed, and the other House one hundred
thousand.
This committee, seeking to do strict justice,
seeking to curtail and cut down these expenses
where it is possible to do so, and to prevent the
publication of books of heavy size, have provided
that no extra copies of books now required by
law to be bound, to wit, of the size of two hun-
dred and fifty pages, shall be ordered to be print-
ed unless by a bill or joint resolution requiring
the concurrence of all branches of the law-making
power. At present, such propositions are passed
by single resolutions of one House*, introduced
when perhaps no man is noticing what is going
on; and they are passed with the knowledge of
but very few. This proposition requires all such
movements to stand the test of both Houses, re-
ceiving three readings in all the usual forms, and
being carried to the Executive. If they are not
worthy of that class of support, these things
should not be printed at all. It is from a disre-
gard of these regular rules of legislation that both
branches of Congress have been vie'ing with each
other which shall involve the public Treasury to
the greatest degree. This is the fact now, and
