854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,"
fasten slavery upon the Territory and future State
of Kansas, but it also seeks to make slavery a
permanent Element in our national politics.
All understand that two different systems of la-
bor prevail in this country, and that the division
is entirely sectional—the South alone employing
unpaid black slave labor, and the North employ-
ing paid white labor. Between these two systems
there is a natural and eternal antagonism; and as
labor is the source of all wealth—national and in-
dividual—each of these two systems is struggling
for ascendency, and for the fostering care of Gov-
ernment. It has been somewhat frequently ob-
served of late, that " this Government was made
for white men;" but, sir, there is a large number
of persons in this land to-day that would like
some better proof of this than naked assertion. So
thoroughly has the African Democratic party
committed itself to the interests of slave labor,
and against free labor, that there has come to be
a prevailing sentiment that no other interest can
gain a respectful hearing, even at the hands of this
Administration.
For what purpose has the President sanctioned
the frauds and wrongs committed against the
people of Kansas, but to force the institution of
African slavery upon them? Why, but to give
that vast domain to be tilled and cultivated by
men possessed of" no rights that white men are
bound to respect," and with no motive, but one
six feet long, with a cracker attached to the end of
it? Sir, I dislike to arraign the motives of men,
but upon no other hypothesis can I account for
the action of this Administration. The white
laborers of this country have an imperishable
interest in this question; it is nothing less than
whether the unoccupied territories of this country
shall be given over for the benefit of a class of men
who own the laborer and the fruits of his hands,
or whether it shall be developed by the skill and
toil of the free laborer, and shall bean inheritance
_to him, and his children after him, for an ever-
lasting possession ?
Nor is this all; for, involved in this issue, is the
great question of the rights and dignity of labor, as
a part of the political economy of the country and
of the world. None better know than the pres-
ent Administration, that the fastening of slavery
upon Ifansas would diminish the cash value of its
real estate one half, and from this depression she
would never recover; and that giving the people
the rights guarantied to them by the organic act,
would double its value. Nor is this all. The
wealth and power of any nation is measured by
the value of its productive industry; and none can
doubt, who has paid the slightest attention to the
statistics On this subject, that free labor is more
than twice as productive as slave labor. If any
doubt this, I commend to them the statistics of
the census returns of 1850.
Notwithstanding this array of reasons and facts,
which should be a guide to prudent statesmen, we
find'this Administration fully committed to the
policy of forcing the institution of slavery, with
all its attendant evils, against the remonstrances
• of its people, against their direct vote at the ballot-
box to the contrary, against all the forms of rep-
utable supplication, even against the admonitions
and warnings of those best qualified to judge in
the matter, that civil war will follow the despotic
act, and the plains and prairies of Kansas will
smoke with the warm blood of our fellow-citizens,
shed by their brothers'hands; in spite of all this,
the Administration rushed madly upon this pol-
icy. What infatuation ! What madness! What
folly ! And for what is all this to be hazarded?
To give Kansas to slave labor, and thereby shut
out free labor from the State. Is this an object
worthy of a great statesman—one who has spent
a large portion of a long life in the public service?
Does this Democratic party know that labor
has rights which it is bound to protect? Does
this party know that there is such a principle as
a democracy of wealth, and that it is labor ?
It was a remark of Samuel Adams, if it is not
incendiary and sectional to quote him here, that
" where private rights were infringed, there tyr-
anny began." By applying this rule to the treat-
ment bestowed upon the people of Kansas by this
Administration, some light may be thrown upon
the character of the executive intervention. The
Administration have systematically trampled up-
on every right of this people; and whenever and
wherever its agents have refused to carry out its
mandates,*tlie decree, remorseless as death, has
gone forth,'6 off with his head;" so much for Ree-
dcr, so much for Shannon, so much for Geary, so
much'for Walker, and so much for Stanton; and
unless this bill passes before the next session of
Congress, I predict you will see General Denver
trudging home with his head in a basket. Why,
sir, Kansas has become a Golgotha of Democratic
Governors; for the head of each of those sent
there, is, without an exception, left to bleach and
whiten on the plains of Kansas. To such an ex-
tent is this carried, and so true is it, that it has
become the bourn from whence no political trav-
eler returns; and for aught that appears to the
contrary in the President's message, this may be
one strong reason in his mind for urging the ad-
mission of Kansas—thus preventing the decima-
tion of the party by destroying its Kansas Gov-
ernors to such an extent that the Republicans will
have an easy victory over it in 1860.
But, sir, this is foreign to my purpose; for the
subject, in this free land, of arraying a great
party, and that party the reigning one, against
the free labor of the country, and fostering in its
stead slave labor, thus rearing an hereditary aris-
tocracy, is too serious in its consequences to bo
trifled with, but is one to be treated with solem-
nity commensurate with its importance. Its con-
sequences are not confined to to-day, or to this
generation of men; but they are to be far-reach-
ing and absorbing, and in the end overwhelming.
It is nothing less than to Africanize the Govern-
ment in all its relations. Gentlemen who make
wry faces at the Lecompton constitution, admit-
ting it to be an atrocious outrage and fraud upon
the people, but conclude to shut their eyes and
swallow it, for the purpose of ending all further
controversy, will have ample time for repentance
before the agitation ends.
And now, I ask of the conservative men of the
South if they are willing that the institution of
slavery shall take this additional load upon itself,
in this day and generation? Is it not enough that
it has concentrated upon itself the world's unmiti-
gated scorn, but it must needs take upon itself the |
additional burden of seconding the Administra-
tion in its crusade against the free labor of the j
country? Are you, the conservative slaveholders j
of the country, willing to allow the institutions of ;
your section to become the cause and instrument |
of the further aggrandizement of this Administra- ]
tion—of building up and further extending the I
power and rule of the African Democracy of this
country, who seek by their policy to Africanize
the productive industry of the country? I tell
gentlemen plainly, that while chivalry once had a
name and a. prestige, yet in these African-Demo-
cratic hands its gold has become dim and its lus-
ter is faded; and unless it is speedily rescued, its
glory will have depaited forever. Sir, the civil-
ized world cannot, and will not, look on compla-
cently, and see this great and monstrous wrong
consummated upon this people;and their anathe-
mas and execrations will be hurled against the
institution in whose name and in whose behalf it
is perpetrated.
The disposition of this and the past Adminis-
tration has been clearly manifested in regard to
the affairs in the Territory of Kansas, by the his-
torical fact, shown by special messages and pub-
lic documents, as well as its secret intrigues, that
it has at all times taken sides with the usurpers
of its Government, and against Governors of its :
own appointment. And, Mr. Chairman, it is a :
remarkable fact, that every sober, decent man, i
who has gone out to Kansas in behalf of the Gov- ]
ernment, has been sustained by the people, and
as uniformly destroyed by the national Executive.
Look at another fact upon the very surface of the
late message of the President. The complaints ;
against the people by Governor Walker, on his i
arrival in the Territory, before he had had any j
opportunity to become acquainted with the dis- !
turbing causes in operation there, are all elabo-
rately quoted by the President; while his maturer 1
views, his riper judgment, made up against his
prejudices and his preconceived opinions, but
forced from him by stubborn facts, that trans- [
pired under his own vision—these are all sup-
pressed; to these the President is oblivious.
But, sir, the President goes further in his efforts
to sustain the usurpers of the government in Kan-
sas, and in their aid to drive out the free laborers
of that Territory, to make way for slave labor;
thus seeking to Africanize the Territories, and
drive out the free man. Not satisfied with throw-
ing the entire weight of his influence and patron-
age into the scale against the rights of the people,
he invokes the aid of the Federal judiciary, hoping
thereby to seal the conclusion and arrest the argu-
ment. The very manner with winch he brings
it/orward in his message, reveals the inward sat-
isfaction in which he indulges in having at his
hand so potential an auxiliary. He_ says:
" It lias been solemnly adjudged, liy the highest judicial
tribunal known to our laws, that slavery exists in Kansas
hy virtue of the Constitution of the United States."
And his feeble echoes here and through the coun-
try, have reiterated the same grave charge against
the Supreme Court of the United States. Sir, I
am no lawyer, but some of my constituents are;
and with the argument of one of them, I reply that
I utterly deny that any such question has ever
bCen adjudicated by the Supreme Court. No such
question has yet been presented to that court
for its consideration; and I respectfully submit
whether it is competent, nay, whether it is pos-
sible, for any tribunal to decide any question not
presented; or is it possible and competent for a
court of law to dccidc upon any question that may
suggest itself to any of its members during its sit-
tings, whether of iaw or politics? I take it, sir, and
to my poor comprehension it is entirely clear, that
the court will travel from its jurisdiction and func-
tions when it attempts to consider or decide any
other question than that presented by the case;
and I respectfully submit that the existence of sla-
very in the Territories, by " virtue" of ourCon-
stitution, has never been presented to the court.
I do not deny, nor doubt, but the court have given
an opinion that such is the fact; but that opinion
is not a decision, and is worth just as much—and
no more, under the circumstances—as the opin-
ion of the same number of respectable lawyers
touching the same fact. The dictum, of the court
is a very different affair from a decision—the one
is binding until it is reversed, the other simply an
intimation of what their decision would be were
the question before them m a legal condition to
be adjudicated.
Mr. Chairman, this is not the first time the
President has quoted this court to sustain him in
his position, in taking sides with the usurpers
against the people of Kansas. He refers to it in
nearly the same language in his letter to some gen-
tlemen in Connecticut, last September; and this,
to me, constituted one of the characteristics of
that remarkable letter, for I believe it is the first
time in the history of the Government, when a
President of the Republic has deemed it expedi-
ent to reply to a petition of the citizens, and to
improve the occasion to deliver them a lecture on
patriotism in general and theirduties in particular.
But de gustibus non est disputandwn is as true now
as when uttered for the first time.
The doctrine of the President, as drawn from
his message, and 1 believe of the whole African
Democratic party to-day is, thatslavery exists in
all our Territories until they are organized into
i States. Tins doctrine has the merit, at least, of
being novel and entirely contrary to the views of all
American statesmen till withm a very recent period.
And, sir, I must be allowed to inquire by what
law slavery exists in our Territories? and what
consequences are to flow from this doctrine?
Slavery is not an abstraction, but, as the logicians
say, is a tiling in the concrete. The institution
exists in this country by virtue of local law. All
its powers are given and all itsfeatures are molded
by municipal law. The master has nopowerover
his slave but what the law gives him. Slavery
exists nowhere by the laws of Congress; and in
our slave States the local laws confer but very
limited .powers upon this species of property.
The gcjieraJrightof property in an animal implies
the right to take its life for the convenience or
luxury of its owner; but in none of the States of
this country has the master of a slave the right
to take his life for such reasons. In various other
respects this right of property in the slave is lim-
ited by the local law. Nor do any two of the
slaveholdmg States perfectly agree in this limit-
ation; for in some, while the power of the master
is nearly absolute, in others it is contracted, and
the slave enjoys more freedom. Hence slavery
is a very different thing in some of the States from
what it is in others; and the Legislature of any
•State has power to make the difference still greater,
