2964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
colleagues upon this floor are as well posted up
as they are, and that we are prepared to vote,
and then we shall be able to adjourn on Monday.
The question being on postponing,
Mr. SAVAGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Bur-
roughs, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F.
Clark, Clawson,Clemens,Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Co-
mins, Covode, Cragm, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana, DavU of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dxirfee, Edie, Eustis, denton, Foster,
Garnett, Giddings, Giiman,Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, llaskin, Hill, Hoard, Ilorton,
Howard, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Leiter, Humphrey Marshall, Mattesotj, M-aynard, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H.Morse, Molt, Olin,
Palmer, Parker, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Q.uitman, Rea-
gan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Sickles, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan,Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe, Un-
derwood* Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Eliihu B. Wat-h-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wood, Woodson, and ZollicofFer
—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Bocock,
Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie,
Cavanaugh, John B. Clark, Clay. Cobb, John Cochrane,
Corning, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimimck, Dowddl,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley,
Gartrell, Gillis, Goode, Greenwood, Thomas L. Harris,
Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Ilughes, Jackson,
Jenkins. Jeweit, George W. Jones, J Glnncy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kellv, Jacob M. Kurtkcl, Landy, Leidv, Letcher,
Maclay, McUueen, Mason, Miles, Millson, Moore, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Phillips, R«jillv, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter. Sin-
gleton, Stallvvorth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Talbot, Miles Taylor, While, and Whiteley—80.
So the subject was postponed until the second
Monday of December next.
Mr. COCKERILL stated, pending the call of
the roll, that he had paired off with Mr. Harlan.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Farnsworth had paired off upon this vote
with Mr. Savage.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Kilgore, who had re-
tired from the Hall on account of indisposition;
and that he [Mr. Wright] would have voted in
the negative.
Mr. MATTESON stated that Mr. Morse, of
Maine, was detained from the House by sickness
in his family, and had paired off with Mr. Smith,
of Illinois.
Mr, NIBLACK stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative if hei had been in the Hall
when his name was called.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the consideration of the ques-
tion was postponed, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to report
back from the Committee of Ways and Moans
the Senate amendments to House bill (No. 466)
making appropriations for the expense of collect-
ing the revenue from customs, and House bill
(No. 55C) making appropriations for the servicc
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
There being no objection, the reports were
made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
amendments to these two bills be referred to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Before that motion is put, I
ask that the amendments just reported be made
the special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union until disposed of, and
that debate be closed on them, respectively, in five ,
minutes after the committee shall take them up j
for consideration.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COMINS. I desire to move, before we
go into committee, that the light-house appiopii-
ation bill be made the special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
immediately after the committee shall have dis-
posed of the amendments which have just been
referred to it.
Mr. BURNETT. How does the gentleman
from Massachusetts get the floor to make that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. He cannot make the motion,
unless the gentleman from Pennsylvania gives
way for that purpose.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I insist upon my
motion to go into committee.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Umon, (Mr.
Hopkins in the chair,) and took up for consider-
ation, according to order, the Senate amendments
to House bill (No. 556) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1859.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BIL1
The Senate amendments were taken up irt their
order, when the following action was had taereon.
First amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following*
Sec. 3. J2nd be it farther enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the President, with the consent ot the Senate, a
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General, who shtUJ receive the
same compensation which is paid to each of the other As-
sistant Postmasters General; and thetaid Fouith Assistant
Postmastei General is hereby authorized to send and lccejve
ietteirf, packages, and other papeis, upon official business,
through the mails free of postage, subject to the same re-
strictions and penalties as the other Assistant Postmasteis
General; and that the sum of $3,000 is hereby appropiuited
for the salary of said officer for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1850.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Under the present
arrangement the duties proposed to be conferred
upon this Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
are performed by the chief clerk. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
Mr. HOUSTON. My opinion is that this
amendment ought to prevail. The amendment
may be in the wrong place, (being general legis-
lation in an appropriation bill;) and if we propose
to reject all amendments which come to us from
the Senate that may be obnoxious to that objec-
tion, then 1 would say let this fail with the rest;
but such is not the case. Other amendments of
the same character are assented to, and if this one
makes a reform, essential and necessary, we must
judge of it upon its merits, as other propositions
are judged upon their merits.
The organization of the Post Office Department
at present, is such that there are really four bu-
reaus in that Department. There are the First,
Second, and Third Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, as also the inspection office, the duties of
which are now performed by the chief clerk.
There is another view of this subject. The du-
ties of this office are more important in many re-
spects than those performed by the other bureaus
—if I may so call them—of the Post Office Depart-
ment. Those duties are now performed by the
phief clerk of the Department, a person who re-
ceives but a small salary, when viewed m connec-
tion with his duties; and it is impossible for the
Postmaster General, for the salary of his chief
clerk, to obtain the services of a man qualified to
decide the questions which come before that office
under the present arrangement. The questions
which come up, and are now decided by the chief
clerk of the Department are very important, in-
volving the validity of all of the mail contracts
that give rise to litigation or controversy—ques-
tions which grow out of and are involved in the
assessment and release of lines, forfeitures, &c.,
by mail failures,and defaultsof every kind spring-
ing out of the mail service. These arc now passed
upon by the chief clerk 3 who has a salary of
$1,800 or $2,000.
A Member. Two thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says $2,200.
I do not care whether it is ^,200 or £2,000. You
cannot get a person who is qualified to discharge
the duties of the office for that salary. If the
Postmaster General were authorized to pay a
sufficient salary, he should require and appoint
a lawyer of the first ability to go there and dis-
charge the duties which appeitain to the officc.
Ail the contractors of the country are quite as
deeply interested in this Assistant as in any other.
It is impossible for the Postmaster General, in •
addition to his other onerous duties, individually
to look over and properly examine into all the
questions of law and all the contracts and litigated
subjects which at present go before the chief
clerk. He has not the time to do it; and if gen-
tlemen will refer to the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Coi,lamer,] who has
himself discharged the duties of Postmaster Gen-
eral, they will find a conclusive and satisfactory
argument in favor of the creation of this fourth
Assistant.
Mr. ENGLISH. To enable me to say aword,
I will offer a formal amendment, to increase the
salary one dollar. Mr, Chairman, I think I am as
little inclined to increase the number of officers of
the General Government as any member on this
floor; but after a careful examination of this sub-
ject, I am satisfied there is a necessity for the cre-
ation of this office. It is important that someone
should be placed in charge of the supervision of
the various contracts made with individuals for
carrying the mails of the United States; and it
requires a person with high attainments to dis-
charge the duties of this office properly. These
contracts amount to about ten million dollars a
year, I believe; and it is necessary for some one
to determine whether the contracts have been
propeily executed; whether fines should be im-
posed for the non-performance of contracts, and
to decide various other propositions which ought
not to be devolved on a mere clerk of the Depart-
ment.
In addition to this, this Department ought to
have a chief clerk, as other Departments have.
As the matter stands at present, the entire time
of the chief clerk of this Department is taken up
in the discharge of those peculiar duties. He has
not time to attend to the general business of the
Department, or to discharge the duties usually
performed by the chief clerk. I only desire to
say that, in my humble judgment, after investiga-
ting the whole subject, there is a necessity for the
creation of this office. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, fro forma, to reduce
the appropriation $500. No member of this House,
I think, has proved himself move jealous than I
have been of any increase of executive patron-
age, more anxious to reduce the expenses of Gov-
ernment, or more earnest m endeavors to reduce
the number of its office holders. But I feel it
equally aduty,asa member of an American Con-
gress, whenever a clear case of necessity can be
shown, to establish a new post office, or a post
route, or a new bureau in a Department, or a
proper officer for one already existing. And I
can say that tins is a rase, and the only case I
have found, of all that have been presented here,
where I have felt justified in establishing an ad-
ditional officer in any of the Departments.
What are the facts? The Post Office Depart-
ment is increasing in its business witn extraordi-
nary rapidity. It is divided naturally into four
bureaus—the appointment office, in charge of the
Fust Assistant Postmaster General; the contract
office, in charge of the Second Assistant; the
finance office, in charge of the Third Assistant;
and the inspection office, in charge of the chief
clerk. In the first bureau, the number of post
offices have increased in nine years from sixteen
to twenty-seven thousand, and its business is per-
formed by the same number of clerks it had in
1849, a highly creditable exception to the general
rule here of increasing the number of subordinates
for any possible reason. In the second bureau,
since its organization, in 1S36, thirty-ei^ht mil-
lion miles have been added to the annual trans-
portation of the mails, npd its business connected
therewith has increased to one thousand six hun-
dred cases per month. In tiie third bureau, six
thousand five hundred mail contractors are now
paid quarterly, and four hundred and fifty route or
mail agents paid monthly. It supplies twenty-
three thousand post offices quarterly, or oftener,
with postage stamps and envelopes; receives,
opens, and registers the quarterly accounts from
twenty-seven thousand post offices, making one
hundred and eight thousand per year; and counts,
opens, examines $nd compares six hundred and
fifty thousand dead letteis per quarter. In the
fourth bureau, the chief clerk has choree of the
inspection office, which has grown into a most
important branch of the Department, over which
