8m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
those engaged in manufacturing, in commerce, in
mechanic arts, and maritime pursuits, must have
wages, and high wages, that they may live well,
and lay up something for old age, and they are
even now demanding it. And from what source,
what branch of industry are these wages to be
obtained? Agriculture, of course. No other pur-
suit of man produces that which actually adds to
the material and permanent wealth of a nation.
It is the great foundation of all prosperity, and
from it every other pursuit of man derives its sup-
port. This, I admit, is the necessary result of
pursuits, and to it I do not object, if each is left
to its intrinsic capabilities for success; but this
will not be done when the Free Sorters and Aboli-
tionists get the ascendency—and therefore it is,
that the struggle is conducted on their part with
such untiring perseverance.
Never, in the past contest of parties, have they
resorted to a strategy more indicative of success
than their present opposition to the admission of
Kansas, and the reason they give therefor. They
see and know, if they can induce northern Dem-
ocrats to agree with them upon this question,
they succeed in the destruction of the nationality
of that party and the completion of the.cordon of
free States; and with the Democratic party rent
asunder, and the equilibrium between the free
and slave labor destroyed, they will be "able then
to force their system of oppressive measures upon
the country. I ask northern Democrats to-day,
if they will allow the overthrow of our party by
such strategy—if they will split with the South
upon the question of Kansas? There are no good
reasons why you should; and of this I shall en-
deavor to convince you in the course of my argu-
ment to-day.
Mr. Chairman, members say they cannot con-
sent tp force upon the people of Kansas a form
of government to which they are opposed. Like
them, sir, I would not force the people to accept a
constitution prepared by Congress for the Terri-
tory, against their known wishes; but in a con-
test like this, when they are divided into two
parties, cach struggling for the ascendency, and
each resorting to strategy for success, IVould not
interfere against one and m favor of the other;
and this is what those who oppose the ad mission
of Kansas propose to do. It is said a majority,
a large majority, of the people of Kansas condemn
the present constitution, and invoke the aid of the
Government to protect them, liow has the ma-
jority been defeated, if such is the fact? This
majority is composed of men who went to Kansas
for the purpose of resisting its constituted legal
authorities, and have been in rebellion to the ter-
ritorial government from thecommencement, and
have allowed those who respected law and oidcr
to control matters in the Terutory; while they, at
every step, have been endeavoring to make that
the ground of rebellion and war, and would have
done so, only for the presence of United States
trofrps in their midst; and now they come, with
their past hideous conduct reeking upon then-
garments, and ask members upon this floor to
become parties with them in resisting those who
have acted in strict obedience to law, national and
territorial. Bat, sir, what is it we foreo upon
them ? The admission of Kansas under her Le-
co&pton constitution will effect no change m the
present condition of interests m the Territory, or
in the powers and sovereignty of the people of
that Territory. Slavery exists there now, not
by virtue of the Lecompton constitution^ but by
virtue of other laws. It existed there at the time
we purchased the country fiom Fiance, and has
never been abolished, it exists there by viitue
of the common law of the Territory. That com-
mon law is made up of the laws of all the other
States in this Union, and has the sanction of the
Constitution of the United States. The laws of
the slave States and free States unite and blend,
and mingle and commingle in the Territory of
Kansas, and make the common law, inpait, of
the Territory. When a person moves from Mis-
sissippi to Kansas, ho carries with him so much
of her laws—not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United Stales—as is necessary to de-
termine his right to the property he takes with
him. The same thing happens m the case of a
citizen from Ohio. The Mississippian takes his
negro to Kansas, and is entitled to his services
there, he having a property right in him, vested
by the laws of Mississippi, and not being incon-
sistent with any law in Kansas. The Constitution
of the United States recognizes and respects his
rights thus vested, and is-bound to protect him in
the enjoyment thereof.
I admit, no greater portion of the law of Mis-
sissippi follows the removed citizen than is ne-
cessary to establish and maintain his title to the
- property taken by him. The Constitution of the
j United States does not take property to any place,
j but protects it everywhere it may be found, not
inconsistent with the local lav/.
! Now, the Lecompton constitution does not take
I from the people of Kansas a single right that be-
: longs to them as a people, nor does it deprive
j them of a single power they now have to regulate
| their own institutions in their own way. Although
the State may be admitted into the Union, the
right to regulate their institutions hereafter in their
own way will not be taken from them, but really
will be the best enabling act in the world, and will
give them the absolute control over all their insti-
tutions, with full power to change, alter, and
modify, in their own discretion, without inter-
ference by Congress, President, Governors, Mis-
sourians, or any one else. We simply say to the
1 people, take the Territory absolutely, and regulate
your own institutions, according to the will of the
majority, in your own way. This localizes the
question in dispute there., and restores harmony
to this distracted country, and disperses the cloud,
red with wrath, which now hangs over us.
But, sir, has then* been any irregularity in
the formation of the Lecompton constitution, for
which this Government can interfere ? Todeterm-
me this question, we must first look to the powers
of this Government. They are, at this day, by
all classes of politicians, admitted to be limited to
specific objects. Now, what may the General Gov-
ernment do in regard to Territories belonging to
it? The third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution authorizes Congress to admit into
the Union new States. From this clause of the
Constitution Congress cannot derive authority to
create new States. The word admit limits the
powers of Congress, and presupposes the already
existence of a State created by competent power,
which can only be an original, independent, and
inherent sovereignty—a power only to be found
with the people, and to be exercised by them, in
their own way.
Ail the powers of Congress arc legislative, and
conferred by the States m the constitutional com-
pact, and are, therefore, inferior to, and incapable
of, performing the great sovcieign act of making
| a State. The formation of a State constitution and
| erection of a State, is a sovereign creative act, and
; can be exercised hy the people only. It i-s the
j compact—agreement entered into by the people,
i cieating a government and authorizing the exer-
| cise of legislative powers. The same article of
! the Constitution authorizes Congress to make all
i needful ruW and regulations respecting the Tcr-
| ritoiies of the United States. From this, author-
j ity to create cannot be derived; it only authorizes
! legislation. By this clause Congress is authorized
| to sell or give away the public lands, for the ob-
| ject had in view in creating the trust. Also, when
i a proper number of persons, forming a society
I sufficiently large to authorize it, have settled in
, the Territory, Congress may pass needful rules
• and regulations for their government; which rules
pand regulations must be sucli as emanate from its
: powers. Congress may adopt a " rale." Ji ride
' is a law or regulation to be observed by the soci-
ety to whom it is given, and its paiticuiar mem-
bers. The word " regulation" m the Constitu-
tion, then, is embraced in the word " rule," and
restricts and limits the range ofthe word " ru!e"in
this clause of the Constitution. Then Congress
I may enact a law, a regulation for the observance
| and convenience of the people who compose the
. society while it continues in that state. But,sir,
! these rules and regulations confer no independent
i; sovereignty upon the people ofthe Territory. Con-
l! gross itself possesses no such power. It only
!' enacts laws for the benefit of the people. Mark,
, Mr. Chairman, Congress may pass needful rules
and regulations for tiie government of the Terri-
!; tory. This clause authorizes Congress to pass
: the rule,"as already stated. A question might
arise as to whether it can delegate that power to
i the society occupying the Territory. However,
the practice of the Government for sixty years
' sanctions it, and it need not now be controverted;
but, sir, when that power has been delegated, Con-
gress no longer has any more control over the ter-
ritory and people than she has over a State; be-
cause the right to legislate is blended with the
original creative sovereignty inherent in the peo-
ple, and to be exercised by them when the society
becomes constitutionally competent to make a
State.
The very act of the Government giving to the
people of Kansas a charter, authorizing them to
pass laws for themselves, enables them to do any-
thing and everything necessary to make a State
government, when their numbers will justify it.
This being the case, the people of the Territory
can only determine for themselves when it suits
them to change their political status, and when
they will exercise the full sovereign act of making
a State. Having come to this determination, they
can, for the first time, incorporate in the compact
between themselves, an agreement as to what
shall be property and what not; and they may
also agree that certain things, recognized as prop-
erty hy other States in the Union, shall not exist
with them as such, and can only bo exercised in
convention, by which the compact is made—be-
cause it is only in the exercise of the highest act
of sovereignty that this decision can be made. It
is the result of the agreement made by each of
the members who compose the society, with each
other—whereby everything held as property may
be divested of that attribute, and invested with
the elements of other property not previously so
existing.
When the people have thus agreed, the legis-
lative power cannot change the condition of things,
or alter their decree in relation thereto. It is this
reasoning which prohibits the Territorial Legis-
lature from divesting anything, taken to the Ter-
ritory as property, of that element. Congress,
having no powers but legislative, cannot do it her-
self, and of course cannot authorize it to be done.
The people of the Territory, in a state of so-
ciety, cannot determine whether slavery shall
exist or not, as in that condition they cannot ex-
ercise any legal control over the rights of persons
or things—nor can they do so in their legislative
character, they having derived from the Gov-
ernment power only to enact rules and regula-
tions, which is inferior to the power inherent in
the people to form a compact between themselves.
To my mind, then, it is most clear that the only
period at which the question of slavery can be
determined is in the convention.
But suppose, Mr. Chairman, in all this I am
wrong, and that an enabling act by Congress is
necessary. I shall now proceed to show the ex-
istence of such an act in the Nebraska-Kansas biii.
The Nebraska-Kansas act of 1854 not only adopts
the comprom ise act of 1850, but also declares "that
when admitted as a State, the said Territory, or
any portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union, with or without slavery, as their consti-
tution may prescribe at the time of their admis-
sion;" and this is declared to conform to the
cardinal principle of self-government. Now, the
cardinal is, slavery shall or shall not exist, as their
constitutions may proscribe at the time of their
admission. From whom is this constitution to
emanate'' The people. Why? Self-government
is the cardinal, and unless the people make the con
stitution, the cardinal is disregarded and aban-
doned.
Another portion of this act determines how the
State is to be made, and the question of slavery
settled, and is in this language:
"It brin«  the true intent and meaning of this act not fa
legislate slaveiy into any Teimoiy or State, nor to exclude
it thririrum ; bur to leave the people tiieieoi perfectly tree
to form and regulate ilieir domestic institution^ in tUeirown
way, subject only to Ike Constitution of the United States."
Hence, self-government is the cardinal, in obe-
dience to which the people of that and all other
Territories are to form and regulate their domestic
institutions, and in their own way, of which they
jf course must be the judges;and that way is sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States.
Acting upon the authority thus conferred, the peo-
ple of Kansas have formed their constitution in
their own way; and " that way" has the sanction
of all the past actsof this vast Government,State
and National. Through the ballot-box they au-
thorized the Legislature to make provisions for
the election of delegates to a convention. This
duty thfe Legislature performed. Delegates were
