1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
plished by striking out that proviso. I withdraw
theamendment, therefore, and offer in lieu of it
an amendment to strike out the proviso contained
on the twentieth page, between lines twenty-one
and twenty-five, in these words:
"'Provided; That nothing herein contained shall prevent
either House of Congress from ordering tile printing of extra
comes of any document, leport, or other matter for distri-
bution when the number of pages do not exceed two hun-
dred and fifty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
I shall be willing to vote for that; but, after all,
it is not a matter of so much consequence as the
Senator from Virginia supposes. It is compara-
tively trifling. The expense we are at for print-
ing extra copies arises from the great number of
extra copies that are printed of books to be bound.
The extra copies of unbound documents are very
limited in number. It is very seldom that we do
anything of the kind. They are good for noth-
ing for distribution, and there is no disposition
on the part of members to have a large number
of extra copies of them. Many of the smaller
documents of this description we need very much,
for they are the principal documents that we use
in the Senate Chamber. They get lost, and it is
important to have a supply of them. The extra
expense occasioned by these documents that are
unbound is very trifling indeed. The difficulty
is where the.honorable chairman has suggested;
arid that is irr the bound volumes.' Now, by law
as it exists, we bind nothing unless it exceeds in
number two hundred and fifty pages; and there-
fore this provision is inserted: that, with regard
to the bound volumes, which make all the ex-
pense, extra copies shall not be printed except by
authority of law. That, I think, meets the whole
difficulty. If Senators will look into it as the
chairman and the other members of the Commit-
tee on Printing have, they will find that the sav-
ing to be made by striking out this proviso would
hardly pay for the limitation on the necessary
power of the two branches in regard to these par-
ticular documents. I think, therefore, it had bet-
ter be left as it is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not wish
to have this bill fail by putting into it provisions
which mayembarrassitsgreatobjects;and I would
suggest to the Senator from Virginia whether his
object would not be accomplished by a restriction
of the proviso instead of striking it outaltogether.
If it be stricken out you could not print extra
numbers of any report, even of ten pages, or fifty
pages, or one hundred and fifty or two hundred
pages, except by authority of law. I will con-
sent to modify the proviso so that it shall read:
Nothing herein contained shall prevent either House of
Congress from ordering the printing of five thousand extra
copies, or less, of any documentor other matter, for distn-
tjution, when tile number of pages ilo not exceed two hun-
dred and fifty.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator assign to me
a reason why Congress should print five thou-
sand copies of any document, whatever its size,
whether large or small ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will; and I
will take the instance of the Dred Scott decision.
I do not know that I could take one which would
strike the Senator with more force within my ex-
perience here. It was the desire of one House
of Congress that that small document should be
printed and distributed. It was not two hundred
and fifty pages. It was not required to be bound.
We were anxious to distribute it, and the cost
was comparatively little. It was made greater
from quarters where it ought not to have been
made so. The cost, intrinsically, did not amount
to much. If it be made a matter of law, one
House differing from the other could shut out
from the public mind knowledge that might be
deemed of interest on a very grave and import-
ant-question.
That is the reason why, in a matter of small
cost, I should say that each branch should be left
to some discretion, and trusted for some virtue.
That is the reason why I oppose the amendment,
particularly when I know that, if both Houses
are allowed this privilege.it can involve no great
cost to the public Treasury, because it is impos-
sible, in the nature of things, that any great cost
can accrue in this respect. I say that a little dis-
cretion ought to be allowed; and I should not like
to agree to this amendment, because it ties the
hands and binds up the action of both branches
of Congress, so that they may feel justified in
throwing the whole bill overboard. I do not. wish
to lose the bill on such a small matter as this.
[" Question ! Gluestion !"]
Mr. SEWARD. If there is to be a question
on this bill, I am content to wait; but if there is
to be further debate, I shall move to adjourn.
Mr. MASON.' Let us take the question. I
shall say nothing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the ques-
tion is taken on striking out the proviso, I move
to amend it by inserting after the word " of,"in
the twenty-third line of page 20, " any number
not exceeding five thousand;" so as to read:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shaii prevent
either House of Congress from ordering the prinung of any
number not exceeding five thousand, &c.
Mr. MASON. I prefer to strike out the whole
proviso. I see no necessity for printing more than
the usual number of any document.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the ques-
tion is taken on striking out the proviso, the ques-
tion will be oil the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now insist on my motion to
strike out the whole proviso.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope it will
not bo stricken out as amended.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall be very glad to
! have an opportunity to examine this bill, but I
| will not interfere with it except that I should like
! to have the chairman give me an explanation of
section eight. It'is a very valuable section. It
reads as follows :
" That when any document shall be ordeied to be printed
by both Houses of Congress, the entire printing of such
document shall be done by the Punter of that House which
fiist ordered the same."
That I understand is to avoid the expense of
composition twice.
" And in ail cases where the same person or the same firm
shall be Pnnter for both Houses of Congress, and both
Houses shall oider the same document to he prmted, com-
position shall be charged but once for said document."
Now what I want to ask is, whether the first
provision does not cover this in all cases ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I know this
section well. We had it under discussion freely,
and I believe I am prepared to answer any ques-
tion in regard to it. The section now reads:
" When any document shall be oidered to be printed by
hoth Houses oi' Congress, the entne printing of such docu-
ment shall be done by the Printer of that House which
tirst ordered the same; and m all cases where the same
person or the same firm shall be Printer for both Houses of
Congress, and both Houses shall order the same document
to be printed, composition shall be charged but once for said
document."
In 1852, when the original bill was adopted, this
provision existed in the law; but subsequently, in
consequence of the fact that each House clected
separate Printers, provision was made  
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me. He does not understand my point. I un-
derstand the object of the first provision is to re-
turn to the old law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is, to provide that,
where both Houses order the same document to
| be printed, the expense of composition shall be
j charged once, and that to the House which first
ordered it to be printed; but he has got a little
something in here which would seem to limit that
general provision, which is very valuable, and that
is the words:
• : Where llie same person oi the same firm shall he Pnnter
for both Houses of Congress."
The rule would apply whether the same person
or firm was Printer or different persons were
i Printers. There may be a Printer to the Senate
and there may be a Printer to the House; they
may be different persons; but the object of the law
is to provide that, although they may be different
persons or different firms, yet composition shall
be charged but once, and that by the Printer who
first prints the same, that is, the Printer of the
House first ordering the printing. Now, I sug-
gest that those words should be struck out, and
it should read, after the word " same" in the
fourth line:
And in all cases where both Houses shall order the same
document to be printed, the composition shall be charged
but once, &c.
I propose to strike out the words, " the same
person or the same firm shall be Printer for both
Houses of Congress, and;" because we ought to
make no difference whether the same' person er
firm is Printer for both Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I see no ob-
jection to "what the Senator proposes. I did nst
see it in that light before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might leave an impli-
cation: I therefore move to strike out, after the
word " where" in the fifth line of the8th section,
the words " the same person or the same firm shall
be Printer for both Houses of Congress, and;"
so that .the section will read:
That when any document shall be ordered to be printed
by both Houses of Congress, the entire printing of such doc-
umentshall be done by thePrinterof that House which first
ordered the same; and in all cases where both Houses shall
order tlie same document to be printed, composition shall be
charged but once for sa'id document, ate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say, be-
fore I vote on this bill, that I am not quite satis-
fied that the prices, which are the same thing they
were before, are not now too high. I have had
very serious doubt on that subject; but I am not
prepared, not having looked at the bill until it
came up to-day, to suggest any further alterations
or amendments of it. I wish to say, however,
that from the examination I have made of the bill
cursorily at my desk, I am satisfied that it makes
very many improvements, and that it will save a
great deal of money if faithfully carried out. I
do not know but that it may be improved; but
the Senate being disposed to pass it without al-
lowing any further time to examine it, which I
should like, I shall make no objection, but simply
say that as it will do a great deal of good, in my
judgment, as it stands, I am willing to vote for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendments were concurred in, and the ques-
tion was stated: " Shall the bill be ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ?"
Mr. BRO WN. I do not rise to oppose the en-
grossment of this bill. I am quite as willing that
it shall be passed to-day as at any time. I sup-
pose, from what we see around us, that it is the
sense of the Senate that it shall pass; but the
whole bill, in my judgment, is cast wrong. It
simply reduces, without abolishing, abuses. It
reduces the amount of printing, without getting
clear of all that portion of it which is done ex gra-
tia. I have held, from the beginning, that this
Government has no power to print books and give
them away; and hence that all your extra print-
ing was done without principle, and in violation
of the Constitution. If you can print a book worth
fifty cents, and give it away to a private individ-
ual, you can, under the same.power, abstract from
the national Treasury one hundred or a thousand
dollars in some other form, and give it away to a
private individ ual. From my earliest entering into
Congress, down to this hour, I have uniformly,
persistently, and consistently warred against this
whole business of printing books for gratuitous
distribution. I find no warrant for it in the Con-
stitution; but, on the other hand, I find in it a
monstrous abuse. My humble voice has been
raised against it, time and time again,
As has been said by an honorable Senator, you
have the right to print books, reports, and docu-
ments which are necessary to the transaction of the
public business; but I would go one step beyond
that; I would inform the great public as to what
is going on in Congress; and therefore, I would
print a single volume of each one of your public
documents, and send it fo the keeper of each of
the public archives in each of the counties in the
Union, where it should belong to no particular
man, but where it should belong to the great pub-
lic which contributes to pay for the printing of
the book. When you send it to the keeper of the
archives, it belongs to the people, and one man
has as much right to consult it as another, one has
the same right to know what is inclosed in its lids
as another; but when you print a book and send
it to a private individual, it becomes his private
property. Sir, the volumes which compose the
whole series of the Pacific railroad survey, could
not have cost less than thirty-five dollars or forty
dollars a set. By what authority does Congress
vote forty dollars, or even thirty dollars, out of
the national Treasury to be given to any partic-
ular man, and to be given according to the grace
of a Senator or Representative, who happens ts
receive the book? There is no authority for it.
