1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I say again, this abuse has been too long prac-
ticed; it is time an end should be put to it. As a
member of the House of Representatives and as a
member of the Senate, I have endeavored to ar-
rest this proceeding-. More than three years ago
I referred a proposition to the Printing Commit-
tee, instructing them to inquire into the propriety
of confining; the publication of public documents
to a numbcrsufficientto furnish each of the coun-
ties and each of the public libraries with a single
volume; but they reported against it, and the thing
went on until we have been involved in the ex-
penditure of millions on millions of dollars, not
for the publication of the President's message and
the accompanying documents, not for publishing
reports from the heads of Departments and bu-
reaus, but for the publication of other books, out-
side books, for gratuitous distribution. I do not
mean to say the Committee on Printing are to
blame. I know they are not. They have dis-
charged their duty as best they might. The fault
is with ourselves, that we urge them on to bring
in reports for the publication of large numbers of j
these expensive but useless and valueless hooks, j
I would confine the publication to a sufficient ;
number of books to furnish one volume to each *
of those who are connected with the admmistra- !
tion of the Government and then put a single vol- !
ume in each county, open to the inspection of :
every citizen of that county. There I would stop. S
I would include in this the President's message
and documents, reports from the heads of Depart- j
ments, bureaus, and all the public documents, so ,
that by this m^ans you would build up in each :
county of the Union a political libiory. ■
Only imagine, Mr. President, that some such !
policy as this had been adopted twenty years ago.
Every citizen of a county would go to the county
seat with a full knowledge that m the county li-
brary he would find a document to which he could
refer, and inform himself upon any question that
had been prominent before the public for the last
twenty years. It would not have cost you one dol-
lar where the present system of publication costs
you fifty. Why, sir, the cost of publishing one
of these miserable picture books would have paid
for the publication of all the volumes necessary
to supply every county m the Union.
"While I say the committee have made a step in
the right direction, have proposed a great reform,
f think they have not gone to the right point.
They have not done so because they have not
proposed to confine the distribution of books to
the public, and not to individuals. I would give
to the public the volumes for which the public
pay, and I would have them sent through your
Secretary, and the Clerk of your House of Rep-
resentatives, sever the connection of Senators and
members of Congress entirely from it. I want to
get clear of the burden of franking these books.
It is labor which I should be glad to set clear of,
as I dare say every one else here would be. Then
publish one volume for each county of the Union,
and require your Secretary and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to send them out under
their ftank, to be public propeiLy, and nut private
property. Then you serve th^ public, and do not
vote millions upon millions of the public treasure
away to Senators and Representatives, simply to
serve their private constituents and friends. That
is my idea of what ought to be done; but as I can-
not get that, and as this seems to be a step m
the right direction, I shall vote for this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we may
have a vote. I concur m a great deal of what the
Senator has said, and this is a step in the right
direction.
Mr. KING. The remarks of the Senator from
Mississippi, it seems to me, touch this subject in
the right direction for reform. The books and
documents which are printed here, are printed at
the public expense, and are, or ought to be, the
property of the public. They should neither be
appropriated by us as individuals, nor sent to par-
ticular friends in the respective districts or States.
I am inclined to believe that a proposition which
shall carry out the views of the Senator from
Mississippi may perhaps be incorporated into this
bill, though I do not know that it can.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. _ Will the Sen- j
ator from New York allow me to interrupt him? 'i
Mr. KING. Yes, sir. ,|
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I know the Sen- , j
ator desires that some good shall be done m this i
direction, and I will simply remark to him that
the committee have studied this subject very care-
fully, and we know that if this provision be in-
serted now, we shall have no hill passed at this
session, for even if we passed it here, it would not
go through the other House. I will say, further,
that in regard to the main point referred to by the
Senator from Mississippi in his remarks, I sym-
pathize with him, and the committee have con-
versed about it, and considered it. The Senator
from New York, and the Senator from Missis-
sippi, say that it should be against the law to print
books for distribution. I call their attention to the
fact that it is provided in this bill that they shall
not be printed except by law. Is not that sub-
stantially the same thing? If you pass a law pay-
ing they should not be printed, you could repeal
it, and order the printing atany time. I hope gen-
tlemen will allow us to pass this bill now,and we
can hereafter bring: in a bill which will reach the
disputed points. "We arc too late now to go into
contested points. This reaches much.
Mr. KING. This bill does not provide against
the distubution. It docs not, thereforcvprovidc
against what I think is one of the worst evils of
the present system of public printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If there is noth-
ing to distribute, the evil is less than when there
is a great deal to be distributed.
Mr. KING. The annual message of the Pres-
ident and the accompanying documents from the
Departments contain information which should
go to the public in some form, and I do not sup-
pose that tins bill, or any suggestion the Senator
makes, is intended to cut off the punting of leuge
numbers of those documents for distribution 111
some form.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Not at all; but
to make it matter of law.
Mr. KING. They will be distributed then in
the mode they are now distributed—by individual
members to individual persons or to libraries as
they choose; but I should be willing to extend the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi to
incorporated colleges and academies, and thus
throughout the whole Union these documents
would" be in a position where they would be ac-
cessible to everybody, and each and every person
would have a right to look at them, to see them,
and to use them. Iam aware that there is a dis-
position on the part of the Senate to pass this bill,
and 1 have no desire to interpose and prevent the
accomplishment of the wish of the Senate.
The Senator from Arkansas has suggested that
this subject has been befoie the committee, and
has been consideied by them, and that they have
a favorable view of it. Now, if the Senator from
Arkansas will say to me that he will bring in a
proposition to provide for this sort of distribution,
that we may have an opportunity to act upon it,
and obtain the sense of the Senate—of course, I
do not ask him to pledge himself to its support;
but if the committee will subsequently, in some
mode, report this proposition for the distribution
of the documents which may be printed by lav/,
in the manner which has been suggested m this
J brief debate, to the clerks' offices and public libia-
; ries, so that we may have an opportunity to pass
I upon it, I will waive any further suggestion or
j discussion.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thatisamat-
j ter which I shall move myself, if no one else does,
| as a separate measure; and 1 will try to perfect it.
I Mr. KING. Very well; if we shall have a
j chance to act on that, I shall be satisfied.
| The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thiid
, reading; was read the thud time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed. _ _
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jtfay 4, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. A. Harris.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRINTING OF PAPERS.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, it is necessary to have
reports of committees made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the regular
order of business will be carried'out; but I simply
wish to ask the House to allow me to get an order
to have certain papers printed for the use of the.
House and of the Committee of Ways and Means,
on the subject of appropriation bills.
Mr. SEWARD. I will yield for that, but for
nothing else. It is necessary to have reports of
committees made, in order that we may have busi-
ness before us at the next session of Congress;
otherwise, we will have no business before us.
The papers were ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
of committees.
JOHN M'DONOGH.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of John McDonogh, de-
c-cased , late of Louisiana; which was read a first
and sccond tunc, referred to the Committee of the
Whole IIousc, and, with the report, otdcred to
be printed.
J. W. CHEVIS.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, presented an adverse report on
the petition of John W. Chevis, of Louisiana,
and asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, that the re-
port be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw'his
papers.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that. Let him
take copies, and leave the original here.
Mr. SANDIDGE. The only paper he wants
is a certificate issued by a local land office in the
case. That i? necessary for him.
Mr. LETCHER. Then let him leave a copy
of it.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I have no objection to that.
I It was so ordered.
DANIEL WHITNEY.
Mr. HARLAN, from the same comrpittee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass, Senate bill No. 72, for the relief of Daniel
Whitney; which was laid on the table, and the
report ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO-
Mr. BLAIR, from the same committee, reported
a bill to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the Territory of New Mexico, and asked that
it be referred to a Committee of the whole House.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that a private bill? I un-
derstand it to be a bill of a public character.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from.
Missouri state whether this is a bill of a general
character, or special?
Mr. BLAIR. It is intended to ascertain and
settle private land claims in New Mexico.
The SPEAKER. If it is a general bill it will
have to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
INDIAN TITLES IN KANSAS.
Mr. GREENWOOD from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill to confirm the sale
of tho reservation held by the Christian Indians,
and to provideapormanenthomeforsaid Indians;
which was icad a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
ROME ARSENAL.
Mr- FAULKNER from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, Senate bill No. 170, to
grant Rome arsenal to the State of New York,
on certain conditions; which was laid on the ta-
ble, and the report ordered to be printed.
DEMPSEY PITMAN.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the satne committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 95) explanatory of an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of Dempsey Pitman,"
approved August 16, 1856; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House; and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the same committee,
