1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ma4® an adverse report on the petition of H. An-
derson, of Garrettsvillo, New York; .which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. E0FFXNTON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petition of Rice M.
Brown, anion the petition of Alexander Hays;
which were severaily iaid upon the table, and or-
dered jto be printed.
JSAVAt DEPOT ON BiYTHE ISLAND.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affaire, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, a bill to amend an act au-
thorizing the establishing Of a navy depot on
Blythe Island, at Brunswick, on the coast of
Georgia-, and for other purposes, approved Jan-
uary 28,1857,and to make further appropriation
to prosecute said object, &c.; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill to amend the laws
granting land to soldiers and seamen, so as to in-
clude- those engaged on board of private armed
vessels, regularly commissioned by the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
BENJAMIN WAKEFIELD.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Ben-
jamin Wakefield; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House; and, with the accompanying repoit, or-
dered to be printed.
v. HALL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported adversely on the petition of
V. Hall, for compensation for loss of wardrobe;
and moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
R. COATE3
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
made an adveise report on the petition of Dr. R.
Coates; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MARINE HOSPITAL, BOSTON.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 27) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to ascertain and pay the
balance due on a tract of land, heretofore ceded,
for the purposes of a marine hospital for the dis-
tinct of Boston and Charlestown, to the credit of
the naval hospital fund, with a repent in writing;
and moved that the report be printed, and that the
bill and report be recommitted to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
It was so ordered.
C H A R L E S T O W N N A V Y-Y A It D.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, Tliattlie decictary of the Navy be, asitl lie i>
hereby, requested to communicate to tins liouse copies of
all communications anil documents on file in Ins Depart
meiit,having inference to the propuety of the purchase of
land by the Government of the United State,-., for the en-
largement of the Chailestoivn Navy Yard.
JANE TURNBULL.
Ori motion of Mr. CURTIS, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition and papers of Jane
Turnbull; and leave was granted to the petitioner
to withdraw the papers by leaving copies.
military road in oregon.
FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 56)
making appropriations for the completion of the
military road from Astoria to Salem, in Oregon
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
J. WILCOX JENKINS.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported^back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 74) for the relief
of J. Wilcox Jenkins; which was referred to a
Committee of the -Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
FABIUS STANLY. _
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 208) for the relief of Fabius
Stanly; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed-
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Douglas Otttnger, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that tiie Senate had passed an act (H. R. No. 5)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling- treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 3U, 1859.
Also a resolution (S. No. "'So) removing re-
strictions upon a certain grant of five sections of
land to the Stale of Iowa; m winch resolution he
was instructed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by J. B. Henry, his
Private Secretary, announcing to the House that
he had approved and signed "An act to supply
deficiencii's in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858."
CENTRAL AMERICAN MATTERS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have two or three re-
ports to present from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. There are two of them connected with
the same subject—{ mean Central American mat-
ters. They are a report on the Paulclmg case, and
arepoiton the Cluyton-Bulwer treaty. Iam anx-
ious to make some explanation of my views, and
of the views of the committee, on both these mat-
ters. Bat, as I understand that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr, Stephens] drsircs to call up an-
other matter at one o'clock to-day, I ask, as a
favor from the House, that when the reports are
presented, their consideration may go over until
to-morrow. I am not well to-day.
Mr. COBB. Postpone it four or five days.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would say to my friend
that, after to-morrow, I shall necessanly be ab-
sent for twt!> or three days.
The report terminates with the following reso-
lutions; which were read:
RcsoheJ, That inasmuch as the United States can never
consent that anv foreign Power shall have the light, to enter
our tes utoiy with a view offojcibly carrying away any per-
boa who may be theiem, s>o n becomes the duty ofihu> Gov-
ernment to riiMivow am] disclaim all iigbt on its pa> t to enter
for the same purpose the torritoiy of anv foreian Power or
State with \vinch we aie on terms of amity ortnend&hip.
eJ, That ofiwrs: of the United States have no right
to ine the force under their command in the territory of any
to'rign tfta:e, at the instance ol, or foi the boncfit of, such
State, unle^ previously anthouzed by Con<jru>«.
Resolve J} Tij.it inasmuch as the views of Use Pie^dont,
as made known m hid mcs-age to the two Houses of Con-
gress, an; in accouUnce with the^e principles, no action 13
necessary u:i the past of (Jongtea-s.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to offer the following
resolution as a substitute fur the resolutions re-
ported by the majority of the committee—that it
may be considered at the same time with the res-
olutions of the majority:
Revolted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the thanks of Comjie^ be, and the same are hereby, pre-
sented to Commodoie Hiram P<tu>dm<,'. and thiough him to
the officers, petty oflieeis, seamen, and manner attached to
the squad-ton under his command, ior the capture, 011 the
8th of December lost, at Punta Arenas, of one William
Walker, and otheis associated with him, who were engaged
m carrying on against the Government and people of Nica-
ragua an unlawful military enterprise, which was set 011 foot
bytlie^-aid Walker and ins associates within the territory
and m violafon of the laws of the United States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire, as I am not well :
to-day, and do not wish to interrupt the calling
of committees during the morning hour, to ask :
the consent of the House that 1 may to-morrow, !
at one o'clock, make an explanation on these mat-
ters, and leave them to the action of the House.
I ask it as a favor from the House, for after to-
morrow I must be absent for a few days. I have
personal reasons for desiring it, independent of
some public ones. I ask simply that the resolu-
tions which have been read, and those in regard'
to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, may be postponed
till one o'clock to-morrow, and be printed.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I think there will
he no objection, with the understanding that this
matter shall be in order for remarks from other
gentlemen as well as from the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. It is only to be
set down as a special order for some day when
the gentleman will be heard on the subject. I
have no objection to hear the gentleman from
North Carolina; indeed, I desire to hear him, and
I presume the House is willing to hear him; but
I do not want this matter to be so ananged as
| that the report shall come into the House with
! the speech of the gentleman from North Carolina
j upon it, and nothing more—no further action on
j the report of the committee.
I The SPEAKER, The Chair would suggest to
; the gentleman from'Georgia that if the consider-
I ation of the report be postponed to a future day,
j when the gentleman from North Carolina shall
1 have been heard upon it,-the report will be before
i the House, and unless the House choose to cut
j off debate other gentlemen can be hoard.-
! Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. With that un-
1 derstanding, I will 'withdraw any objection to the
| gentleman being heard.
Jj Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not rise to ob-
ji jeet to the accommodation of the gentleman from
:i North Carolina, but I am anxious to understand
■j what the nature of the postponement is. Do I
■ | understand that this is to be made a special order?
j! Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at ail. I merely ask
|! that instead of making my remarks to-day, the
J House will indulge me. in doing so to-morrow,
'j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Do I understand
i! that when the committees are again called for re-
■' ports, during the morning hour, the gentleman
j from North Carolina shall have the privilege of
.1 being heard on this question ?
'| Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not desire to interfere
: i with the reports of committees. I only ask as a
:j matter of favor to let this matter go over to the
1 time I indicate.
'| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES.
j mornins; hour i
i Mr. CLINGMAN. No; after it.
j, Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the chairman of the
ij Committee on Foreign Affairs yield to mc for a
,! moment ?
'j Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
!| The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand in what condition these papers are to be con-
sidered ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That is what I
want to know.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ncrth
Carolina cannot have two reports under consid-
eration at the same time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Only by general consent.
Of course the House will act upon them sepa-
rately; but, as they relate to the same subject-
matter, I ask that by general consent they may
go over till to-morrow. I hope there will' bo no
jj objection to that.
'! _ Mr. jEiARKSOALE. I desire to inquire whether,
1 j if go over till to-morrow, an amendment to the
'] resolution will be in order'
1 Mr. CLINGMAN. Of course it will, The
, j whole subject will be open for consideration.
j1 Mr. SEWARD. I object to any special order.
| I have 110 objection to the gentleman from North
1 Carolina being heard, but I object to special orders.
: Mr. CLINGMAN. It would not be a special
. order.
| Mr, BARKSDALE. I desire, as a member of
| the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs, to say that I
| do not approve the resolutions reported by the
; gentleman from North Carolina, the chairman of
that committee; nor do I approve of the resolu-
; tion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
, I have, however, drawn up a resolution which I
shall offer as a substitute for both. It is as fol-
lows:
\ Resolved, That the conduct of'Commodore Paulding, in
j capturing General William Walker and his men at Punta
And within the
