2968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
well known that I have never been a very par-
ticular friend in sustaining these steamship lines
under the contracts heretofore made with them.
A short time ago I proposed to this House a sys-
tem which would be uniform, just, and equal, and
at the same time insure certainty as to the time
of departure. That proposition was notfavorably
considered. Nevertheless, while I am opposed
to expending more money than we are compelled
to expend under existing contracts, yet, sir, I
am disposed to pay every cent justly due under
those contracts. It seems to me that Collins & Co.
should not be fined $147,000, because the steamer
l&ricsson did not come up to the speed of the
very best vessels of their line. No gentleman can
say that the contract made with Collins & Co.
obligated them to make these trips in any given
time. There is not one word in that contract
which obliged them to make the trip in ten days,
or twelve Hays, or twenty days. While this is
so, and while they lost one of their ships and
procured in its place the best steamer they could
get, and made all the trips required by contract,
they are fined $147,000. I should like to see the
law which would authorize that fine being im-
posed. If any gentleman who opposes this mat-
ter will show me one word for it m the law, I will
yield my position. Until that is done I will insist
that it is unjust to Collins & Co. to refuse to pay
them this large sum, the withholding of which,
I have no doubt, has, in part, caused their recent
failure. It is very well for the friends of Mr. ;
Vanderbilt and other gentlemen who wish to run
steamers to Europe, to prevent, if they can, the
continuance of the Collins line. Let that line be
broken up, and they will enjoy a monopoly, that,
for the postages alone, will make their compensa-
tion greater than the contract pay to Collins.
Collins inaugurated this steamship service, and
we can certainly afford to be just to him—gener-
osity is not asked.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The amendment of Air. Clark, of New York,
was then disagreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the committee rise
with a view of taking a recess.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and parficuhu ly
the Post Offi.ce appropriation bill, and laid come
to no resolution thereon.
On motion of Mr. KEITT, the House (at ten
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) took a recess
until six o'clock, p. m.
E\XNSMi SESSION.
The House reassembled at six o'clock, p. m.
CARMICK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back to the
House the memorial of Carmick & Ramsey, re-
lating to their mail contract on the Vera Cruz,
Acapulco, and San Francisco route, and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that the report be laid on the table and
printed.
It was so ordered.
PETER VAN BUSKIRIC.
Mr. POTTLE. I ask unanimous consentthat
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 340) providing an in-
crease of the pension of Peter \ an Buskiik, of
the city of Washington, J3ixtrtct of Columbia. I
desire simply to say that he is an old soldier of
ninety-seven yearsofage, who has. served through
three wars, and the bill provides that he shall have
full pension instead of what he now receives. If
he is ever to receive any further aid from the Gov*
ernment, he should ha\ e it now.
The bill, which was read for information,
changes the pension of Peter "Van Buskirk from
sixty dollars a year to eight dollars ner month, to
commence on the 4th of March, 1850.
Mr. RUSSELL. I object, unless the gentle-
man will so amend it that the increased pension
shall commence on the 4th day of March last.
Mr. POTTLE. I will move to ;>o amend the
bill, though I regret that my friend should insist
upon it.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill; and it
was taken up for action.
Mr. POTTLE. 1 move to amend the bill by
striking out "1850," and insert in lieu thereof
" 1858."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POTTLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JENNETT H. M'CALL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No.130) for the relief
of Jennett H. McCall, only child of Captain James
McCali, of the revolutionary war.
The bill, which was read for information,
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Jennett H. McCall, only child of Captain James
McCali, of General Pickens's brigade, in the South
Carolina regiment, during the war of the Revo-
lution, the seven years' half pay of a captain, as
allowed by the "resolution of Congress passed
August 24, 1780, amounting to §2,100.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the gen-
tleman will not object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to all these
special bills for half pay.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to sus-
pend the rules. I desire to say that I have not
asked for anything for my constituents this ses-
sion. This is the first time that I have asked a
favor of the House. Many other hills of less
merits than this have been passed, even by the
consent of the gentleman from Tennessee. The
bill passed the Senate unanimously, and was sent
to this House and referred to a committee. That
committee reported it back to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass; and I do not see
why, under the circumstances, it should not be
allowed to pass I ask for tellers upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Burlingame
and Wi.ys.low were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 3G.
So (two thirds voting in favorthereof) the rules
were suspended; and the Committee of the Whole
House was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The hill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accoidmgly read the third time, -and
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALBERT G. ALLEN.
Mr. CORNING. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
Senate bill (No. 277) for the relief of Albert G.
Allen.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This gentleman
has received a salary of $2,000 for all the time he
was in office; and I object.
Mr. CORNING. I move to suspend the rules,
and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Savage and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 96, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended; and the Committee of the Whole
House was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill.
The bill directs that in the settlement of the
accounts of Albert G. Allen, late Navy agent at
Washington, District of Columbia, one and one
fourth per centum be allowed him upon the dis-
bursements of extra pay made by him under the
acts of Congress of August 31, 1852, and March
3, 1853, to the officers, seamen, and marines, who
had served on the Pacific coasts of Mexico and
California, deducting therefrom such amounts aa
may be due from him to the United States.
Mr. CORNING demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CORNING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM RANDOLPH.
Mr. CHAPPEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, a bill granting an invalid
pension to William Randolph.  
Mr. ATKINS. I move that the House do now
adjourn. I have been trying to get the floor for
four or five weeks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has riot got the floor to make that motion.
Mr. ATKINS. It is a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. It is; and the gentleman can
make it when he gets the floor properly. The
gentleman from Massachusetts asks the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ATKINS. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
suspend the rules in order that the bill may be re-
ported and considered. It is the case I mentioned
to the House the other day, of an old man nine-
ty-five years old, who only gets four dollars a
month. He is one of Wayne's old soldiers. The
House can pass the bill in two minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I like to hear the gentleman
from Kentucky talk, but I want to get away on
Monday; and if we do that, we must dispose of
the appropriation bills.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This is the
only bill I have had during the whole session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
The House divided on Mr. Marshall's mo-
tion; and there were—ayes 105, noes 25.
So (two thirds voting m favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. CHAFFEE then reported, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, a bill granting an
invalid pension to William Randolph.
The bill received Us several leadings, and was
passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I desire to make a report from
the committee of conference, on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill (No. 200)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of Government for the year ending June 30,
1859.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under the decision
of the House this morning, I object to the recep-
tion of that report; and ask that the question be
submitted to a vote of the House whether they
will receive it or not?
The SPEAKER The report wiU be received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then it will be
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee raises the question whether it shall be con-
sidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is before the
House, we shall be obliged to dispose of it. The
question is, whether we will receive it or not?
The SPEAKER. That is not the question.
The Chair refeis the gentleman to the 5th rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly.
The SPEAKER. The question is,<( Will the
House consider it r"
