1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
bad not; and I may safely allege, that the effort!
to produce a Constitution was imperiled in the ;
convention of its frnmers, and was only rescued ;
and brought forth, clothed with the garments of j
liberty, after this decree of freedom had been made '
for the Territories by the Congress of the Con - i
federation, then in session in the city of New s
York. t ^ j
Jn 1820 this principle was reaffirmed, notwith-
standing slavery had, from lS03upto this period, ;
insidiously extended itself over large fields of the j
Louisiana purchase, while the people of the free j
States were in the quiet of repose upon this ques- ;
lion, or were engaged in the conflict of arms with i
a foreign Power. I say the principle was then ;
reaffirmed; and the only remedy, in my judgment, >
for the present alarming condition of affairs, is to ,
return to tins principle, decreeing for all the Tor- ,
ritories freedom now, freedom forever. j
1 need not trace arguments in support of its '
constitutional authority; it is sufficient to remark |
that the very proposition, separate and distinct
from others in relation to territory, was submit-
ted to the committee on details in the constitu-
tional convention, by Mr. Madison, but was sup-
planted by the general proposition of Gouverneur
Morris, that the Congicss have power to make all
needful rules, &c., embracing, as was supposed,
the whole ground in relation to Tenitories. Even
if this was otherwise, which I do not concede,
the power under the Constitution to Require ter-
ritory involves a corresponding power to govern,
and the duty to govern in such manner as would
conduce in the greatest degree to the welfare and
happiness of the people—the decision in the Died
Scott case to the contrary notwithstanding.
Bin, to return: I said it was the design of this
repudiation and abiogaiion scheme to extend the
dominion of human slavery. 1 do not say that
all who participated, or were known as snppoit-
ers, had such a purpose in view, but that the slave
power which mainly controls and directs a largo
party m this country—now Ix mg made less
through its monstrous and revolting exactions-
did then and do now, is clear to my mind. It was
not in defense of an abstract principle, as then
insisted, about which they did not then, and do
not now, agree. No, sir, the hazard to the peace
of the country, and the permanence of political
organization was too great for such cause. The
purpose is ingeniously set forth m the following
article in the New Orleans Delta, a leading advo-
cate of the election of Mr. Buchanan:
« Wo have wanted Kansas tbi the South, and have con-
tributed men and money to the object ot securing u ^o
fai, wc have failed.• It tine the coiHituhon ui thai Tei-
ntoiy is not decided, and it i- posoiblo that it may admit of
slave ty, ami ll so. ahti'p vvih have boon gamed; foi if, under
such a constitution, the Temtory he admitted a? a State,
it will give two Senators to the South, and will hold the dooi
still open toi the admission ol slavt-s into that counny.''
* ■«, * k
tfThc foieisn slave tiade. therefore, will add directly to
the population ot the South; it will give a widei Imms to
fclaveiy, and thu-s add mduectly to iliu population of the
Son ill. Ten thousand slaves would take Kansas with hei
seventy thousand people; ten thousand mote would take
anoihei htatein Texas; ion thousand more, a State m New
Mcxm'o ; ten thon^iud more, n State in Lower California ;
while oup oi two thou>mul moie would embrace the States
ot Delaware, Mmyhtud, YV"eM,ein Viigima,and Missouri, to
llm fiimcsi po ible fidelity to the peeuhai feaiuie„sof the
South T'uder the influence of su/m a measure, therefore,
theie can he no question as to the ultimate preponderance
ot political powei between tne sections—and the roreign
Have tiade i$ the cjitaiu road to powei for the South, and
the only road to powei within the Union."
Did time and investigation permit! might multi-
ply extracts from their journals, and the sayings
of their leading men, in support of my declara-
tion. But the tragic scenes of fraud, usurpation,
and tyranny m Kansas, are vivid with proof. If
not for this, why was the territorial government
usurped by invading, violence, and fiaud at the
first legislative election m March, 1855, and why
did the government thus usurped become the in-
strument of oppression, iniquity, and wrong, such
as slaves only could be expected to endure? Why
were test oaths imposed, and laws framed to fa-
cilitate and give license to fraud and violence?
5 For what otb or reason have men been chased from
the soil of Kansas, incarcerated in prisons, as-
sassinated by day, murdered by night, and their
property pillaged, destroyed, or confiscated, under
the strong arm of the slave power, made stronger
by the criminal support of the Federal authority ?
Man has fled from man as from the savage beasts
of that frontier region, and the lights of the many
have been wrested from them by the strong arm
of invasion and usurpation, and for what? Be-
cause, battling for the rights of man; for breathing
out the inspiration of an education in the pure air
of freedom; for sustaining the principles evolved
from the Constitution;ay, for all this, and to plant
upon the ruins and in the waste, trackless by free-
men, the institution of human bondage. They
had no apology to be found in the Constitution,
or in precedent; none, sir, in patriotism, in justice,
or in humanity. They arrayed themselvesagainst
all these, and volunteered to become the instru-
ments of aggression against the long conceded
rights and vital interests of the freemen of this
country. They prostituted themselves to the pro-
motion of the schemes of slavery, pointing to the
Territory which had been surrendered, and seiz-
ing it from the possession of those to whom it had
been given over by the terms of formal compact,
and for a consideration, which the slave-power
had received m full. This soil was the heritage
of free labor—for the men who go forth at the
call of their country to uphold its standard and
vindicate Us honor; ihe pioneer of civilization and
settlement, who goes.out to contest for the su-
premacy with the wife! beast and the savage, and
prepare it as the home of civilization and the
lieai t of empire.
You propose now to force upon this people a
constitution against their will—a constitution with
slavery—with the poor chance of power to change
short of revolution. It is obnoxious to them ;jhey
have already destroyed it by an omphatic/pop-
ular verdict; it truly has no legal life; it has no
vitality. Congress cannot galvanize it into health-
ful being; it is beyond the skillful mendicity of
the Executive, with all his unfanly exercised
power, to give it peaceful reign. The people say
they will not have it. They mean what they say;
and they will have the sympathy and aid of three
fousths of the people of this Confederacy m re-
sisting so foul an oppression. Will Congress
attempt to force it upon them ? The responsibility
is great; and it seems to me that the people of the
North will hold their agents, who mock at their
entreaty, to a strict and fearful account.
You are told by the organ of the Administra-
| tion in this city, that nearly all the nationalities
I of the Republic have disappeared, one by one.
! The great religious denominations and religious
! eleemosynary and charitable societies, which once
1 flourished under national organizations and bound
! our people togetherin bonds more endearing, if less
strong than a common constitution, common laws
: and common institutions, a common language and
' history, have almost all been sundered m twain.
Why is this ? Is it not because the aggressions
of the slave power are at war with the pure spirit
' of Christianity, and its civilizing and elevating
tendencies? You have driven them off, and your
i line of policy will drive off and unite the great
' body of the American people against you.
; Our forbearance has been remarkable in times
; past. It is within the recollection of gentlemen
present, how the people, after b^ing outraged and
1 excited over the legislation of 3850, laid down to
I quiet and repose ur>on the solemn assurances of
I peace made in 3852, at Baltimore, and throughout
! the country; and yet the promise turned to ashes
i upon the hps of those who made it, and the peo-
! pie awoke as from a dream, just in time to see
their cherished hopes swallowed up in wanton
' agitation and renewed agression—like the" Ara-
| bianshepheid who, in wandering into the wilder-
ness, caught a glimpse of the gardens of Irani, >>
| and then lost them again forever." Air. Chair- >1
' man, J hope the people have not forever lost the ;
peace and the quiet our fathers sought to establish, j
I and which is the just fruit of free institutions.
\ Will it not be said, however, not only by the
; North, but by all good people throughout the ■
' civilized world, that by consummating this act the ,
| responsible parties were madly intent on extend- ,
: ing the empire of slavery at whatever hazard to 1
the peace of the country; that they forged the j
! weapons of fratricidal strife and civil war; and in j
i this light hold them accountable for every drop <
' of blood that is shed in the clash that may quickly j
follow ? Sir, I should deeply lament a renewal of ;
strife in Kansas. I am for peace, not war; yet I j
would not have peace purchased at the expense )
of the rights of man and the liberties of my coun- j
trv. Such peace—the peace of Hungary,powei- j
Ices mid bleeding und'-r the heel of Austrian des-
potism—is not the peace for me, or those I repre-
sent.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House tell
us that if the Lecompton constitution is not in-
dorsed by Congress the Union will be dissolved.
As much as I love the Union and cherish its hal-
lowed recollections; as much as I reverence the
memory of its founders and their living and
last wish for its perpetuation; as much as 5 hope
from its mission in the field of liberty, I would
try the experiment, if I had the power, to defeat
thin usurpation, this cheat, this fraud upon the
rights of the people of Kansas. Bat, sir, I have
no fear of a dissolution from this cause. I scarcely
believe there are fifty thousand men in all the-
South that would rally under the black stand*
ard of dissolution. The Union is not to be dis-
solved. I fear vastly more in the consummation
of this great wrong-—-commotion, strife, and blood-
shed, and a reproach, if not a blot, upon the great
experiment of self-government.
To avert this I appeal to s^ntlem€n upon this
floor. 1 expect nothing from him who asserts that
Kansas is as much a slave Slate to-day as Georgia
or South Carolina. The language of the Presi-
dent's message before us gives us to expect from
him no libation to liberty for those who bleed in
her cause.
You may as well go stand upon the beach,
Aiid bid the mam Hood bate his usual height.;
Von may as well use question with the wolf,
Why he hath made the owe bleat for the lamb;
You may as well foibid the mountain pine*;
To Wiiy 'theii hiirh fop<, and to make no noise,
When they are l'rctted with the gusts of heaven
as to expect, from one thus committed, any abate-
ment of his purposes. I know very well that
many in the North who gave Mr. Buchanan their
support, will witness with pain this subversion
of expectation and promise, and turn away with
indignation and disgust.
The career of many great men furnishes pain-
ful evidence of an inglorious termination. Cccsar
was assassinated for attempting to overthrow the
liberties of Rome; Brutus fell on his sword when
unable to attain power by its means; and Bona-
paite, not content with binding his temples with
the chaplets wrenched from the many thrones of
Europe, sought to climb still higher the heights
of unchastened ambition, and thus cast himself,
a lonely, forsaken exile, upon a sea-begirt and
desolate island.
Nor is the history of our own country wanting
in memorable examples of men of supposed in-
corruptible statesmanship, wrecking their own
fame, and disappointing the hopes of a confiding-
people; and from causes, if possible, less justi-
fiable than has worked the overthrow of heroes
and statesmen of ancient and modern times, in
countries beyond the sea. There is a power m
our midst, which—in the graphic description o£
the Senator from Massachusetts, who is unable
through its violence to now occupy his seat—may
be likened to the black magnetic mountain upon
the face of the deep, mentioned in the Arabian
story, which drew, one by one, the strong iron
bolts of the stately ship, untilshe fell a disjointed
wreck. So with this. The principles of earlier
years instilled in the land of freedom, with too
many of our public men, as they approach this
power, one by one are withdrawn until they fall
a disjointed wreck. And it would seem that this
power was grateful for no service, except as the
basis of iticieascd exactions, and is reckless of the
number or stxnding of the victims.
Not only this, sir, but the method of-accorn-
plishing these purposes is full of warning a.nd
shome. To the doubting and timid, hope of re-
ward is promised; while the courageous and bold
are cast off at pleasure. In proof of the latter, I
need but to call the attention of gentlemen to the
action of the late Cincinnati Democratic National
Convention, in selecting for its standard-bearer
one who had been in no sense an advocate and
defender of the great doctrine for which others
had periled so much;and, in support of the former
allegation, 1 subjoin from the Washington Union,
the organ of President Piercc s admini.su ation,
| the following article, which made its appearance
pending the struggle upon the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and which is, in substance, repeated in a late
number of the same paper upon the eve of this
great contest upon the Lecompton constitution,
and at a time when a few more votes seem as
important to the success of this measure, as they
