2970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
money which had been appropriated, and which
was expected to be used this session of Congress,
is what is called a continuous appropriation, and
has been applied to paying expenses incurred
under preceding orders. The Superintendent of
Public Printing says this amount is necessary to
supply the deficiency.
The forty-second amendment will take a small
amount of money to pay for the subsistence of
the commissioner under the reciprocity treaty for
one year, from a mistake which occurred in pre-
vious legislation. The amount will not exceed
#1,200.
The forty-fifth amendment provides for the pay-
ment of the extra compensation allowed to the
clerks to the committees of the Senate, under a
resolution of the Senate, passed the last session
of Congress. It is similar to the provision made
by this House for its employes at the last session
of Congress, for which we provided in the de-
ficency bill.
The forty-sixth and forty-seventh amendments
provide against placing obstructions in the streets
and avenues of the city of Washington, which
are improved, either wholly or in part, by the
Government of the United States. It imposes
penalties upon persons who shall disturb the
pavement and flagging, without the consent of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings. The
amendments were in thewiong placc, but the
committee thought best to adopt them.
The fifty-second amendment is in reference to
the establishment of the western boundary of the
Half-Breed tract in Nebraska. The line was run
by McCoy, in 1838. We believed that it was cor-
rectly run at that time. The line which was run
last year makes a departure from the previous
line of one and a half lines, at its greatest depart-
ure, diminishing as it approaches its other term-
inus. We believed that difference to have arisen
from the changing of the channel of the Missouri
river. Settlers are upon that strip of land, and
you have either to pay the settlers, or to compen-
sate the Indians. You can pay the Indians the
cheapest.
The fifty-fourth amendment authorizes the
President to advance §6,000 to Clark Mills, to
enable him to complete the equestrian statue of
Washington. In consequence of the destruction
of his foundery by fire, and another injury arising
from a hurricane, he cannot go on with his work
unless this advance is made to him. He is to give
security for the completion of the work.
The sixty-third amendment directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to allow the surveyors of ports
performing, or having performed, the duties of
collectors of customs since the passage of certain
acts recited in the amendment, the same compen-
sation, and no other, as is allowed to collectors
for like services.
From all these amendments the committee rec-
ommend that the House recede from their disa-
greement thereto.
The committee recommend that the Senate do
recede from the following amendments:
The ninth amendment, appropriating $7,000 for
filling up the ravine and grading Judiciary square
The tenth amendment, appropriating §10,000
for planting with trees ana grading the unim-
proved portions of the Mall:
The fifteenth amendment, appropriating the
sum of $2,589 04 to pay the Secretary of the Sen-
ate the sums paid by nim to the representatives
of certain deceased Senators, under the resolution
of the Senate of March, 1848;
The thirtieth amendment, for the extension of
the court-house portion of the City Hall, so as to
provide necessary accommodations for the courts
of this District, $30,000;
The thirty-seventh amendment, appropriating
$9,000 for contingent expenses of the Territory
of Kansas;
The thirty-eighth amendment, providing for
compensating the surveyors of the private land
claims in California, not to exceed twenty-five dol-
iais per mile;
fhe fifty-sixth amendment, in reference to the I
compensation of the consul or acting con&ul of j
the United States at Constantinople whenever he j
jsholt act a a dragoman; ' f I
The nfty-eighth amendment, appropriating |
$30,000 to pay certain claims made under the 1
Cherokee treaty of 1835; I
Tii- ftffv-!ur ih £ mondffient, authorizing the nay- 1
ment to Charles H. Mason, Secretary of Wash-
ington Territory, the difference between the sal-
ary of Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs, and the salary of the Secretary of the
Territory, for the time said Mason was acting
as Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs
ad interim; and the
Sixtieth amendment, making the salary of the
surveyor general of Washington Territory $3,500
per annum.
The House agree'to the following amendments
of the Senate, with amendments:
First amendment, authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to make reasonable allowances for
unusual expenses to officers and men of the Army
and Navy when employed upon the Coast Survey
service;
The regulation of the Treasury Department of
1844 authorizes the Secretary to allow such extra
compensation for subsistencejwhen extra expenses
are incurred. These men are sometimes detached
from their parties, and their expenses are thereby
increased. The committee recommend that this
amendment be agreed to, with the following
amendment: strike outof said amendment all after
the word " that," in line one, and insert these
words:
The Secretary of the Treasury may make such allow-
ances to the officers and men of the Army and Navy, while
engaged on Coast Survey service, for subsistence in addi-
tion to their compensation', as he may deem necessaiy, not
exceeding the sum imthori7,ed by the Treasury regulation
of the 11th of May, 1814.
Twelfth amendment, in reference to the Cap-
itol extension. The committee recommend that
the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
to that amendment, with an amendment as fol-
lows: in the fourth line substitute the word
li paintings" for the word " painting;" so as to
exclude the idea of ordinary painting; and at the
end of the amendment insert the words:
But this provision shall not he so consttued as to apply
to the execution ot designs heretofore made and accepted
from Ciawford and Rogers ;
so that the clause, as amended, shall read:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be ex-
pended m embellishing any part of the Capitol extension
with sculpture or p.untmgs, unless the designs for the same
shall liave undeigonc the examination of a committee of
distinguished artists, not to exceed three in number, to be
selected by the President; and that the designs which said
committee shall accept, shall also receive the subsequent
approbation of the Joint Committee on the Library of Con-
fess ; but tins provision shall not be so construed as to
apply to the execution of^lesigns heretofore made and ac-
cepted from Ciawlord and Rogers.
Thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, appro-
priating $5,500 for the contingent expenses of the
Senate. The committee recommend that the House
I agree to that amendment, with an amendment,
making the sum £7,700. The Senate have in-
curred some expenses for witnesses before an in-
vestigating committee; and since they made the
amendment, fui ther expenses have boon incurred
of a like character in the investigation of some
charges against a Senator of that body, which
renders this increased appropriation necessary.
The forty-first amendment of the Senate pro-
vides for the payment of certain expenses for
printing incurred by the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of Washington.
The House struck out this amendment and
inserted a provision concerning the salaries of the
land officers in New Mexico. The committee rec-
ommend that the House agree to the amendment
of the Senate, and the Senate agree to the amend-
ment of the House, with the following aniond-
i merit: after the word " that," in the sixth line,
■ strike out the words, " they shall receive no fees
j or commissions," and insert, in lieu thereof, the
j words, " their compensation, including fees, shall
not exceed {>3,000 per annum."
j The forty-third amendment is for salary of two
] clerks in the Treasury Department. We ascer-
tained that they are needed in the Treasury De-
partment. Tiiey are actually employed at this
time under an appropriation for the incidental ex-
penses appertaining to the issuing of Treasury
notes; but the Secretary of the Treasury can no
longer employ them than the termination of this
session of Congress. If the loan bill pass, the
services of two additional clerks will be abso-
lutely required; and even if it should not, and the
Secretary of the Treasury should reissue Treasury
notes under the act that we passed this session,
these ctjj'k?* will lie needed. The committee rec-
ommend a concurrence in the Senate amendment,
with an amendment appropriating $3,200 to pay
their salaries for the next fiscal year.
The forty-fourth amendment was one adopted
by the Senate with reference to the contingent ex-
penses of this House. The House of Represent-
atives struck out the Senate amendment and in-
troduced a provision that all allowances made by
the Committee of Accounts at the last Congress
shall be paid, and declaring that the true intent
and meaning of the third section of the deficiency
bill was to include all allowances made by the
Committee of Accounts during the last Congress.
We were informed that some extra allowances
were certified during the recess of Congress, and
that certificates are outstanding, bearing the sig-
nature of the chairman of the Committee of Ac-
counts after his term of service as a member of
the House had expired. Under these circum-
stances, neither committee of conference felt dis-
posed to concur in it; and they have agreed to
recommend to their respective Houses to recnact
a provision adopted in 1845, with reference to the
contingent expenses of the two Houses, restoring
in that section some words which had been omit-
ted in the enrollment of that bill. This is what
is recommended shall be adopted in lieu of the
Senate and House amendments:
That no part of an appropriation winch may be at any
time made Tor the contingent expenses of either Hou^e of
Congress shall be applied to any other than the ordinary
expen&es of the Senate and House of Rcpiesentatives, nor
as extra allowance to any eleik, messenger, or attendant of
the said two Houses, or either of them, nor as payment or
compensation to any clerk, messenger, or other attendant
of the said two Houses, or either of them, except such clerk,
messenger, or other attendant be so employed by resolution
of one of said Houses.
We also had the opinion of the Committee of
Accounts of the House, recommending such pro-
vision, which the committee believe to be a sal-
utary one.
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to ask a ques-
tion there. If I understand the report of the com-
mittee of conference, it recommends the reenact-
ment of the act ©f 1845. I would ask what reason
there is for reenacting it when there has been no
refusal, on the part of the Treasury Department,
to pay under that act, where we employ officers
and pay them out of the contingent fund ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Kentucky had given his attention he would
have found something more. We reenact the act
of 1845, restoring to that act that which we know
was omitted in its enrollment.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask another ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The language to
be restored to the act makes it more restrictive
than it is at present.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask another ques-
tion—whether, under the provision which the
committee of conference recommend this House
to adopt, we could not, to-morrow, by a single
resolution of the House, vote extra compensation
to every employe of it?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Precisely as you
did at the last session of Congress; but unless you
appropriate money to pay it, it cannot be paid.
The decision of the Comptroller is this: that he
will pay no cleik, or messenger, or attendant em-
ployed by either House of Congress, except he
is employed by resolution of the House, and ex-
cept an appropriation be made to meet that
expenditure—and is not that right ?
Mr. BURNETT. With the permission of the
gentleman I will say this: that if this House adopt
the provision recommended by this committee of
conference, a single resolution of this House may
give extra compensation to its employes, and the
natural construction that would be given to this law
would be that they could draw extra compensa-
tion under it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
is very much mistaken, or else I am. I think I
can understand the opinion of the Comptroller,
who decides that ho will not pay, under a simple
resolution of the House, except an appropriation
be made to meet the allowance.
The fifty-fifth amendment as a provision for the
payment of certain expenses incurred by I. 1).
Andrews, connected with the roeipjouty treaty.
He made certain expondituiCH, and o.skrj to be
reimbursed them. There is no alJov/anco rn him-
self for services, but for the expenditures he has
m.j h>, In ih.. ami ndir.—,t . 'J-r --1 - <k <
