1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
my own convictions are that the State possesses
sufficient population, in addition to what has been
returned, to more than entitle us to two members
—if, indeed, we have not enough to warrant the
admission of three, in view of the heavy acces-
sions by emigration constantly pouring in through
the various channels leading toward our State
since the taking of the census.
I am well aware that representation is based
upon population only; but in order to satisfy gen-
tlemen that Minnesota does possess as large a
constituency as wc claim for her, I will cite them
to the number of votes polled at the October elec-
tion, and then institute a fair proportion predi-
cated upon the statistics of other agricultural
States, by which I shall arrive at the probable
population at present within the limits of the State
of Minnesota. I have taken the States of Mich-
igan, Wisconsin, and Iowa, upon which to base
my calculation, and find that, by a reference to
the census returns of 1850, and the number of votes
in each of those States, the ratio of population is
to the voter as six to one. I think this a fair cal-
culation upon which to estimate the number of
inhabitants in Minnesota. This basis will give
Minnesota an aggregate population of two hun-
dred and forty thousand, beyond the amount suf-
ficient to warrant vou m admitting three members
to scats upon this floor. I will also cite the House
to another, and, I think, a very important fact, in
proof of the justice of granting us three members
to seats on this floor. I find that we have cast
four thousand more votes than Iowa cast when
she was allowed two mernbeis in this body; seven
thousand more than Arkansas gave when she was
allowed two members of the House; twice as many
as Rhode Island had when she was allowed two
members; and within three thousand five hundred
of the number that Louisiana cast when she was
allowed four members to this House: and this all
occurred, be it remembered, since the ratio of rep-
resentation was the same as it now is.
In viewing this questioninan economical point
of view, we shall find that Minnesota is justly
entitled to consideration at the hands of Confess;
and in order to fully demonstrate the fact, 1 will
call the attention of the House briefly to the fol-
lowing record as a matter of historical fact, taken
in connection with, and placed in juxtaposition
to, that of her troublesome sister, Kansas.
Bv a reference to the returns, as they appear
in the office of the Interior, I find that the total
amount of revenue derived from the sale of public
lands in Minnesota, up to December 31, 1855, was
about one million and a half dollars. Since that
time, the sales have largely increased, and the ag-
gregate amount of revenue since the organization
of the Territory, falls little short of six million dol-
lars. This estimate includes land warrants located,
and amounts received from the sale of reservations
within the present State limits. It will be borne
in mind that these locations and sales were made
without the adventitious aid of " emigrant asso-
ciations," based upon philanthropic principles.
It will be perceived, then, that the Federal Gov-
ernment has been in the receipt of a large revenue
from the proposed State. Let us ascertain what
amount has been expended by the Government
to maintain her temtoiial organization, and for
purposes of improvement, within her limits, since
that time. The aggregate expense to the Federal
Government, during the entire minority of Min-
nesota for nil purposes, is $727,000; less than one
eighth of what she has received.
Again, to illustrate the fidelity and strict adher-
ence to law, shown by the people of Minnesota, I
wish, particularly, to cite gentlemen to the fact,
that it has never cost the Government one cent to
preserve order, and defend the people residing on
the frontiers from the murderous assaults of hos-
tile Indians, at a time when thousands of troops
were stationed in the heart of Kansas, at an enor-
mous cost to tfie Government, to carry out the law
and prevent our own people from shooting down
one another. Kansas comes to you burdened with
an enormous expense of blood and treasure, and
bearing the infamy of opposition to the laws of
the land, while Minnesota has complied with all
the requisitions of the law. She has ever been
loyal to the Constitution of the United States, and
strictly conformed to its teachings without the
necessity of armed interference by the military
powers of our country.
And it can scarcely be denied that the Con-
gress of the United States, during its last session,
entered into a contract with the people of Min-
nesota, by which, after a full compliance by her
citizens with the terms of that contract, Minne-
sota was to be admitted into the Union. Has
Minnesota complied with those terms5 Icon-
tend that she has, in every particular. First, by
her delegates in convention—and second, by the
almost jjnanimous voice of her citizens. Minne-
sota has maintained her good faith; she asks you
to do the same. Her citizens are too proud to
supplicate, too loyal to rebel, and time must soon
determine the extent of their forbearance.
I hope that our three members may be allowed
seats upon this floor, in accordance with the hon-.
estly expressed conviction of a law-abiding peo-
ple.
Mr. PARHOTT. In the gentleman's speech
occurs this expression:
II Again, to illustrate the fidelity and bluet adherence to
law shown by the people of Minnesota, f wish, paiticulaily,
to cite gentlemen to the fact, that it has never cost the Gov-
ernment one cent to preserve order, and defend the people
residing on the frontiers fiom the murderous assaults of hos-
tile Indians, at a time when thousands of troops weie sta-
tioned m the iieaii of Kansas, at an enormous cost to the
Govei nment, to carry oat the law and prevent our own peo-
ple from shooting down one another. Kansas comes to vou
buulened with an enormous expense ofhlood and treasure,
and bearing the infamy of opposition to the laws of the land,
while Minnesota has complied with all the requisitions of
the law.15
I would like to ask the gentleman on what .
basis that unwarrantable charge against Kansas is !
made.1 I
Mr. KINGSBURY. I mi^htbase it upon every j
speech made here since the 9th of December j
last. i
j Mr. PAEROTT. The charge is untrue, and !
1 I do not think that the expiession has occurred in j
any other speech upon this floor. If that be the |
best reason which the gentleman has to make that (
remark, good taste would suggest, I think, the j
propriety of leaving it unsaid. j
Mr. KINGSBURY. It is based upon facts be-
fore the country.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing substitute:
Whereas, an act was passed February 26, 1857, erftitled
" An act to authorise tiie people of the Terntoiy of Min-
nesota to form a constitution and State government, pie-
pal atory to their admir^ion into the Ifriion on an equal
looting with the onginal States;'" and whereas, delegates
of the people did, on the 29th day of August, A. D. J857,
traiue a constitution winch does not confoim with the Con-
stitution and laws of the United Slates: Therefore,
Be it enactedby the Seriate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the State of Mmnes-otabhall be one ot the United States of
America, and shall be admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects whatevei,
after a full compliance with the following fundamental con-
dition precedent, to wit: That the constitution fiamcd fat
Saint Paul, m the Teiritoiy ol Minnesota,) on the 29th day
of August, A. D. 18o7, shall be submitted to a convention
of the people of the said Terntoiy of Minnesota, to be com-
posed of the number of delegates and to be apportioned and
elected in the mode and manner prescribed by the act of
Fobiuary 'J'o, 1857, said election to be held on the firstMon
day of August next, and said delegates to assemble at the
Hall of the" House of Representatives at the capital of said
Terntoiy on the first Monday of trcpfembei next, at twelve
o'clock, m.; and snid convention shall conform said con-
stitution to the Constitution and laws of the United States,
oi, at its discretion, shall frame a new constitution in con-
foinuty with the Fedeiai Constitution ; and said convention
: shall have the same powers, perform the same duties, be
subject to the same qualifications, and the same proposi-
tions aie hereby offered tor its free acceptance or rejection,
; as are presented by said act; and the action of taid con-
: \ention shall be subject to the approval and ratification of
the people of the proposed State.
i Sec. 2 Jlnd be it further enacted, That after said condi-
i tipn compiled with, the said Slate shah be entitled to two
i Repiesentatives m Congiess, to be ejected m single dis-
1 tucb, to be prescribed by the convention.
' Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the admission
of Minnesota under the constitution that is pre-
sented here, because she has not complied with jj
the enabling act of Congress, and because her jj
constitution does not, in my opinion, conform .to |:
the Constitution and laws of the United States. I [j
know that in opposing the admission of a free r
State—a State where slavery cannot exist—I run i!
counter to the feelings of many of those with [j
whom I ordinarily act; but I intend to place my |
opposition to this bill upon other grounds than jj
those involved in sectional questions. ^ jj
Thoact which authonztil the people of the Ter- ij
ritory of Minnesota to form a State government, ;
prescribes three distinct and separate conditions.
The first is, that a convention of a fixed number \[
of delegates shall be clccted by the people. The j1
second is, that the constitution to be framed by
that convention shall conform to 4he Constitution
and laws of the United States. The third is, that
this constitution shall be submitted to a vote of
the people, and shall be approved by them. In
my opinion, two of these conditions have not been
complied with. No such convention as is con-
templated by the enabling act ever sat in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota. The law prescribes the
number of that convention to be seventy-eight, or
twice the number of Representatives in the Terri-
torial Legislature. Instead of electing seventy-
eight they elected one hundred and eight; in-
stead of complying with the law, as the Delegate
of the Territory boasts they did, they have vio-
lated the law bygivina;it a construction which it
does not bear, and which no intelligent lawyer
would give it.
Nor, sir, did the delegates thus elected assem-
ble in convention. Unless you can call one mob
of fifty-four men arrayed against another rm.b of
fifty-nine men, some of whom were not elected at
all, meeting in separate bodies,, and denying each
other's authority, a legal convention"of seventy-
eight members, they never had a convention m
Minnesota. We know that two separate bodies
met, onein the Hall of the House, and the other in
the Council Chamber of the Territory. It was not
a convention of the people. On the contrary, it
was a spectacle not provided for by Congress, or
contemplated by the people,and if sanctioned by
Congress, will greatly discredit our lepublican in-
stitutions. Instead of a legal convention, commit-
tees of conference of two illegal bodies got up a
scheme which they call a constitution, and sub-
mit it for our consideration.
But, sir, I do not intend to dwell upon this
topic. It is apparent that Minnesota, in the elec-
tion of delegates, followed the same example that
had been set in other Territories. I have no offi-
cial evidence of the facts to present to the House,
but we know that the newspapers of both the
political parties teemed with allegations of fraud.
1 have no doubt, though I cannot base it upon
any official statement, that there was great fraud
in the election of some of the delegates. I did hope
that when Minnesota, a growing free Territory,
in which there was no dispute as to the charac-
ter of their institutions, should apply for admis-
sion as one of the sisterhood of States, she would
come here orderly, with decency, and with pro-
priety; that her convention would pursue the
course marked out by the law, frame a constitu-
tion, submit it to the people for their approval
or rejection, and then, with their approval, sub-
mit it here for our sanction. Instead of that
they have elected the wrong number of delegates.
They have connected in disgraceful^ association
the name of Pembina with Oxford, Sliawnee, and
Kickapoo. Uncivilized Indians were arrayed at the
polls instead of armed and organized invaders.
Then, instead of meeting in convention, the dele-
gates met in hostile bodies, and by committees of
conference framed a constitution.
But, I might be willing to overlook this. I might
be willing to overlook the mere irregularities of
the convention itself—especially as the people of
Minnesota have adopted the work of that conven-
tion—but that this constitution does not conform
to the Constitution and laws of the United States.
The allegations of the Delegate from Minnesota,
which were read from the Clerk's desk, are not
sustained by the facts. She has been far from
showing her fidelity or adherence to law. She has
permitted her struggling partisans of the Demo-
cratic party to trample upon the laws. The con-
stitution framed by these two badly-organized
mobs, violates the Constitution of the United
States and the acts of Congress.
Mr. KINGSBURY. In what particulars?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will point them out.
I have examined this constitution carefully. I find
that section one, of article four, of the constitution,
provides that "the Legislature of the State shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives,
which shall meet at the seat of government of the
State, atsuch times as shall be prescribed by law."
I have carefully examined the remaining clauses,
and find no limitation to the duration of the time for
which the Representatives hold office. At first, {
supposed the omission was accidental, and that
the convention, in the hurry of their miserable
vsmfe, did not examine the matter, and that the
limitation of time was overlooked -, but recent
