1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207*
liis accounts were authorized to be settled by the
Secretary of State. We have restricted it so that
he shall receive no compensation for his own ser-
vices, but merely be reimbursed the money ex-
pended on behalf of the Government in regard to
the reciprocity treaty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "What was he engaged
in?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Aiding in the
negotiations that led to the reciprocity treaty of
1854. It was a matter that had been carried on
for several years before it was consummated, com-
mencingas far back as the administration of Pres-
ident Polk, and going through the administrations
of Taylor and Fillmore, and finally to that of
General Pierce.
There are then certain amendments adopted by
the House to the amendments of the Senate, in
which the committee of conference recommend a
concurrence. There is one appertaining to life-
boats on the Atlantic coast. The House had di-
rected Holmes's life-boat to be obtained; the Sen-
ate struck out" Holmes's," and inserted " best;"
the House amended that, and inserted "self-
righting." The committee of conference^agreed
to recommend that the amendment be concurred
in, so that it will read the " best self-righting "
boat.
The twenty-eighth amendment concerns statis-
tics of manufactures. The House attached the
limitation " provided the same shall complete the
work." The committee on the part of the Senate
agreed to recommend a concurrence in it.
The forty-eighth amendment is concerning the
ascertainment of debts due to the States. The
committee on the part of the Senate recommend
concurrence in the amendment of the House re-
quiring a report to be made by the Secretary of
the Treasury to the next Congress.
The sixty-second amendment is the amend-
ment of the Senate for the printing of the State
papers. The only question between the House
and Ihe Senate was the proviso attached by the
House; and the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate said they would recommend the proviso to be
retained.
X have now explained the action of the com-
mittee of conferencc; and 1 demand the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot do it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Preferring to see
the bill defeated, rather than have it passed in its
present shane, I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. If the motion to lay on
the table does not prevail, cannot the question be
taken separately on these amendments '
The SPEAKER. The Manual provides ex-
pressly that the vote on a conference report shall
be taken as an entirety.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the report
is laid upon the table, will it not carry the bill
also?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Several Members. That is the very thing we
want.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee, who has moved
to lay the report on the table, that his object can
bo better attained, and a <:ood deal ot time will be
saved, by simply taking a vote on tne adoption
of the report. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; I am op-
posed to the whole bill. .
Mr. SICKLES. With the permission of the
House 1 desire to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee of conference a question.
Mr. WASIIDURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 48, nays 109; as follows:
Y£ YS—Me^-rs. Atkms.Aveiy, Knrk*d.ile, Bennett. Bil-
li unburst. Bingham, Blair, Burnett, Caskie, Clemens, Cobb,
CoiVax, Curiy, Curtis, Dean, Dodri, Dowdoll, Faula-
nn Komi n t'\>h'V, Gi.imjer, Giow, Hoard, Hopkins Houa-
um (in^WJom-s l.otoher, Loveioy, Humphrey Mar-
- (nil, Mavnard, Mot an, Mou, Powell, Koasjan,
Uicaud. Utilim, lius*ell, beak'*, hemy ..I. Simv. , U illuun
Sin ail. Spmuei, Htev<-n-on«Talhot,l ompkwis, Underwood,
John Vr. Wngbt. and Zolheofifer—'*8.
Mil, Andifws, Arnold. Uncock. Boyce,
?• p. \ ,.r, v.u-l. i'oj.. ru i.n'i.i u", -•
Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, dawson,
Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Comins, Corn-
ing, CovotTe, Cragin, James Craig, Davidson, Davis of
Maryland, Davis ot'lndiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dcwart, Ditnmick,
Durfce, Edie, English, Florence,Poster,Giddings,Oilman,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Lawrence W. Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hawkins, Hoiton,
Howard, Huyler, Jackson, J. GJancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Leidy, Leiter, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles,
Millson, Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Niblack, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Peyton, John
S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Pottle,
Purviance, Rcilly, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royco, Rus-
sell, Sandidge, Scott, Searing, Jucli-on W. Sherman, Sam-
uel A. Smith, James A. Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Trippe, Wade, Walbridge, Walton,
Ward, Elhhu S. Washburne, Israel Washburn, White,
Wmslow, Wood, and Woodson—109.
So the House refused to lay the report upon
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SAVAGE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Farnsworth. He [Mr. Savage] was
opposed to the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold. Bowie, Boyce, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaifec, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, John Coch-
rane, Comins, Corning, Covode, Cragin, James Ciaig, Da-
vidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawep, Danmick, Edie,
Florence, Foley, Foster. Giddmgs, Gil man, Gihnoi, Gooch,
Goodwin, Lawience W. Ilall, Hawkins Jlorton, ilowaid,
Huyler, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, John C. Kun-
kel, Lnndy,Leidy,Lcitei, Miles, Edward Joy Morns Fiec-
man II. Morse,Niblack, Palmer, Pendleton,John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps. Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Reilly, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Roberts, Rus-ell, Scott, Sealing, Ju'lson W. Sher-
man, Sickles, James A. Stewart. William Susvait, Tap-
pan, George Tajloi, Miles Taylor. Thaver, Waid, Elhhu
B. Washhurne, Jsiael Washburn, White, Wmslow, Wood,
and WOod&on—S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Atkins, Avery, Baiksdale,
Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bocock, Brayton,
Burnett, Caskie, Clemens,Cobb, Coltax, Currv. Cum--. D.i-
vis of Maryland, Dean, Dodd, Dowdcil, Durfee, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Fenton, Goode, Granger, Grow, Thomas
L. Harris, Hatch, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jew-
ett, George W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelsev, Knapp, Lamar, ,
Letcher, Lovejoy, McCiueen, Samuel S. Marshal). Ma^on, ,
Matteson,Maynard, Millson.Mooic,Mor«an, Morrill, Mott, '
Parker, Powell, Reagan, Ricaud, lloyce, RuiTni, Sandidae,
Scales, llenry M. Shaw. Shoiter. William Smith, Spinner,
Steve.i<on, Talbot,Tonipkms, Tnppe,Undeiwood, Wade,
Waibudge, Walton, and Zolhoofter—74.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that he
had paired off upon this question with Mr. Smith,
of Tennessee, or he should have voted " no."
Mr. BLISS stated that he was not within the
bar when his name was called, or he should have
voted " no."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was agreed to,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of tne
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins
in the chair,) and resumed the consideiauon ot
the amendments of the Senate to the
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the fourth amendment ot the
Senate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to rcduce
the amount §10,000.
Mr. Chairman, I stated, when I addressed the
committee upon this subject before the recess, that
these contractors had never fulfilled their con-
tracts. 1 have the evidence of it before me now.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a question of order.
I make the question of order that the gentleman
must confine himself to the pending amendment;
that he has no right to go into the general ques-
tion nf the manner in which the contractors have
i;crf.>rn:cd their contact.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
question of order is well taken. The gentleman
must confine himself to his motion to reduce the
appropriation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Here is a proposi-
tion made to pay these men §147,000 on account
of their mail service. Of course, whether we do
it or not depends upon our conception of that ser-
vice, and the manner in which they have fulfilled
their contract. Now, if that be so, I should like
to know how I am out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's remarks were out of order. The gentle-
man will pursue a course of argument pertinent
to the particular amendment he has offered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is what I was
doing. I was adverting to the contract out of-
which this claim has grown, and I confess my
inability to do otherwise than to address myself
to the contract under which alone the parties can
be entitled to this money.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question is,
whether, under their contract, these parties are
entitled to more than the sum I have named? I
say they are not, because they themselves have
never fulfilled that contract; and one of the points
to which I address myself is to show that they
never have done it.
Let us look at this question in another point of
view. I have the memorial of these gentlemen
here before me, dated January 27, 1857. They
say:
" After the labor of neaily ten years, it is a matter of no-
toriety that every consideiation which prompted our Gov-
ernment to enter into their arrangement with us has been
tnumphuntly achieved, and that ihe only failure of the en-
terprise has been in its producing less lemunciation to us
than we had reason to anticipate."
I deny it in toto. I have the contract here, and
they have never complied with it. They were to
build steamers of great speed. They did that, to
be sure, but it was their bargain. But when cas-
ualties happened to their vessels, they had to re-
sort to steamers not of great speed. They were
bound to build steamers of great speed, and they
built and lost them, and then they expect the
Government of the United States to give them the
bonus that was promised for vessels of greatspeed
when they have put on the service steamers not
of greatspeed. I say they are not entitled to this
money. I say that the Postmaster General, who
superintends this service, with the approval of
the Attorney General, Mr. Cushing, as is stated
by the present Attorney General, having con-
cluded to diminish the allowance made to these
men because of the inferior character of the ser-
vice for which they stipulated, there is no prin-
ciple of justice and no propriety in giving them
this $140,000. You might as well give it to some
of these poor old men and women, about whom
we have heard so much.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman,
there is not much of argument left on this ques-
tion.and there are but very few facts on which
that argument proceeds. It is confined to a ques-
tion based upon the contract—a contract which is
subsisting at this identical time; and upon that
contract and that alone is it that these parties here
should stand or fall. The opinion of the Attor-
ney General has been delivered upon this con-
tract, and he states in that opinion that there is
no degree of speed required by it, and that whether
these vessels performed the voyage at the rate of
twelve miles or more an hour, or whether in
twelve days or more is entirely immaterial, for
there is no limitation as to speed.
Then, as to the question of the fine or penalty.
There is none now inflicted or that has ever been
attempted to be inflicted. It is a simple question
of withholding payment because of a failure to
perform the service as agreed. In my judgment
that service was perfoimed; but for a few^ trips,
not by the original steamers, but by the Liicsson,
substituted because of the loss of the Arctic; and
that substitution, sir, was made by the consent of
the Navy Department. These are the whole facts
of tfm case. Said I not light, then, that this is
simply a question of justice, simply a question of
performance of contract, and not a question in-
volving competing interests ' Sir, if a question of
competition arose here, I might perhaps occupy
a different position.
