2972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June II,
The gentleman whose name I was sorry to hear
introduced into this discussion, Commodore Van-
derbilt, is a constituent of mine. His name is
identified with enterprise and commerce, and is
dear to the pride of the country. Familiar in his
early days with the humble pursuits of labor, now
the prows of his vessels contend with the waves
of every sea; their keels vex the placid waters,
and their shrill whistle startles the silence of trop-
ical forests. To him, above all others, should be
attributed the earliest occupancy of the Central
American avenues of a world-expansive com-
merce. I deprecate all struggles of competition
with that gentleman. I am proud that I am en-
abled to comprehend him on this floor among a
constituency that would reflect honor on any man.
But, sir, I demand, at the same time, justice for
Mr. Collins and his associates;and it is upon the
justice of that contract, as averred and adjudica-
ted by the opinion of the Attorney General, that
I put tins question hero thismight before this com-
mittee, and ask their favorable vote.
The amendment of Mr. Smitii, of Virginia, was
disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Here the committee informally rose; and Mr/
Davidson, from the Committee on Enrolled Bills,
reported that they had examined and found truly
enrolled bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. ISO) for the relief of .Tennett H.
McCail, only child of Captain James McCall, of
the revolutionary war; and
An act (S. No. 227) for the relief of Albert G.
Allen;
When the Speaker signed the same.
POST OFFICE APPROPUUTIOiN BILL—AGAIN-
The committee again resumed its session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Was the Senate
amendment announced as concurred in?
The CHAIRMAN. It was.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I called for a di-
vision at the time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thought he
heard some call for a division, but was not cer-
tain of it; and he paused to hear if it would be
repeated. The Chair will put the question to the
committee whether there shall be a division on
that amendment.
The question was put; and it was disagreed to.
Fifth amendment:
f?pc. 7. And he it fin thcr enaded, That po muoh of the
eighteenth -cctHm of the act entitled u An act to reduce the
ruto o! po-M<re and hunt the u-c and coireet the alnr-e of
the fiankipg privilege, ana Tot the prevention of frauds m
the revriiuo> of the Po.t Othro Department,1' anpiovod
iMarrh i?M5. as inquire* the advertisement of letters un-
called !oi m am* po-t office, to he incited in the new-pi-
per oi new - paper - having the iniye^t circulation m the town
<n place \vh>'te the office adv< situated, he, and the
same i-> lieteby. repealed : -Mid the Po-tnui-t"rGeneiaUhall
hei!c<ifo!t!i enn-p the -an;e to be published in Mich news-
paper a- will publi-h it at the lowest price; and that the
cnin-pen-a'ion to he paid for tiie paid adveinsenHnts shall
not be gieater than that now allowed by law.
Mr. J. CLANCY JONES. That amendment
of the Senate is a change of the law relative to
advertisement of letters uncalled for. It provides,
instead of advertising in papers having the largest
circulation, that they shall be given to the lowest
bidder. The Committee of Ways and Means
lecommend a concurrence.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust that it will not be
concurred jn. The price now paid is hardly a
living price. This means of giving information
to u 'arge eh.^ of the community ought, too, to be
continued. Toe consequence of the adoption of
this amendment will be togivethp miverfisemeiit
to papers of a small circulation. There is a paper
in Philadelphia, which publishes this advertise-
ment,and which circulates sixty thousand copies
a day; and while U is probable that that peper,
rather than not have it would do it for nothing,
yet I think it ought to be paid a fair price for
doin? it.
Mr, COLFAX. I differ with my friend from
Pennsylvania, and hope that the amendment will
be concuued in. All over the country there in
doubt about the veracity of the affidavits made as
to the number of circulation upon which contracts
for these advertisements are made, and this pro-
vision wiil remove that difficulty.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FLORENCE. I give notice that I shall
call for a division on this amendment in the House.
• Sixth amendment:
Jltid be it further enacted, That not more than two thou-
sand five hundred dolUws per annum shall be paid to any
special agent of the Post Office Department as compensa-
tion for services ;.but this act shall not be constiued so as
to raise the rate of compensation of such agents in any case.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The effect of that
amendment is to' lessen the compensation of
special mail agents, and the Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
And be it further enacted, That post offices shall be open
for the receipt and dehveiy of letters, papers, and mail
matter, for all persons at the same time; and no practice
or arrangement shall he allowed by which any person or
persons, foi any consideration, can obtain their letters or
papers earlier or later, out of t>aul offices, than all or any
other* may receive their letters or papers, on applying there-
for ; nor shall any practice oi an angement exist whereby
any petson or persons can mail then letters oi papers ear-
lier or later than all or any other peivons may mail their
letters or papers on offering so to do: Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall prevent the use of locked boxes
as they have been heretofoie authorized.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Jind he \t further enacted, That after the 30th of June,
18'jS, the iate of po^taife op all letteis  ent tluoogh the mail
shall be five cents for any distance under three thousand
miles, and ten cents for any distance over three thousand
miles.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have nothing to
say on that amendment further than that I sup-
pose every member understands it. It repeals
the present law fixing the rate of postage at three
cents, and increases it to five. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust the Senate
, amendment will be adopted. I do trust it will be
adopted at any rate, because we are already ap-
i propnaung lanre sums from the Treasury to sup-
port the Post Office D<?ptutment. We can easily
remedv the difficulty and increase our receipts by
levying this small contribution upon persons all
over the country. We all know that three cents
for a distance of three thousand miles is inade-
quate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust, most sincerely,
that the amendment will not be agreed to. [Cries
of" Question !"] 1 am not in favor of retrograde
movements. I think we took one retrograde move-
ment a Utile while ago, and I tm^t the good sense
of this committee will vote down this amendment,
so that intelligence may be diffused through the
country at the lowest rate. Gentlemen talk about
this being a self-sustaining Department. Is the
Navy self-sustaining5 Is the Army self-sus-
taining? [Cries of " Question !"] I have said
all I desired.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend,
by inserting after ''three thousand miles" the
words "and not less then one hundred miles,"
so as to leave the present rate of postage in force
j. for all distances less than one hundred miles.
|j Mr. ENGLISH. Will it be m order to amend
!; that amendment, by adding from Washington
j: city to Wnrrenton, Virginia?"
|| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. T do not know
li what the gentleman means by that; but he can
! have any amendment he pleases, so far as War-
j renton is concerned.
j The amendment was not agreed to.
j Mr. SANDIDGE. For'he purpose of saying
i a few words, I move to amend by striking out
j " fen,5' end inserting " fifteen." Now, I am sat-
! isfied that this House will not agree to this amend-
i mcnt proposed by the Senate; but I think the
j amendment ought to be agreed to, and that every
| member of the House coming from the interior
I of the States should vote for it, for the simple and
1 substantial reason that but in five States of this
' Confederacy do the receipts from postage pay the
j expense of transporting the mails. The conse-
i quence is that the expenses are so much in ad-
i vance of the receipts, that all gentlemen who come
i fiom the new States, or from the interior and thin-,
j ly settled portions of the o'.d States, find it an ex-
| cecdingly uifficultmatterto get those mail facilities
1 to winch they think their constituents entitled.
Now, if you want mail facilities in the interior,
and in the western and southwestern country, yo"
must increase the receipts into the Treasury; and
I know of no other way in which it can be done
except by an increase of the rate of postage. My
opinion is that there is not a man in this Confed-
eracy off the Atlantic coast, which is the only
place where the mail receipts do more than meet
the expenses, who would not be willing to pay
five cents upon a letter carried any (distance, on
which he now pays three cents. These are my
reasons for believing that the Senate amendment
ought to prevail.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to the amendment;
and I hope we will have a vote. We have heard
this whole thing discussed over here twice befor
Mr. SANDIDGE. I withdraw my amen
merit.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strike out "five"
and insert "eight," so as to make the letter post-
age eight cents. I desire to give a few reasons
why the Senate amendment should be concurred
in. Last year we voted for the deficiency in the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department of §>2,500,000.
This y^ar we also voted a deficiency of § I,400,000,
making an aggregate of $3,900,000, which the
Post Office Department has cost us overand above
receipts, besides $2,000,000 further for transpor-
tation of ocean mails. This is one of the few
amendments which the Senate has offered to us to
reduce the expenditures of the Government, and
I wish to see whether the House intends to con-
cur in it or not.
We have, by committees of conference and
other means, agreed to appropriation after appro-
pi iation, extravagance after extravagance. The
House will bear me witness that there has been
no bona fide effort made this session to reduce the
public expenditures. As a member of the Dem-
ocratic party, of that party which has a majority
in the House, of that party which will be held,
and which ought to be held, responsible to the
country for the expenditures of the Government,
I hope the House will reduce them. Sir, I be-
lieve that there has been, if not a systematic effort,
at least an unconscientious effort on the paitof
members on the Opposition side of the House to
create a deficiency in the public revenue—and that
for the purpose of raising the tariff upon us again.
I believe there is an effort on the part of members
here to keep the expenses of the Government to
that point that will entail the necessity of increas-
ing the tariff of last year. I have heaid such
propositions privately intimated, and I have heard
them publicly made. I denounce them as con-
trary to the principles of the Democratic party.
Wherever an argument is made against a party
on the ground of extravagance, as in the party
platforms of 1840 and 1844, the people are gov-
erned by such arguments. Now, sir, 1 believe
that there is a design li^re to raise the tariff; and
this is the meaning of all the extravagances of this
Congress, i hope the House will concur in the
Senate amendment.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to the gentleman
amendment. This is an old discussiun. Let the
vote be taken.
Mr. KILGORE. I move to strike out " five"
and insert " two."
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Virginia, by
striking out " eight" and inserting " five."
Mr. KILGORE. That is my proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I sought the floor, Mr.
Chairman, for the purpose of stating that an ob-
jection which I have to this proposition coming
from the Senate is, that it is in conflict with the
seventh section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, which provides that all bills for raising rev-
enue shall originate m the House of Representa-
tives. This measure, tacked on to this bill by the
Senate, is a bill for raising revenue; and I pro-test
—and have sought the floor foi that puipose—•
against that provision of the Constitution being
infringed in this indirect way, because this propo-
sition is nothing more than a proposition to raise
revenue. It is accepted as such; it is defended as
such. It is pressed upon our attention as a means
of replenishing an exhausted exchequer.
Without going into the question of the suffi-
ciency or insufficiency of the present rates of post-
age, or whether cheap postage is, on the whole,
wise economy or not, 1 am, on the ground I havo
already submitted,opposed to the amendment of
