1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
ment, and to come into the Union on a footing
Willi thy original States according to the Federal
Constitution. Now, what does the Constitution
say? In section three of article four, we find:
" New States may be admitted hy the Congress into this
Union.5'
The law says they shall have authority to form
a State constitution, and to come into the Union
according to the federal Constitution. What
docs the Federal Constitution prescribe? That
they shall comeinto theUmon when admitted by
Congress. It may be, but it is not necessary to
go into thatquestion, that in the instance of Ohio,
cited by the honorable Senator, Congress, m the
law giving power to the people of the Territory j
to erect themselves into a State, at the same time J
by anticipation, declared that they should be ad- j
nutted into the Union when their constitution ;
should be formed. It might have given its assent l
m advance. I have not examined that law. 1 •
should thmk it would be a very improvident ex- •
ercise of the power of Congress to do it, but that j
is not the case here. Here authority is given to
them to come into the Union accoiding to the
Federal Constitution, remitting them in express
language to the power conferred by the Constitu-
tion'on Congress to admit, and requiring an act
of admission. Then as to the right set up as a
Senator de jure; if he were a Senator de jure; if
this were like the law to erect Ohio into a State,
and if the assent had been given in advance; still
the question of privilege remains behind. He is
not a Senator; he is endued with no power, im- i
. munity, or franchise of a Senator until he has
taken the oath to support the Constitution, and
is thus admitted as a member of the body. A
question of privilege, I say, clearly, cannot attach
to one standingm the condition in which the hon-
orable gentleman is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it seems
to me that my friend from Virginia has very
hastily adopted inconsiderate opinions on this
subject. Fie says the person in whose behalf this
application is made, must be a Senator befoicany
question of pnvilege can arise respecting his
rights, and he'seems to suppose that taking the
oath is essential to the constitution of his charac-
ter as a Senator.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question r Can tin* alleged Senator who
has written the letter exercise any power upon
this floor until he has taken the oath to support
the Constitution? Until he is endued with the
authoiity conferred by the Constitution is he a
Senator of the United States?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will say this to my
honorable friend, that although it may be exceed-
ingly right and proper, and he is required by law
to take the oath before he acts, yet it constitutes
no part of his senatorial character. If he acts
without taking the oath, I would ask the Senator
if his acts are not valid? If a judge goes upon
the bench without taking the oath of office, and
sentences a man to death, is not the sentence valid,
and is it not pronounced by a judge ? That judge,
to be sure, has failed to perform one of the con-
ditions which the commission under the law im-
poses on him, which is to take an oatk. Was not
my honorable friend from Virginia a Senator by
the election of the State that sent him here before
he took an oath ? If he was not a Senator before,
could your admimstei ing any oath to him make
him a Senator? No, sir. That authority which
constitutes him a Senator, and confers upon him
its privileges, is one thing, and the oath required
by the United States, as a further sanction and
security for his fidelity, is an additionalsateguard;
that is all.
But suppose I came here, or my honorable friend
from Virginia came here, as he has done, with his
credentials, and presented them, and you refused
to administer to him the oath, can you imagine a
more flagrant breach of privilege than that would
be ? Suppose lie stood here now, with the creden-
tials of another election in his hand, demanding
to be sworn in, and that you lefused to do it, I ask
him if that would not he a question ot privilege—
the highest, possible question of privilege ' I thmk
he will, on further consideration, agree with me
that it is; and this answers completely the reply of
my other honorable friend from Virginia, his col-
league. It does not seem to me that there is any-
thing in the argument. 1 am entitled to my seat
as a Senator; you refuse to administer to me the
oath required by the Constitution, and you there- i
fore exclude me from my seat. If this is not a
breach of privilege I am unable to comprehend
what is.
Sir, this is not a new question. We are told
that the Senators from the State of Ohio were per-
mitted to take their seats, and did act here with-
out any regular formal act of admission on the
record. Now, what does the Constitution say? 1
The gentleman has told us that its provision is,
that new States may be admitted into the Union j
by the Congress; that is all. It is in these gen- •
eral terms, leaving so much to the discretion of :
Congress, that this whole power is given. These ]
are the general terms of the grant of rower. Will .
the gentleman undertake to prescribe the only
mode in which this power shall be exercised?'
Are not the modes various in which it may be ex-
ercised ? The Constitution, in general terms, has ,
given the power, but the Constitution has not pre- ;
scribed the particular modes of action in which t
you are to exercise that pqyrer. j
New States may be admitted into the Union by |
Congiess. How? By acts subsequent, or acts
pievtous, or by acts cotemporaneous. Isthe're any
restriction as to the one mode or the other ? May
it not be done by a previous act as wolf as by a
subsequent act* Is not Congress competent to :
say to the people of a Territory do thus and so; i
make a lepubhcan constitution, and having done ;
that you shall be regarded at once as a member i
of the Confederacy, as a member of the Union J j
Would not that lie an admission of the State? 1
Would that contradict anything in the Consuiu-1
tion ? Would it be any extension of the powers '
granted by the Constitution, orany encroachment I
upon the Constitution to say beforehand, comply j
with such and such conditions; place that accept- |
anccof those conditions in your constitution, and !
you shall thereby and from that instant be a mem-
ber of the Union and an independent State? May
not Congress say that5 i do not &ee why they
may not. They may reserve the question ii they
please. The Constitution having piescnbed and
limited no particular mode, Congress might, for
convenience and expediency's sake, prescribe a
mode in which the power shall be exerciscd; but
Congress having made no prescription of that
sort as a general law, we are at full liberty as a
Senate to act on the subject and to judge of the
condition of that population whether it is still a
State or Territory. We may by a previous act,
as well as by a subsequent one, if I can understand
the subject, exercise the power vested by the Con-
stitution in the Senate.
This is not without precedent. But let me re-
mark first, before I come to that, that there is
scarcely tiny of the enabling acts, as they are
called, authorizing Territories to convert them-
. selves into States, that are exactly alike. In the
| case of Louisiana, the act of Congress author-
i lzing them to establish a State government and
form for themselves a constitution, provided that
that constitution should be sent to Congress and
submitted h 're. and that thereafter it was to become
a State if Congress did not disapprove of it. Was
that a constitutional act ? Louisiana was author-
ized to make a constitution, to submit that con-
stitution to Congiess, and if Congress did not
disapprove of it at the next session after its re-
ception, then the State was declared bylaw to be
admitted as a member of the Union. According
to that act, she could not become a State until
her constitution had been submitted; but no act
of admission was necessary for her according to
, the law: but if Congress did not positively ciis-
i approve, she was to become a State.
j What becomes, then, of the gentle man's doctrine
; that after a State is formed, and her constitution
j presented, we mustact upon a view of the consti-
tution, and pass an act of admission ? In no other
, enabling act that I know of does this provision
! occur. The language of some would induce us
to beheve that Congiess intended by that act to
! enable the people of the Territory to convert them-
' selves into a State at once, and Congress has so con-
' sidcrcdit. The ease of Indiana, though not quite
j so strong in the language of its act as this case is,
! presents a remarkable precedent on this subject,
i it was in the year 1616, and in the summer of that
| year, that the people of the Territory ot Indiana,
acting under an enabling act, authorizing: them to
! form a constitution and Stategovernment tor them-
1 selves, did so. They elected Representatives to
Congress before there had been any meeting of
Congress, or they had been admitted into Hfte
Union. Those Representatives appeared at the
beginning of the next session of the Congress to
which they w*c're elected, and were received with-
out any act being passed admitting the State into
the Union.
Again, sir, it happened that in that fall there
was a presidential election. They elected electors
for President and Vice President. Their election,
as we all know, took place before the meeting of
Congress. When the votes were counted in the
following February, the question was at once
made m the House of Representatives whether
those votes could be counted. It was said that
States alone had a right to participate in the elec-
tion of a President of the United States, through
the agency of electors, and that Indiana was not
a State, for she had not been formally admitted
by an act of Congress until after the time she had
chosen electors. But the vote of her electors was
counted, after a discussion and consideration of
the subject, and attention particularly drawn to it
in the House of Representatives. The Senate re-
tired from the joint conference, then holding, in
order to enable the House of Representatives to
settle the question.
There was Mr. Calhoun, and there were va-
rious other men whose names have since become
eminent, and particularly eminent as constitu-
tional lawyers. Mr. Calhoun said the votes were
proper, and ought to be counted; yet they were
the votes of electors who had been elected be-
tween the time when the people had formed a
State government, and the time of the formal ad-
mission of the State by Congress If William
Hendricks could be admitted there to,take his seat
in Congress before any act of formal admission
subsequent to the formation of the constitution
of Indiana; if electors could have their votes en-
titled to be counted foi that State before any for-
mal admission of her by Congress, why not the
Senators elected to this body from Minnesota be
peimuted to take their seats and act before the
foimal admission?
The point that is made on the part of the indi-
vidual applying to take his seat as a Senator is,
that Minnesota is a State in virtue of the enabling
act; that that actenabled her on certain terms and
conditions to be at once a State, and to come into
the Union as such underthe Federal Constitution.
She has performed those conditions. She has be-
come a State, according to his view and his argu-
ment, and is entitled to be represented on this floor
as a State. As Mr. Hendricks wafc permitted in
the other House to take his seat, and to vote, and
the votes of electors for President and VicePiest-
ident were allowed to be counted, although they
were elected before any formal admission by Con-
gress, I sec no reason why the gentleman in ques •
tion has nota just, constitutional, and lawful priv-
ilege to take his seat here; and, if it be denied to
him, to appeal to you and to this body as upon a
question of privilege to maintain and vindicate his
right.
The allowing him to take his seat here is one
thing, and a formal admission of the State another.
There may be, and are, certain purposes for which
it is very convenient to pass an act of formal ad-
mission into the Union. That may be done; but
it does not follow because that may be done that
the Senator shall not be permitted, before this for-
mal actbe done, to take his seat and represent his
State. You know that the constitution has been
made; you know, and the Senate know, that that
, constitution is of thechaiacter required by theen-
1 abhng law, and by the Constitution of the United
States we know the capacity of the principal to
appoint such representatives; we know, however,
that in transactions of such consequence as the
admission of States, it may be well enough for us
to adhere to the principle of giving a subsequent
consent, and admitting the State by subsequent
ace. We can retain that; but wheie is the leason
why this State shall be unrepiesented in uither
House, until you can have passed that act? I ho
, forms requue delay. Here is a fetate entitled to
! admission; and if it is entitled to admission, it is
! entitled to representatives on this floor. It is the
j privilege of the State to require it; it is the privi-
; lege of the person she elects to repiesent her to
' require it, and that is all that is done.
! The first question required by the enabling act,
; m respect to Minnesota in forming her constuu-
