2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the benefit of the public interest. We know also
that if this franking privilege should be abolished,
the abuses which both parties in this House
proclaim against will be cut off. The immense
amount of trash with which the public is now
gorged would be withheld if we abolish the frank-
ing privilege. How many people in the country
would pay the postage upon the documents which
now issue from this Hall? If we abolish the
franking privilege, would not these worthless doc-
uments be cut short? Your surveys, your ex-
plorations, in numberless instances gotten up for
party purposes, and for the benefit of individuals,
and not for the purpose of diffusing information
—for they give little or no information—would be
cut off. I do not believe that for .the five years I
have been here there are half a dozen of these vol-
umes which gentlemen have read. Your Con-
gressional Globe is not read anywhere in the coun-
try except by act of Congress. I believe, with
Webster, that, if the English language is to be
demoralized, it will be by the debasement of the
English tongue in the Halls of Congress. And
attne same time you impose a heavy and onerous
tax on the country!
The abolition of this franking privilege would,
in my judgment, save the country §5,000,000; and
does it lie in the mouths of men who clamor here
against the extravagance of the Government: who
talk about extravagance in building up your Navy
to sustain your flag, and repel outrages upon it;
who clamor about the enormities of your printing
expenses; docs it lie in their mouths, I say, to
oppose the abolition of the franking privilege?
[Here the hamme-r fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Kilgore's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MOR.GAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the words Senators of the United States," insert
the following:
Ex-Presidents, all the postmasters, and every other offi-
cer of the Government.
If there is to be any change made, Mr. Chair-
man, I am in favor of going the entire length, and
let every officer of the Government pay his own
postage, so as to have no privileges about the mut-
ter whatever. As the Senate amendment now
stands, you leave the privilege to postmasters, all
ex-Presidents of the united States, and a great
variety of other officers. If you cut one off, cut
all off. If you choose to try the experiment, do
it without any exception.
Mr. MILLSON. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, because I am op-
posed to the abolition of this so-called franking
privilege. My friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] repeatedly called it the franking privilege.
It should rather be called the franking duty. It
is rather a duty than a privilege: the duty is ours,
the privilegeourconstituents\ It is a duty which
we perform for the benefit of the public; it is a
duty which very many members would be very
glad to be relieved from; but the interests of the
people require that we should bear this burden a
little longer. Do gentlemen really fancy that mem-
bers of Congress are to be relieved in this way
from the obligation of sending to the people such
information as they desire to have, and ought to
have ? You would very soon find that some other
plan would be substituted for tbfe franking scheme;
you would find that stamps would be issued to
members of Congress, ana perhaps to a greater
extent than they require them, with which to cir-
culate letters, speeches, and documents, among
their constituents.
The objection made by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] is, that this frank-
ing duty involves a very heavy expense, and that
the Post Office Department ought to be a self-sus-
taining one. I never desired that it should be alto-
gether so. I believe that a portion of the expense
should be borne by the general public. The gen-
tleman's objection arises from the supposition
that no man derives advantage from a letter or a
newspaper but the man who receives the letter or
subscribes to the newspaper. This is a very great
mistake. There is scarcely a letter received by
any one which does not contain information that
is communicated to the neighborhood. There is
no information contained in a newspaper that is
not, to a greater or less extent, diffused through-
out the country. It is not the man who receives
a letter or a newspaper who derives exclusive ad-
vantage from it; nor is there any reason why he
should bear the entire burden of the postage
charge.
The information we now send to our constitu-
ents, in the shape of speeches and public docu-
ments, must be relied upon to correct the partial,
unfair, prejudiced, and sometimes slanderous
statements of newspaper correspondents. It is
in this way that we are enabled to give correct
reports.of our proceedings in Congress, and pro-
tect ourselves against the imperfect accounts sent
to the country by the correspondents of news-
papers. I regard it as a duty which we should
continue to perform, and one which I hope the
representatives of the people will not, in this way,
try to rid themselves of.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend by providing
that postage everywhere within the limits of the
United States should be equalized. Is that amend-
ment in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not now. This is an
amendment affecting the franking privilege alone.
The question was taken on Mr. Morgan's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment as amended; and it was non-concurred in—-
ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Tenth amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the printing of post bills,
blanks, printing drafts and warrants,postage stamps,stamped
envelopes, and printing parchments for the use of the Post
Office and other Executive Departments, shall be heieaftei
given to the lowest responsible bidder alter due public no-
tice.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now desire to
offer the following amendment, to come i  at the
end of the Senate amendments:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That postmasters who have
been or shall be appointed by the President, byand with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall continue in office
until their successors shall enter upon the duties of their
offices, notwithstanding their commissions may have ex-
pired; but this bhull not continue more than one month
after the next regular meeting of the Senate subsequent to
the termination of their teims of office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a question
of order on that amendment, that it is not relevant
to any part of this bill, that it changes the exist-
ing law, and that the text of the bill is not open
to amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I wish to explain
the amendment.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I wish the ques-
tion of order decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri that the commit-
tee is now acting upon the amendments of the
Senate alone.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am aware of
that; but I think the gentleman from Tennessee
will withdraw his objection when he understands
the amendment. Postmasters who are appointed
by the President, byand with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, are commissioned for a term
of four years, and no more; and when that time
has arrived, and their successors have not been
appointed, or have not entered upon the discharge
of their duties, they have been permitted to retain
their offices. Doubts are, however, entertained
whether they are liable to any penalties.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask a decision
of the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well; then
I will not insist on it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee do now rise and report the amendments
to the House, with the action of the committee
thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, and had directed him to report trie same
to the House, with a recommendation that some
of said amendments be concurred in, and others
non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
First amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate,
a Fourth Assistant Postmaster General, who shall receive
the same compensation as is paid to each of the other As-
sistant Postmasters General; and the said Fouith Assist-
ant Postmaster General is hereby authorized to send and
receive letters,packages and other matters, on official busi-
ness, through the mail, free of postage, subject to the same
restrictions and penalties as the other Assistant Postma&teis
G encral; and that the sum of $3,000 is hereby appropriated
fiff the salary of said officer, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859.
' The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avciy, Barksdale,
Bingham, Bowie, Bryan, Burnett, Bums, Caskie, Cavrm-
augh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Comtns, Corning, Covode, Cox,
Cragin, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Davis* of
Massachusetts, Dnntnick, Dowdcll, Edie, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, GiUis, Hatch, Hawkins, Horton, Houston,
Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Leidy, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maj^ard,
Peyton, John S. Thelps, William W. Phelps, Purviance,
Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Russell. Sandidge, Scott, Searing,
Shorter, Sickles, James A. Stewart, William Stewart,
George Taylor, Miies Taylor, Ward, Elhhu B. Washburne,
White. Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, and Woodson—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Boyee, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhn-
game, Burroughs, Case, Chapman, Clawson, Clay, Clem-
en?, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Crawford, Curtis, Davis of
Maiyland, Pavis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddmgs, Gtlmari,
Giimer, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck,
Grow, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hoard, Hop-
kins, Howard, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kel-
logg, Kel^ev, Knapp, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Matteson,
Millson, Morgan, Moriill, Edward Joy Mori is, Freeman li.
Morse, Mottj Olin, Parker, Pendleton, Potter, Pottle, Pow-
ell, Quitman, Reagan, Keilly, Ricaud, Royce, Scales, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, Talbot, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Walton, and Zoihcoffer—88.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LETCHER stated that Mr. Garnett had
paired off with Mr. Kilgore.
Mr. RITCHIE stated that he had paired off
upon this vote with Mr. Smith, of Tennessee;
he [Mr. Ritchie] being opposed to the amend-
ment, and Mr. Smith in favor of it.
Mr. COCKERILL stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Harlan.
1 MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by one
of its clerks, informing the House that the Senate
had agreed to the leport of the committee of con-
ference on the disagieeingvotes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the civil ap-
propriation bill.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bill
(No. 460) granting an invalid pension to Beriah
Wright, of New York.
ENROLLED BILL.
Subsequently,
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 460) grant-
ing an invalid pension to Beriah Wright, of New
York; when the Speaker signed the same.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the Post Office
appropriation bill.
The second
d and third amendments of the Sen-
ate were non-concurred in, as recommended by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the'
Union, without division.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to Edward K.
Colhns and his aeeoeiaterf the sum of$l47,7fl0, the balance of
appropriations heretofore made lor the transportation of the
mails from New York to Liverpool and back, and withheld
by the Depaitmeiit at quarterly payments made on the con-
tract for that service on the 30th days of June and Septem-
ber, and 31st of December, 1856. and 31st of March, 1857,
and 30th of June and September, 1857, respectively; but
there shall be deducted thorenom the sum of $1 lo,f>00, or
such sum as is owing to tlnj Umtod States for advances
made to E. K. Collins and Ins associates oy act of Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of theWhole
