1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
not/rise here to talk about parties. I know that,
in saying what I am now saying, I may not say
what will be appr&ved of by my party. But, if
party friends violate the law, I will Tebuke and
condemn them, unless they can show me a case
like that of Kansas or California, where the people
were forced to choose between despotism or irreg-
ularity.
Mr. KINGSBURY. The gentleman is very
willing to allow Kansas to bleed; but he cannot get
our people to bleed. They will not bleed. They
have conformed to all the requirements of the law,
although they were more severe than any ever im-
posed upon any people in the United States.
Mr.-SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is the very
questioh in dispute. I claim that they have not
conformed to the lav/, and the gentleman says
they have. I do not know that a single member
of the Republican party will vote with me. I sim-
ply want here to give notice " to the world and
the rest of mankind" that the. Congress of the
United States ought to establish some just, fair,
and reasonable rule, requiring the Territories not
only to submit their constitutions to the people,
but to come here in conformity to law.
The only other remark I desire to make is this:
In my judgment, all of these irregularities in the
Territory of Minnesota are to be attributed to the
influence of f'e^ral officers. Had it not been for
these Federal officers there would have been no
irregularity. It happens that the men who are
appointed "to fill territorial offices, and thus having
the power to mold, or aid in molding, the insti-
tutions of infant States, are the very men who
ought not to be appointed. It is your Sibleys
and Medarys and Gormans who are sent there,
and, to gratify their senatorial aspirations, infuse
their poison among the people, and thus derange
the movements of new States. They seek to con-
trol them, and then irregularity begins.
1 think that it would be a happy event for the
people of Minnesota if Congress could refer this
constitution back to them with the simple decla-
ration: " You shall come into the Union with all
the powers of the State, but the laws must be
obeyed. Come in regular form, and we will greet
you with hearty good will, and clothe you with
the rich dower and equal rights of a sovereign
State."
Mr. JENKINS. Mr. Speaker, it w,as not my
intention to address the House on this subject;
and I should not have taken the floor for that pur-
pose now, if it had not been for the remarkable
course of argument pursued by the gentleman
from Ohio. 1 have taken hurried notes of what
he said, and will reply to his positions in the or-
der in which he presented them.
The honorable gentleman set out with the re-
mark that it might occasion surprise in the minds
of some when they should discover him opposing
the admission of a free State kito the Union. A
moment's reflection will satisfy gentlemen that
those who will come in here as Representatives
upon this floor, if Minnesota be admitted into the
Union, will in their political opinions be radically
opposite to the gentleman from Ohio. In this
I find a satisfactory solution of the remarkable
anomaly of the gentleman being opposed to the
admission of a free State. As Democracy and
so-called Republicanism are antagonistic through-
out, so it requires no intellectual finessing to com-
prehend why the Republican gentleman from Ohio
should oppose the admission into the Union of
Democratic Minnesota.
The first proposition which the gentleman lays
down, and in which he supposes that he finds an
argument against the admission of Minnesota, is,
that the wrong number of delegates were elected
to her constitutional convention. I will read the
law on that point. The third section of the Min-
nesota enabling act is as follows:
" Sec. 3. -9mZ he itfuither enacted, That on the firstMon-
day m June n>\«, the legal voters in each representative
district then existing withm the limits of the proposed State,
are lieieby authouzed to fleet two delegates for each rep-
resentative to which said district may he entitled according
to the apportionment for representatives to the Tenitoiial
Legislature, wlneii election for delegates shall lie held and
conducted, and the returns made, in all respects in con-
foimity with the laws of said Territory regulating the elec-
tion ot representatives: and the delegates so elected shall
assemble at the Capitol ofsaidTerntoiy un the second Mon-
day in July next, and first determine, by a vote, whether it
is the wish of the people of the proposed State to be admit-
.ed into the Union at that time; and if so, shall proceed to
form a constitution, and take all necessary steps for the es
tabhsliment of a State government, jn conformity with the
Federal Constitution, subject to the approval and ratifica-
tion of the people of the proposed State."
It will be observed that this law is susceptible
of two entirely different constructions, depending
upon the signification which you attach to the
word " representativesIn a narrow and con-
strained Interpretation of the meaning of that word,
it would embrace only the members of the lower
branch of the Minnesota Legislature. A more
enlarged and liberal construction would also in-
clude the upper branch, or Senate. This is a ques-
tion of legal interpretation, upon which some dif-
ference of opinion might naturally arise. The
honorable gentleman from Ohio prefers the former
construction, which would have made seventy-
eight the proper number of delegates to be elected
to the constitutional convention. The Legisla-
ture and peopleof Minnesota, of all parties, placed
the latter construction upon the word; and acting
upon this, called a convention of one hundred and
eight delegates. Now, sir, this was done in good
faith. It could have been done in no other spirit.
What could the people of Minnesota gain by put-
ting this construction upon the law? Anything?
No, sir; nothing.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit to the candor and
good sense of this House, if this argument of the
gentleman from Ohio against the admission of
Minnesota haa any force or validity ? How stands
the case, sir, when plainly put, and disrobed of
the sophisms which the honorable gentleman has
sought to throw around it? Why; thus: Congress
passes an enabling act containing such vague and
loose phraseology as to admit of two construc-
tions as to the number of delegates to be elected
under it—a matter, by the way, of not the slight-
est importance. The people of Minnesota acted
upon what they considered the proper construc-
tion, and elected their delegates; and now the gen-
tleman from Ohio and his friends would have Con-
gress reject their application for admission into
the Union, because there might he some doubt
about the hidden meaning of the law which we
ourselves framed. Shall we, sir, avail ourselves of
the vague phraseology of our own laws to perpe-
trate a great wrong upon the people of Minnesota,
who acted in good faith, and placed what they
believed to be the most natural and rational in-
terpretation upon them? Shall we do this great
wrong, too, for an immaterial matter—the mere
number of delegates to their convention—a mat-
ter which concerns nobody but themselves ? In
thus availing ourselves of the vagueness of our
own laws, would we not be imitatmgthe example
of the Roman tyrant, who hung his laws so high
that the people could not read them, and then
punished those who, through ignorance, were so
unfortunate as to violate them ? I trust I need say
no more on this point.
But, sir, another irregularity which the honor-
able gentleman advances is, that that convention
was organized into two separate bodies. He de-
signates them as a mob. A mob ! It is a strange
state of things when a " Topekaite" denounces a
mob. I thought such language was reserved for
the Democratic side of the House. I do not think
that any man who acted with the Republican
party during this Kansas excitement, any who
during that excitement urged every conceivable
argument to override law and order in favor of
mobs, has the right here and now to make that ob-
jection. He has no right to apply the term "mob"
to a legally-elected body of delegates for the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota. I say that, in no proper
sense, can that convention, or the two bodies com-
posing it, if you will, be characterized as mobs.
The delegates were fairly elected. They consti-
tuted a legal convention. I do not care if they did
separate into two bodies. I do not care if they re-
tained a separate organization throughout. They
finally agreed upon the same instrument as the
organic law of the future State of Minnesota. It
is not, indeed, the usual method for a convention
to organize itself into two separate bodies. But
should a convention do so, yet finally concur in
the same action, that concurrence must be con-
sidered as covering such irregularity.
But, sir, I go further than that, and I wish to
say that one of those two conventions must have
been a legal convention, upon the theory advo-
cated by the gentleman himself. Now, sir, there
were all the delegates elected under the law, and
I care not how you divide them; ifintotwo bodies,
one of them must have been a legal convention;
for one of them must have contained a major-
ity of the legally-elected delegates. It seems to
me there is no escaping this conviction. Math-
ematical demonstration could not be plainer, nor
more satisfactory. In some cases it might be a
matter of the first importance to determine which
of these two bodies was the legal and proper con-
vention. In this case, fortunately, there is no
necessity for this inquiry, inasmuch as both
agreed upon the same constitution.
Now, sir, the gentleman knows very well that
this is so. He knows very well that the final ac-
tion of those two bodies corresponded in every
particular. He knows very well that every mem-
ber of the two branches of that convention, except
some four or five, signed the same constitution,
word for word.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
will see by reference to the Senate document (Re-
ports of Committees, No. 21) that the members of
the two branches signed different papers, though
they may, upon comparison, prove to be alike.
They kept up, however, a distinction to the very
end.
Mr. JENKINS. I will only say, in reply to
that, that I consider thataction equivalent to sign-
ing the same paper. It makes no sort of differ-
ence which paper they signed. Is it the paper
which comes here which constitutes the consti-
tution > I say, then, in the first place, by way of
a brief recapitulation on this point, that the con-
vention was net a mob; that it was legally and
fairly elected under the enabling act and territo-
rial law; that it properly assembled; and if it di-
vided into two branches, that fact makes no dif-
ference with the result, as they both signed the
constitution; and that it was as justly and strictly
a legal constitution as if there had been but one
body. In addition to all this, sir, this constitu-
tion has the sanction of the popular voice m ail
almost unparalleled manner; the proportion ofthc
whole vote being about the ratio of sixty in favor,
to one against it. '
Another objection which the gentleman from
Ohio makes against the admission of Minnesota
is, that the members of the lower branch of their
Legislature are elected for life. Why, sir, if the
State ofMinnesota chooses to elect her Represent-
atives for life, I cannot see that it is a reasonable
objection to heradmission. The gentleman may
say that it is anti-republican; but I think the gen-
tleman will find it hard to prove it. I admit that
it is not such a provision as I would vote for; and
if I were in a State which adopted such a constitu-
tion, and persisted m retaining it, I would remove
from such a State; but I should not consent to see
the despotic arm of the Federal Government in-
terpose to remedy the evil; for I believe the evils
which would grow out of such a doctrine of in-
terposition would be infinitely worse than those
sought to be remedied.
It will not do, sir, simply to say that a feature
of a State constitution, permitting Representatives
in the Legislature to serve for life, is odious, and
therefore sufficient reason for Congress to reject
it. I repeat, sir, that however odious such a fea-
ture would be, (and it would be as odious to me
as to any man living,) still that is a matter for
the people of the incipient State to decide for
themselves. If they want such a constitution, it
is their business, and not youis or mine, as mem-
bers of a Federal Congress. If the people of a
State want such a constitution, we cannot impose
adiffcrent one upon them against their will. When
they choose to change it they can do so. You must
then show that such a constitution is anti-repub-
lican, or however objectionable it may otherwise
be, the Federal Government cannot interfere. Is,
then, such a constitution anti-republican?
How, then, shall we ascertain the true meaning
of the term " republican," as used in that clause
of the Federal Constitution which says " that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government?"
First, let us examine the term itself. Is there
anything in its general signification which would
imply that it was incompatible with the idea of
members of the Legislature being elected for life ?
Clearly not; for if so, where will you draw the
line? Would it be anti-republican to have them
made eligible for five years? No one will con-
tend for that. Then would it be anti-repuiSlican
to have them eligible for ten years ? If not so for
ten, then for twenty years, or forty, or for "life ?
