1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2975
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in this amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bil-
linghuist, Gingham, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Burlingame,
Burroughs, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra
Claik, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Coinms, Corn-
ing, Oovodo, Cragin. Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Jowa, Dean, Bimnnck, Dodd, Durfee, English, Florence,
Foster, Gillis, Oilman, Gianger, Hatch,Hawkins,Hopkins,
Ilorton. How aid. Hughes, Iluylor, Kellogg, Kelly, Kelbey,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Lejdy, Mntteson. Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, Mott, Ohn,
Paikei, William W. Phelps, Pottei,lteilly,lticaud,Ritchie,
Itobbins, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Samlidge, Scott, Sicklcs,
James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan,George Tay-
lor, Thayer, Walton, Ward, Israel Washburn, and White-
ley—TO.
NAYS — Messrs. Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Blair,
Bonham, Bojce, Buffinton. Burnett, I?urns, Caskie, Horace
F. Clark, John B. Claik, Clemens, Cobb, Colfax, Cox,
James Ciaig, Orawfoid, Curry, Davis, of Indiana, Davis
of Mismsmppi, Bawes, Powde'l, T'Vhe, Foley, Giddings,
Gooch, Goode, (iroesbeck, Grow, J. Mornson Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones. Kent, Letter, Letcher, McQueen,
Humphrey M-asha!!, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Mav-
nard, Milison, Moruil, Niulack, Pendleton, Peyton, John
S. Piselp'j. Pottle, Puiviancc, Ciuttman, Reagan, Kufifm,
Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Spinner, Wil-
liam Sm.th, Stanton, Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Taylor,
Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Ellihu B. Wash-
buine, Woodson, and Zollicofi'er—74.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Sr.c. 7. Jitid be it further cnacted, That so much of the
eighteenth scction of the act entitled "An act to reduce the
rate of postage, and limit the use and correct the abuse of
the frankins privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on
the levenues of the Post Office Department," approved
March 3D, 1845, as requires the adveitisement of letters un-
called. foi in any po.-t office to be inserted in the newspaper
or newspapers having the largest circulation m the town or
place wKne the office advertising is situated, be, and the
same hereby, repealed, and the Postmaster Geneial shall
hencefouh cau.-e the same to be published m such news-
paper as will publish it at the lowest price, and that the
compensation to be paid for the said advertisements shall
not be greater than that now allowed by law.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand a division on the
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 94,
noes 41.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
wore not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enacted, That not more than
two thousan 1 five hundred dollar? per annum shall be paid
to any special agent of the Post Olhee Department as com-
pensation lor his> seivice ; but this act shall not be oonstiuod
to a-, to iawe the compensation of such agents in any case.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Scr.- P. Jlnd he it further enacted, That post offices shall
he (men foi the receipt anil delivery of letters, papers, and j
mait'matter, for all peisons at the same time ; and no prac- j
lice or airaiinoincut Miall ho allowed by which any person 1
or persons, for any consideration, can obtain their letters or ,
panels eai her or later out of said offices than all or any others i
may leeeive their letters 01 papcis on appljingtherefor ; nor ■
sVl anv practice or anaiiirement exist whereby any person
or persons can mail tlu'ir letteisor papers earlier or later
than ail or anv other persons ma)' mail their letters or papers
011 ej: e; m'" -; < tu do: Pronded, That nothing herein con-
tained -h.ii! prevent ihe use of locked boxes, as they have
been heietolore authorized.
The SPEAKER. The committee report a con-
currence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
10 And he it further enacted, That after the. 30th of ,
June I^.IH. the late of postage on all leiteis sent through j
1 i'■ n'l.ul .-hail he live cents vir any distance under three
ih.iu .uel miles, and ten cents for any distance over three
thousand unlet.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 121; as follows:
yr Yri r.Iossi-'. Atkins, Bark^dnle, Bocock, Bonham,
l'i',an, Ca-ka', Clemen", Cobb, Cuny, Dowdell,
Faulkner, Goode, Hopkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, i
Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Letcher, McQueen, Ma- j
son, Millson, Moore, Peyton, Powell, Quitman, Reagan, '
ftuffin, Sandidge, Scales, HenryM. Shaw, Shoiter, William !
Smith, Stallwoith, Stevenson, Miles Taylor, Wmslow, and i
John V. Wnght—39. j
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Axvry,
Billinghurst,Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Builin-
ton, Burlingame, Bums, Burroughs, Case, Cavanaugh,
Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Claik, Horace P. Clark, John B.
Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Col-
fax, Corains, Corning, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cuitis, Davis
of Maiyland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis oflowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Danmick, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Edie, English, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gid-
dmgs,Gillis,Gilmor, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbcck, '
Grow, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hawkins,
Hoard, Horton, Howard, Huylor, Jackson, Jenkins. J.
Glancy Jones, Owen, Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Itelsev, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Landy, Lovcjoj-, Maclay, McKibbin,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mattoson, JVTay-
nard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Mott, Niblack, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance,
Reilly, Iticaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Royce, Russell,
Sickles, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart. Tappan,
Geoige Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe, Undeiwood,
Wado, Walbridge, Walton, Waid, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, White, Wluteley, and Wortendyke—121.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SAVAGE stated that he had paired oiF
with Mr. Farnsworth.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, the
reading; of the list was dispensed with.
Ninth amendment:
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacte-l, That the franking piiv-
ilege now accoided to members of Congress be, and tlie
same is hereby, abolished from and after the 4th day of
March next.
Mr. MASON demanded the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bryan and
Abbott were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported, ayes twenty-nine—a sufficient number;
and the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 83: as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Atkins, Avcrv, Barksdale, Bennett,
Bingham, Bliss, Bonham, Brajto-i, Burlingame, Burroughs
Edie, Elliott, English, Faulknei, denton, Foley, Granger,
Grow, Thomas L. Harris, Hopkins, Iluvler, George W. j
Jones, Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Maclay, .
McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Moore, Morrill, ;
Edwaul Joy Morris, Pendleton, Potter, Purviance, IieiDy, !
Bobbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Henry j
M. Shaw, William Snnth. Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Miles i
Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Walbndge, Wor- :
tendyke, and John V. Wright—71. [
NAVS— Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Billing- j
hurst, Blair, Bowie, Biyan, Butlmton, Burns, Case, Chap- j
man, John B. 'Clark, John Cochrane, Comins, Coining, ;
Covode, Cox, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis [
of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Dick, Dimmick,
Dodd, Florence, Foster, Giddmsrs Gilhs. Gilmer, Gooch, J
Goode, Good win, Groesbeck, J. Moi nson Ilai ns, Hawkins, :
Hoi ton, Howard, Jackson, Jenkms, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones, i
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Knapp, Lamar, Landy, Lovcjoy.Mc- -
Kibbin, Samuel S. Mai^hall, Matteson, Maynard, Million, ,
Morgan, Freeman H. Mor.se, Niblack, Palmer, Parker, Pey- .
ton,'John S. l'helps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pottle, '
Uuitinan,Reagan,Ricaud, Ritclue, Royce, Savage,Shoiter, |
Stallworih, William Stewati, Talbot, Underwood, Wade, ,
Walton, Waul, Eilihu B Waxbi nn«, Tsiael Washburn,
White, Whiteley, Wmslow, and Wood&on—83.
So the amendment was non-concurred in. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said, pending the
call: This act is to take effect after the 4th of
March, is it. not ?
The SPEAKER. It is. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then the pres- .
ent members of Congress would be permitted to
enjoy it during their term: and by law we would ,
deny to our successors the same rights wc are en- i
joying now. Therefore I vote " no. " i
Mr. LETCHER stated that he would have
voted " ay" had he been present when his name (
was called.
Mr. I1URNETT made a similar statement. ,
Tenth amendment:
!?i:c. 12. Jlnd be it farther eitactc-1, That tin1 pp,ntmg of
post*bills, blanks, pnntmg diau*, and warKints, postage
stamps, stamped envelope", and printing pjrcbmjnt- lor
the use Of the Post Olf.ee and othei Executive Depart-
ments, shall, hereaf'te.j*, he Given to the lowest lespousible
bidder, atcer due public notice. :
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur- i
rcnce. . ;
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the several votes by which the various amend-
ments %vere concurred or non-concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARM5T APPROPRIATION BIIX.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. The committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Hous'es
upon the Army bill, have met, and, after full and
free conference, report the following result of
their action:
In the House of Representatives,
June 11, 1858.
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 243) making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending 3Qtii of June, 1859, having met, after a
full and free conference have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their sixteenth, seventeenth, ■
eighteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-fourth, twenty-
seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, thirty-
fourth, thirty-fifth, I'orty-fiflh, forty-sixth, forty-seventh,and
forty-ninth amendments, disagreed to by the House.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to, and
concur m, the lirst, nineteenth, thnty-sixth, thirty-eighth,
fortieth, and forty-third amendments of the Senate.
That the House recede frovn their disagreement to the
third amendment of the Senate, and concur m the same,
with the following amendment: In the fourth line of said
amendment, strike out " forty-five," and insert " twenty-
five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fourth amendment of the Senate, and concur in the same
with the following amendment:
In the tenth line of said amendment, strike out all after
the word " War," to the end of the amendment, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the following: " and at his discretion
in applying to the old or new arms any recent improvement
in the mode of priming."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-second amendment of the Senate, and concur m
the same with the following amendment:
Strike out "fifty," and insert "lorty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-third amendment of the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment:
Stake out " one hundred," and insert "seventy-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment:
Stiike out " one hundred," and inseit " seventy-five."
That the House reccde from their disagreement to the
twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment:
Strike out " one hundred," and insert " seventy-five."
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and coueurm the same
j with the following amendment:
| Strike out "onehundred," and insert "seventy-five."
' That the House rccedc from the thirty-first amendment
of the Senate, and concur in the same with the following
amendment:
Strike out "two hundred," and insert "one hundred
and fifty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment:
Strike out " one hundred and fifty thousand," and insert
"one hunuied and twelve thousand five hundred."
That the House recede from its disagreement to the thir-
ty-seventh amendment of tlie Senate, and concur m the
same with the following amendment:
Strike out " fifty." and insert "thuty."
That the TIoinc lecede from their disagicement to the
forty-second amendment of* the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment:
In the fourth line of said amendment, strike^out the
wouls, " lor printing."
That the Senate lecodc from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the torty-firat amendment of
the Senate, and concur m the same.
' JEKFHtiSON DAVIS,
.TOUN SLIDU1/L,
Managers on tiie part of the Senate.
J. A. (II'ITMAN,
MARTIN J. OltAVVFOKI),
II ST-\NTON,
Managers on the part oj House of Rep'esmtativei;.
If it is the pleasure of the House, I will explain
so many of the amendments as the House may
desire to have explained, and pass over those on
which the House desire no explanation. [Cries
of " Give us all of them !"] I will proceed with
a brief explanation of the amendments as they
; occur.
I The Senate recede from their amendments, as
j follows:
! The sixteenth amendment, which appropriates
I ««,000 to enable the Secretary of War to exam-
! fne and report upon suitable sites for an armory
andfounderyin the West and on the Pacific coast.
The seventeenth amendment, making an appro-
priation to enable the Secretary of War to com-
pensate F. TV*. Lander for services and expenses
m making a leconnoisance for a railroad from
Pui;et Sound to the Mississippi river in 1854-55.
T eighteenth amendment, which appropriates
