1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
Where will the honorable gentleman draw the
line, saying that it is republican to elect them
for that number of years, but anti-republican to
elect for a single year beyond?
But in order to approximate as nearly as pos-
sible to the true meaning of the word republican,
as used m the Constitution of the United States,
let us turn to the constitutions of the respective
States existing at the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, and see what they were;
for the very men who framed that instrument par-
ticipated, to a greater or less extent, in the form-
ation of the State constitutions; and we may very
well suppose that they knew what they meant
when they used the term " republican." Refer-
ring then to the constitution of my own State as
it was at the time of the formation of the Federal
Constitution, I find that a large portion of the cit-
izens of Virginia were not allowed to vote for any
office whatsoever. This was indeed, sir, an odious
feature; yet it will not do to say that this consti-
tution was anti-republican, for it would be to stul-
tify many of the fathers of the Republic who par-
ticipated in the formation of the constitution of
Virginia, and also m the formation of the Federal
Constitution, which contains the guarantee of a
republican form of government to the different
States.
Now, sir, if the constitution of Virginia at that
time was republican, and surely no one will deny
it, you cannot say that another constitution would
be anti-republican merely because itallowed mem-
bers of the Legislature to be elected for life. Cer-
tainly this latter feature in a constitution, per-
mitting, nevertheless, a universality of suffrage,
would not be less republican than a constitution
with members of the Legislature elected for a
shorter term, but leaving one half of her citizens
totally disfranchised and unrepresented. I could
mention other cases stronger even than that of
Virginia; but I will merely call attention to Rhode
Island, Why, sir, though she had for a consti-
tution only an old royal charter, the framers of
the Federal Constitution and the fathers of the
Republic considered it a republican form of gov-
ernment. No one will have the hardihood to deny
this, for it would be to assert that the whole origin
and political history of the Government was a
living lie. Sir, 1 need not animadvert upon the
odious features of the Rhode Island government;
they are well known. A minority governed, and
the majority had no representation in the govern-
ment. And now, sir, if this was, nevertheless, a
republican form of government, which none deny,
can it be urged, with a shadow of plausibility,
that a constitution is not republican, simply be-
cause it clects the members of its Legislature for
life? But, sir, I can afford to waive this argu-
ment—conclusive of the issue, as I think it to be.
Yes, sir, I undertake to ^sert, and to substantiate
the position, that the re*esentativesin the Legis-
lature under the Minnesota constitution are not
elected for life. I will prove it by a reference to
the constitution itself. I read from the twenty-
fourth section of the fourth article:
" The Senators shall also be chosen by single diatrici* of
convenient contiguous tcriitory, at the same tune that the
members of the House nf Repie^ntauves are required to bp
chosen, and in the same manner, and no representative dis-
trict «hail foe divided in the loimation ol a Senate distnct.
The Senate di.-tncts shall benumbeied in regular sv\ic?,
and the Senatoi? chosen by the districts designated by odd
numbers shall go out of office at the exphation of the first
year, and the Senators chosen by the distncts designated by
oven numbers shall go out of office at tho expnation of the
second year; and thereafter the Senators shall be chosen
for the term of two vears, except theie shall bean entire new
election of all the Senators at the election next succeeding
each new apportionment provided for in this aiticJe.*'
Now, sir, inasmuch as by this arrangement of
the election of Senators, half of them are elected
every year, and inasmuch as the same section
provides that the Representatives shall be elected
at the same time with the Senators, it follows, as
a matter of course, that the Representatives are
elected annually. I do not think it necessary to
elaborate this point any further, but if it is neces-
sary to say anything more upon this proposition,
I think I can refer to other sections ot the consti-
tution which will settle the matter heyondall con-
troversy, and which I think must be satisfactory
to the gentleman himself.
Referring back to the section preceding the one
■which I read, I find the following:
" Sec. 23. The Legislature shall provide by law for an
enumeration of the inhabitants oftbis State in the ycai 1865,
and every tenth year thereafter. At their first session alter
each enumeration so made, and also at their first session
after each enumeration made by the authority oftheUnited
States, the Legislature shall have the power to prescribe
the bounds of congressional, senatorial and representative
districts, and to apportion anew the Senators and Repre-
sentatives among the several distncts, accordingjo the pro-
visions of section second of this article."
Then in 1860, the period for taking the next
United States census, at the furthest, it becomes
the duty of the Legislature of Minnesota to make a
different apportionment of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives of their Legislature, and to make their
election accordingly.
But another objection which the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio urges against, the admission of
Mmnesotaunder this constitution is, that that con-
stitution allows unnaturalized foreigners to vote,
which, he alleges, conflicts with the spirit of the
Constitution of the United States, if it does not
conflict with the Constitution itself. Now, sir,
I am very much astonished that the gentleman
should have brought this forward as an objection
to the admission of Minnesota into the Union as
a State. Will the gentleman from Ohio rise in his
place and tell me that the sovereign State of Ohio
cannot, if she pleases, permit unnaturalized for-
eigners to vote for members of her Legislature? I
pause for a reply. The gentleman does not reply,
and I therefore conclude that he is not anxious to
commit himself upon that proposition. I think
the gentleman ought-to commit himself upon that
proposition before he makes that as an objection
to the admission of another State.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Ohio never did
allow unnaturalized foreigners to vote; and never
will.
Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman does not an-
swer the question. He says Ohio Juts not; but he
does not say she cannot, if she sees proper, admit
whom she pleases to vote. In my own State we
do not permit unnaturalized foreigners to vote.
No man is more opposed to that than myself. If
I had been a citizen of Minnesota, or a member
of the convention which framed her constitution,
I should have opposed it to the last. I do not
believe that any unnaturalized foreigner should
be allowed to vote even for a member of the Le-
gislature of the various States; but that is a mat-
ters resting with the individual States themselves.
If the people of Ohio, or the people of Virginia,
choose to permit unnaturalized foreigners to vote,
they may do so. If the people of Minnesota
choose to allow unnaturalized foreigners to vote,
they can do so. And we have no right to urge as
an objection against the admission of Minnesota
under her present constitution, an argument which
we would not apply to our own States.
But the gentleman from Ohio became very hu-
morous in that part of his speech, and compared
the admission of Minnesota to a wedding. He
says he does not like to see our younger sister
playing pranks in this way. He wants to see her
wedded to the Union decently and respectably-
All I have to say in regard to that is this: that if
the gentleman wanted her to be wedded decently
into the Union, he ought to have given her a de-
cent license. I refer to the enabling act for Min-
nesota, which allows unnaturalized foreigners to
vote for members of the constitutional convention.
And I find that the honoiabie gentleman himself
voted for that license. Here, then, is the very
clerk that issued the license under which Minne-
sotais to be wedded, who comes up at the eleventh
hour and makes use of the imperfection of that
license as a reason why she ought to be kept out
of the Union.
I hold in my hand the enabling act under which
the members of the convention wore elected, and
I find the'name of my honorable friend from Ohio
recorded in favor of it. When I interrupted the
gentleman in his speech to ask him if he did not
vote for it, he could not see the application of the
question. I hope he perceives the application of :
it by this time. Indeed, I think before he com-
pleted his speech he began to comprehend its ,
application; for he endeavored to break its force i
and to account for his inconsistency on that point ,
by saying that it was late in the session, and that ;
the bill was put through under the previous ques-
tion. In reply to that, sit, I say that whether it
was put through under the previous question or j
any other way, I am astonished that any gentle- I
man holding a seat on this floor as a Represent- |
ative, would make that excuse for voting for an
act enabling the people of a Territory to form a 1
constitution, and then come up here when the
State, acting under that full power, asks to be ad-
mitted into the Union, and pleads his own wrong
as a reason why she should not be.admitted. Sir,
if the gentleman had any speech to make against
permitting unnaturalized foreigners to yote, he
should have made it then. That was the-time he
should have urged this argument against admit-
ting foreigners to vote. I was not a member of
the House at that time, but I see by the repord
j that if the previous question was seconded on that
occasion, the Republican party is responsible for it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I know that 1, and
a good many others assisting me, tried very hard
to prevent the previous question until we might
amend the bill.
Mr. JENKINS. I have got the vote on or-
dering the main question; and I find that a large
majority of the Republican party was in its fa-
vor. Mr. Speaker, that only shows how gentle-
men will resort to a subterfuge to accomplish their
political purposes. Here is a gentleman who op-
poses a State coming into the Union—although
not a slave State, a Democratic State—with three
Democratic Representatives knocking at the door
of this Hall; and he resorts not only to every sub-
terfuge, on which he can base the flimsiest argu-
ments to oppose her admission into the Union,
but he pleads his own wrong in the case.
I find that the honorable gentlernan from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] a prominent member of
the Republican party, moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the Minnesota enabling
act, and that a large majority of those who voted
for it were members of that party.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman told us m
his speech that he wanted the voice of the people
in all State constitutions. Well, if he has not
got the voice of the people in favor of the Min-
nesota constitution, I do not know when he ever
will hear the voice of the people. It speaks in
tones of thunder with a greater relative majority,
I undertake to say, than v>as ever given in favor
of theadmission heretofore of any other Territory
as a State into the Union.
Sir, the popular voice of Minnesota proclaims
thirty thousand for to about five hundred against.
If that is not the voicc of the people, and a prac-
tical expression of it, I do not know where you
will find it. There was a great fact staring the
gentleman in the face, and how does he try to ob-
viate it? Why, he says there were frauds there.
Where are the proofs before this House, of any
frauds in this case? The gentleman said in his
speech that there were newspaper rumors. Are the
newspaper publications of the day to be used here
as arguments against the admission of asovereign
Statelnto the Union ? If so, sir, acoirupt party,
with a corrupt press, may hereafter keep out
every Territory applying for admission into the
Confederacy. I say, sir, I will hold him and his
party responsible for making, this day and on this
floor, this charge against the people of Minnesota
of having sent here, as their organic law, a con-
stitution which is the work of trickery and fraud.
A final argument which the gentleman adduced
against the admission of Minnesota under her
constitution, was that the people had recently
made an amendment to it, which allowed a loan
of $5,000,000 to some railroad companies; but is
that any business of ours ? With what propriety
can an argument of this sort be brought forward
in this way? If they choose to loan five million,
or ten million dollars, it is their own money, and
not the money of the State of Ohio, or of the State
of Virginia. Sir, it is idle and vain to use such
pretexts as these to cover np a move upon tlse
political chess-board. It will strike every man of
understanding as being absurd and ridiculous in
the extreme, to stand up here and talk about op-
posing the admission of Minnesota into the Union
because an amendment to her constitution author-
izes the government to loan money to railroad
companies.
Mr. Speaker,as I said when I first rose, I had
not the slightest idea of addressing the House
upon this question. The remarks which I have
made have been strictly in answer to the argu-
ments brought forward by the honorable member
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,} and I have made them
only because I thought those arguments were of
such an extraordinary nature tliat they should not
be passed by unnoticed upon this floor.
I have only to say, sir, in conclusion, without
