2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
pVirey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Matteson,
Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Mott, Olin,
Palmer. Parker. John S. Phelps, Pottle, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Roberts, Itoyce. Spmner, Stanton, William Stew-
art, Tappan, Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
ton, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, and John V.
Wrigbt-74.
So the report of the committee of conference
was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HOWARD said: I desire to make a state-
ment in reference to a pair. Some time ago, Mr.
Greenwood paired off with one of my colleagues
to accommodate, him, but reserving to my col-
league the right to vote upon appropriation bills.
Subsequently, my colleague was compelled to
leave; and I agreed to withhold my vote against
any appropriation bills. He was inclined to vote
for them; and if I was inclined to vote against any
of them, I was to withhold my vote. Inclined,
as I am, to vote against this bill, I withhold my
vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, said: I desire to
change ray vote. I desire to say that I do not
like this bill; but as the session is so near its close,
I will vote in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was disagreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Cannot the
House agree to ali the amendments of the Senate,
except the one in controversy, and thus reducc
the contest to that?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. What amend-
ment is that ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Brook-
lyn navy-yard.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. So farasthatis
concerned, I would have voted for the report. 1 ob-
ject to the amendment for the ten sloops-of-war.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object to debate.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House fur-
ther insist upon its disagreement to the Senate
amendments, and ask for another committee of
conference.
Mr. MORGAN. If it is in order, I will with-
draw my motion and move for a new committee
of conference.
Mr. STANTON. It is surely in order for the
House to further insist, and to ask for another
committee of conference. 1 make the motion.
The SPEAKER proceeded to divide the House
upon Mr. Stanton's motion.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do now
' adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I had a proposition before the
House, by unanimous consent, I believe.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
The vote was being taken before the gentleman
from New York rose and moved to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I moved to adjourn before
the report of the committee of conference was
made; and I renewed it before the vote was an-
nounced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York addressed the Chair while the Chair was
putting the question.
41 Mr. MASON. I had the floor by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 have no desire to press the
motion to adjourn against the general sense of
the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I rose for the purpose of
moving an adjournment before the question was
put; but understanding that the gentleman from
New York had made the motion, I refrained from
making it.
Mr. SICKLES'. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. STANTON. The Chair had d ivided the
House, and propounded the question on both
sides, and the gentleman cannot move to adjourn
until the result is announced.
Mr. SICKLES. Before the motion was made
by the gentleman from Ohio, I moved to adjourn,
but the Speaker took his seat because it was im-
possible to put the question in the great disoider
in the House. The motion to adjourn is without
prejudice to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, for that can be acted upon to morrow morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moved to adjourn, but the Chair did not
recognize the motion until the Chair had pro-
pounded the affirmative and negative. The result
was not announced, as a division was called which
suspended the announcement. The Chair sup-
poses now that it is competent for the gentleman,
before the division takes place, to move to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr.- HOUSTON. If this bill is'not acted upon
| finally by the House to-night it will result in keep-
(ing Congress in session for the greater part of
| next week.
] Mr. GROW. The Senate have adjourned.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. True; but if the House can
i agree to this report, the bill will be presented to
1 the House to-morrow morning in a shape to be
j signed, and send it to the President.
| Mr. HOPKINS. I rise to make a motion
j which takes precedence of the motion to adjourn.
1 I move that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
j to meet at nine o'clock to-morrow morning,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think it
1 is of any use to do that, because absent members
1 will not* know it, and we shall not have a quorum.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
! the motion of the gentleman from Virginia will
t not take precedence of the motion to adjourn.
| The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
j Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
made a privileged motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
vote by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was disagreed to be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
that motion, and thinks it takes precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr GROW. Does that cut olf the gentleman
from Ohio from his rights?
The SPEAKER. The reason why the Chair
entertains the motion is, that action upon that
motion may result m not ordering another com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. GROW. But the Chair was dividing the
House upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. That was business not completed. The
motion to reconsider might be entered, but could
not be called up for action until the other motion
is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks otherwise.
Mr. GROW. Then I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
has not the floor for that purpose. I have made
the motion for the purpose of stating what I un-
derstand to be the question now before the House.
There are three amendments in issue between the
two Houses. One is to appropriate $50,000 for
fitting up at the Brooklyn navy-yard; another is
a provision for giving increased compensation to
a few clerks at the navy-yard in this city. These
two amendments were made by the Senate. The
third one is an amendment made by the House
to an amendment of the Senate. The Senate pro-
pose in their amendment to authorize the con-
struction of five sloops of war. The House struck
out " five," and inserted "ten." The Senate, by
this conference leport, propose to recede from
their disagreement to the amendment of the
House. Then I presume there will be no difficulty
with the Senate upon that point.
if, then, the action of this House shall be re-
ported to them to-morrow, all they will have to
do to pass tins bill will be to recede from their
amendment appropriating §50,000 for this Brook-
lyn navy-yard, and their amendment increasing
the salaiies of those clerks; and then to recede,
as they propose to do by this conference report,
from their disagreement to the House amendment
in reference to these sloops-of-wor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Look at the question in is-
sue, Mr. Speaker. Hetc is the main proposition
that has caused the defeat of this bill—the amend-
ment for ten sloops-of-war instead of five—which
received a vote in this House of more than two to
one. And } et because the committcc ofconference
have secured an action on the part of the Senate
by which the Senate agree to that amendment, it
is brought in here, and contributes to the defeat
of the conference report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If my recollection
is right, the ten sloops amendment in the House
was agreed toby a majority of one vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I am mistaken to that
extent. Nevertheless, it was an affirmative vote
of the House, and that vote is now to be used by
gentlemen as means of defeating the conference
report sustaining the action of the House. The
principle is the same. Here is a combination of
elements made to defeat a conference report which
involves, so far as the disagreeing action of the
House is concerned, only $50,000 for the work at
the New York navy-yard. The House itself put
in theamendmentfor the ten sloops-of-war: there-
fore that ought not to be entertained against the
report of the committee of conference. The other
is only used for the purpose of defeating the con-
ference report, and keeping back this bill so that
Congress cannot adjourn at the time fixed.
Mr. BLreS. i desire to correct the gentleman's
statement. He says that the appropriation for
the Brooklyn navy-yard is the reason why we
vote against the conference report. So far as 1 am
concerned, itis not the reason. The reason is the
appropriation for the sloops-of-war.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is precisely what i
object to—that gentlemen should call on the
House to defeat a conference report because the
committee of con ference has not recommended the
House to repudiate its own solemnly-recorded
vote in favor of a proposition; and that, in order
to aid the defeat of this report, other elements are
brought in. The #50,000 appropriation for the
Brooklyn navy-yard is brought in; and gentlemen
oppose the report because of that item, at the very
closing of the session, when they may defeat the
entire Navy bill or be the means of causing Con-
gress to be called back for an extra session. Now,
I say that, in my opinion, this is not the mode
for us to legislate. i do not call upon gentlemen
to yield up their principles in a contest of this
sort.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Are we not
paid for stopping here and doing the business;
and, therefore, will an extra session be any extra
expense to the Government?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a matter of no
earthly importance to gentlemen who propose to
legislate for the benefit of the country. The sense
of the House and of the Senate has been ex-
pressed in favor of an adjournment next Monday,
and it is a matter of no consequence whether we
meet here at our own expense or at the expense
of the Government. But for the information of
my friend from Tennessee, I tell him that we can-
not have an extra session without its costing the
Government more than fifty thousand dollars.
None of this money will go into his pocket or into
mine, but such expense is a necessary incident to
an extra session. The various modes and means
of expenditure will make the cost largely over
fifty thousand dollars, so that the gentleman's
argument is not a tenable one.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the conference ic-
portouy;ht to be adopted, and adopted to-night.
But, with a view to obtain the vote of a fnll
House, I move that the PIou.se do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentl eman will with-
draw that motion. There are two other bills m
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion, and ask for a vote on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. GROW. I move to lay the motion to le-
consider on the table.
Mr, FLORENCE. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I have at-
tained my object, I withdraw tlie motion to recon-
sider.
Mr COBB. I renew the motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question upon that motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. Clay. i ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow me to 
Mr. CURTIS. I insist on the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw that motion so thatl may
move that the House adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw it for thatpurposo.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 make that
motion.
Mr. JONES, of rX 'ennessee. I object.
