868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
than any other troops. They fight by the job;
they fight quick, with a design to end the contest
as soon as possible. There is where my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] the other day
was mistaken in his eulogy on volunteers. Vol-
unteers have never been called into service to gar-
rison posts. You do not want to place them in
barracks to rub up muskets and to perform the
mere duties of the camp. They would not vol-
unteer for any such service; but when war breaks
out, if it must break out, and you want to fight it
to a conclusion, then take volunteers. If, how-
ever, you want peace, I think you had better stick
to the regular troops. When the Mexican war
actually commenced, you took volunteers and sent
them there; and they did good service. When
the Indian war was going on in Florida, you called
for volunteers and sent them there, and they did
good service. They do good service in any actual
existing war; but my opinion is that they will
always do mischief when there is no war, because
they volunteer, as I said before, not to garrison
posts, not to perform camp duty, but to fight, and
if there is nofight on hand, they will be confound-
edly apt to get up one.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the Senator
from Tennessee is willing to accept my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) At this stage of the proceedings, it is
not competent for him to accept a modification of
his amendment. It has already been modified
and can be further modified only by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will accept
it by the general consent of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I have not taken much part in this
discussion. I said a few words when the bill was
first brought up, under the expectation that a vote
would be immediately taken 
Mr.PUGH. With the permission of myfriend,
the Senator from Tennessee, I wish to offer one ]
or two amendments, which I hone will be ac-
cepted by the other Senator from Tennessee, and
after we have perfected the substitute, then, if gen-
tlemen wish to speak to the question at large, it
would be better. If they speak to the question at
large now, and we then go on to perfect the substi-
tute, we shall debate it to the end of time. I will
suggestto the Senatorfrom Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] the same amendment which I suggested to •
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
He requires the President to employ these troops
alone in the Territory of Utah. I do not think
■we have any power, by act of Congress, to limit
liis authority as Commander-in-Chief, and I pro-
pose to the Senator to strike out of the substitute
the provision restricting these troops to service
in Utah.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
again state to the Senator from Ohio that when a
proposition is before the Senate, offered by any
member, it is competent for the mover of it to ac-
cept any modification before it has been amended
by the Senate; but after it has been amended by
the Senate, it is no longer competent for the mover
to accept a modification. The Senator from Ohio
can offer his proposition by way of amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I move, then, as an amendment,
to strike out of the substitute the words " the cit-
izens on," the words " in the Territory of Utah,
and to be employed in said Territory," and to
insert " to the Pacific coast," so that the clause
•will read:
"That tiie President, for the purpose of enfoicin™ the laws
of the United States, and protectingthe routes of emigration
to the Pacific coast, be, and he i.- iicieby. authorized to call
for," &e.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I move, after the word " infan-
try," in the first section, to insert:
" And one regiment of mounted rangers or cavalry."
The substitute now provides only for infantry;
but I understand it is desirable to have one regi-
ment of mounted rangers or cavalry to protect the
frontier ofTexas. I understand the Committee on
Military Affairs, in the House of Representatives,
have come to the conclusion that it is advisable to
station a mounted regiment there—I may be in
error as to that—and let the troops now there be
sent on the expedition to Utah; and I think it
would be a better disposition of the force.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it proposed to add a regi-
ment of cavalry, so as to provide-for four regi-
ments altogether; or is it intended to have two of
infantry and one of cavalry ?
Mr. PUGH. It will make four regiments—
three of infantry and one of cavalry.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the substitute of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] in place of
the original bill.
The substitute, as amended, is as follows:
That the President, for the purpose of enforcing the laws
of the United States and protecting the citizens on the routes
of emigration in the Territory of Utah, and to be employed
in said Territory, be, and he is hereby, authored to call for
and accept the services of any number of volunteers, not
exceeding in all three thousand officers and men, who may
offer their services as infantry to serve for and during the
pending difficulties with the Monnons in said Territory, and
no longer; and that the sum of dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated out ot any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appi opriated, for the purpose of carrying the pro-
visions of this act into effect.
Sec. a Jlndhcit further enacted, That the volunteers so
offering their services shall be accepted by the President in
companies, battalions, or regiments; and that each com-
pany shall consist of the same number of officers and men
as now prescribed by law for the infantry arm of the Army;
and that the companies, battalions, and regiments, shall be
each respectively authorized to elect'their own officers, and
when so elected shall be commissioned by the President of
the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said volunteers,
when mustered into the service, shall be armed and equipped
at the expense of the United States, and, until discharged
therefrom, be subject to the rules and articles of war, and
shall be oigantzed in the same manner and shall receive the
same pay and allowances as the infantry arm of the Army
of the United States.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the .volunteers
who may be received into the service of the United States
by virtue of this act, and who shall be wounded or other-
wise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to all the ben-
efits which may be conferred upon persons wounded or dis-
abled in the service of the United States.
Sec. 5. Jtnd be it further enacted, That the said officers,
musicians, and privates, authorized by this act, shall im-
mediately be disbanded at the termination of the pending
difficulties with the Moimons in the Territory ofUtah,and
in 110 ease'shall the force created by this act continue in ser-
vice moi e than two years.
Mr. BELL. I understand that the original bill
in its present shape, according to the amendments
which have been made to it, provides for the
raising of three regiments of regtilars.
Mr. SIMMONS. Thirty companies.
Mr. BELL. I thought the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] had been
agreed to, providing for three regiments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Virginia has
not yet been offered for the action of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. It will make very little difference
when I submit my remarks, as my only wish is
to put myself right on the whole subject. In the
unpremeditated remarks which I made on a for-
mer day, when I understood that the bill was to be
passed through immediately, on the first or sec-
ond day when it was pending in the Senate, I said
that I thought twenty thousand regular troops
were not too many to be authorized as the nom-
inal military force of the United States. I think
so still. The present organization of the Army
seldom furnishes an effective strength of more
than fifteen thousand rank and file, although nom-
inally the number of troops is eighteen tiiousand,
when all the companies and regiments are full.
If we were to provide a regular military force of
twenty thousand men, I should think it would
not be too great a number for the extent of the
territory and dominions of the United States. I
have not the least fear or alarm of any danger to
which our liberties would be subjected by such
a force. I concur entirely in many of the senti-
ments expressed on that point by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. I also
concur in the sentiment that standing armies may
be justly feared in a republic when enlarged be-
yond that extent which is necessary, and must
always be necessary in 'every country for the
protection of its principal fortifications and fron-
tier defenses on its borders, where it is exposed
to attacks from Powers that may become inim-
ical. In this country it is necessary to have an
army to guard the fortifications on our extensive
Pacific and Atlantic coast, and our double line of
frontiers in the interior, where we are liable to be
assailed by hostile tribes of Indians.
I have no objection on that ground to some in-
crease of the Army; but when I addressed the
Senate on this subject before, I stated that, in the
present circumstances of the country, I thought
there tvas no necessity for an increase of the reg-
ular military force of the United States. When
the bill was first presented, not having examined^,
it thoroughly myself, I supposed that perhaps it
would be proper to make the increase called for
by the Secretary of War, and by the President;
but after hearing the arguments on both sides
of the Chamber, and particularly what was said
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, I came to the conclusion there was no
necessity for this increase now. Our military
force, which in ordinary times, perhaps, ought
not to be rated at more than twelve thousand ef-
fective men, rank and file, may now, owing to the
peculiar circumstances of the times, be properly
rated at fifteen thousand; and from this fact I in- ,
ferred that not only was there an ample regular
force authorized by law, but that there was an ef-
fective force, estimating it by the present strength
of the regiments of the regular Army, to answer
all the exigencies of the time in relation to what
is called the Mormon war. So believing, I stated
that in my view the proposed increase could prop-
erly be deferred until a subsequent period, when
we could consider it with more deliberation, and
when the finances of the country would be in a
better condition to justify an expenditure for this
purpose. I made up my mind on this ground to
vote against this bill for an increase of the Army.
It has been urged that the increase is neces-
sary to be made for the prosecution of the Mor-
mon war, as it is called. I have heard nothing
yet to satisfy me that the three regiments pro-
posed to be raised by the Senator from Virginia
can be available to answer the purposes of the
prosecution of that war, if war there be, within
the time when it will be necessary for the troops
under Colonel Johnston to move upon the Mor-
mons. I do not believe they can be raised and
organized in due time for that purpose.
What, then, is the exigency, or the pressure
of the circumstances, under which we are asked
to vote this increase now? I hare great respect
for the views of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia; and I trust that whatever passages we may
sometimes have, he will always understand me
as entertaining the greatest respect for his views
and opinions, tie thinks there is an exigency at
the present moment for raising three regiments;
but can they be organized in time to answer the
purposes of that exigency, even if it exists? The
force now employed against the Mormons cannot
wait for the organization of these three regiments.
Then, again, look at the expense attending the
recruiting of three regiments; the time that will
be lost; the extra expense that will be incurred
by moving them from various points in the At-
lantic States and concentrating them on the fron-
tier, so as to send them to the relief of Colonel
Johnston, and then, probably, they will fail in
effecting a union with hircu Will the great ex-
! pense that will be incurred lie justified by the util-
ityof raising these regiments, seeing that they are
' likely to fail to be an effective force, in addition
to that now employed against the Mormons? Be-
sides, they are only to be emplo5'edfor two years,
which 1 understand is the condition upon which
my honorable friend (if he will allow me to call
him so) from Virginia proposes that they shall
belong to the regular Army.
Under these circumstances, would it not be bet-
ter to pass no bill at all, either for volunteers or
regular forces, than to adopt this measure at this
time, when it will involve great expense, and
when it will probably fail altogether to answer
the present exigencies? And besides, the force ia
to be disbanded in two years. I have no idea that
the Senator from Virginia means to take this step
with a view to increase the Army permanently.
His proposition is to add three regiments to the
Army for two years. If any Senator thinks it is
important to increase the Army permanently to
this extent, it is of course parliamentary for him
to take the first .step by getting it now for two
years, with a view on his part to make it perma-
nent at the end of two years. I make no such
; insinuation in regard to the Senator from Vir-
] ginia; but for myself, I hardly think I should ob-
, ject at that time to making this permanent addi-
i tion to the Army. I understand that the recruit-
| ing service is more successful now than is apt to
! be the case in times of prosperity, when every
