1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
thousand, exactly one third that of Texas, the
same number, or even more, five votes—one more
than TfiXfts
Mr. WASHBTTRNE, of Illinois. Republican
votes, too.
Mr, GARNETT. I have very little doubt of
it; I fear she will follow the Republican States
around her, and be carried into the same current
of madness; and were this a fair consideration to
guide us, I would'beg my friends upon this side
of the House not to pursue a course so perfectly
suicidal.
But, sir, as I said before, I am not considering
that. 1 consider only the question of justice.
Three Representatives for one hundred and fifty
thousand inhabitants give one to every fifty thou-
sand; and two Representatives give one to every
seventy-five thousand. I ask gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to divide the population
of the United States by the number of Represent-
atives upon this floor, and they will find that the
ratio is probably about one to one hundred and
thirty thousand or one hundred and forty thou-
sand. Why should fifty thousand men in Min-
nesota exercise as much power here as one hun-
dred and forty thousand men in New York, Olno,
or any other State ? The district of my colleague
[Mr. Jenkins] and my own contain a population
over two hundred thousand, and their vote is to
be balanced, or even overpowered and controlled
on this floor by only one hundred and fifty thou-
sand men in Minnesota. Why should we Vir-
ginians—men whose forefathers, generation after
generation, spent their blood and their treasure,
and have exercised every power of their minds,
for the growth of this Confederacy—be placed in
a condition of inequality, and be outvoted and
controlled by the host of Europeans and the tribes
of Indians and mixed bloods who are so numerous
in Minnesota? It is neither equal nor honorable
to us; not honorable to the State of Virginia; not
honorable to the State of New York, Ohio, orany
' other State of this Union.
Mr. JENKINS. I understood the gentleman
to say that my district had a population of two
hundred thousand.
Mr. GARNETT. No, sir; but that your dis-
trict and mine had together over two hundred
thousand, and that we have but two Representa-
tives upon this floor; while the gentleman from
Georgia proposes to give Minnesota, with a pop-
ulation of one hundred and fifty thousand, tlnee
votes, and the Senate bill two votes.
Mr. JENKINS. Why not take the statement
of the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Kings-
bury] as to the amount of population ?
Mr. GARNETT. Throughout all this Kan-
sas controversy, whose echoes are scarcely yet
silent in this Hall, it was contended that the Le-
compton constitution was the act of the people of
Kansas, because we, as legislators, could know
nothing except through the forms of law. Sir, I
have no knowledge of the population of Minne-
sota, and 1 can have none for legislative purposes,
except through a census conducted according to
law.
If I should take the conjectures of the honorable
gentleman from Minnesota, and of other honorable
gentlemen, where should I stop ' One gentleman
might tell me that Minnesota has a million in-
habitants. It is conjecture only. I might say
that my conjecture is that they have only ten thou-
sand. Will gentlemen take that conjecture ? One
is entitled to as much weight as the other. We
stand upon the law, and upon the forms of law,
and upon information furnished us by legal pro-
ceedings, and we cannot go behind it. I have no
reason to doubt that the census was substantially
correct. I have heard a great deal about the in-
correctness of censuses. I heard that, in the last
census, the population of the city of Richmond
was greatly underrated, and a delegation was sent
to Washington to induce the Secretary of the In-
terior to have another census taken. Itwasdone;
and it turned out that the first census was only a
fewhundred shortof the last one. In a vast Ter-
ritory like Minnesota, where the population is
scattered, no one individual can have the proper
data for forming a correct judgment. In such
cases, when we find that our conjectures as to
the amount of population are disappointed, our
first impulse is to question the correctness of the
census.
Will my colleague expect me to take such a
declarations® this of the DelegatefromMinnesota,
[Mr. Kingsbury ?]
" Iii order to accomplish this result, [the taking of a cen-
sus,] the marshal has from time to time inclosed such re-
turns, as he finds properly made out, to the Secretary of
the Interior. And I find that within the last few days a
final report lias been forwarded embracing1 nearly all the
State, together with a clear and succinct statement of the
difficulties attendant upon the taking of this census, giving
something over one hundred and fifty thousand people—
exclusive of mixed bloods and Indians who have adopted
the habits and customs of civilization—in the limits of the
proposed State."
He goes on to say:—
" With these few facts to predicate an opinion upon, my
own eonvictionsare, that the State possesses- sufficient pop-
ulation, in addition to what has been returned, to moreihan
entitle us to two members—if, indeed, we have not enough
to warrant the admission of three, in view of the heavy ac-
cessions, by emigration, constantly pouung in through the
various channels leading toward our Slate, since the taking
of the census began."
It is such vague assertions as these that my
colleague and the Committee on Territories pro-
; pose to take, instead of the facts returned by the
census taken under the law.
; Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is not the recom-
S mendation of the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GARNETT. I am glad to hear it. I should
have said, proposed by the chairman of that com-
mittee. The gentleman from Minnesota goes on
to argue that, because there were thirty thousand
voters, therefore there must be a great population.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take very
considerable interest in this matter, and I desire
to get at the facts. An estimate of the population
has been made from the number of votes cast m
the Territory. There has recently been an elec-
tion held in that Territory; and, if we are to take
that as a basis, I would like to ask the Delegate
from Minnesota how many votes were cast in the
recent election upon the adoption of the proposed
amendment to the constitution ?
Mr. KINGSBURY. I am not able to inform
the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Last year
there were some twenty thousand. In the city
of St. Paul there were some four thousand two
hundred votes cast. Perhaps some gentleman can
tell me the amount of population in that city. In
Winona there were some one thousand one hun-
dred and eighty-one votes cast. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Minnesota can tell the population of
Winona?
Mr. KINGSBURY. I do not know much
about Winona, or its population; but the popula-
tion of St. Paul is about sixteen thousand.
Mr. GARNETT. Here is the actual census of
{he Territory showing the population to be one
hundred and thirty-three thousand eight hundred
and sixty-nine; but since this report, I am told
that other returns have come in and earned the
number up to one hundred and fifty thousand three
hundred and sixty, the utmost amount that can
be figured up for that population by the official
returns.
According to the facts, in the city of St. Paul,
asbroughtout by the gentleman from Illinois, the
proportion of the population to the voters is not
quite four to one. I believe the gentleman from
Georgia estimates the usual proportion elsewhere
as six to one. Therefore, if the voters were only
[ twenty thousand, as i understand they were in the
< State elections, the population will be estimated
; at between eighty thousand and one hundred
i and twenty thousand, either number being under
J what I have assumed in my aigument from the
! census returns. If the voters are thirty thousand,
I then the whole population would be between one
! hundred and twenty thousand and one hundred
! and eighty thousand.
' Mr.' KINGSBURY. The highest estimate of
voters is forty thousand.
Mr. GARNETT. The official returns in the
Senate report show thirty thousand and fifty-five
in favor of the constitution, and five hundred and
seventy-one against it.
Mr. KINGSBURY. There were thirty-seven
thousand and seventy-one votes counted for mem-
bers of Congress.
j^Ir. GARNETT. It really seems that we arc
in the land of contiadictions when we come to
Minnesota. We have so many different state-
ments as to the vote, that it appears these Min-
nesota voters were more like FalstafT's men m
buckram than any other army whose muster-rolls
are in history.
Mr. KINGSBURY. The counties that I rep-
resent were not counted on the vote for the con-
stitution.
Mr. GARNETT. Yes, Mr. Speaker, and the
emigrants who arrived in the country since the
vote was taken did not get there in time to be
counted; and yet we have heard arguments in the
other wing of the Capitol, that such emigrants
ought to be counted in the estimate of the popu-
lation. In any new State, especially where there
are foreign emigrants, you will find that the adult
male population does notbear the usual proportion
to the whole population, because the emigration
consists of adult males in much larger proportion
than a long-settled population shows; and the con-
sequence is, that four orfiveto one is a high pro-
portion. If you take five to one, and assume thirty
j thousand, the number of votes cast on the constitu -
| tion, as the basis, then the whole population will
! be one hundred and fifty thousand, exactly what
| the census shows; one resultconfirming the other,
j Even the largest calculation of six to one upon
I thirty-seven thousand votes will give a popula-
tion of only two hundred and twenty-two thou-
i sand, while it takes two hundred and eighty thou-
sand to entitle a State to the three Representatives.
So that according to no showing whatever—even
the most extravagant and loosest—can it be pre-
tended that Minnesota is entitled to three Repre-
sentatives on this floor, unless there be something
in her constitution, or the character of her pop-
ulation, to entitle her to greater control in the
politics of the country than the citizens of Vir-
ginia, of Connecticut, of New York, or uf South
Carolina.
Mr. CURTIS. The ratio of the population in
the State of Iowa, where I think the population
is of the same character as Minnesota, is about
one to six. We have over six hundred thousand
inhabitants; and we never cast more than one hun-
dred thousand votes, so that the population would
be about six to one. I think that is about the
average.
Mr. GARNETT. Iowa is an older State, and
has been longer settled, and is not a fair test of
the population of a new Tenitory which has set-
tled with great rapidity; but even if that propor-
tion held good in Minnesota, I have just shown
that even then she is not entitled to the number
of Representatives proposed, and I hold that, as
regards new States, we ought to confine ourselves
strictly to the ratio.
The gentleman from Minnesota says in his ar-
gument that Minnesota has four thousand votes
more than Iowa cast when she had two members,
and seven thousand more than Arkansas when
she had two members. Let me Cell the gentleman
that Iowa and Arkansas were both admitted ori-
ginally with only one member each, the number
which I propose by my amendment to give to
Minnesota.
The gentleman says that Congress should ad-
mit Minnesota because she has complied with her
contract. I answer that she has not complied with
her contract. She has not followed the enabling
act. She has not followed her own territorial in-
terpretation of that enabling act; but she comes to
us m contempt of all law and order. I do not
admit that where a Territory forms a govern-
ment without an enabling act, or without com-
plying with the enabling act, and where Congress
does not recognize the application, that she is a
State out of the Union. If we reject the applica-
tion of Minnesota, she remains exactly what she
was before, a Territory of the United States, sub-
ject to the legislative authority of Congress, to
be exercised m pursuance of the terms, trusts, and
limitations of the Constitution of United States.
In the name of my State, in the name of the good
old district Irepresent, the firstspot where Anglo-
Saxon footsteps ever trod on American soil—the
last spot consecrated by the crowning victory of
the Revolution—the birth-place of its hero and
leader—the ancient town and capital whence Vir-
ginia sent forth her laws and colonists to conquer
and to occupy this very northwestern country; 1
say, sir, in the name of that old district, illustrious
with so many glories. I protest against the peo-
ple of Minnesota,whether native, foreign, Indian,
or mixed, being allowed twice the power and in-
fluence that are given to my people in this Gov-
ernment. I hone you will adopt my amendment
or reject the bill.
Mr. GROW. I have but a word to say on this
