1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2979
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules •
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to sus-
pend the rules pending.
Mr. J, GLANCY JONES. If we adjourn now
we need not put ourselves to the trouble of meet-
ing at an early hour in the morning. It cannot
make any very great difference, as the session
will have to be extended.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
will get through with this business to-night. We
will have the loan bill up to-morrow.
Mr. CURTIS. I will modify my motion by
moving that the House adjourn until ten o'clock
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. GROW. I hope we shall not waste time
in talking on these motions.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, I withdraw it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not withdrawn my mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman certainly
withdrew it and took his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Iowa to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir; I did not.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair stands cor-
rected.
Mr. TALBOT demanded tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
T-llers were ordered; and Messrs. Abbott find
Talbot weru appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported,
ayes 45, noes 83.
So the House refused to.adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Geow's mo-
tion to lay upon the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee of conference was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD I wish to make an in-
quiry as to the effect of this vote. If we should
lay the motion to rcconsider upon the table, would j
it then bo in order to move for a new committee
of conference5 !
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks itwooM. ■
Mr. RUSSELL demanded teileison Mi'.Gro w's
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Deast and
Burnett were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 66.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the ,
main question ordered. i
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays ;
on the motion to teconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordeied. :
The House divided; and there were—ayes 68*
noes 61. :
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to. !
The question then recurred on the adoption of |
the conference report ? !
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays. ;
The yeas and nays were oidered. ' j
The question was taken; and it was decided in j
the negative—ayes 64, nays 71; as follows: j
YEAS—-Me^rs. Ab!, Andrew?, Aveiv, Baik?dale, Bo-
cock. l'owie, Bou'P, Bi> an, Btnhnsame. Cavanauyh, Chap-
man, John 13. Clark, (-lay, John CoehiatH\ Coming Cox.
thawibrd, Cmiv, Davi- ot Indiana, Davn of Mi-si^ippi,
DunimUt. Dowdcll, Floiencc, Foley. Foster, Giihs, Gioes-
berk. Hopkins. Houston, Iluyler. Jackson, J. GUncy Jones,
Ovveri Jones, Kritt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kmikel, Lamar,
Landy. Maclay, MitNon, Niblaek, Pendleton. Peyton, Y\ il-
Iiatn W. Phelps, Pik", atmman, Rpiily, llntfin, Rn^ell,
Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Henry M. Shaw, tickles. Stall-
worth, Stevenson, James A Stewart, Talbot, Geoisc Tay-
lor, Miles Tayloi, Ward, Winieley, Win-slow, and Worten-
dJNAYS—Mcspis. Abbott, Atkm?. Benneit, Bilhnghuist,
Bingham, Bl'ss Brayton, Bufiinton, Case, Chaffee, Hoiace
F Claik Clawson, Clemens;, Cobb, Clark B- Coehiane,
Colfax, Covodc, Ctajiin, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Iowa Dawes*, Dean. Pmiee. Edie, Fenton. Gooch, Good-
win Gr'aiver. Giow. J. Worn^on, Hams, Hoaid, Horton,
Kfll'o Knapp.John C. fvunkel. Leiter, Letcher, Lovojov.
Ilumphrcv Mar-hall, Samuel S. Marshal!. j\Ia«on, Matte-
vson Vlavnard, Moiaan, Mouiil, Edwaid Joy Mom*, Mott,
Olm. Palmei, Paik'-r, John S. Vlie'ps, Potter, Pottle Pow-
ell, Rteand, ttitehie, Robbing Roberts, Rojco. &ayage.
Spinner, Stanton, Tompkins, Trippe, Undeiwood, Wade,
Waldron, HHihu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, and
John V. Wright—71. '
So the report was rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. BAjham.
Mr. KEITT. I am satisfied that the session
must go into next week. I have been trying to
avoid it as long as I could. I move that the House
adjourn.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 62,
noes 68.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CROW. What objection can there be to
the appointment of another committee of confer-
ence ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I object to the gentleman de-
bating the question out of order.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Owen Jones
and Dean were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
T'^e question recurring upon the motion that
anotaer committee of conference be appointed, it
was put, and agreed to; and Mr. Winslow, Mr.
Groesbeck, and Mr. Washburne of Illinois,
were appointed as such committee on the. part of
the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. Morgan, (at one
o'clock, a. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 12,1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
Mr. HUNTER It is so near the end of the
session that I will make a motion which, I be-
lieve, I never made before, to dispense with the
reading of the Journal.
The'VICE PrtESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to dispense with the reading of the
Journal. The Chair hears no objection,
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allcn, its Clerk, announced that the
House agreed to some, and disagreed to other
ani"ndin«'nts of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
55(j) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department dunng the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1859.
Th<: Senate proceeded to consider its first, sec-
ond, third, eighth, and ninth amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 55G) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859,
which had been disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and, on motion of Mr. Hunter,
the Senate insisted on these amendments, and
asked for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
Mr. Gtwin, Mr. Crittenden, and Mr. John-
son of Arkansas, were appointed conferees on the
part of the Semite.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted on its disagreement to
I certain amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 55G) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fis-
cal year ending the 30th of June, 1859;,and had
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
' and had appointed Mr. H. C. Burnett, Mr. C.
| C. Billinghurst, and Mr. E. Corning, mana-
gers of the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the Speaker had signed an en-
rolled bill (LI. R. No. 200) makingappropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859, and it was
signed by the Vice President.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
of Repiesentatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 243)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that, in order to get
those bills enrolled, which are almost finished,
we allow the committees of conference on the
Army bill and supplemental Indian bill to report.
Mr. MALLORY. I object; because we ad-
journed last night with the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the naval bill before the Sen-
ate, unacted upon for the wantof a quorum, and,
in my judgment, we ought not to act on any other
conference report until that is disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. We know—the message will
be here in ten minutes, notifying us—that the
House of Representatives has rejected the report
of the committee of conference on the naval hill.
Why should we consume time on that, for no
useful purpose? We want to get those bills to
the President.
Mr. DAVIS. Tbe House of Representatives
have concurred in the report of the committee of
conference on the Army bill, and I suppose it is
only necessary for us to concur in the message of
the House.
Mr. HUNTER. No,sir; we have to acton the
report. It is an entire thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
1o receiving the conference report on the Army
bill?
Mr. STUART. I shall object to any consid-
eration of the conference report on the naval bill
until the bill is here, and I should have done so
last night if I had known then that the bill was
not here. We see now the importance of pro-
ceeding accoiding to rules. The House of Rep-
resentatives? voted down that report last night.
We have not the bill here to act on.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Michi-
gan speaks as much without his host now as last
night. The naval bill was here when the report
was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call the attention of Senators to the fact that the
question is on receiving the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the Army bill. Is there ob-
jection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the report.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate by general con-
sent may take a vote on it as a whole, as it has
been concurred in by the House.
Mr. ALLEN. It had better be read. We
ought to know what it is.
The Secretaiy read the report, as follows: \
The committee of confidence on the disagreeing' votes of \
the two House*, on the hill (H. R. No. 243) making appro- \
pnations for the «upport of the Army for the year ending the li
30th of June, 1809, have met, and. after a tuil and fiee con- A
ference, have agreed to recommend to their le^pecuve ^
Houses as toliowc:
Tuat the Senate recede from their sixteenth, seventeenth,
eighteenth, twentieth, tweniy-fiisi, tweuty-fomtb, twenty-
seventh. tweutv eighth, twenty-ninth, thiriy-sccond, thirty-
fourth, thirty-ii'"tii, lorty fifth, forty-sivth, forty seventh,
forty-eighth, and torty-mnth amendments disagreed to by
th*  House.
That the House iecede from their disagreement to, and
coneui in, the fust, nineteenth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth,
fortieth, and forty-third amendments of the Senate.
That the Hou e recede from their disagieement to the
third amendment of the Senate, and concur in the same wuh
the following amendment: in the fourth line of said amend-
ment ^tuke out " foity-tive," and insert " twenty-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fourth amendment of the Senate, and concur m the same,
with the following amendment: m line ten of-*aul amend-
ment of the Senate strike out all after the word War" to
the end of the amendment, and insert, in heu thereof, the
following: u and at his discretion m applying to the old or
new arms any lecent impiovcment m the mode of priming "
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twentv-second amendment of the Senate, and concur in
the same with the loilowingamendment; strike out "lilty,"
and insert " forty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-third amendment ol the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment: strike out " one hun-
dred," and insert " seventy-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty fifth amendment of the Senate, and eoncui m the
same with the following amendment: strike out " onchun-
died," and insert " seventy-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and concur in the
same with the following amendment: strike out« one hun-
dred," and insert k  seventy-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and concur m the same
with the following amendment: strikeout " one hundred,"
and insert u seventy-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
thirty-first amendment of the Senate, and concur in the
