1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
branch of business is active and flourishing. If
■we had a regular Army with twenty thousand as
the authorized maximum number, 1 do not think
that in ordinary times of prosperity and peace, (or
I will say prosperity, whether there were peace
or not,) it would furnish us an effective force of
more than fifteen thousand of rank and file. That
is my judgment, from my observation and con-
sideration of the subject. If the Senate should
now adopt this proposition to add three regiments
to the Army as a temporary meas-ure, I do not
know butthat I should rather be disposed to make
it permanent if the finances of the country justi-
fied it, particularly if there be a military neces-
sity for such an accession of force.
The whole question now presented to us is
whether we shall provide for raising volunteers
or regulars. If the service is to be a temporary
one; if it is the Mormon war that creates the
necessity for an increased force, would it not be
cheaper and better, unless you mean to add to the
permanent military force of the country, to take
volunteer regiments from the borders of the west-
ern States, or from California? Would they not
be a cheaper and better resort than to attempt the
raising of three regiments of regulars? They can
be more readily raised and organized; and in
times like these particularly, you will soon have
them swarming to your standard on the frontier,
and in the interior too. You will have volunteers
flocking to your standard from my own State of
Tennessee, sometimes called, I believe, emphat-
ically, the volunteer State; and I think she is en-
titled to that sobriquet. So it is with Kentucky,
standing alongside of us. I think the most con-
venient and ready organization would be obtained
on the western frontiers of Iowa, Missouri, and
Arkansas, and perhaps above all in California.
The objection is made, however, that the vol-
unteer forces are not subject to regular discipline,
and that they might create mischief in an invasion
of the Mormons, or that they might not be suf-
ficiently under control to enable us to avail our-
selves of the disposition of the Mormons to sub-
mit to the regular authority of the Government,
if there should be such a disposition on their
part. It is said that the use of volunteers might
lead to thwarting the Government in a sound and
humane policy in reference to the Mormons. In
answer to that, I say that if you send out volun-
teers, there will be nearly or quite as large a force
of the regular Army, commanded by veteran and
experienced officers; and it seems to me they
would have it in their power to restrain any of
those excesses to which volunteer lorces, sud-
denly raised, without time lor discipline or learn-
ing the habits of war and obedience to superior
officers that regular forces have, might be inclined.
I do not want to talk about the militia of the
country being a proper resort in any war with
disciplined veteran forccs. The history of the
country furnishes the proper conclusion in regard
to all questions of that sort. But m the outset
of every war we know that we have to depend
mainly on the militia. They must be our mam
dependence in the first instance. Even if we were
engaged in a war with Great Britain, we could not
suddenly recruit a force sufficient to encounter the
legions whom we should have to meet. We must
depend on the volunteer spirit, in the outset par-
ticularly; but when we come into competition in
regular warfare, under distinguished militai y lead-
era, we know that nothing will be so efficient to
encounter them as veteran disciplined forces on the
other side. But still this is no disparagement to
volunteers. We must depend upon volunteers.
In the last war with Great Britain we know how
it was. I need not go into an explanation of that.
My friend from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] it he
will allow me to call him so, made some very
hard hits at the volunteer system, and he thought
volunteers should never be resorted to when we
could get any other force for purposes of war, de-
fensive or offensive. I understood him finally,
however, to withdraw any declaration which he
made as to the want of gallantry in the volunteers
of any State.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from len-
nessee allow' me to say a word in explanation ?
Mr. BELL. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator says I withdrew
the imputations. I did not withdraw them,
simply disclaimed having made any.
Mr. BELL. It * mounts to the same thing.
Mr. IVERSON. I made no imputation on the
courage of the volunteers of Tennessee. I have
been charged, in a piper of this city, with having
made an apology. I made no apology. I made
a disclaimer.
Mr. BELL. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator to disclaim the design to make any such im-
putation ; and with the estimate I have of his good
sense and judgment, I could not, from anything
that he said, draw the conclusion that he really
felt any disposition to disparage the volunteers of
Tennessee, or any other State. He spoke, how-
ever, of the rapid retreat of a volunteer regiment
at the battle of Cerro fi-ordo. I thought that was
the most disparaging remark which he used, and
he made use of another expression which I shall
not mention in the Senate, but will call to his at-
tention privately.
As I understand the orders of General Scott,
and the programme of the battle of Cerro Gordo,
the force to which the Senator from Georgia al-
luded was sent to the position of which he spoke
to hold in check a formidable line of defense of
the Mexicans. It was the route which our Army
would naturally have taken to turn the flank of
the Mexican position on our left. The Mexicans
had a considerable wall built up of stone, wood,
and logs, with an immense battery, and a formi-
dable force m the rear in order to defend it effect-
ively. General Scott's policy was to send a suf-
ficient force to keep in check the men who were
stationed in the rear of that battery, and to pre-
vent them from being added to the force which
he expected to encounter in other positions under
the command of Santa Anna. Every one under-
stands that that battle was concluded in an effect-
ive and successful manner, by making a detour
that was not expected by the enemy, and taking
them by the flank. The Tennessee volunteers
were sent forward for the purpose of holding in
check the forces of Santa Anna behind the line
of defense of which I have spoken, so as to show
them the necessity of maintaining their position,
and not changing it in any event that might occur.
As gallant a man as ever lived led that regiment—
General William B. Campbell of Tennessee. No-
body, who has ever heard of his character or who
has ever known him, will doubt his courage. He
was the man who led the charge against the black
battery of Monterey in an open plain, when his
men were armed only with muskets and bayonets,
under a well-directed fire of a well-managed Mex-
ican battery, for several hundred yards where there
was not a tree or a shrub to protect them. His
column marched on, though mowed down as it
proceeded. He went on in company with Gen-
eral Anderson. Colonel Campbell was the leader,
riding m front of them, and telling them: " Boys,
this is the fate of war when your comrades fall
U11SS IS mr: j  
by your side; march on, and show yourselves to
be Tennesseeans." They marched up under a
discharge of grape and ball that was sweeping
down their comrades and dear friends by their
81 That was the sort of men who commanded one
of tfiose regiments at the place alluded to by the
Senator from Georgia. Colonel Haskell was the
commander of the regiment who took the imtia?
tive in marching up in front of such a battely as i
have described without a single cannon—not even
a four-pounder—to storm the most formidable bat-
tery that Santa Anna had provided tor the check
of General Scott's advance. I do not know who
gave that order, but according to my present rec-
ollection, when the attempt was made to make
this advance at a distance of three or four hundred
yards, our troops were subjected to the sweep of
the direct and cross-fire of all the Mexican guns
mounted in that long line of defense. It is a won-
der that any of them escaped. Can that be said,
to be a manifestation of any unusual timidity ? It
was impossible for men to reach the wall they
were to storm with muskets and bayonets alone,
without, I believe, even a single fascine to protect
them. s
I have said this much in explanation and defense
of those gallant gentlemen—as gallant as ever were
created—the late Governor Campbell himself lead-
in" the regiment. Where the fault was for mak-
ing such a charge I do not pretend to say, or make
any controversy about.
As to the efficiency of volunteers, I do not care
to go over the grounds which were stated by my
colleague the other day when the subject was un-
der consideration.^ The views presented by him
do not require any addition from me. I remem-
ber the battle of New Orleans, though I was but
a youth at the time. New Orleans would have
been taken, and sacked and burned, or laid, under
contribution, but for the volunteers who were sad- ,
denly raised', in Tennessee and Kentucky, and
descended the river in a few weeks from, the time
the call was made. I have not had time to look
into the history of the battle of New Orleans; but
I believe there was not more than a regiment and
a half or two regiments of regulars engaged on
that occasion. They were undoubtedly very use-
ful and essential in directing the artillery; but the
main body of the force was rapidly assembled
without any means of discipline except what they
got descending the Mississippi river on the flat-
boats. The efficiency of Tennessee volunteers
was displayed on that occasion. I believe that,.
in the celebrated battle of the 23d of December,
1814, there was not a single company of regulars;
and perhaps the British received on that occasion
their most important check.
I shall not, however, go into that subject now.
I only mean to say, and I wish to say it distinctly,
that £ think we ought to defer any increase of
the Army at this time, on account of the peculiar
circumstances in which the country is placed, and
the embarrassed condition of its finances.^ It may
be proper enough to authorize the President to
accept the services of a volunteer regiment or two,
or even three regiments, if, contrary to our ex-
pectations, there should arise an exigency demand-
ing it, so that the country may not be without
an adequate defense; but beyond this I cannot
consent to go at this time. If the Mormon war,
as it is called, should create any real difficulty,
that might be proper. I wish, however, at the
same time, to have it distinctly understood that,
under other circumstances, if the finances of the
country and the condition of our people were dif-
ferent, I would not object to apermanent increase
of the Arrity to the extent proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia. Having had at one
time some reason to inquire into the military
necessities of the Government, my opinion is that
twenty thousand regular troops would not exceed
what we ought to have, because we do not know
what year, what half year, what month, we may
not be involved in a foreign war that might call for
some more effective force than we have.
Now f desire to say a word or two with regard
to the Mormon difficulties. I notice that some
of my friends with whom I have had communi-
cation, have supposed that I entertained very dif-
ferent ideas on this subject from those which I
really possess. I think the policy of this Govern-
ment in relation to the Mormons has been wholly
erroneous and mistaken—the most unfortunate
and impolitic that could have been adopted,
lamentable that it should have been pursued. I
do not wish to boast of any sagacity of my own,
for I desire above all things not to be considered
egotistical; but m 1850, when the compromise,
measures were proposed and adopted, it became
us to consider what should be done in regard to
Utah, not only for the purpose of answering the
then existing exigency, but as to what might be
the consequences in the future. I said then, as i
say now, that that people ought not to have a sep-
arate organized Government of their own under
our authoiity. My propositions, made in IBjU
on that subject, are on record. I stated then that
I regarded these people as fanatics, standing in
pretty much the same character in which I regal a
the Abolitionists of the North. I do not see ia.
great deal of difference m principle between them,
tnd I would no more vote to confer on them t..e
powers of separate government than I would vote
to organize an assembly of Abolitionists as a Ter-
ritory, finally to become a State of the Union.
My opinion was, that being led away by a reli-
gious imposture which was extremely fanatical,
tnd one of the most pVeposterous that had arisen
m modern times, if wo would let them alone, di-
visions would arise amongst them, they would
be dispersed in different detachments, and offer no
formidable resistance to this Government. I said
then, however, that if you placed them in a ier-
ritory and gave them a separate organized Gov-
eminent, the chances were that we should either
have to exterminate them or drive them out ot
the limits of the Union. Upon that ground I voted
against that one of the compromise measures ot
