870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
1850, and, I believe, the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Pearce] voted against it,too, on
■what grounds I do not know, but I suppose on
the same ground which actuated me. Our course
then "Was thought very strange, but I think sub-
sequent events have shown its correctness.
Again: I think it was a capital error ever to have
appointed Brigham Young Governor of the Ter-
ritory, though it is probable I voted for his con-
firmation. It was contrary to my original ideas
and views in regard to the proper treatment of that
people, to give them a separate government, and
then appoint their own leaders officers of the Ter-
ritory, particularly the Governor. This was well
calculated to inspire them with the ambition of
building up a great community there. Even per-
sons who were not fanatics would be inspired,
under such circumstanccs, with such a desire to
obtain power. It was a dangerous policy, which
ought not to have been adopted.
Next, let me inquire what has the legislation of
this country inculcated for the past four years ? I
have seen it unequivocally and boldly announced,
even in the Charleston Mercury, that, under the
principles recognized by the Congress df the Uni-
ted States, the Mormons had as much right to
form a constitution, and demand admission into
the Union, as the people of any other Territory.
What Congress has done has not been hidden
under a bushel. These are not smothered lights.
They are circulated among the Mormons. Some
of them are exceedingly learned and able men.
They are perfectly aware of the principles which
have been inculcated in this country,if they have
not been actually established, which give them the
power to control their own domestic institutions;
and they have been led to understand that, what-
ever prejudice might existagamst them, Congress
had no right to undertake to prescribe their do-
mestic institutions or their religion. Why, sir,
the attempt of the American party to proscribe
freedom of opinion in matters of religion, as it
was said they did, was proclaimed throughout the
country to be inconsistent and incompatible with
the maintenance of free government. Do you sup-
pose these sentiments and doctrines have not gone
forth? I do not speak this with any reference to
party. I do not know that the American party,
who were charged with having sustained such a
sentiment, ever did entertain such a principle. At
any rate, if they did once entertain it, they have
abandoned it under the more enlightened and more
deliberate counsels of those who have succeeded
the persons who organized that party originally.
I do not feel warranted in stating anything on
this point; but I can easily see how the Mormons
might have been misled. Their leaders are not
ignorant, but the masses are profoundly so, though
honest and fanatical.
Under these teachings, what could we expect?
What have they been taught to demand of us by
our avowed principles of legislation? Gentlemen
may suppose that what I am now saying is an
•attack upon the Administration. Not at all.
When we trace back the original error, it was first
the adoption of the territorial bill for Utah in 1850,
and next the appointment of Brigham Young; and
that was done by the head of the party to which
I belonged, and an Administration which had a
great degree of my confidence. I will say here,
that I have not unlimited confidence in any Admin-
istration. I did not, however perceive in that
policy an error so great as to induce me to take a
stand against an Administration to which in the
main I adhered. I do not mean to impute any
willful error of course to the present Administra-
tion in the views they have recently taken on this
subject, but I think the idea of a Mormon war is
monstrous. We may have an internal war, a
domestic war, but it will come, I trust, only after
every means have been exhausted to prevent it.
To make a war upon the Mormons, and denomi-
nate it a Mormon war, I say, is horrible to my
feelings.
It is said,however, that in order to enforce the
execution of the laws, it is necessary to send a
large and expensive army to Utah. I have no
desire to speak of the circumstance under which
that army was dispatched. I said before, when
1 expressed some sentiments on this subject, that
I thought the time at which that advance was
directed, and those gallant men were ordered to
go to Utah, was entirely too late; and that the
prospect was extremely hazardous from the ex-
perience we have of the difficulty of the passages
in the mountains through which they would have
to make their way. It ought not to have been
considered a practicable project. They ought to
have waited until another season, and employed
the meantime in negotiations to sec whether these
people could not be brought to their senses,
whether we could not convince them that it would
be better for them not to engage in a resistance
to the power of this Government. I think that
movement was a very erroneous one, costing mil-
lions of money to the Government; and Colonel
Johnston and his forces are this day practically
no nearer to Salt Lake than.they would be if they
were stationed in the city of New York.
But I pass over all the errors that may have
been committed, supposing them to have^ been
committed under such circumstances as would
naturally impel any Secretary of War, or any
Administration to commit them. Now, is it likely
that there will be any serious war in Utah? I
have received information on this subject from
various gentlemen with whom I have spoken, and
who seem to have some knowledge of that com-
munity; I have conversed with gentlemen from
California and others, who know something of
Utah and its people; and I am told that there is
110 disposition among them to come into hostile
collision with the forces of the United States. I
have been induced to favor a policy of peace. I
am inclined to think that it would have been suf-
ficient to send Governor Cumming alone with a
small escort, without making any public decla-
rations or proclamations of a hostile disposition.
I have great confidence in Governor Cumming;
andfrom what I have heard of Colonel Johnston,
I should suppose he would be a proper associate
in such an expedition. I think there need not
have been §100,000 expended for this purpose.
The leaders of the Mormons have enough intelli-
gence to know that they cannot resist the power
of the United States. I am told they would be
ready to go to any island which might be assigned
them in the Pacific ocean, rather than do that.
But what does history teach us as to the conse-
quences of demanding absolute submission from
men possessed of fanatical feelings and determin-
ation? If they were like some of our Puritan
ancestors, what should we expect to be the conse-
quence ? Perhaps I may speak of my own ances-
tors, as they were of that order, and not of the
Cavaliers in the civil wars in England. They
would die first, without much fanaticism either.
They would die for their opinion, a great deal less
preposterous and absurd than thesp; and I have
observed that, in these enlightened days, the more
absurd and more preposterous are the new doc-
trines started up, like those of the Mormons, the
more likely they are to have multitudes of follow-
ers. Nobody can comprehend them; and for that
reason people embrace them, particularly if they
contain things that strike their fancy and imagin-
ation. I think anybody, who has noticed the
history of the progress of religious impostures
and religious fanaticisms, will have seen that that
is very apt to be the case. The greater the ab-
surdity the more likely they are to succeed, if
they involve certain principles and ideas which
strike the imagination.
This is an attempt to force such a people to
absolute submission, to make them take judges,
governors, and other officers from us, to compel
them to have their laws administered in the spirit
of our institutions* I do not think the masses
there can be made to do that. I hope there will
be no actual collision.
I know it is said that the Mormons have insti-
gated the Indians on their frontiers to misehicf
upon emigrants and other American citizens pass-
ing through that country, f doubt that very
much. I do not give full confidence to the reports
we receive on that subject; but even if that were
true, 1 have indulged the hope that all could be
calmed and mitigated by negotiation.
Sir, I do not wish to continue this discussion.
On the whole, I merely wish to say that my mind
inclines me to vote in favor of allowing the Pres-
ident to call out volunteers if he thinks them ne-
cessary, so tha* the Government may not be left
without the proper support which ought to be
given to the force now marching on Utah. If the
question cannot be peaceably settled, I think it
better to raise a volunteer force because they can
be more speedily and promptly organized "than
the regular regiments proposed to be formed. I
do not believe there will he any demand for them.
I do not think there will be any necessity for call-
ing out volunteers, but I am willing to give author-
ity to allow them to be raised.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
it has not been my habit to consume the time of
the Senate; but I desire, on this occasion, to say-
a few words in explanation -of the vote I shall
give. I have listened to the speech which has
just been delivered by the Senator from Tennes-
see, and I believe it represents quite fairly the
opposition which has hitherto been made to the
passage of this bill. Some gentlemen base their
opposition on the conviction that there will be no
Mormon war. He goes still further, and is quite
severe in his comments on the Administration.'
He has made remarks which, to me, clearly im-
ply that he is of opinion that they have determ-
ined to force a war.
Mr. BELL. I did not say that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
will review his remarks to-morrow, I think he
will find that that is the natural conclusion from
what he has said.
Mr. BELL. I tried to guard against that. I
said that if an error had been committed by this
Administration, the circumstances were such that
any other Administration might have committed
it, and that I did not impute it to any purpose on
their part to have a war. I thought it could be
avoided by the adoption of pacific measures, and
that is the hope I expressed. I did not say they
were determined to wage a war whether it was
necessary or not. I disclaim that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The sincerity
of the Senator from Tennessee, which I believe I
may say is time-honored, will never be questioned
by me; and I have no doubt, from what he now
says, that it was not his intention to make any'
imputation of that character. He said, however,
that he did not believe there would be any Mor-
mon war, and, as a consequence, he does not be-
lieve that these troops will be really necessary;
There are considerations beyond these, -which it
seems to me ought to address themselves to the
consideration of the Senate on this occasion; and
some of them I feel very sensibly myself. The
impression of the Senator from Tennessee evi-
dently is, that there will be no war or no serious
difficulty with the Mormons.
Mr. BELL. I said I hoped there would be
none.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator now, if he believes there will be no contest
with them?
Mr. BELL. I do not think there will be any
such contest as will make it necessary to call out
volunteers or additional troops; but, nevertheless,
I would provide them, for fear it might be so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I sug-
gest to the Senator that he should admit at once
that the Administiation sincerely believe the con-
trary.
Mr. BELL. I should not hesitate to admit
that. I do not feel myself called upon to say that
I do not think they are sincere. 1 think they are.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The declara-
tions of the Administration, which are before us
in the message of the President and in the reports
of the proper Departments, can leave no doubt on
our minds that it is their earnest conviction that
we shall have serious difficulties in Utah; and, if
I may use the term as applicable within the limits
of the United States, a war there. If they believe
so, the Senator from Tennessee will of course ad-
mit, that in the discharge of the functions which
have been confided to them, it is their duty to use
all the powers they may have at their command
to achieve the object they have in view in Utah;
and we have their declaration that the force they
can now use for that purpose, the existing Army
of the United States, is very limited.
[ am free to say that, in my opinion, the force
which this Government has already transmitted,
and is about to transmit, to Utah, will prove itself
sufficient to give us peace in that Territory; but I
do not believe that peace will be secured without
a battle and bloodshed. I was not h'ere when the
Committee on Military Affairs reported this bill,
and I have not taken part in the debates upon it;
but I must confess that my course in regard to it
is not influenced by the Mormon war so much as
by a regard for the consequences to ourselves at
