2980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
/
same with the following amendment: strike out "two hun-
dred," and insert " one hundred and fifty." j
That tin? House recede from their disagreement to the ;
thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and concur in the |
same with the followingamendmenT: strikeout "wiehun- j
dredand fifty thousand," and insert '■'one hundred and j
twelve thousand five hundred." i
That the House recede from their disagreement to the ;
thirty seventh amendment of the Senate,-and concur in the
same with the following amendment: strike out *' fifty,"
and insert " thirty."
That the-House recede from their disagreement to the
forty-second amendment of the Senate, and concur m the
same with the following amendment: in the fourth hue of
said amendment strike out the words <c for printing."
Thai the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the Hou-=e to the forty fir&t amendment of
the Senate, and concur m the same.
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
JOHN SL1DELL,
J. COLLAMER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J- A. QUITMAN,
MARTIN J. CRAWFORD,
B. STANTON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred*in.
SUPPLEMENTAL INDtAN BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, informed the Senate
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 557\
making supplemental appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
the 30th June, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the chairman of that
committee of conference is ready to report.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on thebilK II. R.No. 557)making ^upplemtMi-
lal appropriations foi the current and c nmngent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tubes, for thryeai en dins the 30th
of June, 1859. have awed to recommend, and do recom
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede irom its di-^agteement to the
amendment of the House to its thirtieth amendment, and
concur in the same.
That the Senate recede from its twenty-sixth, twenty-
seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth amendment*.
That the flou^e recede Irom its disagreement to the third
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same, with an
amendment as follows: in the fourth line of said amend-
ment strike out the word " March," and insert " August."
J. D. BRIGHT,
W. K. SEBASTIAN,
IJ. M RKX,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
(JEORGE S. HOUSTON,
B. F. fiEITER,
JAMES K. CLAY,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Ai.i.en, Us Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had disagreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagiering
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
199) making appropiiations for the naval service
for the year ending the 3Uth of June, 1859, and
askedafurther conference on the said disagreeing
votes, and had appointed Mr. Warren Wins low,
Mr. W. S. GrousjqecK} and Mr. E. B. Wash-
burne, managers at the same on its part.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator
from Florida desires to submit a motion to recede
in regard to the naval bill.
Mr. MALLORY. The report of the com-
mittee of conference was read last night to a
very thin Senate. I ask that it be read again.
[" Oh, no !"]
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to make an appeal to
the Senator from Florida. We know we are to
take the vote on the Indiana case at twelve o'clock.
Let the Senator from Florida submit his motion,
and take the sense of the Senate m regard to it
without debate; but if we are to have the report
read, and adebate on that, we .-shall spend half the
day on the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. It is very extraordinary that
we have to suspend the reading of the Journal of
the Senate; and not a Senator here enn know what
was transacted yesterday, unless, after the Senate
adjourns, he should take an opportunity to go to
the clerks and get the Journal and read it. 11 is vet y
surprising that an objection should be made even
to an explanation, simply because a day for ad-
journment has been fixed for the convenience of a
portion of Congress, and we are to hurry through
with the business of the Senate to meet that end.
I desire to make a motion without unnecessarily
consuming time, tfyat the Senate recede from all its
amendments to the naval apptopriadon bill, ex-
cept one which the House amended in regard to
the sloops-of-war. The vote of the Senate was
for five stoops, and the House provided for ten.
I desire the Senate to agree to that amendment of
the House; and I propose to recede from our other
amendments to which the House disagreed; and
I have a few words to say in explanation of this
motion.
I should have proposed this course last night,
but those who were here will recollect thatat the
time of the adjournment we found there were but
twenty-three Senators present, and I was indis-
posed to say a word with so thin a body; but I
should now like to explain to the Senate why we
ought to agree to the proposition of the House in
regard to the additional sloops-of-war. The hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] in
discussing this measure, took the opportunity to
deliver somewhat of a lecture to the committee of
conference, and the lecture was delivered in that
tone and manner which would have been offensive
did I not know the general good feelingand cour-
tesy of that gentleman. He said that, with twen-
ty-three of us here, we could reform this bill and
pass a new bill, in four hours, at anywrime. The
committee of conference agreed to the amendment
of the House for ten sloops instead of five, be-
cause it supposed it was representing the feeling
of the Senate^ The honorable Senator from Mich-
igan is generally as accurate as any other Sena-
tor, but his inaccuracy on this point was only
equaled by the boldness of his assertions. He
said it had been twice voted down upon a direct
vote of the Senate. Sir, the exact reverse is the
case. I hold the yeas and nays m my hand. The
first vote of the Senate was on a direct proposi-
tion made by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] to strike out four sloops, as reported
by the committee, so as to leave only the five
originally reported by a separate bill. The vote
on that motion was 22 for striking out and 31
against it. There were eleven absent. That tested
the sense of the Senate in favor of the ten sloops.
The next vote taken in Committee of the Whole
was, whether the ten sloops should be in the bill,
and there was a majority of four against it, there
being forty-four Senators present. Theie were
fifty-three present before.
Mr. HALE. 1 know the Senator does not
mean to misrepresent the action of the Senate, of
course; but did not a portion of these gentlemen
who voted against striking out the four sloops,
also vote against the whole; thereby not showing,
as the Senator would intimate, that it was because
they wanted the ten sloops, but because they
wanted the distinct vote on the original amend-
ment, thinking in that way they might defeat the
whole ?
Mr MALLORY. I do not know what their
motives were.
Mr. HALE. But does not the record show
that they voted against the ten sloops afterwards ?
Mr. MALLORY. The third vote was, in the
Senate, 19 to 17, a very thin Senate, as was prop-
erly observed by the Senator from Michigan—
thirty-six present and twenty-eight absent. The
Senator ft 0111 Michigan last night took occasion to
say that this committee of conference (and, with
the exception of myself, it was composed of gen-
tlemen who have the public weal as much at heart
as he has, and, I presume, understand the subject
as well as he does) had misrepresented the feel-
ing of the Senate, and that the Senate had twice
voted down the proposition directly. The facts
do not sustain him.
I desire the Senate to listen to a few words in
favor of the proposition for ten sloops-of-war.
Tiw-t was die recommendation of the Department
before we had any word of any existing necessity
for an increase of our Navy at all, as a measure
of peace; and upon thatestimate and recommend-
ation of the Department I took the subject into
consideration, and have paid some attention to it,
ai'd ( am convinced that public economy, that the
w at. is of the country, thai the service of the Navy,
and our treaty stipulations, will all be btfst sub-
served by providing for the construction of these
ten small vessels, and I will proceed to show you
the reason in a few words.
We have not a single steam cruiser on the coast
of Africa—not one that we can send there; and it
is well known that one small steam cruiser draw-
ing seven and a half feet of water is worth all the
fleet we send there to protect our flag against in-
fraction in regard to the slave trade. We have not
a single small steam cruiser that we can send to
the coast of Cuba to protect our flag in the same
way. It is well known that one small steam cruiser
would do more service than any two large frigates
we have got. We do not want large frigates to
protect our flag in this respect. If ought to be a
satisfaction to the Senate to know that we can sail
seven of these small vessels at the same expense
as two laige ones. We can sail seven vessels of
the size of the Fulton, whose expenses are $57,000
a year, at the same cost as two of our large vessels,
whose expenses are $174,000; and we can have
fourteen of them at the same expense as four large
vessels. If we should have these ten vessels, we
can then either withdraw our large vessels from
our fleets, and keep them for emergency, or keep
them for foreign service entirely.
I shall not now detain the Senate by going over
the list of vessels we have afloat; but having paid
some little attention to (he condiuon of the Navy,
I can assure the Senate that there is a great ceal
of propriety in the complaint of Great Britain, that
our flag is prostituted for the slave trade, and the
very document now on your table, sent in by the
Secretary of State not three weeks ago, shows
that at least one vessel captured must inevitably
have been a slaver bound outwards, and every
gentleman who knows anything of the subject,
who has ever given any attention to the cargoes
of slave vessels, must come to the conclusion that
that vessel, at least, was designed for the slave
trade. She carried the American flag. We have
large frigates of forty guns on our coast; but we
have not got a vessel fit for the purpose of station-
ing on the coast of Cuba or the coast of Africa, to
take care of the interests of our flag in that re-
spect. Let us not suppose that any news we got
from Gieat Britain by the newspapers is alto-
gether reliable. Just so long as we do not keep
vessels on the coast of Cuba to do our duty and
search our suspected vessels, Great Britain will
do it, as she has done it ever since the Ashburton
treaty. There is nothing new in the recent oc-
curences, but they are remarkable because so
many instances have occurred in a brief period.
; The British officers are acting under the same
order under which they haveacted for the last ten
years; no new orders have been given to them;
they are doing now what they have been doing
for ten years past, and what they will continue
to do, unless we ourselves shall do our duty, and
send out these small steameis. 1 shall not occupy
the attention of the Senate longer.
Mr. STUART. I do not know which most to
regret, the remarks of my friend from Florida^ or
>,what I said myself. If the Senator has givc-n a
proper interpretation to what I said, I certainly
must have been very incorrect; but I have no-
ticed on several occasions that, when anything is
said disagreeing with the sentiments of other
Senators, it is very common to say it is an at-
tempt to lecture the Senate; and yet, sir, I never
found a Senator who had any idea of lecturing
the Senate, and never heard of one. The Sena-
tor from Florida, however, does but justice to my
motives and my intentions. I said this—and I
intended to say it with great respect—I think
there is no Senator who will deny it-—that it is
the clear duty of a conference committee to rep-
resent the wish of the body that appoints it. On
a question that is in dispute between the two
Houses, no matter what is the sentiment of an
individual on the conference committee, his duty
undoubtedly is to represent the will of the body
that appoints him. Let me illustrate: there aie
sometimes a hundred amendments to one appro-
priation bill, frequently fifty. I suppose it would
be impossible to find three Senators whose indi-
vidual opinions agreed with the vote of the Sen-
ate on each and every question; and therefore, if
a Senator on the committee is to carry out his
own opinion, he would go against the views of
a niajonty of the Senate in half the cases. Cer-
tainly, that cannot be his duty.
On this question I spoke last night, from reco.-
