1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will my friend
from Ohio permit me to say a word here? I de-
sire to statu that I had a reluctance to giving mv
support to the Crittenden-Montgomery amend-
ment; and I should not have done it, had I not
distinctly understood, before I gave my vote, that
at least twenty of those who were termed anti-
Lecompton Democrats would, in any and every
event, vote against any other proposition, or, I
may say, any proposition which would be re-
garded by our side of the House as less favorable
than this. My apprehension was so strong- that
there would be a backing down, knowing1 the his-
tory of previous transactions in Congress, that I
meant to be satisfied beyond all doubt on the sub-
ject. In some conversations that! had with <ren-
dem^n. not of the Republican party, J undeistood
them to say that they would vote for nothing else;
chat they would agree to no U tiing down in any
way whatever; that they would at nil times vote
against a conference. Thereupon, that there
should be no dispute as to the undetstonding, I
sat down and drew up in writing what I under-
stood to be a true statement of it. That paper I
now have in my hand and will read it, with the
consent of the llouse:
" 1. Adopt Ciittonden'ci -ub;titute, with an amendment I
to the effect that the le^ult or the elecao'i^ «u\, -.li til be i
coi titied to the President uy a majority of the commission-
ers ■'
I was afraid, Mr. Speaker, that there might be
fraudulent voting and false returns and certificates,
and I desired that this matter of voting and ie-
tnms should be put beyond the control of either
of the parties, and that we might be secure of fair
dealing; therefoie I insisted on that proposition.
3. \ off for the bill if the subsume ^ adopted.
t: 3 IT the Son.iff non-com ui^ jii the <un:jiidnt''nt. inputs
upon it-- inriner V'jf:', and a--k  a conf'rietK-e. (lie Iiou>e will
vote down a motion fo ln^M, and immediately vote to ;id-
liere If thio &lKiil he earned, recorder and lay on the
table."
I understood, of course, that that was to apply
not only to the first vote, but to all votes. It was
my understanding from the beginning that that
programme was to be carricd out to the end; for
it is apparent that nothing would be gained if the
agreement to adhere, and resist a conference, was
to apply only to one or two votes, and gentlemen
were then to be at liberty to vote for a conference,
to recede, or abandon us in any stage of the pro-
ceedings. It was clearly understood that this
arrangement was to hold as long as the bill was
before the House. If I had believed that these
Democrats would not stand with us to the end, I
should not have given the vote I did. J belit.-ved
that if they adheied, the Senate bill would be de-
feated; and I will state, that at a meeting at which
I was present, thispajoer was read, and a copy of
it was taken by an anti-Lecompton Democrat,
who afterwards told me that hia friends, (and
others gave me the same assurance,) to the extent,
at least, of twenty, would stand up to it under all
circumstances.
Several Members. Who was that?
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the gentleman
whether the South Americans weie a party to the
contract ?
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I have stated
all that I desire to say on that point.
Mr. RUFPIN. Who signed that?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Ohio permit me to answer the
question of my colleague?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly I will allow the
gentleman to answer his colleague.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will say,
for the edification of my colleague, and for what-
ever else he may get out of it—that 1 understood
that pioposition, and that I agreed to it. I will
remark that5like thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hahris,] I did not understand that we weie to
go for no other proposition, but I did understand
that we agreed to adhere to the Crittenden-Mont-
gomery amendment, and to stand to it to the^ close;
and 1 think my colleague will do me the justice
to say that I have fulfilled the bargain.
Mr. COMINS. Such was the understanding
of every member on this side of the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to make one
solitary remark.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield to my friend from
Kentucky.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say to the
House, and to the country* that so far as my ac- .
lion was concerned in th s matter, I had no com- j
paef, understanding, oragreement; X acted on my \
own sense of right, and from patriotic motives. :
I did that which I thought was right; and in doing i
that which 1 thought was right I rejoice that \ |
cooperated with mycoiieague from Kentucky, and ;
with many gentlemen on this side of the House, I
and I giirved that I could not cooperate with a j,
large number of fnenJs on the opposite side. j:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle- J
man from Ohio pnimit me to ask the gentleman !
fiom Maine a question? j
Air. CAMPBELL. Is it a matter personal to i
yourself? j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is to the whole j
House, I think. 1 understood the gentleman fiom \
Maine to say that an anti-Lecompton Democrat ;
took a copy of that paper, which he read to the
House. I wish to know who that gentleman is ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state to
the gentleman 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will answer
that several anti-Lecompton Democrats saw the
paper, and the one who took the copy afterwards
stated that his friends knew of the paper, or of
the understanding which it embodied. The gen-
tleman said he had conversed with his associates,
and that we might rely upon it that they would
stand to this to the end, and asrree to no confer-
ence and no lowering down. He said he hadas-
suiances of this, and could not be mistaken in
legard to at least twenty of them. Oilier gentle-
men gave me similar assurances,and I rehedupon
them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely want to
know who took the copy 5
Mr. WALRRJDME,'Mr CLARK, of New
York, and otheis, addiessed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. To whom does the gentle-
man from Ohio yield the floor? Will the gentle-
man relieve the Chair from embarrassment by
signifying to whom he yields the floor?
"Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 am willing to yield to all
who desire to come up and confess. I leheve the
Chair of its cmUara%smcnt by designating my
anti-Lecompton Democratic fuend fiom New
York [Mr. Cla.uk] first.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish the gen-
tleman wou.d siHfe to whom he refers as the anti-
Lecompton Democrat who undertook, in any man -
ner, to commit his associates to any vote on any
subject. I know of no such committal; and, for
my part, I never made such a promise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would state
that several persons were present when this paper
was read. A copy was taken of it by an anti-
Lecompton Democuu, who told me that at least
twenty of his fi n.nds knew of the understanding,
and agreed to vote m accordance with it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think I can teli the whole
story in a very few words, without violating any j
confidence. i
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will my friend !
allow me to correct a statement? j
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not now. I will repeat
subtantidlJy what I said the other morning, when |
we were about to take the final vote on the hill .
to admit Kansas. A conference or council ofgen- ;
demon—members of tins House—repiesenting j
the Republican, the North American, the South j
American, and the anti-Lecompton Democratic j
elements, met, notm caucus, but to have a friendly j
interview, wish the view of determining what was j
best to be done. The gentlemen were understood '
to have authority to negotiate and settle a pro- |
gramme for the defeat of any measure which did j
not secure the principle of popular sovereignty— !
the right of the people of Kansas to votednecily
on the constitution which should govern her as
a State.
The gentleman from Maine has stated the truth.
That programme, as read by him, was agreed
upon by those then present, with the distinct un-
derstanding thnt unless the ninety-two so-called
Republicans agreed to it, unless at least tvtenty
anti-Lecompton Democrats agreed to it, and at
least six South Americans agreed to it, all parties
were to be released from the obligation of the mu-
tual understanding, and to be notified. As one
of the parties to the arrangement, I have made a
public apology to the ninety-two Republicans,
who seem to have been betrayed, yet were true
to their plighted faith.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. With thegen-
tleman 5s permission, I desuc ro correct my former
statement. L"t mc remaik that the CuLtenden-
Montgomery amendment, as it is called, was sub-
mitted toa meeting of anti-Lecompton Democrats,
at which I was present, and it was understood
that every man pledged himself to give it ins sup-
port to the end.
Several Members. How many were present?
Mr CLARK, of New York. I cannot say. I
kept my promise; and every promise, express or
implied, which 1 have ever made, has been faith-
fully and explicitly pciformed.
Many voices on the Republican side of the
Housl: "That is so."
Air. CAMPBELL. That is certainly so The
gentleman from New York hay my admiration of
his fidelity. Neither my collogue from the cen-
tral district, [Mr. Cox,] nor my colleague who
has just made a personalexplanation, [Mr. Law-
rence,] everfrave to me, directly, any pledge what-
ever; but they were represented in that council by
a committee of three, appointed, as I understood
it, by the anti-Lecompton Democrats; and gentic-
nH-ii upon this &idc of the Hoase understood that
there was ut least a high moral obligation resting
upon those who were thus represented—an obli-
gation, Mr. Speaker, which, 1 think, was violated
when the last vote was taken
I said the other day that i was actuated by no
unfriendly feelings towards either of my col-
leagues. I impugn the motives of no man upon
either side of the llouse. I deemed it due to
the truth of history m the closing scene of the
struggle that the facts should be made known. I
did not repeat any of the private conversations
which I had with my colleagues. I had many
such con vernations with my<olleagues and other
Democrats, in their rooms and elsewhere, on the
subject of tins Lecompton movement; but I never
will, as God is my judge, professing, as I do, to
be a gentleman, 1 never will repeat private con-
versations.
Mr.LAYYR.SNCE. I ask my colleague wheth-
er, in any conversation I ever had with him, inci-
dental or otherwise, I ever gave htm any such
pledge ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Under no circumstances
whatevei can either of my colleagues oruny other
gentleman upon this floor with whom I may have
had, in his chamber or in the presence of his
family, private conversations in regard to this sub-
ject, extort fiom me one single word of any such
conveisation. It does not comport with my ideas
of the duty of a Representative, to retail to this
House and the world private conversations be-
tween gentlemen.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As it is very evident that
no more piofit is to be derived from the prosecu-
tion of this subject at this lime, I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes after four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.,
Wednesday, May 5, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. W. A. Harris.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
resignation of mk. biggs.
The VICE PRESI DENT laid before the Senate
a letter from the flon. Asa Biggs, inclosing a copy
uf a letter addressed by him to the Governor of
the Suite of Noith Caiolina, resigning the office
of Senator of the United States from that State*
which was read.
Mr. HUNTER. By the retirement of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina a vacancy is created in
the Committee on Finance, i move that the va-
cancy be filled by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of William
A. Buckingham and other eitizens of New Lon-
don county, Connecticut, praying that a grant of
land may be made to each State in the Union to
endow therein an institution for the liberal and
practical educationof the industrial classes; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
