1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Ml
lection, and I think now that in some form the
Senate was brought to a vote twice on the prop-
osition to udii to the steam sloops, and voted it
down twice. The Senator has examined the rec-
ord, and undoubtedly he is correct, and it seems,
from his statement, that the Senate voted it down
hut once. It is confessed that once they did vote
it down on the ypas and nays. What, then, was
the sense of the Senate on the question of provid-
ing for ten sloops-of-war? Against it. All I said,
all I intended to say, was that if the Senate still
retained their opinion, if that was their judgment,
they should reject the proposition because it dis-
agreed with their sense. It appears now that the
House of Representatives has voted it down also.
I understand, from the papers, that there was a
long debate in the House of Representatives on
two propositions connected with this bill—these
sloops, and some grading at Brooklyn, and that
upon both those propositions the House was
brought to a vote, and voted against them. Now,
why should we adopt it? The Senate has voted
against the ten sloops, and the last vote of the
House on the report of the committee of confer-
ence is against the ten sloops. Why should we
agree to them?
i will not make any extended remarks. My
object in rising was simply to say that there
would be no injury in voting down this reportand
having another conference; and we ought cer-
tainly to do one of two things. As the House of
Representatives has rejected the conference re-
port, if we recede from the amendments so far as
the Senator from Florida has proposed, we should
certainly include the one in regard to sloops. We
should not retain the thing we voted against and*
recede from that which we voted for; nor should
we retain what the House has joined us in voting
against.
Mr. MALLOR.Y. I wish to interrupt my
friend for a moment, to say that I think he is mis-
taken. The House voted on the repoit in gross,
and did not vote on the amendments in detail.
Mr. STUART. They voted on the report as
a whole, of course; for they could not vote for it
in any other way; but I say the opposition was
to the sloops, and to the ^60,000 appropriation
for grading at Brooklyn. This being the fact, if
the Senate recede at all, I submit they should re-
cede from the whole; and they certainly should
recede from the sloop amendment if they enter-
tain the opinion they had before. At ail events,
let us have a vote.
Air. SLIDELL I would suggoxt to tho chair-
man of the Naval Committee that it would be well
to postpone the consideration of this subject tfjoul
after the Indiana case has been disposed of; Ma
in the meanwhile I ask the consent of the Senate
to allow a message from the President ot the Uni-
ted States, which is on the table, to be read. That
may, perhaps, influence our action in this and
other matters.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will take that to be the
sense of the Senate, and will present the message
and have it read.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The Secretary read the message; as follows:
'¥
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I feel it to be an independable duty to caii your attention
to the condition of the Tieastuv. On the 19th day ot May
la-i.ihe rieoietary of the Trca-ury s-ubnntted a report to
Coierre-- '• on the" present condition of t><e finance.- ot the
GiAi.rniuent.^ In tins p'poit he -tate< that, alter a call
upouafco heads 01 Department-:, lie had jeecived official in
ju'itiauoTi tli.it the t-uui ot §37.000.haO woukl piobabl} he
required din in? the fit>i two quarter ol the next fK-cal > car,,
hotn the 1st of July until the l-t ofJanuaiy. '• Thi- <um,''
the eciet.irv .-av-,doe& not include «ueh amounts a- may
ho appropriated hy Congie&> over and above the e^imates
submitted to rh(m hy the Departments, and I have no data
on which to e timate for Mich expenditures. Upon this
point Congress is better able to form acoireet opinion than
I am."
Tne Secietaiv then estimate*! that the receipts into the
Tiea-ury irom all source-, beiweon tlie l-t of Julv and the
]«t of J.'inuaiv, would amount to .•$2.~>.000.0i'0. leaving a de-
fleit of §•!.),'t0 .000. inchi-ive of the sum of about three
minion dollar-, the lea-tarmmnt required to be in the Tiea-'-
utv atall times to -eeuic its -uecessjlul operation. For tins
amount he lecoinmend:? a loan. Tim loan, it will be ob-
served. wa- requited, a'ter a close calculation, to meet the
.inmte? trom the different Departments.; and not such
app* opnations as might be made by Congiess ovei and
above the-e estimate.-.
There wa- embraced in thi.-^um of §lo.000.t)00 estimates
to the amount of about on«; million .-*even hundred and fiity
tl.ou-and dollars for the Hirer* volunteei regiment-, author-
ized by the act of Oongtess approved April 7,1«5£; foi two
of which, if not for the third, no appropriation will now be
required. To this extent a portion of the loan of $J 5,000.000
may he applied to pay the appropriations made hy Congress
beyond the estimates from the different Departments, re-
feired to in the report ot the Secretary of the Treasury.
To what extent a probable deficiency mav exist in the
Trea«uty between the l*t July and the Kt January next,
cannot be ascertained until the appropriation bills, as well
as the private bills containing appropriations htiall have
finally passed.
Adversity teaches useful lessons to nations as well as in-
dividuals. The habit of extravagantexpenditures, fostered
by a lai^e surplus m the Tieasuiy, must now be corrected,
or the country will he involved in serious financial difficul-
ties.
Under any form of government, extravagance in expend-
iture must be the natural eonscquence. when tho e who
authorize the expenditure feel no responsibility in providing
the means of payment. Such had been, for a number of
years, our condition previously to the late monetary revul-
sion in the country. Fortunately, at least for the cause of
public economy, the case is now reversed; and to the ex-
tent ot the appiopnations, whatever these may be, ingrafted
on the different appiopriation bills, a? well as those made
by private bills, over and above the estimates of the different
Depaitments, it will be necessary for Congress to piovide
the means of payment before their adjournment. Without
this, the Treasury will be exhausted before the 1st of Janu-
ary, and the public credit will be senously impaired. This
disgrace niu.-t not fall upon the country.
It is impossible lor me, however, now to ascertain this
amount; nor does there at present seem to he the lean prob-
ability that this can be done, and the necessary mean* pio-
vided by Congress to meet any deficiency which may exist
in the Treasury before Monday next at twelve o'clock, the
hour fixed for adjoin nment, if being now Saturday morning
at half pa-t eleven o'clock. To accomplish this object, the
appiopnation bills, a* they shall have finally passed Con-
gie«, inu-t be before me, and time must be allowed to as-
ceitain the amount of the moneys appropnated, and to
enable Congress to provide the neccs-aiy means. At this
wiitmg it i-3 under-stood that t-cveinl of "the^e bilh tne yet :
befoie tie1 committees of conference, and the amendments
to some of them have not even been printed.
Foie-eeing that such a state of iiimsrs might exist at the
close of the j>es«sion. I stated, in the annual messa-je to Con-
gress, of December hwt, that •' from the piaetice of_Con
gress such an examination of each bill as the Constitution
lequne* ha* been rendered impossible. The mo-r nn
portant hii-mes* of each se—ion i* uenorallv ciowded into
its* la-t hours, and the alternative piu-ented to the Pie-ident
is either to violate the con-titimonai duty which he owes
to th'-* people, and approve bill.- winch, for want of timo. it
is impossible he should have examined, oi, hy hi* relat-al to
do th i ^, subject the country and individuals, to great loss and
inconvenience." * * * * * ' "*
" Forinvown part,! have deliberately determined that [
sh^ll approve no hill-, winch I have not examined ; and it
will be a ca-^e of extieme and mn-t nigent neceasitj wmch
shnfi ever induce me to deput ftom this rule.''
Tii  present condition of the Trea*uiy ah-olutelv require*
that f -hould adhe'e to iin< le-olution on the pre-ent o^c.i
siosi, for the rca-ons \v im li 1 have hei< tuioie pi t't.
In former tunc-, it wa- hoh"Ved lo tie ill.- 1:up eh.u U'ter
of an appropi lation bill simnlv to oairv into elleet exi-ting
laws and t'>e established policy of the countiv. A pi.i"tice
ha*, however, grown up of lateyeaiv to ingraft on - uch bill's,
at the last hour* of the .-e-'-ion. Jnrgp appiopnation- fm new
and impotent object* not provided for b\ precxi-tw>g ia\w,
arid when no time is left to the Evtcin-vij for th'ji. exam-
ination and investigation. Wo alternative is thus leir to tne
President but either to approve uiea-ines without exam-
ination, or, by vetoing an appropi lation hill, senotish to em
barrass the operation-5 of the Government. Tin- p; ici.ce
could never have prevailed without a surplus in the Treas
uivsufficient latae to cover an inderinite rtinount ol appro
pridttons. Necessity nosv compels us toare-t it, <u lea--t
so far as toaffnd time to a^eeifmn the amount appropu-
ated. and to provide themeans of its pa\ment.
For ail the-'e reasons, I lecommend to Congie^ to po t
pone the <hiv or' adjouimnent for a huef p'jisod. 1 pi omi-e
tiiar not an hour -ball h1'1 lo-~t in a-cortaimns the amount of
appropn. irion- made by them for which it will he nice—ary
topioMtle I know n will be inconvenient fot the mem-
beis to attend a called sesMnn, and tin-, above ill
I desne to avoid. BUCIIAAAX.
Washington City, June 12, lb58.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the message lie
on the table, and be printed. We shall have an
opportunity hereafter of considering the question
there submitted as to the postponement of the day
of adjournment.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The message
will he on the table. The motion to print it will
be leferted to the Committee on Printing.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The message
should go to the public; and the Committee on
Printing authorize me to report at once in favor
of the motion to print it.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF RULES-
A message ftom the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concuried m the resolution of the Sen-
ate for a suspension of the IGth and 17th joint
rules of the two Houses for the remainder ot the
present session.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order,
being the question of privilege in reg&rd to the
Indiana senatorial election, the pending: question
being on the motion of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] to amend the amendmentof tiie
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] by adding to
it:
That, i n the opinion of the Senate, no election of a mem-
ber ot this body made by the Legislature of a State compet-
ing of two branches is valid when made in a meeting of
individual membeis of both, unless such meeting for that
purpose was pre«crib'-tl by law, or had been previously
agreed to by each House acting separately In its organized
capacity., or is participated in by a majority of the members
of each House, or is subsequently ratified in some form by
each House in its organized capacity.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 17, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodenck, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Boo-
little, Duikee, Fepsenden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan,
King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Clay,
Chnaman, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Green, Gwwi, Hammond,
Hayne, lver>on, Jone-<, M.Ulory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Re id,
Rice, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson of New Jersey,Toombs,
Wright, and Yulce—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on Mr. Ham-
lin's amendment to strike out all after the word
1^' resolved," m the resolution of the Judiciary
Committee, and insert;
That the casp of Jesse D. Bright and Graham N.-Fitch
be recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instillations to report specially the grounds on which the
resolution h based deelaung said Bright and Fitch eJect-
ed.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered, and taken, with the
following result:
YE VS — Messi* Chandler, Claik, Dixon, Doolittle, Dur-
kee, Fe-ftfiiden, Foot, Fo*ter, Ilainhii, Harlan, King, SSw-
;ml. Pminion:*,-Tiuii bu!l, Wad '.and Wilhon—16
N\\TS—\le-sr<. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick,
Biowti. Clav, C'hngman, Collamer, Fitzpatriek, Green,
Gwin, Hammond. Uavue, Houston, Hunter, Ivetson, John-
son ot' Ai ivin-a-, .holm- on of Tenne=«fe, Jon^s, Kennedy,
Mailoiv. Ma-oil. Pearee, Polk, Pugh, Tleid,Rice, Sebastian,
Slide!I, Thoinp'Ou of Kentucky. Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, \\ ngut, and Yuiee- 34.
So the amendment was rejected; and the ques-
tion recurred on the following resolution reported
bv the Judiciary Committee;
Reach cd< That Graham jV. Titc h and Jfpse D. Bright,
Si'wuot:- r; tuin<'(i and admitted trom the State of Indiana,
are entitled to tli^ seats which they nowJioId in the Senate
a< siK-h Senator aloie^nid—the foiniei until the 4th of
Maieh, 1 c-61, and (lie lat'er until the 4th of March, 1863,
aceo'dinc to the tenoi of their respective credentials.
Mr. TRUMHT-LL. I move to amend the res-
olution !>y insei ting the woid " noL,, before (< en-
tli led .''
Mr. GTIREN". I suggest that it amounts to
the same  hmsr as voting against the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not amount to the
same thing
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend this is the
only wav to settle the question definitely.
Mr. MASON. I am awaie of the general un-
derstanding, in which I cicquicsced last night, that
there should be no debate on this question to-duy;
and I shall not, of course, say anything; but I
wish to remaik that I had desired and intended
to state the reasons which govero me, but I am
precluded by an agreement to which I was a party.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on this question.
The vea^and nays wore ordered.
Mr BELL. I desire to state that I have paired
oft with one of the Senators from Minnesota,
Mr. Shields. i was authorized to state that,
if he were here he would vote in favor of the sit-
ting members from Indiana regaining their seats.
If J were at liberty to vote. I should vote against
them.
The question being taken on Mr. Trumbull's
amendment, resulted—yeas 23, nays 30; as fol-
lows:
VEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doo'ittle, Douqfas Durkee, Fcs^cnden. Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale. Hamhn Hntian, Ilou-ton, King, Mason, Pearee,
Seward. Simmons. Trumbull. Wade, and Wilson—23.
?fAYS—Me^is. Alien, Benjamin, Biglei, Brown, Clay,
Chn<:rnan, Davn, Fazpatnck, Gieen, Gwm. Hammond,
Havne Hunter, Iver-on, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tcnnes&ee, Jones. Kennedy, Mallory, Polk, Pugh. Ileid,
Ilice. Sebu.-u<ui, Shdell, Thompson oi Kentucky, Tiiomsou
of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—30.
So the amendment was rejecft®.
The resolution was agreed to.
