2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up 
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest that the con-
ference report on the naval bill was laid aside in-
formally. If the Senator from Ohio wants to get
away by Monday evening he had better let us
fet the appropriation bills to the President to-day.
still entertain hopes that we may get off by
Monday evening, if we can get these bills to him
to-day so that he may examine them.
Mr. WADE. There is a resolution of the
House which I am very anxious to have taken
up and acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
that what has been done heretofore has been by
unanimous consent; and if any Senator moves to
take up a bill, at this time, before the call for pe-
titions and reports is concluded, it must be by
unanimous sonsent.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not object to the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, after we dispose of the
conference report. I want to get these bills into
the hands of the President. I understand that
the pending question in regard to the tiaval appro-
priation bill is the motion of the Senator from
Florida to recede from the amendment in regard
to the New York navy-yard, and to agree to the
House amendment to the Senate amendment with^
reference to the steam sloops-of-war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate, as it was
taken up before by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. If the motion of the Senator
from Floridashould prevail,the bill would then be
closed, and all we should have to do would be to
send a message to the House of Representatives
communicating our action. If, on the other hand,
his^motion should not carry, it will then be ne-
cessary to ask for another committee of confer-
ence, and settle the bill in that way.
Mr. STUART. I suppose it will be necessary
to take these questions separately.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly. Let us take it on
the sloops first.
Mr. MALLORY. No; on the other first.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, take it on the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment appropriating $50,000 for the navy-yard at
Brooklyn.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The question now, I sup-
pose, is on the motion made by the Senator from
Florida to agree to the House amendment to the
Senate amendment m legard to the sloops, put-
ting it at ten instead of five. I shall vote against
that motion.
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit a motion
which will supersede that; and it is, that the
Senate recede from its amendment in regard to
the sloops, and on that question I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. I voted against all these
sloops; but I am not certain that the motion of
the Senator from Michigan can be made, because
the House of Representatives have agreed to our
amendment, for five sloops, with an amendment,
and all that is left for us to say is, whether we
disagree to theft amendment or not. The provis-
ion for five sloops is now in the bill, as I under-
stand, by the joint action of both Houses.
Mr. STUART I understand that they have
substituted ten for five; that is the way the bill
• stands.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it was an addition,
but if it stands as a substitute, the Senator is
right. «
"The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy cause to be constructed, as speedily as may be
consistent with the public interests, five steam .-crew sloops-
of-war, with full steam power, whose greate-t draught of
water shall notexceed fourteen feet, which shipsshall com-
bine the heaviest armament and greatest speed compatible
with their character and tonnage; and«one side-wheel war
steamer, whose greatest draught shall nut exceed eight feet,
firmed and provided for service in the China seas ; and that
there be, and is hereby, appropriated, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, for the puipose
above specified, th? sum of $1,200,000, out of any money
in the Treasury otherwise appropriated.
The House amendment was to strike out" five"
and insert "ten."
Mr. HTJNTER. The effect of the motion of
the Senator from Michigan would be to strike out
the whole provision for sloops, and it is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit that the motion of
the Senator from Michigan cannot be in order.
The provision for five sloops is already in the bill
by the action of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Florida is to agree to the House
amendment. That supersedes the motion of the
Senator from Michigan, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. STUART. How can it? -
Mr. HUNTER. Either motion will close the
bill.
Mr. STUART. But if the Senate recedes from
its amendment, there is no point of disagreement
left.
Mr. HUNTER. But the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida would close the bill, and among
motions which close the bill, the first made is to
be first put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion of the Senator from Florida is in
order.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 3U; as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Ray.irri, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bught, Brown, Clmgman, Ciutenden, Douglas, Fitch,
Green, Gwm, Hammond, Hayne, Iver-son, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Kennedy, Mallory, Mat-on, R^id, Sebrwtian. Sim-
mons, Slideli, Thornton of New Jersey, and Wiisht—26.
NAYS—Messrs Brodenck, Chandler, Ciaik. Collarner,
l)avt-, Divon, Doohttle, Durkec, Fe^enderi, Fitap'Unck, j
Foot. Fos-ter, Hale, Hamlin, ITailan, Houston. Hunter^ )
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Pearce, Polk, Pugh, |
Rice. Seward, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and ;
WiNon—30. 1
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that the Senate
insist, on its disagreement to the House amend-
ment to their amendment in i elation to the sloops-
of-war, and also agree to the request of the House
for another conference; and insist on their other
amendments to which the House has disagreed,
if there be any such.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Pearce,
Mr. Thomson of New Jersey, and Mr. Foster,
were appointed the second committee of confer-
ence.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June,1859;and
An act making supplemental appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
30th June, 1859.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. YULEE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 558) making appropria-
tions for the transportation of the United States
mail by ocean steamers, and otherwise, during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, reported
that the committee were unable to ajjree. He
moved that the Senale furtherinsist on its amend-
ments, and ask for a further confercnoe.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Ham-
mond, Hale, and Mallory, were appointed the
committfe on the part of the Senate.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, afterwards announced
that the House insisted upon its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 558) making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail by ocean steam-
ers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1859, and agreed to the further
conference asked by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Daniel E. Sickles, Mr. Richard
Mott, and Mr. M. R. H. Garnett, managers
at the same on its part. A subsequent message
announced that Mr. John C. Kcnkel had been
appointed in the place of Mr. Mott.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 585) to establish cer-
tain post roads, to report it back with amend-
ments. I will state, as it may render unnecessary
the reading of all the amendments, that they are
simply the establishment of post routes, nothing
else, with the exception of this one amendment;
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be authorized to make such arrangments for the trant-por-
tauon of the great through mail1? between Portland and New
Orleans, as will insure the most speedy and certain con-
nection, including in the route for one of the daily mails, as
many of the sea-board commercial cities as may be consist-
ent with the greatest dispatch.
It is not a direction, only an authority.
Mr. HUNTER. Authority to do what?
Mr. YULEE. To provide for the speediest
transportation of the mails between Portland and
New Orleans.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The Chair hears no objection to the consideration
of this bill. It is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not mean to debate the
bill; I would not debate anything at this time of
the session. I merely say that, so far as I am
concerned, I will not vote for any new post route
bills, unless you raise the postage, so as to make
the Department self-sustaining.
The bill was reported to the Senate, the amend-
ments were concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The bill
'was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives^
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the second and third amend-
ments, and disagreed to the fourth amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 466) making
appropriations for the expenses of collecting the
revenue from customs, and agreed to the first
amendment of the Senate to the said bill, with an
amendment.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. HALE. I move that the select committee
on the Military Asylum have leave to report next
session. We do not ask any power to sit during
the recess, but we have not completed our inves-
tigations, and we want to report at the next ses-
sion/
Xne motion was agreed to.
INbTAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. There is one appropriation
bill on which the Senate will have to act, the In-
dian deficiency bill, and I now move that it be
taken up and disposed of.
The motion was agreed tofand the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
555) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
—ling June 30,1858; the question pending being
the following amendment of Mr. Houston:
i end
i'k/1
I W**
And be it further enacted, That the superintendent and
agents within the supermtendency of Texas shall be here-
altei appointed in the same manner as other superintend-
ents and agents are appointed and confinned ; and that the
Witchita agency is heteby attached to the supermtendcncy
of Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret exceedingly that
my voice is so much impaired by cold and hoarse-
ness that it will be impossible for me to do full
justice to this subject. 1 desiie to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas to it. The
other evening, understanding that he objected to
my amendment, I desired him to explain the rea-
sons for his opposition, in order that I might oc-
cupy as little time as possible in answering him.
I now repeat the request, and ask the Senator to
state the grounds of objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. On the invita-
tion of the Senator from Texas, I will state what
I understand to be the objection to the amendment
which he has offered; and as this is certainly no
occasion for long speeches, I will confine myself
as strictly as 1 can to the peiformance of that duty
with as few words as possible. The proposition
of the Senator^rom Texas is to take that ssction of
country which lies between the ninety-eighthand
