1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr, MALLGRY presented a petition of R. S.
Simpson, assistant surgeon in the Army, praying
compensation for professional services in the Uni-
ted States marine hospital at Key West; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the Senate joint
resolution (No. 4) to extend the operation of the
act, approved January 16,1857, entitled " An act
to amend an act entitled ' An act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy.' "
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
£H. R. No. 542) to authorize the vestry of Wash-
ington parish to take and inclose certain parts of
streets in Washington city, for the purpose of ex-
tending the Washington Cemetery, and for other
purposes, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Washing-
ton county, in the District of Columbia, reported
a bill (S. No. 31G) to alter and amend an act
entitled "An act conferring certain powers on
the levy court for the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia," approved 1st July,
1819; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from thS same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying that.an appropriation
may be.inade for improving Boundary street, in
Washington city, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am instructed, by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to report three bills for
the purpose of protecting the public archives in
California; for the prevention of frauds there; and
to obtain the testimony of witnesses within the
State of California by subpena, where they reside
in a different district from that in which suit is
brought. I am instructed, also, to ask for their
present consideration; because, if the bills are to
pass, they ought to be passed at once. I do not
think there can be objection to any of them. They
came from the Department to me, and have been
examined veiy carefully by the committee. I sub-
mitted them to the honorable Senators from Cal-
ifornia, and they are absolutely essential for the
prevention of fraud there, and also for the pro-
tection of the public archives, and for obtaining
some of them that are still outstanding. 1 hope
the Senate will agree to consider the bills at once,
as I do not think there can be any objection to
them.
The bill (S. No. 313) to amend an act entitled
" An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California;" the bill (S. No.
312) to provide for the collection and safe-keeping
of public archives in the State of California; and
the bill (S. No. 314) for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in land titles in California, were
severally read the first time by their titles, and
ordered to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bills will now be read a second time.
Mr. KING. Iam not willing that they shall
be considered until the reports are through with.
I want to make some reports.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senator from
New York will withdraw his objection.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to theircom-
ing up after the reports are through; but until
that is done, I think those who have reports to
make ought to he allowed to make tliem. I wish
to make afew,and after that, these bills may come
up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These bills cannot
now be read a second time, objection being made.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, to whom were re-
ferred seven petitions of officers of the militia of
the State of Rhode Island, praying that further
provision may be made for equipping the militia,
submitted an adverse report.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Daniel J.
Browne, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi- j
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. j
62) making appropriations for the support of the j
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th :
of June, 1859, reported it with an amendment. !
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions, <
to whom was referred the petition of Frances !
Cato, widow of Burrel Cato, reported adversely [
thereon. I
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the petition of Edward Merritt, re-
ported adversely thereon.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred so much of the Pres-
ident's message as relates to a uniform bankrupt t
law, and various memorials on the subject, have |
instructed me to report that they are unable to j
agree upon the terms of a bankrupt law, differing j
principally upon a cardinal question. Amajority !
of the committee are opposed to any law embody- }
ing the system of voluntary bankruptcy. They j
ask, therefore, to be discharged from the further ;
consideration of those memorials which have been !
presented for a relief law, as well as fiom the fur- i
ther consideration of so much of the President's j
message as relates to the subject. i
Mr. TOOMBS. The majority of the Judiciary
Committee have reported against it, but two of
the committee have concurred m the bill which I
hold in my hand. I report it as embodying the
views of the minority of the committee on the
subject; and I ask to have the bill printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
received by the Senate as the views of the minor- j
ity. The question of printing goes to the Com- j
mittee on Printing. j
Mr. GREEN. I object to its being received i
as the report of a bill from the minority of a com- i
mittee. :
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not the ,
form. i
Mr. GREEN. An individual Senator may in- ,
troduce a bill on leave, but the minority of a com- j
mittee is a nonentity. A committee is a unit, and ]
nothing but a majority of a committee can report
a bill. By the courtesy of the Senate sometimes the
views of a minority arc received; but to allow them
to come with the imposing character of a minor-
ity report, or a bill coming from a minority, is ]
what, in legislative pailance, I do not understand,
and I objcct to it. i
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to call the attention of:
the Chair to a slight mistake that 1 think he has 1
committed. The question of printing tins bill .
does not go to the Committee on Printing, for it ■
is a bill introduced. In reply to the gentleman j
from Missouri, who wishes to introduce some new j
customs and practices in the Senate, I will say
that the majority of the committee have reported ;
that they cannot agree upon the reference made to I
them. The minority, however, have agreed, and !
therefore I submit this bill in accordance with the I
uniform rule of the Senate at all times. I shall not j
go into the question of the unity and mdivisibil- I
ity of committees; butaccording to the established :
practice of the Senate, a minority can report by j
bill or otherwise, on all questions This has been ;
the uniform and unvarying practice as long as I ;
have sat here; and I believe very much longer. I
submit to the Chair that the biil must bo printed,
as a matter of course; it does not go io the Com- ;
mittee on Piinting. Certainly, the Senate can or-
der it to be printed. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make a statement. The Chair does notregard this (
bill strictly as a report from the committee. Re-
ports from standing committees of the Senate are
printed on motion; otherwise, the question of
printing them would go to the Committee on Print-
ing; but this bemga bill introduced by a Senator,
originating in Congress, will be printed without
a motion to that effect.
Mr. TOOMKS. I do notundeistand the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill being a
bill oiiginatingin Congress under the rule, will be
printed without going to the Committee on Print-
ing, but will not be printed as a report from a
standing committee of the Senate, according to
the view of the Chair. i
Mr. GREEN. The proposition which the Sen-
ator from Georgia makes is an individual propo-
sition. No notice of it has been given to the Sen-
ate, and any one Senator can object to it as an in-
dividual proposition of another Senator. It is not
the act of a committee. Now, if the Senator de-
sires us to waiver the rule for him as an individ-
ual, to introduce the bill, 1 am willing to waive it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not. I decline it being
waived by thegentleman. I say I claim the right
to present this bill as a minority report, in this
case, by the usage of the Senate. 1 will not ac-
cept a waiver from my committee; I will take the
judgment of the Chair and the Senate on the point.
Mr. GREEN. I deny his right to make a re-
port of a bill, which bill was never referred to
the committee. The subject of a bankrupt law
was referred to the committee. The bill which
has been sent to the desk was drawn by the Sen-
ator himself, I suppose; butno such bill was ever
referred to the committee, and hence he is not
reporting back a matter referred to the committee,
nor could he report it back. NotKing but the ma-
jority of the committee constitutes the committee.
All the restaie a nonentity, or a nullity, for legis-
lative purposes.
But, so far as the right of the minority of a com-
mittee is concerned, it has no right. What right
has a minority of the Senate, in a legislative point
of view ? the minority of the people, in a public
point of view? the minority of committees, with
reference to the rights of committees ? None what-
ever; and the Senator cannot evade the rule of the
Senate by saying; " I belong to a committee, and
claim the right, therefore, as one of a committee,
to introduce a bill contrary to the rules of the Sen-
ate." The rule of the Senate is, that no individual
shall introduce a bill without giving previous no-
tice; but that a committee may at any time report
a bill during the morning hour. Now, he is not
the committee. The committee report in a con-
trary direction. lie has not asked to waive the
rule requiring previous notice, and 1 therefore ob-
ject to his bill being received at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
the right of a minority of a committee to make a
report was somewhat discussed during the pend-
ency of the Kansas bill. The Chair gave the sub-
ject some investigation then, and came to the con-
clusion that a minority of a committee had not
a parliamentary right to make a report: but that,
according to the custom and usage of this body,
it had been usual to receive their views as the
views of the minority; and accordingly, when the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] proposed to
make a minority report from the Committee on
Territories, the Chair received it as the views of
the minority. The report of the committee, and
the views of the minority, were ordered to be
printed. In this particular case the question is
somewhat new; but it occurs to the Chair to be
proper that the views of the minority of the com-
mittee, as embodied in this paper, should be re-
ceived according to the usage and custom of the
Senate. The Chair does not consider it properly
as a report from a standing committee of the body.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Chair a
question. Does the Chair treat it as a bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. Was a bill committed to the
Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. GREEN. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. The subject was.
Mr. HUNTER. But no biil ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I do not understand
how a minority can report a bill.
Mr. GREEN. It cannot be done.
Mr. HUNTER. They can attain their object
by introducing a bill on leave, without referring
it; but I do not see how they can report a bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems to me a little extraor-
dinary that when a subject is referred to a com-
mittee, and two of the gentlemen composing the
committee have agreed to report a bill, they
should not be allowed to do so. Whether they
submit a bill or a written report, makes no differ-
ence in parliamentary law. The Senator from
Virginia says he does not see how they can re-
port a bill. How can they report anything else,
even their views as a minority ? The bill is their
report. One of my colleagues on the committee
and myself have agreed to report a bill in con-
formity to the reference which has been made to
us on the subject. I suppose it is unnecessary to
fugue the point unlessan appeal is taken from tho
decision of the Chair; but I will say that accord-
I ing to the uniform custom of the Senate, the bill
