1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2988
one hundredth degrees of west longitude, from the
southern Indian superintendency, and transfer it
to what is called theTexas supervisorship. Texas
has but few Indians of her own; this Government
owns no land there; there is no superintendency
there; but they have a principal agent and two
subordinates. The proposition is to take this sec-
tion of country from the southern superintend-
ency and place it under the-Texas supervisorship.
I will state briefly the objection to it, and then
submit the papers from the Department, which
can be read, and which will show to the Senate
the policy of the Government in this regard.
The country between the ninety-eighth and one
hundredth degrees of westlongitude is part of the
Choctaw country. Those Indians, we know, are
exceedingly jealous of their rights. This section
of country, it will be found by reading the treaty
of 1855, is actually subject to the laws of the Choc-
taw people. The Department think it bad policy
that a portion of that country, subject to the same
Indian laws, and belonging to the same Indian
tribe, should be placed under a distinct, perhaps
a hostile, certainly a rival supervisorship. The
Department think it would destroy unity in the
dec isions, it would he calculated to breed strife
on the borders, and it would, in all probability,
involve the Choctaws, for they would feel them-
selves at liberty, if their laws were violated, and
their rights invaded, to muster their own forces,
and march over and expel the Indians who did
not conform to their laws. The Department con-
sequently think that the whole country belonging
to the Choctaws should be continued in the south-
ern superintendency, and object to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Texas, that that portion
of it lying west of the ninety-eighth meridian of
longitude shall be placed under an altogether dif-
ferent supervision. I send to the Chair some
letters showing the views of the Indian bureau,
and I ask that they may be read as concluding all
the remarks I see any necessity for my making
on this subject at this time.
Department of the Interior, May 31, 1858.
Sir: I have tlie honor to acknowledge tlie icceiptoi your
letter of the 24th mutant requesting my opinion as to tlie
propriety of providing by law for the creation of a new In-
dian superintendency to embrace the Indians of Texas, and
those who may he located in the countiy we,>tof tlie ninvty-
eighth meridian leaded from the Choctaw^ and Chickasaws, j
and whether the creation of Midi a supeniuendency would
interfere with the rights of the Choctaws. and Clnckd«awrf, j
and lead to a conflict of jurisdiction. j
The subject was referred to the aclinc Commissioner of
Indian Affairs for examination and lepoit. Thi-s win fur-
nished on the 27th ni>tant, and a copy of the s-ame is here-
with inclosed.
Tlie Indian office is of opinion, for the reasons stated m
the report, tiiat it won'd be inexpedient to make any chance
"in ihe pieaeni organization of the southern .-iUpcrmtcndency, .
and m thi- I concur i
It will be seen fiom the report that there are ■but a small ,
number of these Indians on the reserves m Texas; and that j
there is a piobabihty that the.se will be icmoved The only j
Indians who may be considered as permanently located m |
Texas are tho-e ive-t of ihe Pecos ; and a bingle atr^nt will j
suffice for them. There i-s, therefore, no necessity for the j
cieation of a supeuntendeney in Texas. j
Neither can I perceive any good reason for dismembering I
the southern supeimtendeney, the boundaries of which ha\ e [
been so long established It i-* true that the wild tribes who |
commit depredations on the Texas frontiei pa^sthiough the i
territory leased from the Choctaws and Chieliasaws, and j
that their hostile incursions can be effectually checked only I
by the establishment of a military po*r and o^eney; but no ■
change m the organization of the Indian service i< nece-s- 1
&aiy to accomplish this teaiiit. In addition, there is a pen- j
itive objection, and a serious one, to the ptopo-ed tian&fer I
of jurisdiction The Choetaws have formallv protested j
agamst it; and it is easy to foresee that if the plan be car- !
lied out, much dissati-faction will be cieated. and vexatious i
dispute- will an^e to embairass the Department j
It is my opinion, therefore, that no action by Congress, j
of the character proposed, is required. i
Veiy lespectfully. your obedient >e$vai.t, !
J THOMPSON, Secretary. j
lion. A. B. Greenwood, Chairman of Indian Committee, j
House of Representatnes. . I
Department of the Interior,_ !
Office Ixdian Affairs, May '2'!, 185$ |
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, by !
refeience fiom you for a report thercon,ora letter from the j
chanirran of the Committee on Indian Affairs ui the Hou-c '
ot Ite presentatives, dated the 24th in«*tpp*. leijiHM'Rg: the ,
view- ot the Department on seveiai qii^uons gnn\ in« out !
of a bill now beloie the committee, by which, as I urniei- ;
stand, it is propo&cd to create jui additional lull snp:un-
teinh-ney of Indian affairs, to infmdothc Indian.- of Texas ^
and tho-e to be colonized within what is known as the j
leaded portion of the Cnoctaw and Cnicka^aw country, ly- :
ins between tie' ninety eighth and one Hundredth degrees
of wc-t loncru'i^
The iirM "article of the trefHv of June 22, IS.w, With the
Choctaws ami Chieka-aw*. d''iin<^ the b^unda. y of thei. ,
country, which extends weat between th i xvcd and Caim- ■
dian rivers, to the one hundredth degree of west longitude.
By tbe ninth article ofthat instrument, those Indians" lease
to the United States all that portion of their common terri-
tory wesTOf the ninety-eighth degree of west longitude for
the permanent settlement of the Witchita and such other
bands of Indians as tbe Government may desire to locate
thereon," with certaiu exceptions; " which Indians," it is
provided, " shall be subject to the exclusive control of the
United States, under such rules and regulations, not incon-
sistent with the rights and interests of the Choctaws and
Chickasaws, as may from time to time be prescribed by the
President for their government: Provided, however, That
the territory so leased shall remain open to settlement by
Choctaws and Chickasaws as heretofore."
It will thus be seen that the Choctaws and Chickasaws
made no cession of the district of countiy referred to, but
merely a lease thereof for a specific purpose. It still re-
mains a portion of their country, with the full right on their
part to occupy it, except so far as nnght interfere with the
carrying out of the proper and legitimate objeGts of this
lease, as expressed in the treaty. And by virtue of the
seventh article of the treaty, the Choctaw government and
laws extend over it in the «same manner and to tbe same
extent as over any other portion of the country within their
jurisdiction, except as to the Witchita and other Indians lo-
cated or to be locatcd there by the Government, which are
to be under the exclusive control of tlie United States. Such
Choctaws and Chickasaws as reside, or may hereafter re-
move mere must continue to be under the charge and supei-
vision of the agent for those tribes, and of course within the
present superintendency. To place the country or the In-
dians there within another superintendency, would be an
improper and unsuitable arrangement, that would lead to a
conflict of jurisdiction, and consequent embarrassment and
difficulty.
The Indians to be located within the leased country will
be in charge of tbe agent specially appointed for them j and,
to avoid conflict and embarrassment arising Iroin the juris-
diction ot the two agents extending over Indians within the
same tract of countiy, as well a^ to secure harmony, con-
cert of action, and a homogeneous policy, so far as neces-
sary, both agent" and the Indians in their charge should be
under the same superintendent.
It would cause great dissatisfaction among the Choctaws
and Clncka-saw-s. and be unjust to them, to sever and trans-
fer a portion of their countiy, and apply it to anothei, and,
to them, a foi eign jurisdiction ; and they have strongly pro-
tested, thiough then agent, against such an arrangement.
It would have the effect ot preventing then people troni
emigrating to the lea>ed countiy, and which the Govern-
ment rJiould cncourage to a pioper extent, a*, bring much
rnoie civilized, and disposed to encage in agncultural pur-
suits, they would sot a giod example to the wild Indians,
and otherwise aid m promoting their civilization and im-
provement.
It was from the foregoing and other considerations that
the Department finally refused, Lvt year, to place the
Witchita and other Indians located within the leaded por-
tion of the Choctaw and C1incka-aw countiy, tosethei with
their agent, under til'1 jurisdiction of the supervising agent
m Texas. Fuitiler lefleetion on the i-uhjcctbasonl> tended
to strengthen the views then enteitamed as to the impolicy
and impropriety of the measure.
Ciicumstatices beyond the. control of the Department pre-
vented the adoption la^t year of effective measure.-, for col-
lecting and loe-rting the Indians intended to be colonized
withm the countiy in question, though seasonable and
propes instructions were issued for the purpose. Further
attention will be given to ihe subject, and <uch proceedings
leijuued to be adopted a*, it is hoped, will lead to the ac-
complishment ot the object at an early day, so far as it may
prove to be practicable.
With respect to the creation of another superintendency
for the Indians m Texas, it is not deemed at all necessary.
The present airang'unent ot three agents, one of whom,
called the supervising agent, id invested with all tbe essen-
tial powers and junsdiction of a superintendent, and \s ith
an adequate salary, is icgardcd as amply sufficient for the
control and management of the limited nunmei of Indians
in that State. Tln-re arp now two reseirations, about tiny
miles apait, upon which some fifteen hundred Indians have
been colonized ; and the establishment ot a thud, west of
the Pecos river, has been recommended. In view ot* the
proximity of the former, and the limited number of Indians
upon them, if is believed that one agent tor them would be
sufficient; and should the^e ledums be removed to, and
colonized wifhm. the tia'j* of cmnti" h-psed of the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws—a infanto which is deemed to he
practicable—a snide agent for the remaining Indians of
Tc\as would be all that would probably be necessary.
Verv ie-oeetfu!lv, jour obedient «epTant.
CHARLES E. MIX,
*/hfuis. Cumiuisiioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope, Air. President,'7n
the present condition of my voice, there may be
somethinglike order maintained in the Senate, so
that I may be heard by Senators in behalf of Tex-
as. I believe her security, the preservation of
her peace, and the salvation of tlie lives of her
citizens are involved m this question. It is no
matter of speculation on the part of Texas; it is
no desire of her Senator on this floor to occupy,
unnecessarily, a moment of the time of the Sen-
ate; but I do it in maintenance of her rights, and
that justice may be done and the laws carried out.
The section of country to which the Senator from
Arkansas has referred, and to which these papers
relate, lying between the ninety-eighth and one
hundredth degrees of west longitude, was ac-
quired from the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians
for the express purpose of colonizing and placing
on it the wild Indians within a certain district of
country, confining them to reservations, with-
drawing them from their predatory habits, and
civilizing and humanizing them as fast as possi-
ble- For that reason this land was acquired, at
a cost of not less than $800,000; $600,000 of the
money was given to the Choctaws for their-in-
terest in it, and $200,000 to the Chickasaws, in
proportion to the population of the respective na-
tions. This tract of country was intended to be
settled on by the Indians for the purpose of civ-
ihzing them, of restraining them, of controlling
them, and of giving protection to the inhabitants
of Texas. Ever since the third year after the
annexation ofthat State to this Union, we have
heard of an almost uninterrupted series of mas-
sacres, of murders, of robberies, and they con-
tinue unarrested until the present moment. It
became the duty and the desire of Texas to call
for some protection against the wild and preda-
tory bands of Indians that infest her northern
border. She has annoyance enough for the dis-
tance of six or eight hundred miles from Indians
who are immediately contiguous to her territory
and south of the Red river; but the Kioways and1
Camanches are roaming over the country north
of the Red river, and they rpake predatory excur-
sions on us whenever it suits their convenience.
They find a market in Kansas for the horses
which they steal from us. This reserve is two
degrees, or one hundred and twenty miles, in '
width. There is no fortress within it. The In-
dians find an uninterrupted resort to it,and they
are permitted to issue forth, after organizing the
lawless portions of each band of the northern
tribes, to make a raid upon Texas. Have we any
j protection against it? None on earth. You tell
' me you have plenty of regular troops there—very
regular; regular in doing us no good, giving us
no protection, pursuing no Indians, and prevent-
ing the incursions of none. This is the way Tex-
as is protected; and if a claim is brought here for
money paid out for purposes of defense, it is ruled
out of order in the Senate, or the Secretary of
War says that there was no occasion for it, be-
cause tlie regular troops were in that country, and
therefore he does not recommend that Texas be
refunded the money she has paid out to* protect
her defenseless frontiers. That is the situation
of Texas at this moment, and it is to arrest such
evils in future that I now advocate this amend-
ment as indispensable to her future security. -
This tract of country was acquired for the pur-
pose of colonization, from the Choctaws and
Chickasaws. Did they not know for what it was
they gave a perpetual lease upon it—for ninety-
nine years, 1 believe? Their inhabitants may set-
tle upon it if they choose to do so, under regula-
tionsthatthe President of the United States may
establish there, not reserving any national or
tribal right to it whatever; but they may go and
settle on it, subject to the regulations which the
President of the United States may make. Texas
has no sovereignty there, and no claim to the soil;
she has unconditionally ceded it, merely reserv-
ing to her citizens who choose to locate there, the
right of settlement. The Choctaws have not pro-
tested against my proposition, though their agent
has. What good does it do him ? I should like
to know what connection he has with Texas.
This tract of country lies upon our borders, and
an ideal line is all that separates us,and for many
miles upon its south and its west, it is bordered
?6y Texas. «k is one hundred and fifty or two
hundred miles fiom the Choctaw agent, and it is
some forty miles from Fort Arbuckle. Is the fort
any protection to it? No; but it is a fact conceded
in the Department, that the Indians from the north,
making incursions upon Texas, do pas^ through
this reserved territory and make their inroads
upon Texas. But, sir, the Choctaw agent is a
great man, I suppose; I have not the honor of his
acquaintance; but we know that if yoa give a lit-
tle power to an individual, and there is any show
or display about it, he is very reluctant to yield it
up. It curtails his dominion that he has never
seen; it appropriates it to a useful purpose—the
protection of Texas; but an agent, perhaps, would
come within a hundred miles of him and settle,
and then there would be somebody to contrast
and compare with him, and if we get the one
there that we want, I do not know that he will
make by the comparison, but I am sure the other •
will lose nothing. I mean no ieflection on the
gentleman: I foitunately do not know him; but
