1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
870
it will be extremely unwise not to prepare for
either one of those contingencies.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I was en-
titled to the floor this morning on the subject
before the Senate. I do not know but that it would
be respectful and proper, as it is now four o 'clock,
to move an adjournment until to-morrow. If I
thought the Senate desired it, I would do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I think the gen-
eral disposition of the Senate is to take the vote
on this bill before we adjourn. I think a month
has been long enough for its consideration. I
believe we all understand it. Those of us who
wanted to speak have had an opportunity of
making five or six speeches apiece, and I think
we are ready to vote. I do not believe all the
talking we can do will change any gentleman's
opinion. I think we ought to sit out the bill. I
do not know any other way of stopping the in-
terminable debate, than sitting it out; and I am
prepared to-do it until to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. Inasmuch as I have paired
off' with a gentleman who is indisposed and wished
to leave the Senate, it will make no difference to
me whether you go on with the bill now or not.
I do not intend to speak long, and I am content
to proceed now.
Mr. President, I believe the subject has assumed
rather a new phase, and that this is now under-
stood to be a proposition to increase the regular
Army permanently, by this addition to the present
peace establishment of the standing Army. If I
apprehend1 the views of some gentlemen, I think
I am right in saying so. The honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] challenges any gentle-
man to say that certain contingencies are not
probably to result to Mexico in her present con-
dition; and he says that, we being her immediate
neighbor, it is necessary for us to be prepared for
those contingencies. I will not undertake to re-
fute his prediction on that subject, but I will add
another to it—that if difficulties do arise, they will
never be adjusted by the regular Army of the
United Statesv but will be, as they have always
been done, by volunteers.
I am not disposed to controvert anything he
has said in relation to that point, but I deny the
principle upon which he proceeds. As for the
signification of those indications in the northern
portion of Mexico, I think I understand them per-
haps as well as most persons, that being rather in
the neighborhood of my home. The fact is this:
patronage and spoils in Mexico are divided dif-
ferently from what they are in the United States;
and when a man with some influence, eithermd-
itary or civic, in the northern States of Mexico,
or indeed in any of the States, thinks that it is ne-
cessary to replenish his coffers, he issues his pro-
nunciamiento, makes a fuss, robs for a while, and
threatens the Federal Government. They want
peace, because they know their imbecility and
powerless condition; and the consequence is, that
after some fiilibustering of this character, a propo-
sition is made to this leaderor chieftain, and it re-
sults in a purchase of him by the Federal Gov-
ernment, and then the whole revolution is at an
end. Itis for the purpose of procuring a bid, and
levying black-mail on the Federal Government,
that these revolutions take place. They have no
ulterior design as to the establishment of a per-
manent confederacy in the northern States of
Mexico; but the purpose is what I have stated. I
apprehend no danger resulting from our vicinity
to Mexico, that would require the increase of our
regular Army.
I apprehend, as I have already stated upon the
subject, no danger from the military influence or
martial character of a regular army. It is the in-
doctrination of this Union with false sentiments
that I fear; and the political influences brought to
bear on the legislationandinstitutions of the coun-
try I wish to guard against, because, in proportion
as the Army is increased and persons of influence,
of family, or of wealth, obtain situations in it,
they exercise indirectly or directly an influence
on the legislation of the country not only in this
body but in the other branch of Congress. That
is what I am warring against, not that I would
not foster a military spirit to a certain extent, but
we are a nation of civilians, we are an agricultural,
we arc a farming, we are an independent people;
we know the value of liberty, and you cannot find
a man in possession of an estate but what knows
how to defend his liberty and is willing to do it as
a volunteer. But of what material will you com-
pose your regular army ? Of " cheap material."
I am not in favor of that cheap material. Is it that
you wish to send them out to Utah to get de-
stroyed ? Do you think it is a speculation on the
part of the nation to get that material because it
is cheap ? I am for economizing the public Treas-
ury of this nation, but I wish to do it on some
rational principles. I wish to do it by the em-
ployment of volunteers.
We are told that there is a costliness about vol-
unteers; that they are more expensive than reg-
ular soldiers. That may be true; but I doubt it.
At all events, volunteers are generally paid after
they render their service; regular troops are paid
in advance. Volunteers furnish their own horses,
if they are cavalry or dragoons, and they are paid
for after they have performed the deed. But, in
advance of the organization of the regular corps,
the United States purchase and pay for the cav-
alry and dragoon horses that they use. There
is the difference. You can make any calculation,
show anything you please from the War Depart-
ment, if there is a desire on the part of the Gov-
ernment to increase the regular Army; but they
do not stand investigation when you come to test
them. Would three thousand volunteers, em-
ployed for one or two years, cost more than the
same number of men added to the regular Army
for five, ten, or any number of years? It is said
that each regiment costs about a million a year.
Suppose volunteers should cost two millions a
year, and you keep them but two years m the
field: the expense would be four millions. If
you were to keep the same number of regular
troops four years in the field, besides fastening
them on the country as a perpetual expense, you
would exhaust the same amount of the public
Treasury.
- I do not believe, notwithstanding all the calcu-
lations that have been made, that volunteer troops
arc more expensive than regulars. I could show
this by the celerity of volunteers. If there bean
emergency, such as is stated by gentlemen, how
is it to be met? Is it not by present action ? Is
it not to be promptly done ? Are we to protract
the war from year to year ? Are we to take more
than a year to fill up these three regiments, and
are all operations to remain suspended until we
raise this additional force ? If it is necessary,If
this is the purpose, you cannot move those already
advancing on Utah. They must be supplied
there; each ration will cost at least a dollar, and
the expense of each man there, instead of being
f 1,000 or $1,500, according to the estimate made,
will amount to $2,000, at the rate at which pro-
visions will have to be supplied there. I cannot,
for the life of me, see what advantage is to result
to the Government, on the score of economy, by
taking regulars instead of volunteers.
The troops that will volunteer their services
will be healthy, active, efficient men, of suitable
age and connections for the benefit of the country.
I would infinitely prefer them to men who have
been unaccustomed to toil or exercise, or frontier
service, such as you would recruit for the regular
Army. Men who have been reared in houses,
who have had comforts around them, who have
hardly ever been exposed to a blighting wind or
shower in their lives, are not to be compared in
efficiency, for such service as this, to men who
have been reared on the frontier, and who under-
stand border life and know something of Indian
character.
I cannot, I will not, assent to the allegation that
regulars are cheaper than volunteers, or that when
inthefield they are more efficient than volunteers.
You need not tell me that, if you give volunteers
the requisite implements, they will not march up
in column or in line with their bayonets as well
as regulars, and that they will not meet veteran
troops as well as regulars. Wherever the Amer-
ican militia have been brought into a charge, they
have never been repelled by regulars unless they
were aided by a teeming shower of artillery balls.
I believe you can charge as well with volunteers
as with any troops on earth. How did they ac-
quit themselves at Monterey, under a most gall-
ing fire of artillery? How did they ascend the
heights of the Bishop's Palace, at Monterey?
Howdid they act at Buena Vista? Hosvdidtliey
act at Cerro Gordo? There they were driven back
by a fire of artillery, and not in a hand-to-hand
encounter, with bayonets crossed. I deny that
they ate not as good as regulars. I say thatthey
have an aptitude for a charge, for a conflict of the
most deadly character, and they can be prepared
for it in half the time regulars can be, because,
they are half drilled when they go into service.
I think I may safely say that they can be drilled
in the platoon, the company, the battalion, and
the regimental or field evolutions, in half the time
that regular raw recruits can be.
If you want efficient troops, yott must take vol-
unteers. If you want the true national reliance in
time of need and emergency,"you,.must take vol-
unteers. If you wish to carry on this war imme-
diately, and to an effectual termination, you will
have to take volunteers. If you wish to save the
Treasury of the United States, you must take
volunteers. If you have a higher and holier object,
to preserve the institutions of this country, you
must rely on volunteers at last.
The framers of the Constitution thought that
they were the description of troops that were- to
stand for the defense of the country. I have no
quotations to make from the various bills of rights
of the States, which declare that standing armies
are dangerous in time of peace, but I will simply
read one short paragraph from the Constitution
of the United States. In the enumeration of the
powers of Congress, I find that authority is con-
ferred—
"To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of tile Union, suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sions."
This excludes the idea of a standing army for
such purposes. One cause of the great convul-
sion which separated us from the mother coun-
try was the billeting or stationing of troops on
private families without their consent. That was
one of the most odious features of that phase of
things that menaced our liberties, and it grated
on the ideas of the freemen of this country. This
provision was made in the Constitution on the
supposition that none but the militia would be
neccssary for these purposes; that in any emer-
gency there was not to be a standing army to be
called out; and that that odious feature of despot-
ism would^iot be obtruded before the public eye.
It was not intended to use a standing army com-
posed of mercenaries, of men of other countries,
picked up at random, to operate upon the citizens
of this country. No, sir; it was supposed-thatif
the American people had to be subdued, it would
be done by their peers, whose presence would
rebuke them for insubordination or insurrection;
and not by a regular force made up of mercenaries
whose only resource was their employment in th
Army, and who had none of the endearments of
life to fall back upon when they had executed the
orders of their officers.
This is the spirit in which the Constitution was
framed. These were the feelings that animated
its authors, who declared their open detestation
of anything like the employment of a Federal
force to control citizens, and reduce them to sub-
ordination to the laws. Therefore, sir, I am op-
posed to the increase of the regular Army; and
if it is intended for the Mormons, I tell you that
we cannot wait two years to raise troops to sub-
due them. If they have to be subdued—and God
forfend us from such a result—and the valley of
Salt Lake is to be ensanguined with the blood of
American citizens, I think it will be one of the
most fearful calamities that has befallen this coun-
try, from its inception to the present moment. " I
deprecate it as an intolerable evil. _ I am satisfied
that the Executive has not had the information he
ought to have had on this subject before making
such a movement as he has directed to be made.
I am convinced that facts have been concealed
from him. I think his wisdom and patriotism
should have dictated the propriety of ascertaining,
in the first place, whether the people of Utah were
willing to submit to the authority of the United
States" Why not send to them men to whom they
could unbosom themselves, and see whether they
would say, " we are ready to submit to the au-
thorities of the United States, if you send to us
honest men and gentlemen, whose morals, whose
wisdom, and whose character, comport with the
high station they fill; we will surrender to them;
we will give up our authority, and act in obedi-
ence to the laws of the United States." If this
course had been taken by the Executive, I am sure
he would never have recommended war; and if the
facts had been before the Secretary of War, 1 am
