1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
is before it from two of the committee. We claim
no other sanction for it than that two of the com-
mittee to whom the subject was referred, have re-
ported by bill.
Mr. GREEN. Forth e purpose of getting uni-
form practice I will take an appeal, because I
want this question settled that we may know
whether a minority can report against a majority.
Mr. PUGH. Perhaps we do not want an ap-
peal. Let us understand the ground of the de-
cision.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me,
I understand the Chair to have decided that this
paper can be received by the Chair only as the
views of the minority of the committee, by the
courtesy and usage of the Senate. Well, 1 pre-
sume there is no appeal from that.
.Mr. GREEN. If that is the case, there is no
bill pending.
Mr. MASON. If it is proper, I would submit
to the Chair the inquiry whether the paper, as I
understand it to be in the form of a bill, will be
received by the Chair as a bill, technicallyspeak-
ing:, and go upon the Calendar ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. MASON. Then there is no bill at all.
Mr. GREEN. If it is not received as a bill, I
have no objection to the decision, and I will not
appeal. If the paper does not go oil the Calen-
dar as a bill, very well.
Mr. TOOMBS. Where does it go?
Mr. GREEN. On the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that he did not consider this a report from a stand-
ing committee of the Senate, but he did not say
that a minority of the committee might not pre-
sent their views.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that it be printed.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia moves that this paper be printed. If ob-
jected to by any Senator, it must lie over.
Mr. GREEN. If objected to, the motion must
go to the Committee on Printing, because it is to l
print a paper which is merely the views of a mi- j
nority, and does not go on the Calendar as a !
bill.
Mr. PUGIi. I concur with the suggestion of I
the Senator from Virginia, and I was about to pro- '
pound the same inquiry when he interposed. I I
consider this papei as expressing the views of the |
minority, but I do not consider it a bill. I do not i
see how it can be read as a bill unless the Senator
from Georgia brings it in individually as a 1ml;
but I do not undeistand that the motion to print ;
it must go to the Committee on Printing. We j
have heretofoie printed the views of the majority !
and minority of a committee on an ordmaiy mo- 1
tion without a reference to the Printing Commit- j
tee This paper expresses the views of two mem- j
bers of the Committee on the Judiciary in the [
form of an enactment. It is no bill; we can never i
vote on it; nor can it be read, as I understand the
decision of the Chair. The difilrenee between I
tins and the ordinary case where the views of a
minority are presented, is, instead of giving us
the argument on the subject, they have given us
the form of an enactment. If it is to be received
asabill, I hope it will be printed, and in that case
it will be printed anyhow; for if it is to come be-
fore us 1 intend to propose an amendment to strike
out the voluntary clauses of the bill, and make it
an involuntary bankruptcy.
Mr. BELL. Certainly, regularly it cannot be
asked to be printed, but I hope it will be printed
by unanimous consent. If other gentlemen feel
any interest or curiosity to know what it is, I hope
they will waive all objection to the punting, and
the bill can be introduced, on leave, to-morrow
morning. I hope there will be no objection to its
being printed. It is not a bill on the Calendar. It
can only be considered as expressive of the views
of those two gentlemen on the committee. If
there is no objection, I move that it be printed.
Mr. GREEN. There is objection.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope we shall dispose of this
question.
Mr. STUART. It is disposed of.
Mr. BIGLER.. No; it is not yet disposed of.
It is a very important question. I am bound to
difierentirely from the Senator from Georgia, and
I think the body will see in a very few minutes
ihat a step of this kind will lead to endless con-
fusion. The other day we discussed a resolution
proposing to instruct the Committee on Commerce
to report a particular bill. Now, sir, if a minority
of one or two on a committee have the right,
against the will of a majority, to report bills and
put them on the Calendar, where are we to stop?
We destroy the entire system of business. It is
the right of a majority to report on the subject-
matter referred to the committee, and the minority
to present their views, if they see proper; but if
you allow a minority of one or two members on
a committee to report a bill, and put it on the
Calendar for the action of the body, you take
from the majority the entire control. My friend
fiom Maine [Mr. Hamlih] can report from the
Committee on Commerce bills in every one of
those instances, for the improvement of rivers and
narbors, under this ds oision. Now, if this be a
minority repoit, let it be printed as such, but not
as a bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It appears to me that this
discussion is really upon a very minute point.
The majority of the committee have reported upon
the subject of the introduction of a bankrupt law.
The majority have reported that they have been
unable to agree upon the details of a bill, and
therefore ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject. The minority of the
committee has agreed upon the details of a bill.
That minority has framed a bill and brought it
into the Senate. Now, if tiiere is any objection
to that, founded upon parliamentary law, J desire
to put an end to it by giving nonce that I shall in-
troduce the bill to-morrow morning. [*: Very
well."]
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator desires it, I will
waive my objection and allow the bill to be intro-
duced to-day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am much obliged to the
Senator, and will accept lus courtesy, and intro-
duce it now.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill to establish a uniform law on the
subject of bankruptcies throughout the United
States; and it was read twice by its title, and or-
dered to be printed. ;
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a ruction to
print two thousand extra copios of the bill pre-
sented by the Senator from Louisiana. We have
calls for it all over the country, and the press
ought to be supplied.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. That must go to the
Committee on Printing under the rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope my motion will be re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unanimous
consent of the Senate, that order may be made.
Is there any objection. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. POLK. I would not object to that, if I
were convinced that there was any necessity for
such a large number.
Mr. HAMLIN. That will not half supply the
press, and the cost is comparatively trifling.
Mr. POLK. I suppose, then, the applications
must come from the State of Maine. I do not
think that a great majority of the people in the
western States feel any interest in that matter, so
as to require copies of the bill. I will not object
to one thousand, but I think two thousand is too
many, and I see no necessity for printing that
number.
Mr. HAMLIN, I modify my motion so as to
say one thousand.
The motion was agreed to. j
OUTRAGES BY MEXICO. j
Mr. BENJA*MIN. I desire to submit the fol- 1
lowing resolution of inquiry, and ask for its im-
mediate adoption: 1
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re- ,
quoted to mrorm the Senate if any and what measmes have ■
been taken foi the pi otection of American commerce in the ,
ports of Mexico, dunng the p.e^cnt dt-Uacted condition 01
that coimttv ; and especially whethoi any and whatrneas- ,
ures have been taken tor obtaining iedies> for the recent ■
outiages on Amoucan vessels, committed in the port of ;
Tamp.co ; and 101 piotectmg sucii vessels against a repeti- ■
tion of such onnages. ^ |
Mr. President, this resolution is directed to '
some recent occurrences that have taken place in i,
the poit of Tampico, during the pending revolu- ]■
tionary struggles in Mexico, and which seem to
me to require some prompt action on the part of h
our Government. I will ask the Secretary to read j!
two letters which have been addressed to me on i;
the subject, and which I send to the desk. They
will explain the nature of some of these outrages,.
The Secretary read the following letters:
_ ^ Tampico, April}, 1838.
Dear Sirs : You will certainly think it very strange thai
I should be here still 5 but unfortunate events have caused
the detention of my vessel in this river, as you will perceive
by the following narration: I arrived at this port on 28th
1- ebruary last; and owing to the state of siege ot" this city
by Garza's troops, all the " cargadories" (stevedore) and
canoe-men were taken up for soldiers. I had to engage any
kind of men to discharge the vessel, taking ten days to do
this work. On the IO1I1 of March I began to load ballast of
stone coal, (sold to me by General Moieno at an equal price
as stone coal,) and on the morning of the 13th finished and
got dispatched from the custom-house, shipped the money
and some fruit. Owing to head winds, I was notable to go
down the river until Tuesday, the J6th March, when about
a mue below the city a fort of Garza's fired two cannon
shot, which passed near the vessel. I diopped anchor,
stopped for the sea-breeze, and returned immediately to my
previous anchorage, came ashore, and protested before the
Ameucan consul, Mr. Chase, who sent onttoGarza a com-
munication asking the reasons tor firing into an American
vessel. lie an«\veicd that it was not at my schooner that the
shots were aimed, but at an armed launch that was above
me, (which was not so, as there was nothing before or be-
hind,) and that my schooner could proceed down to the bar,
and thence to sea, without being molested. On Saturday,
the -20th, I got under way again, and arrived at the bar 011
the tame day. X waited for the pilot n°xt morning, and all
day long, but no one came. On the &M, an officer of Garza
(Mr. Augustin Iguera, joimerly collector during Garza's
government here,) pnd me a visit, wishing to search the
vessel, which I refused openly, and told liini I would not
allow it under any circumstances; then he exacted the doc-
uments, arid I told him that I was legally dispatched from
the cu>tom-hou&e of Tampico, paid all theduti€3 there,and
desired to proceed to sea. lie answered then that the ves-
sel could not go out except E would pay the export duty on
all the money I had on board; that the proper custom-house
1-: at the bar, under the dnection of Mr. Garza, and not in
Tampico under Moicno I sent up immediately an express
to Mr. Chase, inibimmghim or all what happened on board,
and to protest in every way and manner. Captain Trems,
or the brig Statesen, amved off the bar on the 30th, and
came m on the same day. His vessel is detained there, and
th':y won't allow her to come up. They exact all the duties,
winch Oaptam T. has nothing to do with. lie has come up
this morning with me, and we both have presented ourselves
to Mr. Chase, and have done all that is required, and pro-
tested m full tor all damages, losses, &c.
Mr. Chase has requested me not to venture to go to sea
until this affair is settled, and particularly as Gaiza's em-
ployes do not allow the vessel to go out. Mr. C. has ordered
a man-of-war to come here, and very likely will arrive here
m a few days.
Excuse haste, and remain, dear sirs, yours very trulv,
JOSEPH SBISA.
Messrs. Barelli & Co., New Orleans.
Tampico, J3pril], 1858.
Dear Sir: By this opportunity! have only time to in-
foim you that your schooner, Virginia Antometa, Captain
Sbisn, after having been legally cleared from the custom-
house of this poir, got under way on the 18th ultimo for New
Orleans, but when sailing past one of Garza's batteries, two
cannon shot were tired at that vessel, though she had her
national colors hoisted at hr r fore and main topmast bead3.
She then rotiaced her course to the anchorage off this
I city, and on receiving the captain's report, immediately
| dispatched a courier to Garza, with a copy of the captain's
j protest against the insult to our flag, and an official letter
1 which I addressed to that revolutionary chief. His answer
was vague and unsatisfaetoiy ; but he distinctly stated that
t'l*"1 Anvncan vessels in port might proceed to sea without
molestation. Accordingly Captain Sbtea proceeded to the
| bar, which is now m the hands of Garza, where a demand
1 was made of Captain Sbisa for double duties, both import
j and export, arid also double port charges, which was prop-
1 eily refused on the part of the captain, and hence the ves-
| sel is detained by an armed force under orders from Garza.
I By this conveyance I have written for a vessel of war. I
ti ust you will use your inlluence with our Government to
I send one herewith the least possible delay. Our city is
| cannonaded three times every day by Garza, and every shot
is directed on our pnvate dwelling*. Yesterday morning
one shot passed through the house of the French consul,
and he ami his lady narrowly escaped being killed. I passed
three sleepless days and nights, which renders it rather a
difficult ta«k to attend to the duties of my office.
[ remain, with much regard, vour most obedient ser-
vant, 'franklin chase.
J. A. Bakelli, Esq., New Orleans.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
JONAS p. LEVY.
Mr. IYERSON. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the decision of the Court
of Claims in the ease of Jonas P. Levy, have in-
structed me to report it back and ask that that
committee be discharged from its further consid-
eration; and that it be referred to the committee
on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that order will be made.
Mr. MASON. I object to the reference. My
recollection is that that memorial was before the
Committee on Foreign Relations at this session,
and they were discharged from its consideration,
and it was referred to the Committee on Claims.
