2984
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 12,
he has assumed to protest against this in the name
of the Choctaw nation. They are just as intelli-
gent as he is, and just as capable of protesting for
themselves £ but tiiey have not done it, and if they
had protested, they would have had no right to do
it. They have ceded this territory; j t is not theirs;
it is the nation's. It was intended to colonize the
Indians there; and for what purpose? That they
might be brought within the control of proper
# officers, and that Texas might be redeemed from
the suffering of many years. There are regular,
troops in Texas, hut there is no fortress in this
reserve. There is no society there for the officers;
they cannot have the elegantaccommodations that
are necessary for officials to enjoy with a hand-
some salary. There are no splendid mansions
there; no elegant society. They cannot go to halls
and parties; they cannot enjoy themselves at all.
It is not a country suitable for persons of taste !
How would you remunerate a man for the sacri-
fice of his amiability of disposition by giving him
$1,500 a year, or the like of that, to serve m such
a country? It is perfectly ridiculous, sir! You
cannot compensate a man of genius, taste, and re-
finement, for placing him away out there. Money
is not sufficient; but they are very willing to get
office, trusting to favoritism and such means as
will bring them into agreeable socicty.
Within the lastyearl think not less than twelve
hundred horses have been stolen from citizens of*
Texas and the reserve Indians. The trails have
been followed; they have gone into tins territory
to which we have our eyes directed, and in which
we wish to see the Indians located, and a regular
agency established. The reserve Indians are de-
nounced, because the reserve policy requires more
attention on the part of the agents, and they have
not so much leisure if they devote themselves to
it. The civilized Camanches on the reserves sent
out an expedition of their own; and they retook
no less than seventy horses, part of their own
ponies, many of them public horses, and orheis
belonging to the community surrounding the res-
ervation. They caught these horses in the pos-
session of two Spaniards and two wild Caman-
ches. They were striking through this region to
reach Kansas; for there is a maiket then1, and
with the civilized Indians bordering upon the
route. Gentlemen have told me that they have
seen horses which were taken from Texas sold
in Kansas as far up as Fort Leavenworth. You
must arrest this commerce, or Texas is to be the
constant prey of this system of horse-thieving-.
The Indians of the reserve, by Major Neighbors Js
permission, under the command of their sub*
agent, followed and overtook the horses with two
Spaniards and two Camanches. They thought it
was unnecessary to be put to the trouble of taking
care of all of them; and so they killed the Span-
iards and broughtin the Camanches, and reported
them to the agents. They said to the two wild
Indians that their rule was, before they came to
the reserve, to kill fellows for such offenses; and
they executed them. This may be feaiful to a
state of good morals; it partakes a little of the
lynching system; but I am not sure that it is not
a good frontier system in extreme cases. Not
long since, Captain Ford pursued the Indians who
had stolen some three hundred horses into the
very heart of this country purchased from the
Choctaws, and there overtook them. He had
underhim one hundred and two white men, Texas
rangers, called out by the State, unnecessary to
its protection; and he had one hundred and thirty
of the reserve Indians, who cultivate the soil, and
produce a superabundance for the sustentation of
themselves and their families. With these he at-
tacked about four hundred of the Camanches—
two to one in number. He killed seventy-six of
them and took seventeen prisoners, and retook
upwards of three hundred horses.
Tell me, sir, what millions you have expended
to support your regular Army since Texas has
been annexed to this Union, and that they ever
performed half the service to the frontier or made
reclamation for wrongs upon Texas equal to this.
We are charged with having so many troops quar-
tered upon us, and now there is to be a hesitancy
about granting the regiment of rangets. Texas
has to protect her own frontier after"?he generous
manifestation of her kindness to the United States
in granting reservations on which to locate In-
dians, prompted by feelings of humanity that she
might reclaim men who had betrayed her people,
I that she might show them the white path of peace,
i that their minds might become enlightened from
, culture and education, their habits refofeied, and
| they rendered useful and comfortable, and finally
J taught the greatest aspiration of intelligence, the
; conception of a God. She has given you this;
and what have the United States done? Have
] they responded, by exertion on their part; to meet
i the wishes and the object of Texas? Never. I
j will show you the feeling that exists on the part
1 of the representatives of this Government—offi-
! cers educated at public expense by the influence
of family and connections. They are the men
i who, when placed in official situation to render
! service to the country, forget the duty of a man as
j well as an officer, and treat the rights of Texas and
1 this Gnvernment with contempt. Major Neigh-
' bors, anterior to the annexation of Texas, had
; been an agent for years; he had traveled with the
, Indians; he was the first explorer that ever found
: a route directly from the settlements of Texas to
; El Paso. By traveling with the Indians and as-
i sociating with them after he was appointed agent,
! he had their confidence, and they took him where
! he found water and grass and everything neces-
, sary, and ho went on comfortably to El Paso by
a direct route, which our engineers failed in find-
> nig. The access now is easy, with everything
I necessary for the facilities of travel. For years
' befo.e annexation we had no bloodshed on our
, frontier: we had no troops stationed there—not a
, company; and the President himself had gone up
■ into the interior without a guard of a single man,
! met the hostile Indians, and treated with them,
t He had risked his life; he was willing to lay it
down to redeem his people and shield them from
, the uplifted tomahawk. He made peacc, and the
i Indians kept it; and not until after the admiius-
- tiation of Geneial Taylor came in andappointed
another agent in place of Major Neighbors, was
the peace disturbed; and even then for some time
peace was maintained on the frontier; but, the
agent not going amongst them, and their old con-
fidential friend being withdrawn, the Indians be-
! came hostile, and from that moment to the present
j they have been so. Ten thousand dollars, distrib-
i uted utider the administration of the Texas gov-
! ernment, satisfied the Indians, and kept peace
J from the Red river to the Rio Grande: every dol-
i lar was accounted for. Then there was some re-
1 spect for the suffering frontier; there was some
j sympathy for the Indian in his nomadic state;
; there was some respect for humanity, prospective
j as well as present. There were no salaries given
I by Texas for the elegant and refined tastes of gen-
i tlemen now-a-days. They were a rude people,
i but they were honest.
j There are two reserves, one called the Brazos
) reserve of four leagues; and about forty miles up
; the Brazos, along the base of th« mountains, is a
1 second reserve of two leagues, granted by Texas
t tothe United States for the occupation of the In-
| dians. At the upper agency there are about one
! hundrtd and fifty Indians, and at the lower agen-
cy, on the Brazos, about twelve hundred. At the
upper agency, being the most exposed situation,
there was a force, I think, of two companies, and
Captain Evans was in command. Not veiy long
ago, the agent wrote to him that theie was dan-
ger; that he was appiised by the fnendly In-
j dians, and those on the reserve, that the hostile
j Indians of the north meditated an attack upon
| them. What did he do ? I will show you pres-
i ently* In the mean time, Camp Cooper, which
\iajft] been located within the reserve, and not very
i tar from its center, was removed, by way of mak-
I nig a small trading transaction for the benefit of the
i Government. Camp Cooper wasremoved under a
i superior's order, from the land that was given by
i Texas to the United States, and taken about twelve
i miles off, by the circuitous route of tiie road; or
{ eight miles by a pathway from the reserve; taken
| to a private ranche, private property, wi:h the un-
I derstandmg that all the improveroentsmade there
J were to be occupied so long as the United States
; thought proper, and then they were to revert to
I the owner of the ranche. They had to haultim-
j ber some twenty miles to consummate that hand-
; some establishment that was to be made anew.
I Tnus the protection of the fort was withdrawn,
: not only from the Indians of the reserve, but from
. the inhabitants who were settling along the re-
serve, and taken out of the way in a westerly di-
rection not interposing between the inroads of the
Indians from the north at all. That ranche was
understood to belong to an officer, who had, per-
haps, economized sufficiently to purchase a tract
of land there, supposing it would aggrandize him
and make his prospects a little better. No doubt
the United States, after a while, will have a claim
for timber and spoliations upon bis property to
the amount of $150,000, and he will get it. If it
was only fifteen or twenty thousand of an honest
claim, he could not get it; but if it be $15(1,000, he
can afford to hire lobby members, and §150,000
would have some influence, while an honest de-
mand of $20,000 would be a contemptible thing
that would be kicked out of doors. What does
this intelligent gentleman say when he is written
to by Captain Leeper, an Indian agent? I will
let you see. Mr. Leeper wrote to the Army head
quarters, at San Antonio, protesting against the
removal of Fort Cooper from the reserve. The
answer he received was this:
Heapquarters, Department of Te^us,
San Antonio, Jlpril 14, 1856.
Sir : In reply to your communication of the 29th ultimo,
relative to the change of site for the mihtaiy post of Camp
Cooper, I am instructed by Colonel Wilson, the depaitment
commander, to reply that orders in rogaid to this matter
have been issued; and that should Agent Leeper feel in-
secure in remaining where he now is, lie can move the
agency to a position nearer to The new site for the post.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
KENNER GARRARD,
First Lieutenant Second Cavalry,
Jlctin* Jlssiitunt Adjutant General.
Majoi R. P. Neighbors. Supervising Agent Texas Indians,
Comanche %d%ency, Texas.
So the agency is to be broken up to suit a few
companies temporarily there, to stiit the taste of
officers who wish to benefit indi viduals by a trans-
] fer of the post. That is the spirit that actuates
these men. Why should they be accommodating
or just to Indian agents? They think the Indians
are dogs, and the agent's gradation is only a little
better than a dog. Any man who would respond
in such a manner to an officer of the Government
who would call on him for a necessary and useful
purpose, should have a pen dashed through his
name; and if I had power, he should not hold his
position a moment. I would rebuke him, and I
would never rescind my order of degradation.
The army complain then; that they are not going
to be a frontier police. A man who would act in
this manner is not lit to head a gang of scavengers
on this avenue. That would be elevation to the
man—much more than he deserves. What, taunt
an officer of the Government by sayins; " I will
do as I please; break up the Indians; disappoint
the objects of the Government; abandon the re-
serve; and if you want protection, go to th^ fort!"
Our rangeis have protected us, and the Govern-
ment owes us $80,000 forgiving protection to its
posts in Texas. Their regulars cannot protect
themselves, except by shutting their gates and
keeping the Indians out.
When it was reported that the Indians were
coming down in lar^e bodies, another appeal was
made. These Indians were the same that Ford
has lately whipped. They could not get a supply
of provisions for a long time. I do not know that
they wanted them, for their supplies are very pre-
carious until they reach Texas, and then they
help themselves out of the herds of Texas. This
Mr. Evans says to Mr. Leeper, that if the wild
Indians weie actually fighting on the reserve, and
he could get reliable information of the fact, he
would then send troops. If they were fighting,
and had twelve miles to send them, I should think
the fight would be over before they traversed the
twelve miles. Infantry march rather slowly, and
they would not be disposed to hasten much if
they expected a conflict with the Indians when
they got to the end of their journey. They would
be very apt to get lost, and find their way back
to the fort asrain. [Laughter.]
Sir, I desire the Texas agents to be made per-
manent, as other agents arc. They are now
special agents, and are not confnmed by the Sen-
ate, as otheragents arc. It is degrading them; it is
treating them as if you had given special favors to
them which they were not entitled to, not placing
them on a footing with other men occupying the
same relations to thetGovernment that they do.
That is one objectof my amendment. The other
object is, to have this reserve—which lies upon
our borders, which is on two sides surrounded
by our territory, which is separated only one
hundred and tea miles from our superintendency,
whereas it ia two hundred and fifty miles from
