THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
If the Committee on Claims wish to be discharged,
it-had better lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN. I presented the memorial, and
my recollection is that I had it referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MA SON. That committee was discharged,
and it was referred to the Committee on Claims.
I suppose it had better lie on the table.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. STUART,. I want that ease to go on the
Calendar, so that it will stand as an adverse re-
port from the Court of Claims. Then it will get
the action of the Senate. There ought to be some :
time when a case is ended. I have seen several
cases that have been handed about, referred to one
eommittee, and then to the court, and then again
to a committee here. It is a species of engineer-
ing by- which we shall never end anything; and
inasmuch as this case has been returned from the
Court of Claims, I desire it to go upon the Cal-
endar.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate. The Senator from Geor-
gia withdrew his motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I renew the motion with the
view to make an explanation. The claimant in
this case informed" me this morning that he had
presented a memorial to the Senate on this sub-
ject which had been referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and it was important that
the comnuttec should have the papers in the case
before them in order to a correct understanding
of the case; and therefore he desired me to have
the papers referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, which had before been referred to the
Committee on Claims. It is simply to give the
Committee on Foreign Relations an opportunity
of investigating the memorial which he had pre-
viously presented.
Mr. MASON. I will not object farther. Let
it go-
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Committee
on Claims be discharged fiom the further consid-
eration of the subject-, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate take up for
consideration the joint resolution reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of
the widow of Captain William Lewi?? Hcrndon.
If the Senate mean to do anything in that case,
it is time it should be done.
Mr. BRODER1CK. I have no objuction to the
consideration of that resolution, and i shall vote
for it when it comes up: but I ask the Senator to
give way for a few minutes, to permit the Sena-
ator from Delaware to take up the three bills he
reported this morning for California. They can
be considered and disposed of m a very few min-
utes. I believe they will give rise to no debate.
Mr. JEJAYARD. 1 hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will suffer these bills to be considered.
Iam in favor ofh is joint resolution; but these bills
are public matteis that icai'y ought to be passed.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw n.iy motion for the
present. I am always accommodating.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to U<ko up the bills I
reported tins morning.
The motion was agreed to; and rhe bill (S. No.
313) toamend an act entitled "An act to ascertain
and settle the private land claims in the State of
California," was read the second time, and con- i
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro- j
vides that if, in any case pending in the United 1
States district courts in California, on appeal from ;
the land commissioners, either party shall desire !
to examine a witness residing in any other district!
within that Stat*, or shall require the production ,
of any paper, written instrument, book, or docu- ,
mont,supposed to be in the possession of a witness j
residing in aootherdistrict, the court in which the j
case is pending, being satisfied, by affidavit or 1
otherwise, of the materiality of such witness, or <
of the production of such paper, written instru-
ment, book, or document, as evidence in the case,
may order the c'eik to issue a subpena, or a sub-
pena duces iccum, which shall run into any other :
district of California, and be served by the mar-
shal of either district, as the court may direct. j
The bill was repotted to the Senate without;
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third tune, and passed. i
The bill (S. No. 312) to provide for the collec-
tion and safe-keeping of public archives in the
State of California, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to make it the duty of the Secretary of the
Intetior to cause to be collected and deposited in
,the surveyor general's office in California, all offi-
cial documents, papers, instruments of writing,
archives, official seals, stamps, and dies, that may
be found in the unauthorized possession of any
individual, relating toand used in the administra-
tion of government and public affairs in the de-
partment of Upper California during the existence
of Mexican and Spanish authority there. It im-
poses heavy penalties on the concealment, pur-
loining, abstracting, and counterfeiting such pa-
pers or documents.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
The bill (S. No. 314) for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in land titles m California, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to make it a mis-
demeanor punishable by imprisonment and hard
labor for a term not less than three, nor more than
ten years, and a line not exceeding ten thousand
dollars, for any person to falsely make, alter, forge,
or counterfeit, or cause to be falsely made, altered,
forged, or counterfeited, or willingly to aid and
assist in falsely making, altering, forging, or coun-
terfeiting any petition, certificate, order, report,
decree, denouncement, concession, deed, patent,
confirmation, desciio, map, expediante, or part of
an expediante, or any title papers, or evidence of
right, claim, or title to lands, mines, or minerals
in California for the purpose of setting up or es-
tablishing against the United States any claim,
right, or title to lands, mines, or minerals m Cal-
ifornia. Any person who shall procure or assist
in procuring any such paper to be falsely dated,
or who shall sign his name to any such false pa-
per pui porting to sign itas the name of an officer,
or who shall present any such falsely-dated paper,
is to be subject to the same penalties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall notinteifere with the
special order to-day, but I ^ive notice that to-
morrow I shall move to take up the Military
Academy appropriation bill. It will not take
long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will first
bring the order of business to the attention of the
Senate. Yesterday, it was called to the attention
of the Chair that the joint resolution for the pre-
sentation of a medal to Commodore Hiram Paul-
ding was an older special order than the bill in
regard to fishing bounties. The Chair had an
impression on the subject, and said to the Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Foot] that he would look
into the matter by this morning. He has done
so, and finds that in January last the lesolution
of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
was, upon the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] postponed to, and made the
special orderfor, the same day and same hour with
the report^ resolutions, and bill, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. There have been one or
two discussions upon them since, and they have
been postponed. The Chair is satisfied, on an
examination of the subject, that the day having
passed to which they were last postponed, with-
out any action having been taken, they fall back
to their relative places on the Calendai, and that
the lesolution of the Senator from Wisconsin is
the oldest special order, and must now be called
up unless postponed by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. IIALE. For the purpose of tnkmg up a
little resolution which was laid osiue at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from California this morn-
ing, I move to postpone the special orders. If
the Senate mean to pass the joint resolution for
Mrs. Ilerndon, it is time they should do so. If
they mean to reject it, that should be known,
Mr. CLAY. I trust the special order will not
be postponed. If, however, that resolution will
not occupy any time of consequence, I shall not
object.
Mr. SEWARD. If it occupies time, we will let
it go over.
Mr. CLAY. If there is to be no debate on it,
I shall not object,
Several Senators. There will be no debate.
Mr. SEWARD. We do not mean to interfere
with your special order.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
COMMANDER HERNDON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,'
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. No.
32J) for the benefit of the widow of Commander
William Lewis Herndon, United States Navy;
which is in these words:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repi esentalives of
the United Siulcs of Jlmarica in Congress asscrnhleJ, That
Con'jfic^s entertain a liig'.i sense of the devotion to duty, the'
coomc--s, courage, and conduct of Commander William
Lewis FJomdon, United Stales Navy, in command of the
steumci Central Anj^riea, at sea during the provuicnce of
a Iiuinca'ie on {ho }2!i« of September, J857; ami that th£
widow of me t-aid William Lewis Ilerndon be entitled to
recnvo, <>ut of any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise
appropriated, a suiii equal to three years'lull sca-seivice*
pay of a commander m the Navy.
Mr. IVERSON. I had intended, when this
resolution was presented before, to debate it at
some length; but, since that, appeals have been
made to me from such a quarter as have induced
me to waive any elaborate investigation or objec-
tion to the proposition. I shall simply content
myself with saying that, according to my notions
of the Constitution and the powers which are con-
ferred upon this Government by the Constitution,
the Congress of the United States has no more
right to take $7,500 out of the Tieasury, and
make a naked, unconditional gift of that amount
to this lady, however high her merits may be, or
however strongly upon the gratitude of the coun-
try her husband may have had claims, than it has
to take the same amount of money out of the
Treasury, and put it in the bottom of the river
that iuns near us. That is my idea of the con-
stitutional power of Congress; and I could not
vote for a proposition of this sort, making this
naked and unconditional grant, according to my
notions of constitutional power, without inflicting
on my conscience the stain and sting of perjury.
Other gentlemen doubtless entertain different views
in relation to the constitutional power of Con-
gress, and therefore will vote for the resolution.
1 shall not go into any lengthy discussion of the
subject. If I were to do so, I could, 1 think, pre-
sent views which would justify me, and others
who believe with me, m resisting the passage of
the lesolution. Still, I will forbear under the pe-
culiar circumstances of the case. 1 rose merely
to express my dissent from the proposition, and
to ask that the yeas and nays may be taken on
the final passage of this resolution, in order that
I may put my negative upon the record.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third tune; and the ques-
tion was stated to be, Snail the resolution pass?
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SEIDELL. As lam a member of the Naval
Committee that reported this resolution, and shall
vote against its passage, I wtt>h to state, vei y biief-
ly, my reasons. Captain Herndon, no doubt, be-
haved very gallantly on the occasion of the loss
of the Central America, in a manner to excite the
admiration of the whole people of tin.- Dm led States;
and if there were any precedent for extending this
bounty to his widow, I should very cheerfully
vote for it. She enjoys now a pension—I do not
know how much—commensurate with his grade
in the Navy.
Mr. POLK. Can the Senator state how much
it is ?
Mr. SL1DELL. Pe rhaps the clmirmr.il of the
committee can state.
Mr. MALLORY. About three hundred dol-
lars a year,I think.
Mi. SLIDELL. I am discharging now a very
painful duty, one extremely unpleasant to me;
but, being a member of the committee, I think it
right to atve my reasons for nut supporting the
report. The greatest extent to which the Ejiatuity
of the Government has ever been extended to the
widows of officers who have perished in battle or
have been lost at sea, has been, I believe, one
year's pay. To that extent I should be prepared
to go now; but inasmuch as it is very much ex-
