874-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
sure be never would have made the recommend-
ation which he has submitted to us.
But, sir, there is never a pretext wanting here
when it is proposed to increase the regular Army,
so as to give promotion or to create new appoint-
ments. The Department had been for years
calling for additional regiments, and in 1855 we
grante&them. We got al6ng very well for many
years without them. Indian depredations have
not been diminished by the employment of those
four regiments. More depredations have been
committed since their organization, I believe, on
the Indians, and by the Indians on the white peo-
ple, than for five or six years previous. When-
ever it is considered necessary to increase the
Army, or to raise a disturbance, bad men will go
on the frontier, who expect to profit by such
things, or stimulated by such influences, and they
commit depredations on the Indians or on the
whites, so as to provoke a contest. Men have
been detected in Texas stealing horses and com-
mitting depredations, and running to the Indian
country for the purpose of inducing depredations
on the Indians, when they would profit by that,
or so to confuse the public mind that the people
could not tell whether the depredators were Indi-
ans or white horse thieves.
How does Texas stand in relation to the Army?
There are three thousand troops there, and we are
told Texasns complaining that she wants protec-
tion. It is not regular soldiers that she wants; she
has had three thousand of them there; they have
done no good; she does not wantthem; she wants
a regiment of rangers that she can rely upon ; she
docs not want a force that will be inert and inac-
tive until depredations are committed; and then,
when the people get to a fort at some distance and
give information that such and such depredations
nave been committed, some infantry, or perhaps
some dragoons or cavalry, are sent out on the
march; but by that time the Indians are far m ad-
vance of them. The troops march on; they do not
meet that portion of Indians who commuted the
depredations; but they come across others who are
hunting, unprepared for attack, without any hostile
designs or thievish intention towards tUe propeity
of the whitos,and slaughter them indiscriminately,
men, women, and children. That is the way in
which the frontier has been protected. Butif you
give to Texas one thousand rangers, they will
scour the frontier; they will bo continually mov-
ing; the war parties of the Indians or horse-thiev-
ing parties will not know when they are to fall on
them. These men are adepts; they know the coun-
try; they understand the necessity of guarding
the frontier, they have some sympathy with the
settlers; their friends are to be secured by their
exertions. They are men residing on the fron-
tier who go into this service; it is their interest to
give protection to the frontier; but those who are
sent there as regular troops may consult their con-
venience or their ignorance of Indian service, leav-
ing the people on the frontier to be butchered and
massacred.
That is the reason why I am opposed to any
force but rangers in Texas. I do not intend to
reflect on the troops of the United States, on the
officers, or the men who compose the rank and
file; but I am stating facts and history, that I
wish to be understood. Would that I could im-
press the Senate with the necessity of giving that
kind of force to Texas that is indispensable to
her protection. I want a force that will be use-
ful, and not one that will lock the door after the
horse is stolen. That is done now. As I said
before, Indians can pass within one mile, or half
a mile, or two hundred yards, of your forts, and
pass down inside of the line of the fortress, steal
horses, and return without danger, from forts some
fifty or sixty or two hundred miles apart. Do
you think they cannot pass and repass their guns
in perfect security ? No one can doubt it. You
do not give protection to the people now by your
Army. But if there were a thousand rangers con-
tinually on horseback, on animals accustomed to
tile range, and who require no forage, you would
find that country in a very different situation.
The horses used by the rangers are very different
from the line American horses, as we call them,
that have been pampered and reared and nursed
and fed extravagantly. They are inured from
their very birth to the time they aie taken info
the service, to subsist on grass. If they can find
that on the prairies they are always ready for
action. They do not become useless if they are
not fed, or forage is scarce. It is no calamity to
them, because their forage is every day where they
are.
I insist that Texas does not want regular troops.
If you will give her rangers you may withdraw
every one of the three thousand soldiers that have
been stationed there if you please, or you may
leave them to take care of the permanent forts
along the Rio Grande. You should leave artil-
lerists enough for the purpose of keeping the arms
and ordnance in order; but you may withdraw the
three thousand infrantry, cavalry, and dragoons,
and appropriate them to the necessities of the
Mormon war, or whatever service you please.
The more men you send to the Mormon war the
more you increase the difficulty. They have to
be fed. For some sixteen hundred miles you have
to transport provisions. The regiments sent there
have found Fort Bi idger and other places, as they
approached them, heaps of ashes. They will find
Salt Lake, if they ever reach it, a heap of ashes.
They will find that they will have to fight against
Russia and the Russians. Whoever goes there
will meet the fate of Napoleon's army when he
went to Moscow. Just as sure as we are now
standing in the Senate, these people, if they fight
at all, will fight desperately. They are defending
their homes. They are fighting to prevent the
execution of threats that have been made, which
touch their hearths and their families; and depend
upon it they will fight until every man perishes
before he surrenders. That is not, all. If they
do not choose to go into conflict immediately, they
will secure their women and children in the fast-
nesses of the mountains; they have provisions for
two years; and they will carry on a guerrilla war-
fare which will be most terrific to the troops you
send there. They will get no supplies there. You
will have to transport them all from Independence,
in Missouri. When the fire will consume it, there
will not be a spear of grass left that will not be
burnt.
In addition to that universal desolation, they
have eafions, they have ravines, and they have
turbulent rivers to crows. A hundred men on the
sides of those canons can roll down rocks enough
to keep the army engaged a week in gettmgthem
out. of the way, and there is no place to put them.
I am told by persons who have traversed it, that
the passway is a mere space between precipitous
and high mountains barely sufficient for the pass-
age of a wagon. In times of rain a little rivulet
courses its way through, and there they have made
a road of width sufficient for the passage of one
wagon only. How long would it take to throw
obstructions there that would render it impassable?
IIow long could they delay your army m that
way? and when they arrived at Salt £ake, ex-
hausted, worn down, without supplies and mu-
nitions, m what situation would they be to take
to the mountains and to pursue these men in their
fastnesses where ten men could resist a thousand ?
When the troops are in these canons the rocks
could be hurled clown on them; and itcould easily
be done, for they arc now in almost a quivering
condition, and the least exertion will cast them
down. With five hundred, or even fifty men, they
could destroy an army of ten thousand, if they
were in one of these gorges, and they chose to
hurl down the rocks upon the troops. I am told
there is a road for fifty miles which you have to
pass, that is very difficult under the most favor-
able circumstances. Then, after you strike the
margin of Salt Lake, there again is a precipitous
mountain of several hundred feet high and per-
pendicular, on which an enemy could stand "and
act.
But this is not all. The rivers are impassable
except by ferry-boats. Do you think the Mor-
mons will let the ferry-boats remain? Will they
not destroy them ? There are no means there of
making them; there is no suitable timber. How
are they to carry the army and the supplies
across? To reach Salt Lake City would require
a march of many days from where the army are
now, if tliey had no obstacles to encounter, no
impediments in their way, and no enemy to en-
counter. I received the other day from a very
intelligent Mormon whom I knew m Texas, and
a very respectable man he was, once I believe the
United States district attorney for Utah, a letter
| of seven pages. In that letter he takes acompre-
; hensive view of this subject. He protests most
solemnly that there never would have been the
least hostility to the authorities of the United
States if the President had sent respectable men
there. He says that Governor Brigham Young
has been anxious to get rid of the cares of office,
and would freely have surrendered it and acknowl-
edged the authority of the United States; but that
men have gone there, who have made threats
that they would hang them, and even threats of a
character that renders them more sensitive in re-
lation to their families, and that they expect noth-
ing but rapine and destruction to ensue on the
advent of those; troops if they should ever arrive
there.
I know not what course will be taken on this
subject. I hope it will be one of conciliation. As
for troops to conquer the Mormons, fifty thou-
sand would be as inefficient as two or thrj^sthou-
sand; and in proportion as you send troops in
that vast region, without supplies, and without
the hope of them,,with no means of subsistence
after a certain period, unless it is transported to
them, the greater will be your danger. Consider
the facilities these people have to cut off your
supplies. T say your men will never return, but
their bones will whiten the valley of Salt Lake. -
If war begins, the very moment one single drop
of blood is drawn, it will be the signal of exterm-
ination.
Mr. President, in my opinion, whether we are
to have a war with the Mormons or not, will de-
pend on the fact whether our troops advance or
riot. If they do not advance; if negotiations be
opened; if we understand what the Mormons are
really willing to do; that they are ready to acqui-
esce in the mandates of the Government, and ren-
der obcdience to the Constitution; if you will take
time to ascertain that, and not repudiate all idea
of peace, we may have peace. But so sure as the
troops advance, so sure they will be annihilated.
You may treble them, and you will only add to
the catastrophe, not diminish human suffering.
These people expect nothing but extermination,
or abuse more intolerable than even extermina-
tion would be, from your troops, and they will
oppose them.
We have a clear manifestation in a letter that
was read here the other day of the course proposed
to be taken by the commanding officer there,
against whom I wish to say nothing. I shall ani-
madvert, however, as I may think fit, on the cir-
cumstances that were there disclosed. I believe
I saw the letter; but I am not certain yet that I
fully comprehend it. An act of civility was ten-
dered by Brigham Young, and you might, if you
please, construe it, under the circumstances, rather
as an act of submission on his part. He sent salt to
the troops, understanding that it was scarce there,
and was selling at seven dollars a pint. As an act
of humanity, thinking at least that it could not be
regarded as discourteous, he sent a supply of salt
requisite for the relief of the encampment, intimat-
ing to the commander that he could pay for it, if
he would not accept of i't as a present. What was
the message the military officer sent him back? I
believe the substancc of it was that he would have
no intercourse with a rebel, and that when they
met they would fight. They will fight; and if
they fight, he will get miserably whipped. That
was a time to make peace with Brigham Young,
because there is something potent in salt. With
the Turk, who has similar habits and religion to
thp Mormons, it is the sacrament of perpetual
friendship. Why may not the Mormons have
incorporated that into their creed ? But, instead
of that, he sent him a taunt and defiance. Why
could he not have said: "I will accept it as a pres-
ent, or i will recompense you for it according to
its value? I would rather see Brigham Young; and
if he chooses to come to my encampment, I pledge
him the honor of an officer that he shall go away
unscathed if we come to no understanding; but if
he wishes to acknowledge the authority of the
United States, I am ready to receive that acknowl-
edgment; and if the Government of the United
States bids me, I will withdraw my troops." If
he had sent that message, H would have been
worthy of a magnanimous, generous soldier's
mind and heart. As it was, he sent a message I
would not have sent, and I do not think it is cal-
culated to conciliate Brigham Young. He is too
proud a man, I take it; a man of too much sense
to have sent such a message as that, after an act
of civility was tendered.
