1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$73
What is to be the consequence of that act ? We
must have supplies. I presume the troops have
cattle; and they must slaughter them in order to
have fresh supplies. They will be very fresh sup-
plies, indeed, if.they have no salt to use with
them. Placing men upon diet of that kind is cal-
culated to produce the most fatal of all epidemics
in the world—the cholera. Exposed in tents in
that inclement region at this season, I should not
be astonished if two thirds or three fourths of his
fbrces were swept off by cholera. Humanity
ought to hav£ induced him to accept the salt and
make a fair recompense for it, if he did not re-
ceive it as a courtesy; but an opposite course was
taken. If there be any disastrous consequences
resulting, his message was calculated to bring
them about.
Mr. President, I shall not longer occupy the
precious time of the Senate. My idea is, that vol-
unteers are the cheapestand most reliable troops,
because they have more physical energy and ac-
tivity; and, as a mass, more intelligence than reg-
ulars. Though their officers may not be as edu-
cated, yet the mass of the rank and file are of that
character that they embody the average intelli-
gence generally of the citizens of the United
States. They are, therefore, more efficient. They
will arrive at the scene of action before the regular
troops, that are contemplated in this bill, would
be half raised. They would be raised cheaper,
for you would take them at the instant; whereas,
years will roll round and incidental expenses will
accumulate before you obtain the regulars you
contemplate raising. If the Mormons are to be
conquered, volunteers can conquer them imme-
diately; the regulars, never.
Volunteers being the cheapest force, and my
principles being opposed to an increase of the reg-
ular Army, I shall vote for the proposition of the
Senator from Tennessee, which authorizes the
President, according to the contemplation of the
Constitution, to call out the militia in the char-
acter of volunteers for this service. They are ten-
dering their services. Let him accept them; let
him march them to the scene of action; and then
you will meet the contingency contemplated in the
Constitution of the country by using the militia
to suppress insurrection and rebellion; but if you
call out regulars, you get-outside of the Consti-
tution. 1 think it was not contemplated by the
spirit of the Constitution. lam perfectly satisfied
that volunteers who are taken from the militia are
the persons contemplated by the Haulers of the
Constitution to perform duties of this character.
It is said that regulars arc necessary to protect
the frontier. Did they protect the frontier of
Georgia in old times5 Have they protected the
frontier of Florida? Have they protected the fron-
tier of Texas? Have they "protected the frontier
of any portion of the United States on any occa-
sion, or given security to frontiers that would not
without their aid have been peaceful? I say not;
or if so, it is beyond my reading or historical
knowledge. Never have they done it. They can-
not in the nature of things do it, whilst Indians
have legs to ran or horses to ride. They cannot
do it, because Indians can go around their forts,
and unless there is continual vigilance kept up
along the border you cannot protect the frontiers
by regulars. There is no sense in saying that a
fortification gives protection to the people when
an Indian can go within a mile of it and pass down
and butcher the inhabitants. Then .you start and
run after the Indian, but he laughs at you. But if
you have rangers continually traveling from point
to point, the Indian will notitnow when he is to fall
in with them, or when they will coine across his
trail and puisue him and take present vengeance.
Do this, and you will protect the frontier. Take
away the regulars and employ them whore you
please. They may be useful, as I have said before,
in taking care of permanent fortifications and pre-
serving arms.
It is said, however, that discipline is to be main-
tained with a nucleus on which to form a regu-
lar Army in time of need. This amounts to de-
claring that you must have an adequate force for ;
all emergencies. I was astonished the other day j
to hear the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] !
say that certain massacres had taken placc be- !
cause there were no regular troops stationed at a i
particular point. I wonder, if they had been sta- j
tioned there and the Indians had gone around j
them, what they would have done. The theory '
{is that you must have regular troops enough to
jl meet every emergency that is called for. If the
ij difficulties contemplated in the speech of the Sen -
; ator from Indiana should arise, he imagines it
! will be necessary to have a forco of regulars on
i hand for the purposes he indicated. If you do
!■ that, you must have two or three hundred thou-
j' sand men, for that number might be employed
|, perchance. If England, Prance, and Russia, as
i I have heard it suggested, were all to combine
j: for the purpose of subjugating the United States,
Ji it would require three hundred thousand men,
j, perhaps, and you must raise these three hun-
ij dred thousand men to meet that contingency, for
S we do not know what will take place ! Some-
,i thing dreadful may happen, and we must have
ii regulars to put it down, and we must have a
/ standing Army?
I Sir, there is but one true army in the country,
i and that is the army of volunteers. There is but
| one class of men who, by the spirit of our msti-
i tutions, are imbued with that heart which will
I perpetuate our liberties when called into the field,
j and they are the volunteers. Whenever yon come
i to rely upon them, they will not deceive you;
J they will not desert. I hoard of a case where
| four hundred.regulars deserted from one station
| in a year—half the troops there. If you are to
| keep up the Army by replacing the four or five
; thousand who desert every year, it will be rather
! an expensive business. I think they will be more
j expensive than volunteers. Volunteers neverde-
I sert their banners. I am determined, while I live,
ii unless some emergency requires it, not to vote to \
j; increase the regular Army. While I occupy a :
place- on this floor, I will oppose the increase of !
II the regular Army. Thank God, my period of :
service here is drawing to a close, and 1 rejoice
at it, for it will relieve me of responsibility. In
1 the utterance of my opinions and sentiments m i
! private life, as an Ameiican citizen, if I shall be ;
i spared, and in the little cueie around my hearth, |
at least, I will inculcate the doctrine that a stand-
ing army is dangerous to liberty, and that volun-
teers are the true army of a Republic, and the j
only means of preserving its liberties. |
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The question .
is on the substitute proposed by the Senator from J
| Tennessee, in place of the original bill. j
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I see in the [
i last line of the seiynd section of the substitute j
I what [ expect is an omission in the printing, and, j
! perhaps, in the copy. I move, after the words ]
'• " shall be," to insert " appointed and" before the
| word "commissioned." It is merely a verbal
'• correction.
; The amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. IIRODERTCK. As a member of the Com-
1 mittee on Military Affairs, who has voted steadily
; with the friends of the original bill which was
| reported from the committee, I desire to state
| briefly why I shall not support the proposition
which has been introduced by the Senator from
| Virginia. When this question was first agitated
in the Military Committee, I was induced to give
my suppoi t to this measure on the infoimotion I
1 derived from the chairman, [Mr. Davis,] who is
j not now in his seat. I became committed to the
j bill, and have, as I have sa.d, voted steadily for
I it. I am free to confess, that if I had had the m-
| formation at that time that 1 now possess, I should
| not have voted for any increase of the Army. I
| am inclined to favor the proposition of the Sena- !
I tor from Tennessee, believing that if there is any j
| necessity for an increase of military force, it will
! be better to allow the President to call out Volun-
j teers. >
j 1 make this statement at this time that Senators I
| may understand why I have changed my position. I
! Without this explanation, some curiosity, which j
I I desire to satisfy, may be found in some minds ;
! in regard to the motives which induced it. I '
i therefore now state that I am opposed to the j
' proposition of the Senator from Virginia, and that!
1 shall vote for that of the Senator from Tonnes- J
\ see. i
\ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am in hopes;
| that, before the question is taken, the substitute |
j will be read. As I think it covets the whole idea r
1 of the Administration, and will meet the wants of I
I the country, I ask that it be read, so that we can \
j act on it understandingiy. • i
| Several Senators. We all understand it. I
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say a very few words in explanation-of
my course on this bill. _ When a vote was taken
some days ago on striking out thefirst section of
this bill, as reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, I voted with the friends of the bill,
under the impression that we were engaged in (a
war which required the support of every patriotic
citizen. I understood the President to say that
an increase of the Army was necessary lor the
protection of the troops already sent to Utah. In
conversation with distinguished Army officers, I
got the opinion that our Army there was in danger
of entire destruction, unless reinforcements were
sent immediately; and in accordance with my
uniform course in public life, I have considered it
my duty, when the country needed troops for the
protection of its honor, or for the protection of
any portion of my fellow-citizens who wereirl
distress, to vote them;«and I made up my mind
to vote for granting such an increase of the forces
as the President might ask for. With this view,
I voted in favor of retaining the first section of
the bill reported by the committee, with the con-
dition that the ta-oops to be raised should be dis-
banded as soon as the war was over. If I still
believed that the same necessity existed, I should
now pursue the same course; but I cannot think
so when I consider the time which has been con-
sumed by the Administration itself. The delay
which has taken place convinces me that there
can be no such emergency as we were some time
ago told existed. The friends with whom I act,
have indicated a disposition to furnish the Admin-
istration with volunteers for this service; butthey
are declined; and there seems to be a determina-
tion to force upon the country an increase of the
regular standing Army, to which I can never con-
sent. All former republics have been destroyed
by mercenary troops, and such will be the fate of
this Government if the same course be pursued.
1 desire to put off that day as long as possible.
I have said that there appears to be no emer-
gency to justify the passage of this bill. If we
were to pass it now, probably months would be
occupied before any troops could bo sent to Utah. .
The time which would elapse before these troops
could be sent there, renders it impossible that
they can be of any use there during the present,
season; in fact, we are now tcfid that they are not
wanted for that service. This .being the case, I
cannot vote for this bill which I look upon as pro-
posing an addition to the standing Army of the
country without regard to the emergency which
we have been asked to supply. I shall vote, how-
ever, for the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, which proposes to place volunteers at the
service of the President to be used only in case
they shall be necessary for the troubles in Utah.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the an-
nunications we have heard around the Chamber
will not prevent any one from insisting on an im-
mediate vote oil this measure. If it will not carry
here, if ought to be defeated. I trust and hope
it will be defeated if there is not a majority for it,
and I think the responsibilities that may occur
hereafter will rest where they belong. X sincerely
hope we may have a vote to-night. [" Vote!"
vote!"]
Mr. PUGH. I wish to say five words only. I
; am in favor of the employment of volunteers; but
, I regard the substitute of the Senator from Terl-
j nessee as comprising two propositions which, in
my judgment, are in violation of the Constitution
j of tlie United States: first, interfering with th&
; power o£ the President as Commander-in-Chief'
| of the Army; and second, dictating bow the ofB-
! eers of the militia shall be elected. One of those
provisions I endeavored to correct, but I was
voted down, and therefore I did not attempt to
correct the other. I shall be compelled, there-
fore, reluctantly to vote against that proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I want to say
a single word. I am satisfied there was a misap-
prehension of the provision in reference to the
President appointing the officers. It is just the
same as was in the ten-regiment bill.
Mr. PUGH. The ten-regiment bill was an
increase of the regular Army.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It prescribed
whom he should appoint as officers.
Mr, IVERSON. The Senator from Indiana
