1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1968
from the plow-handle, young men who had been
employed in active life, who had a knowledge of
human nature, and the practical affairs of life,
and who never delved into the profundity of ab-
stract sciences. They are the efficient soldiers, ,
and whenever it is tried, they will be found the j
main reliance of the country. j
I think the Senator from New Hampshire is i
disposed to be'mush with the young men to whom
lie alluded. If they have individual merits apart ;
fiom their character as students and successful
scholars, that would entitle thorn to the confidence
of the Executive and of the Senate. I can see no
impropriety in thePresidcntappointing them,and
in the Senate sanctioning their appointment. If
the Senator will suggest any remedy to supply
the place of the Academy, or to abolish it entirely,
I may view it with great deliberation, because I
do not think it is necessary to have such an insti-
tution under the peculiar patronage of the Gov-
ernment. I have never seen any advantages re-
sult to the country from it that justified it; and
though there are gentlemen of merit there as pro-
fessors, proficient in their science, I doubt very
much whether the extent to which it is carried
there is necessary to every officer constituting* the
Aimy of the United States. Practical men, and
not martinets who are educated in all the routine
and formula of military life, are to be relied on as
efficient officers when you bring them into the
field. But, sir, I shall not detain the Senate.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a thud lime. It was lead
the third time, and on the question,4t Shall the bill
pass ?"
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 33, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Davaid, Belt, Benjamin, Bisrler,
Blown,Clav,Coilamer,(Jmtenden,Dixon, Douglas,Evans,
Fe-^nden/Fifzpatnck, Foot, Fostei, Green, Gwin. II nn
hn, Hammond, llou-ton, Hunter, Jrme?. Mallory,
Sebastian, Sewaul, Simmons, Shdeii, Stuart, Wilson, and
Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. I5iotIeuck,Doolm!e,Duikec, Hale, Ital-
ian, Johnson of Tennessee, Pugli, Trumbull, and Wade—0.
So the bill was passed.
RELATIONS WITH PARAGUAY.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill foi the ad-
mission of Oregon.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to have precedence of the iloor, and cal S up fir^t
the joint resolution in reference t*> the ilitli'mhtes
with Paraguay. I take it lor granted, fiom what
has passed, that there will be no debate on it.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. P>ayard] moved
a reconsideration of the vote taken yesterday.
Let the vote on the reconsideration be taken, and
if it is not reversed, it will end the matter, it it is
reversed, the resolution will, no doubt, be passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it will not lead to dtbute,
I yield for that funpo.se.
Mr. MASON. 1 move to take up the jointres-
olu'ion to which I have referred.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint tcsohuion (S. No. 26)
for the adjustment of difficulties With the Repub-
lic of Paraguay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The question is on reconsidering the vote by
which the Senate agreed to the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations a single ques-
tion. Does he not mean to press the resolution
if the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
prevails?
Mr. MASON. I should not press it in that
event, because I am satisfied that the President
has all the power now, by his geneial executive
office, that he would have if the resolution were
to pass with this amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and the
question recurred on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were oidered.
Mi. IVERSON. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment, -which is
in line eight, to strike out the words, (< and use
such force," so that the clause will read:
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
adopt 2-ueh measuie* as m hi? judgment may be necessary,
&c.
Mr. MASON". The President of the United
States, by virtue of his office under the Constitu-
tion, conducts our intercourse with foreign na-
tions, and therefore he has ample authority, with-
out any express law, through the functionaries
of the Government who are in that quarter of the
world, to make representations at this Republic
if he thinks proper. If, therefore, the amendment
prevails by which he is prohibited from making
a demonstration of force, if the reparation which
is demanded be not given, I consider that the res-
olution would be perfectly useless, and of course
should not press it. I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. COLLAMER. Inasmuch as this is an
amendment which I proposed, I desire briefly to
state the reason why I offered it. It is true that
the President of the United States has the conduct
of our foreign affairs, and undoubtedly can, and,
as he says, will, apply to Paraguay for the redress
of grievances and wrongs; yet I say that it is un-
precedented in this Government to authorize the
President, m the first instance, by an act of Con-
gress to use force for the purpose of procuring
redress, i know that it is a power which he has
exeicised in relation to savage people, but not
in relation to a people with whom we have held
intercom so, with whom we have made treaties;
who are a civilized people, or recognized as such.
To ajhuv the President to use force for the pur-
pose of obtaining redress and procuring satisfac-
tion for wrongs, he being the judge alone of that
satisfaction, is unpiecedented in the Government;
no such thing can be found.
Now, 1 am somewhat astonished at the honor-
able chairman of the; Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions seemmgto press this point so much. I have
1 insisted that this is war. He says it is hostility,
' not war. Well, I should like to see the writer
i who makes the distinction between war and hos-
• tiiity. 1 should Lke to know in what it consists, if
there is any difference. Presidents have thought
; piopertoask for force on formei occasions. I
believe it was asked a few years ago in relation to
Gra'kula. A variety of propositions of this kind
| have been presented to the Committee on For-
1 eign Relations: and certain it is that the couisc
: taken by the honoiable chairman of that ooinmit-
I tee has bc-n highly conservative all the time. No
new projects, no hair-braided adventures have
been presented to us from that source at all; but
this seems to be persisted in, and it seems to me
to be inconsistent with the precedent course of
the honorable chairman, and with the wJiole prac-
tice of our Govei nment hitherto. Why is it that
; the President asks this? Paiaguay has never
! been asked to make reparation to us for the wrong
! complain-d of. lie says he will ask it. Very
well; then the time has not yet come for using
force. Why does ho come heie at ail? It is, I
1 apprehend, because the case is of such a kind
that he would be unwilling to u°-e forre unless
the authority to do so was voted by Congiess;
and it n? tu-'ivfore proposed to maKe it a joint
resolution, so that it snail be an act of Congress
, like an act of wai, Congiess alone having the
! power to declare war.
: Why rnav not the usual and ordinary course
be taken ? Gentlemen seem to have supposed that
| I am opposed to obtaining satisfaction. Not at
all. But it is said Paraguay is a weak Power,
1 and we are in no danger if we do get into war.
' That is so; but itis a dangerous precedent. Why
| not then pursue the usual and ordinary course—
I ask them for satisfaction for whatever wrongs
j there are, see whether th^y make excuse ? In re-
i gard to the firing into the Water Witch, it may
i be asked whether they disavow that, whether,
1 having been done by an oilicer of theirs, they
I would make redress, and it so, what redress r So,
' too, in relation to the confiscation of property of
some of our citizens, negotiations may be held.
: My objection to this is not that! would not use
! force when the proper time came, when the oc-
! casion calk d for it, but Congress should be the
i judare, not the Executive. Let the Executive
' endeavor to succeed in a negotiation. It he does
; not in that way obtain the satisfaction which he
| thinks proper, let him come to Congress;^ if he
1 does obtain it, a treaty will be made, satisfaction
' will be given and accepted. If, however, nego-
1 tiation fails, if the satisfaction tendered is not that
' with which we ought to be satisfied, let him lay
i the facts before Congress, that we mi-y see and
judge whether the occasion for war has arisen—
that is, whether the occasion is one ripe for the
use of force, for that is war.
My amendment is simply asking you to pursue
the usual and ordinary course; bjut the original
resolution is unusual and unprecedented alto-
gether. I know that it is considered by perhaps
most of our people that when wrong has been
done to us we should obtain redress immediately,
and use force light off. By way of defense, I have
no objection to that; but to use force to coerce sat-
isfaction is a matter of dernier resort, and an act
of war, no steps to which should ever be taken,
I think, until a proper occasion is presented, and
! then it should be submitted for the exercise of the
. discretion of Congress to say whether sufficient
, satisfaction has been offered or not.
i Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not prolong this de-
i bate, because I shall be compelled to ask that the
i subject be postponed in the event of further dis-
, cushion. 1 made the repoit from the Committee
i on Foreign Relations in this case; and I am pre-
; pared to indorse the resolution thoroughly. I
think the Senate understand it, and 1 will refrain
■ from saying anything in vindication of it in the
; hope of getting a vote; otherwise, I shall have to
J move to postpone it with a view to take up the
j Oregon bill.
j Mr. BAYARD. For the same reason, I shall
' forbear to express my opinions, though I am very
j clear in my convictions that the authority to use
I force by way of demonstration, which would be
j the result of the discretion here confided, instead
j of leading to war, would probably prevent war.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 25; as follows:
VCA^-Me^i.s. Brodenck. Colhuner, Crittenden, Doo-
hute, lJ«nk '(3, LVseiideii, Foot. Hale, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Mattoiy, Sewaid, Suiait, Tiurnbuil, Wade, and Wil-
son—15.
NAYS—Mes'is Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
? iown, Clay, Dixon, Douglas, Evans, Fi>*t"r,' Green, Gwm,
Hammond, [Lilian. Uotiitmi, Ixer'son, Jones, iNIa-son, Polk,
' Pugb, Seba-nan, Simmons, Shdoll, and Toomba—23.
[ So the amendment was rejected.
! Mr. MASON. I hope the vote will now be
i taken on the resolution.
I The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
j for a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
| ADMISSION OF OREGON,
'i Mr. DOUGLAS. I now renew my motion to
!' proceed to the consideration of the bill for the ad-
|, mission of Oregon into the Union as a State.
j| The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
!! 239) for the admission of Oregon into the Union
jj was read a second time, and consideied as in Com-
\ mittee of the Whole.
li The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
; Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not knowthat it is ne-
, cessary to read the fourth section m regard to the
land grants. It is the same as the grants to Kan-
sas and Minnesota.
There being no objection, the reading of the
. fourth section was dispensed with.
1 Mr. MASON. I do not know how it is with
j. other Senators, but I really have very little in-
|, formation about this distant Territory of Oregon
1 as to the number of its population, whether they
!' are sufficiently numerous to entitle them 10 come
i into the Union as one of the States. I do not
j! even know whether they have sufficient popu-
! lation there to incur the necessary buidens of
\ self-government in the formation of a State gov-
! eminent. I am informed by the honorable Sen-
: ator who reported the bill that there is no report
; accompanying it from his committee; and I do
| not know, therefore, how we are to get any m-
] formation on the subject. 1 should, for one, place
i very litile reliance on the statements made by
I Senators here for guiding their own judgment. I
should be averse to guiding my own judgment
! by them, however satisfactory thoy might be to
; others. I doubt whether any one knows the pop-
ulation—whether it is twenty, or thirty, or forty,
' or more thousands. 1 am not prepared, without
some official information that we may rely upon,
taken under Federal authority, to vote for the ad-
mission of tins State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no report accom-
panying toe bill, for the reason that there was no
official information before the commutec, except
that winch is found embodied in the constitution
itself, which is printed and before the Senate, and
the authentication of that instrument. Last year
