1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they themselves protest against it as a matter of
public policy. I believe, and I venture that ex-
pression now, that the end of this will be, unless
we take the whole Choctaw nation and put it
under the Texas supervision, which I think would
be far better than to take part of it, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States will have to pay a
million or two more to the Choctaws for that piece
of country, and pay to buy it out, if they do not
also have, to accompany it, hea#f claims of
damages for losses thaf will be sustained by the
Choctaw nation in consequence of#this divided
jurisdiction. The object should be, and such I
believe to be the object of the Department, to
preserve a unity of power, and a unity of action,
of instruction, of direction, and of decision in le-
gard tuall tiie action (hat is theie, and ail the
difficulties that may anse (here. i
Now the Department did not appoint an a°ent I
from the State of Texas to, go over those Indian? I
in that particular section of country. They ap-
pointed an agent from the State of Arkansas. The
Senator makes strong complaints against that
ag^nt. The Department inform me, on my m-
quines there, that those complaints are just. Very
well; I have had no opportunity of healing fsoin
that agent; I cannot say anything about those
charges. The agent, I know, is a very excellent
and clever gentleman; but he may have been re-
miss, and the Department declare they intend to
remove him. This being the state of facts, I can-
not, of course, prevent any such acnon on (he
part of the Department, and he will he removed,
f asked them, then, what their course would be?
They are disposed to give the appointment of the
agent to Texas, if a man should be taken from
amongst her people, sympathizing with her in-
terest, he might notice depredations that the In-
dians committed or obtain notice of them, in order
that the State of Texas may be propeily piotected.
That much, I find, they are disposed to do at
once, and that. I think, is a very satisfactory an-
swer to these complaints of anticipated losses and
sufferings upon the part of the holders of Texas.
The State which I represent, so far as I know or
can judge of its sentiment, I think is perfectly
willing to agree to that course—at least, I shall
support it here, believing it to be reasonable and
right. Therefore, if the agent should he taken
from there, notwithstanding all his sympathies
with Texas, if we could establish a common tri-
bunal to which, on all occasions, an appeal can
be made, in whose decisions there shall be uni-
formity and unity, there would not be any very
serious consequences resulting from it.
Thus much for the relief that is, I know, dis-
posed to he granted therefor the protection of the
Senator. He has goneinto a long account of mat-
ters of which I shall take no particular notice. I
will call attention to only two other points. He
speaks of the necessity of the superintendent be-
ing appointed from the State of Arkansas; and
falling upon mypart of that Statehe asks, where
is the necessity of his being appointed from there ?
He thinks that the superintendent should be from
his own State. I can say to that Senator that I
like him too well to refuse him anything in rea-
son, and there is nothing that I could give that
would not be most cheerfully granted to him. I
take pride and pleasure in confessing it upon this
floor. The name of the present agent is Rector,
a friend of the Senator himself. He is a gentle-
man of the highest respectability. He is the same
person who served in Florida in so distinguished
a manner in taking the Hon. William Bowlegs
away from that country. I believe it would be
very difficult to get rid of this little section be-
tween the ninety-eighth and one hundredth degree
belonging to the Choctaws, and at whatexpense?
At an°expense of unity of instructions and unity
of action in regard to difficulties that may arise
inside of the country, which ought to be subject
to some laws. , .
I do not think the proposition of the Senator
from Texas a reasonable one. There is nothing
connected with the interest of that superintendent
or the advantage of having him in that section of
country that 1 deem it necessary to clear myself
of, and I clear the Senator of it also. But what
does the Senator from Texas want? He wants
the control of that strip of country which belongs
to the Choctaws. The United States have, as a
matter of policy, recognized the right of occu-
pancy on the part of these Indians. They have
allowed them to hold lands, and have never called
upon them to give them Up unless they had not
paid for them. The State of Texas "has done
nothing of this kind. The State of Texas does
not recognize the right of an Indian to own land
within h«r limits. Is the United States to give
the control and supervision of the agencies to
Texas, and even go outside of her boundaries to
make an agency for one of her citizens. I cannot
think it possible, considering the strong sympa-
thy he would have for his own State, which rec-
ognizes no rights of the Indians at all, that an
agent should be taken from Texas at the expense
of the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations. They
have called the United States, with great propri-
ety, their Great Father; but when Texas is placed
ovei them she will be a step-mother. She will
never recognize their rights, and the children will
be expelled from their father's house altogether.
Such, I am afraid, will be the result of the action
the Senator from Texas is desirous we should
adopt. Tins 1 fear. Hut although I fear it, an
answer to the argument readily presents itself to
me. These, however, are only suggestions that
come to my mind m looking through the darkness
of the future at the ultimate results of this prop-
. osition. In answer to the policy which he has
presented, I will merely remark that there is a
concession which I, as one of the representatives
of Arkansas, am willing to make, which I think
will be amply sufficient; and that is, to give them
an agent having all the sympathies of their people,
; and who shall be a resident of their own country,
I to protect them against such depredations as may
14)e attempted upon their people and borders.
I I wish, also, to correct a statement 3 made the
I other day, when this subject was first under con-
! sideration, in regard to the position which the
I late Senator Rusk occupied upon this subject I
' then informed the Senate, that after calling upon
! General Rusk, and stating to him the interests
| involved in this matter, he at once not only eon-
| sented that the appointment should be from the
I State of Arkansas, but he said the supermtend-
i ency or supervision of that country ought to he
j confined to what is called the southern snperin-
i tendency. I believe that was the statement 1 made
! here. In one respect, it was incorrect. He at
; once conceded that the agent ought to be from
| Arkansas, but that the superintendent should be-
i long to Texas. Having made an erroneous state-
j mcnt at first, I feel that I should correct it, and
now do so. Everyone knows the generous char-
acter of the late Senator Rusk. I am satisfied that
he was conscientious in his belief in regard to the
matter. I am satisfied that the action the Sena-
tor from Texas proposes is by far the wisest for
Texas. I am not satisfied that it is the wisest for
the United States, either having regard to our
Treasury or what may fall upon it hereafter, or
to those Indians who now own that country—the
Choctaws and Chickasaws.
In regard to these depredations, the immediate
relation which the agent has to them is to keep a
strict guard upon them; and whenever he
can exercise an influence to prevent them, he will
do so. Whenever peace is imperiled by a motive
which, having ascertained, he himselt is unable
to reach or control, then it is his duty at once to
give notice to the authorities to bring to bear an
influence or strength which shall prevent it orgive
i relief. That can be maintained by granting to
! the Senator himself, or to the delegation from his
] State, the power and right to select a proper agent
| to discharge that duty, subject, of course, to the
! approval of the Governmentof the United States;
j and with that, it seems to me, the Senator ought
1 to be satisfied.
i Another reason which the Senator gives why
! this superintendency ought not to exist where it
■" does, but should be extended to Ins own State, is,
j that the location of the supeiintendency is now
! two hundred miles distant—that is, at Furt Smith,
i I believe that is what the Senator stated.
] Mr. HOUSTON. Two hundred and forty
! miles. . .
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. He says it is
I two hundred and forty miles. That is no great
! distance in that country; and this reason is of
j still less consequence when you come to consider
! that the agent is to act under general instructions,
i Those general instructions stand throughout the
: land until altered, changed, or amended in some
way or other; ao that I do not think that consid-
eration presented by him of very great weight.
: In that country, distances of two hundred and ten
1 and two hundred and forty miles are not deemed
i very great. I doubtexceedmgly, however, whether
the Senator is not mistaken in the number of miles
when he says it is two hundred and forty. I do
not think it is over one hundred and fifty. 1 may
be mistaken in that. I will not put my knowl-
edge or my judgment in comparison with his on
that matter. I say, therefore, let it be considered
as two hundred and forty miles.
The Senator states that the agent did not dis-
charge his duty, that he only remained there three
days. I think he is in error 
Mr. HOUSTON. He never was in the res-
ervation at all. He was three days at Fort Ar-
! buckle.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. We will sup-
i pose that there is no dispute about these state-
1 ments, because the Department has not stated
; that he remained as he should have done. I un-
derstand the Department determined to appoint a
successor in his place. I can say nothing about
that. There is a plan to give the Senator s State
! ample protection under the circumstances. The
' law is here, and so is the treaty, to which it is
; unnecessary for me to ryfer particularly. I only
j speak of the legal conclusions that are to be drawn
; from the treaty. I believe the Senator and my-
' self do not differ in regard to them, and it is un-
1 necessary for me, therefore, to dwell upon them.
I I will merely say, in conclusion, that I have
i called the attention of the Senate to the corres-
i pondence between the Department and the House
of Representatives, so late as the 31st pf last
! month, not three weeks past, and have caused it
' to be read. The resolutions were the ground of
| the amendment which is proposed. The Depai't-
i ment considered it against public policy and gave
, many reasons which I will not attempt to repeat,
| and stated that the consequences could not well
j be foretold by them. With thesfe few remarks
I I submit the question, so far as I am concerned,
I to the consideration of the Senate.
| Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
1 taken. We ought to have a vote on this billnow.
; Mr. HOUSTON. I hope there vrili be no such
thing.
Mr. ITUNTPER. We ought to take uptherev-
I euuc bill which is returned from the House with
1 amendments. I hope we shall bring this bill to
; some. conclusion.
i Mr. HOUSTON. I should not have occupied
! much longer time than the gentleman has now
' done; but-I am not going to be choked down in
i this Senate. If Senators consume, unnecessa-
i nly, the time of the body for months, and for
i years, it shall not cut me off from reasonable de-
! bate when necessary to vindicate the rights of my
people, and arrest the scalping-knife and toma-
' hawk. I do not wish to consume the time of the
, Senate. It has not been my habit to do so. ^ A
; certain degree-of courtesy that I have never with-
i held from other Senators, I am determined to ex-
1 act for myself when the rules of the Senate guar-
, anty it to me. This is a matter of no ordinary im-
; portance to my State, it is a matter that enters
I into its vital existence and the Uvea of its citizens.
] It is justice, and the true policy to the Indians,
1 that 1 have risen to vindicate. I do not intend to
I occupy the time of the Senate, but I rise to say
j emphatically, that there is no reason on earth
' against my proposition.
My friend from Arkansas knows that the su-
! permtendency is on the extreme verge of the State
of Arkansas. It is two hundred and forty miles
! from where sha is cut off by this reservation.
: Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I admit that.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is as disconnected from
Arkansas as it is from California. Arkansas has
no claim upon it. The Choctaw Indians have
never protested against the measure. Their agent
has protested. He protests against it—for what
purpose? It is to be detached from the southern
superintendency and create a new superintend-
ency of the Chickasaws, Choctaws, and this new
reservation of the Witchitas. There aie three
nations, and he is carving out a superintenden-
cy for himself. That is the movement here. I
will have none of it. I assure my honoiable
friend from Arkansas that I have never intimated
I a wish to have the appointment of the agent. I
i do not care who he is. Texas does not want an
I a^ent, she does not want to create one of her own
