878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
and other disposal of the public lands; which was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
BUSINESS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication'from the Department of the Inte-
rior, in reply to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, of 19th of January, 1857, in respect
to the number of suits on the dockets of the re-
spective clerks of the United States courts in 1857.
Mr. STANTON. That is in answer to a res-
olution which was passed on my motion at the
last session of Congress, with .a view to a reor-
ganization of judicial districts. I move that the
communication be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act
to amend an act for th'e relief of Whitemarsh
B. Seabrook, and others; which thereupon was
signed by the Speaker.
ROBERT KIRKAM.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked and ob-
tained leave to have withdrawn from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Robert Kirk-
am, for reference to the Court of Claims.
INCREASE OF THE ARMS'.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] will yield the floor, I desire
to ask the unanimous consent of the House to
present a report from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will yield for that
purpose. I understand that the bill to be reported
is an important one, and that it ought to be re-
ported immediately.
Mr. &UITMAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs has instructed me to make a report on
those portions of the President's message, and on
the resolutions from the State of Texas, which
were presented for their consideration.
As this is an important matter, I wish to have
it brought before the House, and to have its con-
sideration fixed for a particular day.
No objection being' made,
Mr. GLUITMAN reported a bill to provide for
the organization of u regiment of mounted volun-
teers for the defense of the frontier of Texas, and
to authorize the President to call into the service
of the United States four additional regiments of
volunteers; which was read a first and second
time. ,
Mr. QUITMAN. If the House will indulge
mo for but a few minutes, I will give the reasons
why I think the immediate passage of this hill is
demanded by the interests of the country 
Mr GIIOW. What is the matter before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. A report from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GROW. To be considered at this time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi does not ask its consideration at this
time.
Mr. GROW. If it is to be considered at this
time, I will object; but not otherwise.
The SPEAKER. It would be too late now to
object.
Mr. GROW. Did the Chair state to the House
that it was to be considered at this time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not. The
Chair does not so understand it.
Mr. QUITMAN. t do notdesire to press this
bill immediately on the consideration of the House.
I merely desire to have it printed, and its further
consideration postponed till a particular day. I be-
lieve that this bill embodies the public sentiment
of the country and of both Houses of Congress,
more than any bill that has yet been presented.
The House is aware that this subject was not re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs until
several weeks ago, on account of the delay in
referring particular portions of the President's
message; and that the same subject has been
elaborately discussed in the other branch of Con-
gress. It is time that this House should also pre-
sent its views, and it is time that some reply should
be given to the recommendation of the President
ill his annual message, and to the Legislature of
the State of Texas. It is time that it should be
decided whether there is to be proffered to the
President any volunteer force, or any additional
military force. Every man in the country, whether
a military man or not, knows that action should
be immediately taken in the matter. The bill is;
a simple one. I ask that it may be printed, and
taken up for consideration on Wednesday next.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to present the
views of the minority of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, in the shape of a substitute for the
bill reported; and ask that it may take the same
direction.
There being no objection, the bill and substi-
tute were ordered to be printed, and their consid-
eration postponed till Wednesday next.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that unanimous consent
may be given to take up the bills upon the Speak-
er's table, in order that those to which there will
be no objection may be referred to the appropriate
pfiwi in ittpp?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. I want to get
at all the bills regularly.
Mr. PHELPS. By this means we will do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir; I want the gen-
tleman's help, and the help of other gentlemen,
to get at these bills regularly.
Mr. PHELPS. A privileged question inter-
poses to prevent the call of committees for reports.
No objection is made to my proposition, except
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, I object. I want
to get at these bills regularly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the gen-
tleman from North Carolina would not object to
their being all taken up. I hope they will be taken
up regularly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No; sir; the gentleman
said those not objected to. I do not mean that a 1
single member of the House may prevent action
on a bill which the House may wish to reach.
Mr. PHELPS. The reason I made the mod-
ification of my request was this: the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] has the floor on a
question of privilege. There is a private bill upon
the Speaker's table, on which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giodings] is entitled to the floor That
was the only bill I had in my mind when I made
the modification.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 object to further debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not objcct to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Tennessee, that we
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
"RESOLUTIONS OF GEORGIA.
Mr. GARTRELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Georgia; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed:
Resolutions of the Legislature of Georgia, ask-
ing fur the passage of a law fixing the rules of
evidence regulating the granting of bounty lands
to certain oiliccrs and soldiers therein mentioned.
Resolutions of the Legislature of Georgia, ask-
ing that bounty lands be granted the officers and
soldiers of the several companies of mounted vol-
unteers colled into the service of the State of
Georgia, under the provisions of an act assented
to December 26, 1837.
ORSAMUS B. MATTESON.
Mr. BLISS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present a bill for reference.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I can yield the floor
no further. If I yield to one gentleman after the
other, the whole day may be taken up in this way.
I must stop it at some time.
The Clerk read the resolutions pending, as fol-
lows:
Whereas at the last session of Congress a select com-
mittee of the House reported the following lesolutions, to
wit •
Resolved, That Orsamus B, i\I atteson, a member of
tins House fiom the State of New York, did incite parties
deeply mtcie&ted in the passage of a joint resolution for
construing the Des Monies grant to have heie and to use a
laige sum of money, and other valuable consultations,
coriuptJy, for the puiposo of procuring the passage of said
joint iCoOlutiuu thiough tins House.
"Resolved, That Orsamus 13. Mattesox, m declaring
that a large number oi tile members of this Ilonse had as-
sociated themselves together, audpledged themselves, each
to the other, not to vote for anv law or icsolution, granting
money or lands, unless they were paid for it. has falsely
and willfully assailed and defamed the character of this
House, and has proved himself unworthy to be a member
theieof.
Resolved, That Orsamus B. Matteson, a member of
this House from the State of New York, be, and is hereby,
expelled."
And said committee also reported the facts upon which
said resolutions were predicated, which are published with
the reports of the House.
And whereas, the first of said resolutions was adopted
by the House of fiepiesentatives on the 27th of Februaiy
last, by a vote of 145 yeas to 17 nays, and the said second
resolution was adopted by the House on the same day with-
out a division : and whereas, the said W atteson had, prior
to any vote being taken on the last resolution, resigned his
seat in this House, and thus avoided the effect of the same
bad it been passed : and whereas, the said Matteson ia a
member of this House, with the imputations conveyed by
the passage of the first two of the foregoing resolutions still
upon him j and without having been subsequently reelected
by his constituents : Therefore,
Resolved, That Orsamus 13. Matteson, a member of this
House from the State of New York, be, and is hereby, ex-
pelled from this House.
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will make a motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will hear the gen-
tleman 's suggestion.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to make a motion to
submit this question to a special committee, for
the reason that I do not believe this House has
jurisdiction over this question. I think I can
show that fact upon the law of the case and the
Constitution of the United States. I desire to
make that motion, that I may present my views,
because I shall feel compelled to vote against the
resolution, however much I may believe in my
own private judgment the member from New
York may deserve the censure contained in it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot yield the
floor at this time for the gentleman to make his
motion.
Mr. Speaker, the resolution under considera-
tion was introduced by me in the fervent belief,
not only that this House had the power to pass
it, but that it was the duty of the House to f)ass
it. I do not know that I should have introduced
it had it not been that the House had previously
decided to go into an investigation which related
to transactions of members of the last House,
and determined to raise a committee and to pros-
ecute inquiries in-lhe remote parts of the country
to ascertain what had been done by members of
the last House implicating them in improper le-
gislation. But when the House had so determined,
I thought the cause already upon the docket here
ought to be disposed of before new causes were
set down for trial. For my own part, I have no
i doubt as to the entire power of the House to pass
the resolution. The House may, by a majority
of its members, inflict punishments upon any of
its members, and, with the concurrence of two
thirds, may expel a member—not for disorderly
conduct alone—but may expel a member. The
power is given in the broadest sense. It is a
power that the House ought to possess, and it is a
power which it can exercise only by the concur-
rence of two thirds of its members. The very
necessity of requiring two thirds of its members
sufficiently guards the power granted from any
j abuse of it.
j When I first introduced the resolution, I pro-
; posed to myself simply to have the Committee on
! the Judiciary inquire into the power of the House;
j not that I entertained any doubt of the power my-
| self; but knowing very well that some gentlemen
! did, I was willing that the Committee on the Ju-
j dietary should examine and report to the House,
j that we might have their authority and sanction
for the passage of the resolution, if the House
were determined to pass it. Subsequently, how-
j ever, to the introduction of the original resolution,
I gentlemen upon the other side, colleagues of the
i member implicated, desired me to modify it in the
! mannerinwhichitisnowheforetheHouse. Sup-
; posing them to be equally interested in what con-
; cerned their colleague with any upon this side of
! the House, I modified it in accordance with my
i own view and the suggestions they made. In that
i form it now stands before the House. I shall not
! enter into an argument to satisfy the House of
i the necessity or propriety of the passage of the
' resolution. All the facts are in the form of dep-
ositions, and now exist upon the records of the
House. They were published with the reports
! of the last session, and aie accessible to, and I
have no doubt have been seen and examined and
weighed and canvassed by, members of the House.
I do not propose, therefore, to take up any time
