1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
whatever in discussing the resolution. If it shall
be necessary to say anything in defense of my-
self, or in vindication of the resolution, I shnl!
endeavor to do so; but I do not propose now to
occupy the time of the House, or to take it from
the important business before it for the purpose
of further discussion.
I am willing that the question maybe taken on
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Seward.] I am not pertinacious as to the course
which the House shall pursue. I deemed it my
duty to bring the question before the House; and
having done that, I shall not be disturbed or
elated with any action which the House may
take. ; , •
Mr. KEITT. I only desire to occupy the floor
a moment for the purpose of making a statement,
in consequence of my connection with the post-
ponement of the consideration of the resolution
for a month, when it up before. I propose
to make no argumnntupon any branch of the res-
olution. Jjp
The gentleman-froafjllinois, [Mr. Harris,]
the House will reme'naber, a little more than a
month ago, offered,his;resolution,and it was then
stated by acolleague J>f the member against whom
the resolution is moved, that he was kept at home
by sickness m his family. The gentleman from
Illinois then postponed its consideration until the
succeeding Monday. On Sunday night a gentle-
man from the town, I believe, in which Mr. Mat-
teson resides—at least from his congressional
district—called upon me and asked me to move the
further postponement of the resolution in conse-
quence of the serious illness of Mrs. Matteson.
I told him I did not move the resolution, and had
no control whatever over it; that he must go to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] who
had moved it. The next morning the gentleman
called upon me at my committee-room; said he
had called upon the gentleman from Illinois and
made a statement to him; that the gentleman
from Illinois was ill, and could not attend the
House that day, but that he readily concurred in
the motion to postpone its consideration for a
month; and asked me, as I had no personal 01
political relations with Mr. Matteson, as an act
of justice to him, to make that motion. He said
to me that Mr. Matteson was kept at home by
the serious illness of his wit'e—an illness from
which, in the judgment of her physicians, she
probably never would recover. I made the mo-
tion because it was an act of justice to him under
the circumstances.
Since that time I have received letters inform-
ing me that the excuse was fabricated; that Mrs,
Matteson has not been sick. I have seen it so
stated in an editorial aiticle in a newspaper pub-
lished at the gentleman's place of residence and
sent to me. i have been informed by gentlemen
upon the other side of the House that she is sick,
and I had a- newspaper, published at the gentle-
man's place of residence, sent to me. in which it
was stated, editorially, thatshe is sick; and I have
received half a dozen letters stating that she has
not been for years as well as now.
This morning Mr. Moulton, who six years ago
was a competitor of Mr. Matteson, placed in my
hands a letter from the physician of Mr, Matte-
son, which I will read to the House. I do not
know to whom it is directed as there is no direc-
tion upon the envelop. It is as follows:
" Utica, February 15, UVA
"1 am m receipt of your letter of t!n;. morning. 1 have
been Mm. Mimeson's physician lor more titan a year, rthe
is subject to sevcie attacks of lliness, and iie has scarcely
seen a well day for the last six months, and for the past few
weeks she lias been suffoiing more than u-u.'!.::
Now, sir, these are the facts as they are in my
possession. Upon them I have no comment to
make, and no feelings to gratify.
Mr. SEWARD.' In my opinion this is one of
the gravest questions that has been presented to
the House of Representatives for their decision;
and while I condemn, as much as any man, the
conduct of the member to be affected by oui de-
cision, yet I presume to stand here to respect the
laws and the Constitution of my country, and,
if need be, to defend this man in his constitu-
tional rights. This House has not only civil
jurisdiction, but criminal jurisdiction over its
members; and [ lay down the proposition, sir,
without fear of contradiction, that unless some
law can be shown, or some provision in the Con-
stitution that attaches a personal and perpetual
disqualification to its members, this House, by its
action during the last session, exhausted its entire
constitutional power over the question. In many
of the States, in Tennessee, in Mississippi, in
•Georgia, and a number of other States, disqual-
ifications perpetual in their nature are attached to
certain crimes committed by members of Legisla-
tive Assembhes.
Now, sir, I ask any member of this House,
who is willing to vote for a second expulsion,
for a second punishment, to show me any law of
the United States which disqualifies the people
of the district represented by this gentleman from
reelecting him after his expulsion from this House.
The only instance known to our Constitution in
which a perpetual disqualification attaches to an
individual, is where a conviction has been had
upon an impeachment.
Now, sir, I have before me Cushing's Law and
Practice of Legislative Assemblies, in which this
whole question is reviewed, not only in regard to
the powers of the General Government, but in
regard to the powers of Slate governments de-
pending upon their local laws and their constitu-
tions; and the conclusion to which the author
comes, upon the laws and constitutions reviewed,
is found in these words:
"TCvpnlsirm from a found' or fiom tho same Legislative
Assembly cannot he resanial as a personal disqualilication,
unless specially provided by Jaw."
This power has been exerted in the British Par-
liament; but it was under a statute of Parliament
annexing a disqualification to a member expelled,
and who had been convicted of bribery, and some
of our States have the same provision incorpo-
rated into their constitutions.
Now, sir, I voted at the last session of Con-
gress for the expulsion of this member. I did so,
sir, because I thought it was duo to the dignity
of the House. I did so, sir, because I thought
that the punishment was just and righteous. I
believe it yet. But, sir, I am not going to under-
take to set up the doctrine that by reason of that
expulsion, with no constitutional disqualification
upon him—-with no legal disqualification upon
him—the people of his district had no right to
reelect him and send him back.
Now, let me suppose a ease. We had during
tho last Congress a case involving the reputa-
tion of a member from your State, [Mr. Brooks.]
Suppose that a two-third vote could have been ob-
tained for his expulsion from this Hall: would the
Representstivesfrom South Carolina,orany other
State, affirm the doctrine that the expulsion, in
the absence of a constitutional or legal disqual-
ification, would have pievented the people of his
district from sending him back here to represent
them ?
I do not regard myself, sir, as defending the
member. I am defending the laws of this country.
I am defending the Constitution. I am defend-
ing the popular rights of the people—their right
lo select their own Representatives when the Con-
stitution gives them a right to do so. And to act
upon this case again, and to resort to a process by
which a second expulsion is to be made, would
be, in my opinion, a most outrageous act of ty-
ranny. I have no respect for the member; none
whatever. But while I say this, 1 have respect for
the Constitution and for the powerofthisHouse;
and when I am called upon to give my vote, I
shall give it regardless of consequences, and re-
spond to the honest convictions of my own judg-
ment, without regard to the meanest criminal that
ever disgraced human nature.
Now, sir, it is said that if the election of this
member had taken place subsequent to his expul-
sion, then, the people having passed upon it, the
House would have been ousted of its jurisdiction.
Why, sir, such a doctrine as that is absurd. Does
the lime when an election takes place change the
law or affect the Constitution ? No, sir; itcannot
change the principle. But even if that were true,
the letter upon which the conviction took place
here, at the last session of Congress, was pub-
lished and used in the canvass at which he was
elected, prior to the last Congress.
But, as I have said, this whole question rests
upon the fact of the qualification or disqualifica-
tion of this member under the Constitution, or
under some known law of the land.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think there is much force
in some of the views which the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Seward] has presented; but I desice
to call his attention to a point that is made m op-
position to the views he has submitted. Itis this:
the offence having been committed by the member
from New York after lie was elected as a member
of this House, does not thatgive the'Houae juris-
diction ? I do not suppose that the mere fact of
the people passing upon the qualification of the
member after the offense has been committed—by
a reelection—changes the power or the duty of
this House; but the fact that the member had been
elected a member of this House before the offense
(as is alleged) was committed, is claimed as giv-
ing jurisdiction to the House. I would like to
hear the ffentleman upon that precise point.
*■ Mr. SEWARD. The question of jurisdiction
is not affected by what the people may do, or by
! the time at which the election took place. The
' House of Representatives had jurisdiction over
■ the question. They assumed that jurisdiction;
| they acted upon it; they«ppiied the remedy; they
! administered the punishment; they expelled the
; member, and exhausted all their constitutional
j power. I ask the gentleman-to show me some
j law of the United States, or some clause in the
| Constitution, which prohibits the people of that
j or any district in the United States from electing
any man they may choose as their Representative
in this House. 1 am looking to the law of the
! question. We do not know what questions may
j arise here hereafter. Some member of the House
i in the future may be expelled for some disorder,
j or for some act of personal violence committed on
j a member, and not affecting his honor at all; and
I if an expulsion is to attach as a permanent and
| perpetual disqualification, where will this doctrine
1 lead to?
j Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to ask ray friend
i whether this member was expelled?
■ Mr. SEWARD. It is the same thing whether
] tho resolution of expulsion passed or whether he
I resigned his seat to avoid it, and simply a reso-
j lution of censure was passed. He was convicted
; of the offense by the first resolution, and having
j disincumbered the House, if you will allow the
! expression, by his resignation, the House, I
j believe, did not vote to expel him, because K would
have been an absurdity in itself.
Mr. STANTON. I think the gentleman will
find, by reference to the Journal, that the House
voted upon the resolution of expulsion, and passed
it notwithstanding the resignation.
Mr. SEWARD. In one of these cases—I do
not know which—a resolution of expulsion was
passed, and not in the two other cases. But that
does not affect this question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have be-
fore me the Congressional Globe. There weie
two branches of the resolution. The first was as
follows:
'•■Resolved, That Orsamus B. Matteson, in declaiing
that a Hugo number oi members of tins FJou^e had associ-
ated themselves together, and pledged themselves each to
the other, not to vote for any law or icsoiution granting
money or land* unless they were paid for it, has faUely and
willfully availed and defamed the charaeterof tins- House,
and has proved himself unworthy to bea mernbei theieot."
The second branch of the resolution was:
<{ That Orsamus B. Matteson, a member of this House
fiom the State of New York, be, and he is hereby, expelled
ttiPiefrom."
Upon a motion to lay upon the table, it seems
that a division was called for. The yeas and nays
were called upon the fust branch. The question
was taken; and it was decided, upon the first
branch, m the negative. So the House refused to
lay that branch of the resolution upon the tabl^.
The question was then stated on the second res-
olution; and it was agreed to without a division.
Mr. Orr moved to lay the final resolution on the
table; whjph motion was agreed to. The House
voted on the second resolution, and pro forma ex-
pelled him, and then laid the whole resolution on
the tabic.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe the gentleman from
Kentucky has correctly stated what occurred; but
, that does not affect the question at all.
| I call the attention of the House to the law in
; relation to the power of legislative assemblies:
j uThis description of disqualifications results either from
i the doing of some act of a criminal nature, as. in Termes-
; see, dueling and bribery, and m Mi.-^wsippi, denying the
i beinMofa <>od ot a future "tatc of rewards and punishments,
' or, ti'om (he conviction of £ome crime or offense, which by
! the Constitution alone, or the constitution and laws of a
