1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i ms
I shall not vote forit. I do not agree in the views
which have been stated. While I repudiate the
doctrines of the Dred Scott decision, so far as that
decision undertakes to establish slavery in the
Territories, by virtue of the Constitution, and to
limit the power of Congress over the Territories
of the United States, I by no means assent to
the doctrine that negroes are required by the Con-
stitution of the United States to be placed on an
equal footing in the States with white citizens.
I have no power to prevent Oregon, when she
becomes a State, or the State of Maine, or any
other State, dealing with her black population as
shall seem to her best. That is a matter with
which I have legally no right to interfere, while
residing in another State, but I do not think that
because persons of that class are allowed to vote
in some of the States, thciefore they are entitled
to these privileges m other States, which do not
think proper to give such privileges. And, sir,
I am not prepared to say that Oregon may not pre-
vent a negro population from coming and settling
within her limits. It is a question, the argument
of which I will not go into at this time, and I only
make these remarks because it might be supposed
that I design voting with the Senators from New
York and Maine.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator mis-
understands me. I vote for the bill notwithstand-
ing that objection; the honorable Senator from
Maine votes against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without arguing this
point at all, I make this statement, in order that
my own position may be known. In the great
controversy which we have had upon the slavery
question I have never contended forgiving the
negro equal privileges with the white man. That
is a doctrine I do not advocate. I have believed
that negro slavery was an evil. I believed that
under the Constitution of the United States the
Congress of the United States had authority to
govern its Territories. Possessing that authority,
thinking slavery to be an evil, I believed it to be
the duty of Congress, so long as it had authority
over the Territories, to prevent the spread of sla-
very into them, they being-free; and thatthe Con-
stitution of the United States was neutral upon the
subject of slavery, neither creating nor abolishing
it of its own vigor. If we acquire territory, which,
at the time of the acquisition, is slaveholding ter-
ritory, it is not abolished by the acquisition; if
it is non-slaveholdmg territory, then slavery is
not established by the Constitution; arid believing
that slavery ous;ht not to be established in Terri-
tories where it does not exist, 1 was opposed to
the repeal of the Missouri compromise and the
opening of Kansas to slavery.
Now, in regard to the clause in the constitution
of Oregon,which her citizens have thought proper
to adopt, excluding the settlement of free negroes
in the State, I am not prepared to say that they
may not adopt such a clause, but it is a question
which I shall not now discuss. There are other
reasons why I shall vote against the admission
of Oregon at this time. We have here a naked
bill for the admission of Oregon. We have no
report from the committee; we have no evidence
of her population; and the Congress of the United
States has never passed any act authorizing the
formation of a State government. Now, sir, I am
opposed to the admission of new States without
some evidence of their population and some reg-
ularity in their proceedings, in the formation of
their constitutions. I think we ought to have
some general system by which all the Territo-
ries should be guided in forming State constitu-
tions, and asking admission into the Union. The
amount of population has, with me, a good deal
to do with the question. I might, under very
extraordinary ciieumstances, vote for the admis-
sion of a State when the population was not suf-
ficient to entitle it to one Representative in the
other branch of Congress; but it would have to be
a very extraordinary case, one endangering, as I
thought, the peace of the country, before I would
consent to do it. Here we have no evidence u.t
all of the population of Oregon. Oregon has had
no authority to form a State constitution, prepar-
atory to her admission into the Union. Under
these circumstances, I am not disposed, at this
time, to vote for her admission. I am willing to
disuose of this question without examining the
constitution at all, irrespective of what is in the
constitution. I will not, myself, vote to admit
her under the circumstances of the ease; and .there-
fore, with a view of testing the sense of the Sen-
ate on this subject, I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until the first Monday
of December next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust that motion will not
prevail. Jt does not stop the debate. It will only
lead to the consumption of more time, first, in the
argument of the propriety of postponement, and
secondly, in the discussion of the merits of the
main question. I regret also that my colleague
has deemed it his duty to introduce the slavery
question m connection with this Oregon bill. As
the people of Oregon had disposed of that ques-
tion to suitthemselves, I had hoped that we could
abide by their decision without embarrassing our
action here. On the submission of the constitu-
tion to the people of Oregon, the question of sla-
veiy was submitted separately, and also that of
the admission of free negroes into the State; each
was voted upon by the people, and both classes
of colored persons were excluded from the State.
As to the power of a State to exclude negro pop-
ulation from her limits, I had hoped there was no
dispute at this day; but I do not feel at liberty to
remain silent when the Senator from Maine raises
the question of the right of a State to exclude col-
ored population, for the reason that my State has,
by constitutional provision, done the same thing,
and so have other States of the Union. I hope
that he does not intend to move to exnel Illinois
from the Union because she has a clause similar
to the one under consideration, or to question her
right to be m the Union with such a clause in her
constitution.
1 do not question the right of the people of
Maine to confer jo.st such privileges as they think
proper in that State, under their local constitution,
upon the colored population. 3f they choose to
encourage a colored instead ofa white population,
it is their right to do so. If they choose to con-
fer on them (he right of self-government within
the limits of that State, it is their right to do so.
I do not question their right in Maine to allow a
negro to vote, if 'hey see proper, any more than
I do the right of New York to say they shall vote
provided they have $250 worth of property. These
are matters that belong to the sovereignty of each
State to decide for itself. Maine has decided the
question m one way, Illinois has decided it the
o\her; New York has made an anomalous pro-
vision, that aHows a negro to vote provided he
owns a certain amount of property, but will not
allow him to vote on an equality with white men.
I insist upon the right of Illinois, as a sovereign
State of this Union, to keep negioes out of the
State, whether free or slave, if Illinois chooses to
do so. Whether she does so or not is a question
for herself, and not for any other State to inter-
fere with.
I thought that for several years we had recog-
nized this doctrmc completely. The renowned
Kansas-Topeka constitution had a separate clause
submitted to the people at the time of Us adop-
tion, making it, the duty of the first Legislature to
pass laws to prohibit the introduction of free ne-
groes into Kansas, and that clause was adopted,
whether you call it part of the constitution or not,
as an instruction to the first Legislature that
should assemble under the Topeka constitution.
The dispute has been whether that clause was
part of the constitution or not. It was a separate
clause submitted to the people, which, if adopted,
was to be an instruction to the Legislature. The
Lecompton constitution contained a clausc much
more stringent than this. Itwas that no free nc-
gio should be permitted to live in Kansas. ^ We
allowed those people to say whether they wished
that constitution or not. If they wish if, we have
provided that they may come in under it; if they
do not, they may make a new one.
The same thing lias been done in Oregon. In
Oregon the people were permitted to say for them-
selves, by a distinct vote, whether they wished a
clause inserted in their constitution prohibiting
the bringing there of any more negroes or rnulat-
toes than now reside there. The Oregon consti-
tution does not exclude or expel from the State
the negro population now there, butitdoes make
it the duty of the Legislature to provide by law
efficient means of preventing the importation of
any more colored population into that State, i
think it is competent for them to do so. I do not
think it is competent for us to inquire into the
constitution, and deny their right to adopt that
clause. I had hoped that, the people of Oregon
having settled each of these matters for them-
selves, the negro question would not be raised in
this debate, and then we should iiave nothing to
consider but the simple question of population,
Now, one word as to population. I do not-think
there are ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty people in Oregon—the number required*
according to the existing ratio, for a member of
Congress. I think it ought to be a general rule
for the admission of States to require that num-
ber. I have made several reports from the Com-
mittee on Territories in favor of thatgeneral rule.
I reported a bill of that kind in 1856 as applicable
to Kansas. I brought in this year such a propo-
sition with a view to apply it to all Territories.
I was willing to apply it to Kansas now, and to
Oregon, if we had applied it to Kansas, and say
that neither Kansas nor any other Territory should
come in until it had thatrequisite population. But,
sir, here are two inchoate States which have pro-
ceeded to make a constitution and take the pre-
liminary steps for admission into the Union. You
have agreed to receive one with less than the pop-
ulation required, and it has the smaller population
of the two. Now, the question is, shall we, after
having agreed to admit Kansas with—say forty
thousand—refuse to admit Oregon with fifty-five
thousand, as I think she has, or with eighty thou-
sand, as her Delegate estimates? I think it is a
discriminaiion that we ought not to make. When
we come to other Territories, not having matured
their applications, it will be a point proper then
to be considered, because, to apply the rule to
them will not be invidious; it will not be making
a distinction disparaging one or conferring special
favors upon another. I hope that, withoutfurther
debate, unless there is some other question to
arise, we shall be permuted to take a vote.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. i am not disposed to make
any further debate, but simply desire to say what
I consider nccessary in reply to the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Illinois. He ask* me
the question whether I would vote to expel Illi-
nois from the Union ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I expressed the hope that
you would not.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. The Senator says he
expressed the hope that I would not; but it waa
rather put interrogatively on the supposition that
it was possible toexpel her for the reason that
she does not allow free people of color to come
into that Stale to reside. 1 believe that is the policy
of Illinois, though I do not know what the pecu-
liar provision of her constitution is in that respect.
The Senator, I suppose, will do me the justice to
think that I understand the difference between the
two cases; at all events I will not pay him so poor
a compliment as to think that he does not under-
stand the difference between the two cases; and
therefore when he expresses that hope, I suppose
it is rather by way of illustration than for the pur-
pose of argument.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will confess that it was
a playful remark. I did not suppose there was
much danger of his making the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, Mr. President, let
me say, then, in addition to what I said before on
this subject, that I attach no sort of consequence
to all this talk about the power of Congress to
reject a State. Some gentlemen are m the habit
of saying that we cannot reject a State for such a
reason, and we cannot reject a State for another
reason. Sir, I hold to the broadest doctrine upon
that point. Congress has a right to refuse the
admission of a Ten uory applying to be admitted
into the Union asaStatcfor any reason or for no
reason at all. The power given by the Constitu-
tion is unlimited. Congress may admit a State.
That, in my judgment, includes all power over
the subject; Congress may, if it chooses, refuse
to admit a State, and Congress may do it for as
many leasons as there aie different members of
Congress. This debate is an illustration. One
member may object for one reason, another for
another. Every member of Congress must act
upon his own responsibility and for a reason that
is satisfactory to him. I do not know that the
reason I adduced for my action in this case would
be satisfactory to any other member; I do not
know that it would to my colleague; I do not
know that there are any other States which stan?d
in the peculiar attitude that my State does iathis
