1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
respect. But, air, standing as she does with such
a constitution, and with such a construction of her
constitution as has been given by the highest
judicial tribunal, to my mind the consequence is
inevitable. As i said before, the constitution of
the State of Maine makes negroes citizens. The
question is not merely one of voting. I would
not object to this constitution, if it said simply
that no colored person should vote or should ex-
ercise the elccuve franchise. That is a different
matter. I concede that a State must judge of that
matter for itself. It has just as much power to
fix that as a qualification, as any other. This
question, however, goes much further than that.
1 have said that under the provisions of the con-
stitution of the State of Maine, the supreme court
of that State has decided that free negroes are
citizens of that State, and have not only a right to
vole as a necessary consequence of citizenship,
but all other rights of citizens. The question was
put to the court: had they a right to vote? That
involved the point of citizenship; and the court
has decided that free colored persons are citizens
of the State of Maine.
Now, what dots this constitution which is be-
fore us from Oregon, say? It says that no free
colored persons shall be permitted to come into
the State of Oregon, it says, therefore, that a cer-
tain set of people, who aie citizens of the State of
Maine, acer'am portion of the citizens of the State
of Maine, shall not be peimitted to go into Ore-
gon. What, then, is the result? As I said be-
fore, a certain number of my fellow-citizens, en-
titled to all the pi mioses in my State that I am
under the laws of that State, not only of the elect-
ive franchise, but of being elected to office, are
excluded from this proposed State. I say I can-
not vote for the admission of a State which re-
fuses to a portion of the citizens of the State of
Maine the right to go into that State and reside,
or the right to go there for anv other purpose,
when it extends that right to other citizens. The
operation of such a provision on a portion of the
Citizens of my own State, makes my position pe-
culiar.
After a State hns been admitted into the Union,
there is an end of our control, so far as t he power
of Congress goes. Oregon mi£> hi be ad nutted wi! h-
out this provision in her constitution, and she
might change it the next day within the forms of
law, and prohibit free colored people from coming1
into that State; but it would give me no power, and
Congress no power, to exclude her from the Union,
or to make any objection to it. If a free citizen of
the State of Maine, a person of color, then chimed
any constitutional rights there, he must try them
for himself; but, so far as the State was concerned,
it would stand in the Union after making such an
alteration of its constitution, precisely on the same
ground that it did before, as a sovei ejgn State of
the Union. The individuals of other States, who
frit aggrieved by its action, if they had rights there
of which they were deprived, must seek for them,
and sustain them at the proper tribunals, and in
the proper way.
There is then verv evidently, I say for an ex-
planation and in reply to what the Senator from
Illinois says was a playful remark of his, a very
marked difference between exercising the power
which I have as a Senator to vote against the ad-
mission of' a State, and quarreling with that State
for what she may do that 1 did not approve, or
that I may think unconstitutional, nftor she is
admitted into the Union. My power is ended as
a Senator of the United States when the act of
admission is consummated.
Kow, sir, I do not feci disposed to argue this
matter any further. I did not wish to bring in the
slavery question, and I have not brought it into
this debate at all. I have no desire to go over
the old ground about that. I have expressed my
opinions hero often enough on that subject. My
object simply was to state a reason m explana-
tion oi my vote on this question, which might
perhaps, to some people, require explanation. I
have given one sutiicLeut ground (and I shall say
nothing of others, fur one good reason is enough)
why I shall not feel justified m voting for this con-
stitution which is presented to us.
Mr. DOLG-LAS. The Senator from Maine ad-
mits that when Oregon is once in the Union, she
may immediately adopt the clause that is now
under debate, pioluhiUng the introduction of free
negroes, but he thinks we ought not to admit her
with that constitution. Now, permit me to say
that if he acknowledges that she may do it the
day after she is in the Union, it is a concession
that she has a right to have that clause in her con-
stitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean to say that she
has the power to put it there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. She has no power to put it
there unless she has a constitutional right to put
it there, for this reason: if it violates the Consti-
tution of the United States, it is void. If it does
not violate the Constitution of the United States,
she has a right to put it. there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatisaquestionforthe
courts, as I stated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As it is a question for the
courts, I would ask the Senator from Maine how
are the people of Oregon to have an opportunity
of testing that question in the courts unless you
admit her? Unless you admit her, how can the
question be raised? If the Senator would keep
her out of the Union, because of that clause in
her constitution, he would, by that negative vote,
deprive her of the opportunity of going into the
courts to ascertain whether or not she has a con-
stitutional right to exercise this power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand my position at alJ,and he is going off
at a tangent. The point I have presented is sim«
ply with reference to my own vote; I am not dis-
cussing the rights of Oregon at all, cither in the
Union nor out of it. I say that, if she should be
admitted now in this way, or if, after being ad-
mitted with such a clause in her constitution, she
should put it in, that involves matters affecting
the rights of individuals which it will be for others
to settle when they arise between her and them-
1 am not discussing that point, nor the rights of
Oregon; but I am speaking merely as to what in-
fluences my vote. It is, that this provision is
wrong m its operation upon my own State. That
is not a question for the courts to settle, because,
as a Senator, I have a right to vote as I please;
and I give that as a reason for my vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I concede the right of the Sen-
ator to vote "no''upon the admission of Oregon.
That I do not question a' all. I supposed he was
raising the point that it was wrong to receive Or-
egon into the Union with such a clause in her
constitution. I repel that, because several States,
my own among the number, have such clauses
in their constitutions. I repel it, furthermore, for
the reason that, if a State comes into the Union,
she has a right to come in with just such a con-
stitution as she pleases, provided it does m>t vio-
late the Constitution of the United States. I deny
your right to impose any limitations on the sov-
ereignty of a new Slate that does not rest upon
the sovereignty of all the States by virtue of the
Constitution of the United States. I will not pro-
long th^ debate.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to argue this
question at any length, but 1 observe in looking
over the constitution presented to us from Oregon,
that it enters upon a new doctrine, and goes fur-
ther than any other State constitution which has
yet been presented to us. The negru question has
become familiar to us all; my position on it has
been defined so often that I n<bed not say anything
about it now; but I perceive that this constitution
puts Chinamen upon the same footing, and sub-
jects them to the same disabilities with negroes.
It appears to me that that is a novelty. I do not
know how far a State may go, or ought to go, m
discriminating between the rights of one foreign
people and another. I do not rise now to debate
the subject, but barely to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that this constitution, for the
first time, so far as I know, undertakes to discrim-
inate between the tights of foreigners coming into
the State, for it declares that " no negro, China-
man, or mulatto, shall have the right of suffrage."
That disability it imposes alike upon Chinamen
and negroes. In another clause it declares, (i that
no Chinaman, not a resident of this State at the
time of the adoption of this constitution, shall
ever hold any real estate or mining claim, or work
any mining claim therein." And I believe upon
every occasion where they are mentioned, it puts
Chinamen, negroes, and mulattoes on precisely
the same footing. The Constitution of the United
Slates declares that Corigiess may establish a uni-
form system of naturalization. Suppose a for-
eigner from Chinashould be naturalized under the
laws of the United States, would not his rights be
in conflict with this provision of the constitution
of Oregon ? I am not now prepared to decide that
point. At all events, this is a novelty, and it
would sound rather harshly in our ears if the pro-
vision were that no Englishman or mulatto should
be entitled to certain rights, or that a Frenchman
and mulatto should be put under certain disabili-
ties; but so far as I know, the principle would be
precisely the same. If we begin to discriminate
between foreign people, I do not know where we
shall stop, nor by what principle we shall be gov-
erned.
But, sir, as I said before, I did not rise to argue
this question. These provisions attracted my no-
tice, and I merely desired to suggest them, think-
ing they might be of sufficient importance to chal-
lenge the investigation of the Senate. Here is an
attempt to discriminate between one foreign peo-
pleand auotherimmigratinginto thcUnited States.
It strikes me that it would be invidious and unjust.
I do not like the looks of it, to say the least,
Mr. WILSON. The people of Oregon, Mr.
President, have framed and adopted a constitution
excluding slavery; and I am sure no State rejoices
more over that act of the people of Oregon than
the people of the State I represent. They will ex-
pect me to give my vote to welcome the free State
of Oregon into this sisterhood of free Common-
wealths. I know I may be censured—censured by
personal and political friends—but I cannot give
my vote for the admission of Oregon into the
Union under this constitution. The people of
Oregon have adopted a constitution excluding sla-
very; but they have put a provision in this con-
stitution which I believe to be unconstitutional,
inhuman, and unchristian. They not only ex-
clude negroes and mulattoes from residing in the
State, but they have made a provision that they
can not hold any real estate there; they cannot make
j any contracts, nor "maintain any suit." Now, Mr.
1 Piesident, I live in a Commonwealth that recog-
, mzes the absolute and perfect equality of all men
j of all races. A mulatto or negro in the State I
I represent is not only a citizen of the State; he not
i only has the right to vote, but, if the people choose
j to do it, they may elect him to any office in their
i gift.
j Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ?
j Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
I Mr. CLAY. I know that the laws of Massa-
i chusetts recognize the oniire equality of the negro
I with the white man. I would ask, however,
whether the people of that State recognize the so-
i cial equality of tlic negro, and treat him socially
i as ail equal ?
j Mr. WILSON. That is a very difficult ques-
j tion to give a precise and exact answer. I know
i that in Massachusetts, as in other free States, and
i I think in the free States quite as much as in the
' slave States, there is a strong prejudice against
colored people, and it exists to more or less ex-
ten tin Massachusetts. However, the public sen-
timent of that State is up to this point: it has
given them all the legal rights it gives to the rest
of the people, and every man among them has
open to him all the avenues and pursuits of life.
He can make himself what he chooses to he.
There is a prejudice, and an unjust prejudice, in
regard to men of intelligence and of personal char-
acter, men in every proper sense of the word highly
respectable. I do not think in social life they are
fully recognized; that colored men, with the same
intellectual qualities, the same moral qualities,
are not in Massachusetts regarded as they would
j be if they were white men. I hope the Senator
' understands my answer.
! I find, that in a book written a quarter of a cen-
tury ago by Sir William Gore Ousely, speaking
: of this prejudice in this country, he said:
i " II an individual, concentrating the wisdom and virtue?
i of everv age in Ins own person, and inheriting the qualities
i ot'a Socrates, an Alfred, a (rii-tavus Basil, and a Wnstnng-
1 Ion combined, were born with a neirro skin m the Uniled
I Stares,! do not think that lie would ever be allowed a per-
j fbctly social equality uith a white scoundrel."
! That same feeling lingers, to more or less ex-
j tent, in all the States of the Union, my own State
j included. Wo have, in Massachusetts, about
| eight thousand colored persons, and I may say
i that, generally, they are persons of intelligence,
of molality, of personal character. Hundreds of
those persons go out in our slaps to every portion
■ of the globe. Many of them go on board our
