t
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1858.
3N"ew Series No. 56.
of tii* former constitution of Massachusetts, and
not nf the present one.
Mr. DAWES. The present constitution of
Massachusetts contains no such provision. With-
in a few years th*i Legislature of Massachusetts
has exercised that power, and their power has
bem contested before the supreme courtof Massa-
chusetts. I was interested m the gentleman's ar-
gument, and it may be a matter of curiosity to
him to refer to tiie record of that matter. By refcr-
rin; to the opinion of the supreme court of Mas-
sachusetts, he will find that power fully discussed,
and I think he will find that the opinion of the
supreme courtof Massachusetts conflicts some-
what with the opinion which the gentleman has
now given.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. In respect to
political questions, the people of the United States,
in the various departments of the Government in
which they exercise power, are supreme. The
judicial authorities decide in regard to rights
brought into coutest in individual cases. What-
ever might have been the decision of any court
might be a matter of curiosity, and within the
sphere of judicial action it would be entitled to
and receive my respect; hut it would not determ-
ine my course upon a question of this nature
This is a political question, and it must bedecided
by political bodies with reference to the great
principles which regulate public rights.
I have referred to many of the provisions con-
tained in the various constitutions of the various
Slates directly after they ceased to be members of
the great British Empire. I have alluded to the
diversity between them; and I have insisted that it
was in consequence of differences m their provis-
ions; and that the powers existing in the various
Legislatures were to be determined by the grants
made to them by the people when they adopted
these different State constitutions.
When the Constitution of the United States was
framed we had these various constitutions in ex-
istence, and the people, who through their repre-
sentatives were about to engage in the great work
of constructing a new Government, were perfectly
aware of the character of legislative assemblies;
were perfectly aware of the accidents to which
they were subjected, to the embarrassments and
trammels which might be thrown about the mem-
bers; of the importance of purity of conduct m
members, as well as of giving them security and
independence of action; and when they framed the
Constitution, and determined the charactei of the
legislative bodies to which the legislative power
of the country was intrusted, they laid down m
specific language the power which they vested
iu the two legislaiive bodies with respect to their
own members. The Constitution of the United
States, in section five, contains this clause:
"Eich IIouso may determine the rule-; of n= proceeding,
pumsti its members lor disonleily belmvioi, and, with the
concurrence of two third.-, expel amenit^u.'1
My own opinion is, that all the power which
was conferred on this House, or the other House
of Congress, is to be derived trom that particular ;
clause,°and that no other power exists but what
is given directly in that clause, or results from
it by necessary implication. iNow, sir, the first
thing which strikes us is the absence from the
Constitution of the United States of any provision
giving the right to expel for any other cause, ex-
cept that growing out of disorderly conduct on
the part of its members. This Government is
one of limited powers. There is no power in the
Constitution of the United States which is not the
result of express delegation or which does not
result necessarily by implication trom some dele-
gated power. In determining upon the power
which should be vested in the two Houses of
Congress, the representatives of the people, who
were engaged m framing that great, instrument,
were jealous of conferring any more power than
was necessary to attain the end aimed at. The
only power really necessary was that of controll-
ing its members, and compelling them to submit
to the rules which the Houses, m their judgment,
might find necessary for the proper prosecution
56
of the public business. With respect to pro-
tecting themselves against external violence, that
protection was to be derived from the legislative
power of the two Houses, or from the action of
the House, through its own officers to resist in-
trusion within its limits or to put an end to phys-
ical violence or disorder iti its presence.
Now the question is as to the power to expel. It
is said that legislative bodies have the power, in
all instances, of expelling members who have dis-
graced themselves by infamous conduct,who have
been guilty of conduct incompatible with the hon-
est discharge of the trust confided to them, or who
have committed criminal offenses. That is true
with respect to the Parliament of Great Britain,
because fhey have so declared it by their laws.
That is true, too, in regard to the Legislatures of
many of the States, because the power has been
expressly conferred by their constituents.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana if he holds that the power
to expel, with the concurrence of two thirds, in-
cludes no other cause of expulsion than disorderly
behavior, winch he has mentioned '
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. That is my con-
viction ; and I will refer to something which shows
that there has been previous action in one of the
Houses of the American Congress that indicates
the existence and recognition of that principle,
and I will then proceed to show the necessity for
acting upon it, now. ;
Mr. STANTON. If 1 understand th* gentle-
man correctly, he claims not only that the power
does not exist by virtue of the Constitution to
expel for any cau^e except disorderly conduct; but
that Congress has no power under the Constitu-
tion to pass any law making any offense, except
simply disorderly behavior, a cause for expulsion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I £o to that ex-
tent. I am perfectly persuaded that Congress can-
not create any other causc of expulsion. I say it
is not within the power of Congress to make any
other rule. Now it is competent for this body to
adopt any rules which it sees fit for the govern-
ment of its proceedings. Itcan make those rules
and prohibit its members fioni doing any act
which, in their judgment, is °f a character incon-
sistent with legislative purity, or which, in their
judgment, is inconsistent with the propriety of
legislative conduct, and make the violation of
such rules a reason for expulsion.
The power of the House over this subject, in
my view, is unlimited. They adopt the laws
which are to govern m relation to that matter, and
whatever, in the judgment of the House, would
be a proper giound of' expulsion, ilmt they can
determine for themselves and embody in their
rules; because, so far as relates to the existence
and action of this body, by the Constitution of
the United States, the power of legislation over
its members, as members, and to regulate and
govern their conduct as members, is vested in the
House, and that that power is exclusive.
Now, sir, with the permission of the House, I
will proceed to show how 1 conceive that power
is to be exercised, how it has been limited, and
why it should be so.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman hold
that the term ;i disorderly behavior5' excludes
offenses committed beyond the halls of legisla-
tion, such as bribery, or an offense that may have
been committed when Congress was not in ses-
I s*on •
; Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. No, sir.
j I will now proceed to show why the different
i States have adopted dilferentrules,so far as relates
i to the devolving of power upon legislative bodies
I to expel. The reason is that the power to expel is
! a delicate power. Underthetheoryof ourGovern-
j ment, each constituency is to'judge for itself of the
j qualifications and character of the individuals they
I may select to represent them; and, therefore, m
' different States they have looked upon this power
I as an extremely delicate one, and they have not
I conferred this power upon their legislative assem-
| bhes. If that power be a delicate one when it is
i to be applied to individuals belonging to the same
State, members of the same political sovereignty,
how much more delicate does it become when it
is a power to be applied in respect to individuals
who come here, not merely as citizens of the
United States, but who come here as the repre-
sentatives of constituencies making a portion of
communities possessed of sovereign power in
their separate capacities as States?
Now, sir, I said that the sole power was vested
in each House, that they were possessed of the ex-
clusive power of determining upon what grounds
this power should be exercised, because they were
possessed of the exclusive power of establishing
rules for the government of their members. I
will, with the permission of the House, refer to
one instance that is remarkable—one, perhaps,
that may not have attracted the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] or any
other individual who now hears me.
The Senate of the United States has as great
power as the House of Representatives of the
United States. They have power to expel in the
same manner. That provision of the Constitu-
tion applies in the same degree to them. Now,
it is known to all that the Senate of the United
States is a body that not only exercises legislative
functions, but that it discharges certain functions
that are connected with the executive power of
the country, and whilst they are engaged in the
transaction of executive business, by the rules of
the Senate, there is an injunction of secrecy. The
rule prohibits any individual from making pub-
lic anything that transpires in an executive ses-
sion; and that injunction of secrecy exists, not
only with respect to communicating anything
which passes in executive session, but to the com-
munication of any fact brought to their knowledge
by executive communication made to .them. A
few years ago, when an important treaty was
before the Senate, and whilst the Senate was still
engaged in discussing questions growing out of
the consideration of that treaty, surreptitiously,
and m violation of the rules of ihe Senate, some
member communicated a copy of that treaty to a
person connected with one of our newspapers.
That was an offense of as grave a character as
could be perpetrated by any man discharging the
functions ofo Senatorof the United States. What
was the conduct of the Senate upon that occasion ?
Did they proceed to exorcise the power of expul-
sion, which was given to them in the Constitu-
tion, for violating the rules of order? Not at all,
sir. And the reason was, that although there was
a rule of the Senate which prohibited any such
disclosure, there was no rule of the Senate which
declared that the penalty of such disclosure should
be expulsion, cut immediately after the occur-
rence of that case, immediately after the excite-
ment had passed away which was consequent
upon it, the Senate adopted rule 51, for the pur-
pose of meeting that very contingency; they took
the action winch this House ought to take, and
adopted a rule declaring what should be a ground
of expulsion. I refer the House to rule 51 of the
Senate, which was adopted upon that occasion,
and which prescribes that—
Any officer or member of the Senate convicted of dis-
closing for publication any written or printed matter, di-
rected* by the Senate to be held in confidence, shall be lia-
ble, if an officer to dismissal from the service of the Senate,
and in the case of a member, to suffer expulsion from the
body."
Now, Mr. Speaker, any other course of pro-
ceeding than that adopted by the Senate would,
in my view, be in violation of every principle of
good government; it would be a violation of every
principle recognized in a republican system; it
would be a violation of the most sacred rights of
man and of the sacred right of the Representative.
That the power exists of laying down rules, of
prescribing laws, and of expelling members if
they violate them, is perfectly certain; but that
ri?ht, vested in the House, is to be exercised bv
established rules. The disorderly conduct, for
which a member may be expelled, is the violation
of the rules of order. Adopt any other construc-
tion than that, and you establish a tyranny; adopt
any other construction than that, and you give to
