882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
this House and to the other House an arbitrary-
power, depending upon the mere will of the ma-
jority—andthatistyraimy; you give thempower
to create an offense after it has been committed,
and to inflict punishment before the law has been
laid down. The Apostle says that where there
is no law there is no transgression; and that is a
principle which obtains in politics and in the ac-
tion of civil society, as it does in morals and reli-
gion.
Now, sir, I have detained the House longer than
I had intended, but to my mind it seems clear,
that this is a question of the greatest importance.
It seems to me that it would be wrong—that it
would be more than wrong; that it would be in
violation of all true principle—for this House to
proceed to act upon any such question until it has,
by its rules, provided for the cases before they
arise.
Now, what is the position of this personSo
far as I know he has not been in his seat during
this session. If he has been, he certainly has
not placed himself within the public gaze. He
has withdrawn himself because, so far as I can
judge, from the manner of those around me, he
is looked upon as a moral Pariah. If the House
should act in the direction proposed in the reso-
lution, what public advantage would he secured?
The constituents of this gentleman will have an
opportunity, in November next, of passing sen-
tence upon him for themselves. I have 110 doubt
that they will visit him with the most exemplary
punishment. I have no doubt that when the
month of November shall have passed by, it will
be found that he will have died a political death.
Then, I ask, what public advantage is to be ob-
tained in taking the action proposed ? According
to my view it would be a dangerous precedent,
because it would imply a determination on the
partof this House to punish as a crime over which
the House has jurisdiction, an act which the
House had not before declared should be consid-
ered a crime; because it would be visiting with
a penalty an act which, when it was done, was
not by the House regarded as an offense against
its rules of order.
Under these circumstances I, for one, am op-
posed to all action. 1, for one, am in favor of
laying the resolution on the table, with a view
to have the House, hereafter, embodyin its rules
a provision which will provide for cases of this
kind.
Mr. GIDDINGS. For the reasons assigned by
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] for
delay in this case, I desire immediate action upon
it. I desire that the House shall act to-day effi-
ciently and conclusively on the resolution. The
people of that district have a right to be repre-
sented on this floor. I speak not of the guilt or
innocence of the accused; but his absence from
this Hall, as noted by the gentleman from Louis-
iana, shows to me conclusively that he ought not
to be here. Neither the sickness of a wife,, nor
the death of a partner, nor the illness of children
or family or friends, can exempt a man elected by
his constituents from the duty of attending in ins
place here.
Now, I desire that the majority of the House
should act one way or the other. I am opposed
to the motion of my friend to refer this case. Let
it be decided at once. I will not argue the law. I
do not believe that it would bo prudent for me to
enter into such argument. I only wish to say, I
desire that the majority shall take this case into
their own hands; and 1 hope that no member 011
this side of the House will throw himself in the
%yay of executing judgment, or of delaying the
estabiishmentof a precedent which will govern us
all, and our successors in coming time. I invoke
the majority to establish just such a precedent as
they desire, and we will carry it out.
I meiely rose to say that I rejoice that this por-
tion of the House commenced a system of purify-
ing this body which was never introduced into it
before the Republicans obtained possession of it.
I rejoiced most heartily that my friend [Mr. Kel-
seyJ brought in his resolution of investigation.
He did so after consultation with me. It was
because we then had the power over our own
friends. I rejoiced when I saw my own intimate
friends coming up to the work and letting the ax
descend upon their own particular associates. It
was one of the proudest moments of my life. 1
now implore them to maintain the position which
they have taken; and now upon the opposite party
rests the responsibility.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not propose to enter at
length in to a d iscu ssion of the expediency of voting
the expulsion of the member from New York
whose name is mentioned in the resolution. But
I do propose to submit a few observations in
regard to the power and the jurisdiction of the
House. The proposition before the House is to
expel thatmember. I conceive, sir, that over him
the House has absolute jurisdiction. But such is
the importance of the question involved, that it is
meet and proper that the House should approach
it with due deliberation, and in a frame of mind
eminently judicial. I am gratified to perceive from
the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Seward,] and of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] that they are opposed to the assump-
tion of any doubtful power by this House; and,
sir, I regret that the action of the House during
the present session has not in all cases been char-
acterized by that deliberation. I allude to the fact
that at this moment a citizen of the United States,
who has no right to be heard on this floor, is now
incarcerated in a dungeon over the votes of a re-
spectable minority of this body, and put there
under a gag; the proceedings against whom I
avail myself of this opportunity to enter my sol-
emn protest.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether he thinks the mi-
nority should have the power to put the gag on
the majority?
Mr. HUGHES. I did not say that the minor-
ity had that power. I say that this man was im-
prisoned over the vote of a respectable minority
of this body, and that it was done under the pre-
vious question, moved by the gentleman from
Ohio. Permit me to say that the motion to lay
this resolution upon the table, and thereby cutoff
all discussion on this impovtantquestion, was in-
appropriate and in ill-keeping with the remarks
which the gentleman from Ohio himself submitted
to-day.
This resolution has been before this House for
more than one month. It is the special Older for
ihis day. Every member of this body must have
had his attention more or less directed to this ques-
tion. I presume that almost every member of
this body has some opinion 011 the subject, as to
the power of the House to expel a member. For
my part, I desire to say here that my opinions on
that question are fully made up; but I am not
prepared to vote for the resolution in its present
form; and, therefore, I hope to see it modified;
and for that purpose, before I close my remarks,
I will submit a motion to rt-fur it to what I con-
ceive to be the proper committee—the Committee
on the Judiciary.
But as to the power of the House. Why have
we not the power to expel the member from New
York? Because it is alleged that he committed
offenses which were passed upon by a previous
Congress. There is a very memorable instance
bearing, to some extent, on this question—" the
Middlesex election," where Mr. Wilkes was ex-
pelled by one Parliament, reelected, and refused
permission to take his seat in following Parlia-
ments.
Mr. SEWARD. Did the gentleman ascertain
that that was done on an existing British statute,
which affixed a permanent disqualification?
Mr. HCJGHES. I did not.
Mr. SEWARD. That is the fact.
Mr. HUGHES. The result of that contro-
versy was, and the precedent was fully estab-
lished, that an expulsion from one Parliament did
not render a man ineligible to a seat in another.
That was the point which was decided. It was
never decided that a subsequent Parliament had
not the power to expel a man, in its discretion.
It was maintained that the vote of expulsion ab-
solutely disqualified the member from sitting in
a subsequent. Parliament; and it has never been
decided, to my knowledge, that a man may not
be expelled by two legislative bodies for the same
offense, though it would be unjust, and in contra-
vention of the settled principles of jurisprudence
m this country.
Sir, what are the facts in this case ? 'The mem-
ber whom it is proposed to expel, was charged
with certain offenses by a Congress of which he
was a member. Afteraful! investigation, he was
found sufficiently implicated to justify a commit-
tee of that House in reporting a resolution for his
expulsion. He evaded that resolution by a vol-
untary resignation. Whetherthe resolutions were
subsequently passed, at a time when he was no
longeramemberof thatbodyornot, Ihumbly con-
ceive has little to do with the question before the
House, because the bar of a former conviction
technically does not interpose itself if he had vol-
untarily severed his connection with Congress
and evaded the resolution. He placed himself be-
yond their reach voluntarily. He did it, no doubt,
purposely. He withdrew himself outof the juris-
diction of the body. The punishment, then, ex-
cept in a moral aspect, was never visited 011 him.
The legal bar, then,does not exist; and the ques-
tion which presents itself to this House is simply
this: ought he to sit as a member of this body?
Has his conduct been such as, in the judgmentof
this House, acting judicially, disqualifies himfor
a seat upon this floor? Then when it comes to
that question, judging from the expressions of
opinion which have been made by gentlemen 011
both sides of this House, I apprehend there will
be great unanimity. It seems to be a conceded
fact, a matter beyond controversy, that the mem-
ber from New York is regarded as having for-
feited his right to the respect of his associates,
and his usefulness as a member of this body. No
legal bar interposes itself between him and the
action of this House.
1 say, then, that the question of power is clear.
The question of expediency alone remains on the
question whether he ought to be expelled or not.
1 do not know what opinions others may enter-
tain; but for my part, I believe, if the proposition
were before me, unexceptionable in its form, I
would vote, as a matter of justice to the House,
and the constituents of that member, in favor of
his expulsion. But, sir, I will not vote for that
resolution in its present form, because I do not
think it places the case upon its true ground, or
upon as strong ground as it can be placed upon.
For that reason I desire to see this resolution go
( to the Committee on the Judiciary, that they may
i examine the subject, report their views on the
question of power and the question ofexpediency,
and that they may present the proposition in a
proper form. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
! Giddimgs,] who last addressed the House, feels
disposed to dedicate himself to the work of puri-
fication; and he boasts that that work has been
inaugurated by the party with which he acts. I
wish to make no issue with the gentleman on that
question: but, sir, I leave it for history to declare
which party upon this floor has created the neces-
sity for that work of purification. I am in favor
of purification in reference to those matters con-
1 cerning which this House has jurisdiction. I
; believe this House has jurisdiction of this matter,
j and therefore the appeal of the gentleman from
I Ohio [Mr. Gidijings] comes with full force to the
! majority of this House, to define their position
upon this question, and to take the responsibility
! of action here.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to explain what I
1 said. I meant nothing more than to allude to the
| fact that they have the power, and that they should
1 feel the responsibility of disposing of this case.
Mr. HUGHES. I say the appeal was just.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I meant nothing offensive.
Mr. HUGHES. I approve of the gentleman's
i remark, and I hope the majority will take it home
to themselves, and will not evade the question.
Mr. SEWARD. Have the Administration a
majority in this Hall ?
Mr. HUGHES. I suppose the Administration
have a majority upon all questions but one; and
I rather think, sir, that when the final vote is
taken, they will have it upon that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will confine
his remarks to the question before the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I was only answering the
question propounded by thegentleman from Geor-
i S'a-
1 But, sir, I say that when this House is so care-
| ful to proceed prudently, and with a due regard to
1 the Constitution,in this matter, I hope they will
i not proceed so slowly as to present the spectacle
to the people of this country of permitting a
1 member, convicted of corruption, over whom we
have jurisdiction, and whom self-condemnation
has banished from a seat 111 this Hall, without the
judgment of the House, to sit in this Hall, and
that,too, while the House proceeded, in hat haste,
