1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
to incarcerate a private citizen upon a question
of very doubtful jurisdiction. While we have a
citizen of this country in jail for having been, per-
haps, a coiahoivr with the member from New
York in the work of corrupting legislation in the
last Congress, this House, sir, owes it to itself
to act with all becoming speed that is consistent
with justice in dealing with that member himself.
I move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee" on the Judiciary.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose, Mr.
Speaker, to submit a few remarks to the consid-
eration of this House; and I take occasion to say
that I trust that there will be no parties in the
consideration of this question. I trust that mem-
bers from all sides will come up to its consider-
ation with candor and judgment, and will* pass
upon it in a manner that becomes their duty to
themselves and their country. I mean not to
know party; and so meaning, I shall have no
reference to parties in the views I shall present
upon this subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I wish to say that in the re-
marks I made, I only intended to take the ground
that the postponement of this matter depended
upon the majority; that they having the majority
could act one way or the other, as they clioose.
I had no idea of embarrassing any one. On the
contrary, I shall vote unhesitatingly.
Mr. SMITH, of Yirgima. During the IastCon-
gress, when this body was engaged m the con-
sideration ofa question connected with this matter,
I will say that the House evinced a most com mend-
ableearnestness in purgingitselfofthose who ap-
peared to be obnoxious to the proper judgment of
the House. I will say that neither party evinced
any hesitation in doing what became them. It was
my fortune, upon that occasion, to offer a resolution
as a substitute for the report of the committee in
reference to one member, which substitute was
happily adopted; and I mustexpress my surprise,
therefore, that in the face of such conduct upon
the part of the last House, the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] who was a member
then, should have intimated to the country and to
this House that we acted under the influence of
passion and prejudice.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The gentleman
will remember that in that Congress we acted not
only upon this class of cases, but upon the eases
of Brooks, Keitt, and Edmundsox.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We are dealing now
with this particular question. The question is,
what was the conduct of the House upon this case,
and this particular class of cases? I say the House
evinced no passion and no unbecoming prejudice
whatever. My opinion is, and I say it with pleas-
ure, without reference to anybody, that there was
a prompt and decided disposition to expel from
this Hail men who were shown to be unworthy
of association here. As to those other cases to
which the gentleman referred, they are not before
us, and I did not imagine they were in the mind of
the gentleman while indulging in remarks upon
this class of cases. The question, it seems to me,
is a very simple one. The last Congress did pass
a resolution such as that which I have before me
now, bearing upon this particular member to whom
the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois re-
fers; and he acknowledged the truthfulness, as I
conceive, of that report of the committee, by re-
signing his seat with a view to avoid the judgment
of the House. Such was the strength of the con-
viction of that House against him, and so unwil-
ling were they, even after his resignation, to per-
mit him to go free, that they took up and passed
the resolution which is referred to in the preamble
to the resolution offered by the gentleman fiom
Illinois. And the question comes up now, whether
a member thus expelled from this Hall, by his own
confession of his guilt, and by the actual judgment
of this House upon one of the resolutions they
adopted, and which was reported against him, can
come here and take his seat with us, as his peers,
and represent a portion of the sovereign people of
this country.
The learned gentleman from Louisianahas given
us an argument upon this subject which I must
respectfully submit is of a curious character. The
gentleman says that no legislative body has inhe-
rent powers. I am opposed to the whole doctrine
of inherent powers beyond what is clearly and
indispensably legitimate, and I beg leave to call
the attention of the House to that clause of the
Constitution which bears upon this subject:
"Each House may dcteimine the rules of its proceedings,
punish in members for d«soideily behavior, and, with the
concuncnce of two thirds, expel a member."
Does not that clause of the Constitution imply,
necessarily, inherent powers? Can, sir, that grant
of power be executed by this House without the
necessary investigation, without the necessary
examination?
"Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish its members for disorderly benuvior, and, With the
concuirence of two thirds, expel a member."
I Does that not imply that this House has aright
j to exercise all of that class of inherent powers
I requisite to give effect and influence to this clause
' of the Constitution ? But the gentleman says that
there is no power to expel a member, except for
disorderly conduct; that, no matter what may be
the debasementof thccouductof membersof this
House, no matter what its atrocity, the Constitu-
tion gives power to expeMTor disorderly conduct,
but does not give power to expel for murder, fel-
ony, or other misdemeanor. Such an argument,
it seems to me, is utterly unsound, and proves
itself so by the very curiosity of the conclusion
to which it leads. I will not, of course, use adis-
courteous term; but the gentleman says that the
power to expel for these graver offenses is to be
found in the first clause of this section; that each
House may determine the rules of its proceedings;
and that, under that power, you may provide tor
the expulsion of members who are guilty of these
enormous offenses. The Constitution, according
to that gentleman's argument, -specifies that yuu
may expel a member for disordoily conduct, but
loaves it, to the rules of the House to provide for
expulsion for graver offenses. That argument, ;
sir, is not sound, it seems to me, and cannot sen- ]
ously command the attention of tins House. j
This clause of the Constitution is divided into \
three parts. Each House may determine the j
rules of its proceedings." That is an independent
power, embracing, manifestly, independent sub- '
jects, having 110 refeience whatever to the conduct
of members. It then goes on as follows: " may
punish its members for disorderly behavior.'' I
say that it was not contemplated by the Consti- 1
tution that a member should be expelled for dis- j
orderly behavior. He is to be punished in such 1
manner as such conduct deserves, according to |
the judgment and discretion of the House. |
But the clause goes on: " and with the concur- [
rente of two thirds may expel a member." It j
does not require two thirds to punish a member ,
for disorderly behavior. No, a majority may do >
that, but you cannot exercise so grave a power ;
as that of driving from this Hall the Uepvesenta- ,
tive of a portion of the sovereign people of this
Union, unless it commands the concurrence of j
two thirds of this House. 1 mention these things >
for the consideration of the Mouse. And now the j
| question comes up: what ought to be our course j
! in reference to this subject? The gentleman from i
! Oluo, over the way, [Mr. Giddings,] who, I be- j
' heve, is the oldest member upon this floor, has j
rightly said that the people of Mr. Matteson's
district have a right to be lepresentod here. I say ]
so too, and if they are not represented it is our j
duty, if we can properly do so, to give them an !
opportunity to be represented. It is now within ,
our power to do so. |
The guntleman from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] 1
said very strangely, as it seemed to me, that he
would not act in this case because the member has
not shown his face here during the present t>o&-
5ion. I cannot understand the weight of that
argument, and so have no powerto answer it. It '
seems to me the fact that being a Representative
of the people, this member has totally neglected '
the duty of attendance here, only aggravates the
offense. j
What, then, sir, ought we to do? As I un- !
derstand this doctrine, it is the right and power, ,
and duty of this blouse, to expel a member for !
proper cause. The power is unqualified, and it '
would seem to be absolute, but it is controlled by i
those high and commanding considerations which !;
are presumed to surround the action of this 'j
House. We will expel, but only expel for good ,
and sufficient causp; not because there may be ;;
an arbitrary majority here in favor of it, but be-
cause it is right that it should be done. In this !j
particular case, this member retiredfrom his scat ,i
in this Hall during the last Congress, but he did
not do so until after he had been reelected a mem-
ber of the present Congress, Whilst it is our
duty to keep ourselves from improper association
with impure and unworthy men, as far as we can
legitimately do it, it is, sir, a right which, oncc
asserted, will be asserted until the people whose
Representative the member may claim to be, shall
have had an opportunity to pass upon his con-
duct. "What was the fact in this case? After Mr.
Matteson was expelled, you may say, from the
House, he did not go home and get the judgment
of his people upon his conduct. No, sir; he had
been previously electe'd to this Congress. The
people reelected him in utter ignorance of the con-
duct which caused him to be driven from this
floor, and they have had no opportunity whatso-
ever, to manifest their opinion of that conduct;
and, sir, wo are not to presume that a portion of
the sovereign people of this Union would elect a
member to this House whom this House would
unite in expelling from it. At any rate, until they
have had an opportunity to do so, it docs seem
to me that it is due, not to ourselves alone, but
due to the people who arc more immediately in-
terested in this matter, that we should act upon
this ease.
I understand it to be the doctrine of the parlia-
mentary law—the doctrine which'has been settled
in England—that until the people have had an
opportunity to pass upon the conduct of the ob-.
noxious member, the body of which he is a mem-
ber have power to expel him, and should exercise
it. He is, by the judgment of this House ut
least, unworthy to be associated with us here.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question >
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will, sir, cer-
tainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Can the people, by electing
at a subsequent election, a man who has been ex-
pelled, deprive this House of its constitutional
power to act in the ease; or would the subsequent
election cure the defect in the man's character so
that we should admit him?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I have
already said enough upon that subject. I say that
when this House drive from their association an
unworthy member, whose unworthiness has been
developed by a proper investigation, they mani-
fest their sense of the character of the member
upon whose case they act; and when he goes
home to the people, if the people choose to reelect
him, they purify him so faraswe arc concerned.
Such arc the English precedents, and such is the
reason of the thing. If you can suppose it pos-
sible that a hundred thousand of the American
people will reelect a man who is obnoxious to the
moral sense of the House of Representatives; will
reelect a man whose guilt has been manifested to
the country; then, sir, if they do that, theirs fs
the immediate interest. We can keep him front
affiliation with us; we can keep him away from
us as we would leprosy, or anything else pro-
foundly obnoxious; but if they choose to have
such a Representative, theirs is the immediate
responsibility. This has been the construction
m England, as I understand, though I have not
looked into this question for years. It is tho
proper construction here. It is bowing to thu
will of the sovereign people in the untrammeled
exercise of their right to select a Representa-
tive. H would be dangerous doctrine, indeed,
that would undertake even to trammel the right
of the people to a fair election after they knew
all the objections to the individual whom they
elected to represent them. I have no passion on
the subject; none in the world. I have no pur-
pose to gratify or subserve, except such as is con-
nected with my duty. We are bound to take
notice of the public action of Congress; we are
bound to take notice of the popular action in elec-
tions; we know the facts that are referred to; we
know that our predecessors in effect expelled this
man; we know that his reelection took place before
such expulsion; we know that his constituents
acted in ignorance of his conduct; and I say that
it is our duty to our predecessors and to the coun-
try to drive from our midst this individual. If
the people choose to reelect him, I shall be willing
that he shall take his seat, because it is their right
to have a Representative here.
1 repeat, this is the election doctrine that has
been settled m many cases. It is the one that im-
