2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The motion
can called up at any time by the mover. "What
is before the Senate now but the motion to reeon-
ider, which I have called up?
Mr. SL1DELL. I would ask if a motion to
take a recess is not in the nature of a motion to
adjourn, and is not of a higher order than a
motion to reconsider? It strikes me in that
light.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It does not
strike me. so.
Mr. CLAY. At all events, when a motion to
take a recess has been made, and is pending, it is
certainly not in order to supersede it by another
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. FITZPATRICK I wish to speak to the
motion for a recess. I think if there is any fit
occasion on which we can dispose of a large quan-
tity ofexecutive business in executive session it is
now. I am as anxious as my friend from Louis-
iana to indulge in some refreshment^ but we are
all making all the speed we can for the purpose
of closing the session on Monday, if possible. It
is very well known to the Senate that our table
is burdened with nominations, and in the race-
horse speed that has characterized our movements
for the last few days there has been no attention
paid to the Calendar in executive session. I ask
4, my friend to withdraw his motion, to enable me
to move that we proceed to the consideration of
executive business. It is well known that unless
we do that now, and have a report between now
and Monday morning, on somenominations, they
will have to lie over, and even on Monday it will
be in the power of any Senator to carry over all
the nominations unless we take- them up by con-
sent.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will with great cheerfulness
accede to the request of the Senator from Alabama,
provided it be understood that we go into execu-
tive session merely for business to vvhichi-here is
no objection, and for the purpose of reference.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That is what I de-
signed.
Mr. SLIDELL. That will not take more than
ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No gentlemen
have a right to make an agreement that we shall
lake up such business asthey choose in executive
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
allow the Chair to inquire whether the motion for
a recess is withdrawn ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move an executive
session.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some time
spent in executive session, the floors were re-
opened at fifteen minutes before live o'clock.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 understand that the action
of the Senate on the naval appropriation bill has,
by some mistake, been incorrectly reported to the
House of Representatives. The House lias been
notified that we receded from the amendment in
relation to the Brooklyn navy-yard, whereas we
not only receded from that, but from three other
amendments. It seems to me, the proper way to
correct the error would be to send a message to
the House to inform them that the Senate receded
from all these amendments.
Mr. HUNTER, What did the committee of
conference report to us as to these amendments ?
Mr. PEARCE. Nothing as to these four
amendments; because they had been receded from
by the Senate. The first and fifth amendments
had been receded from, I think, on the report of
the first committee of conference; and the Senate
afterwards receded from the second and third
amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. All that is necessary to make
it complete, inasmuch as the report says nothing
of the amendments from which we receded, would
be to send a message to the House that we did
recede from tho^e amendments.
Mr PEARCE. So I supposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will direct that to be done. The
Chair hears no objection.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I find that we shall have to
act on the loan bill at once. I was not aware be-
fore of the precise action which the House had
taken. They intended to pass the precise bill
which we passed; not choosing, I believe, that we
should originate measures of this sort; but, owing
to some of their rules of order, they moved to
strike out t,he enacting clause; and the bill was
passed as originally reported here, not as we
amended it. My purpose is to take it up and
substitute our bill for it, which will be more ac-
ceptable to them than their own; and if, after we
ascertain the amount appropriated, it be necessary
to add to the loan, we can do it then. I therefore
ask that the bill be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^The Chair hears
no objection to taking up the bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 582) was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, as a substitute for it,
our own bill. Their bill, owing to a mistake, as
I have mentioned, was passed as originally re-
ported by us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no demands for the reading of the amendment at
length. [" Oh, no."].
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendmentwas concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
SIGNAL LIGHTS*
Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
cause the invention of Samuel Gardner, jr., for making sig-
nal lights on vessels at sea and m harbors, by electricity,
to be tested; and that he report the result at the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the resoluti on be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING. Is it a mere resolution of inquiry ?
Mr. ALLEN. It is not merely a resolution of
inquiry, but it directs that experiments shall be
made—to what extent we do not know.
Mr. CLARK. One suggestion, I think, will
satisfy the Senator from Rhode Island. It is the
invention of the same gentleman who has put in
the method of lighting the Senate Chamber. He
j has also a method of furnishing a light on a ship
j at sea. I have a letter from Lieutenant Maury,
j saying that he thinks it far exceeds anything he
I has known; and I dare say that m the vacation
j the Secretary of the Navy may make some test
! of it, so that it may be known what it is.
| Mr. ALLEN. The experi merits that are ap-
! plied to the- .ships, not only of this country, but
abroad, are innumerable.
Mr. CLARK. I have a letter from Lieuten-
ant Maury saying that it is desirable this should
be tested.
Mr. ALLEN. A number of such applications
have been referred to the Committee on Naval
Alfairs, and probably if the experiments were
carried out which have been presented to the com-
mittee for the last six ihonths they would cost
$100,000.
Mr. CLARK. I do not suppose this will cost
anything of any consequence.
Mr. ALLEN, it will involve a considerable
expenditure
Mr. CLARK. I am sorry it should hp i]e-
layed, because it is desirable that this test should
be made during the vacation.
Mr. MASON. If the Secretary of the Navy
is instructed to have these experiments made, it
will involve an expenditure of money of the
amount of which we are uninformed.
The motion to refer the resolution to ihe Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs was agreed to.
JOHN HOLLAND.
On motion of Mr. Sebastian, the bill (H. R.
No. 631) granting an invalid pension to John Hol-
land, of Arkansas, was considered as m Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to grant him a ;
pension of eight dollais a month during his life,
commencing December 14, 1857.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No. 230)
for the relief of Mary Bennett, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the
motion to print the letter of W. Reckyan Bey,
with his account of the dromedary, its treatment,
and uses, reported the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to.
Resolved, That there be printed for theuseof the Senate,
in addition to the usual number, two thousaifH copies of the
letter of VV. fieckyan Bey to Edward De Leon, Esq., consul
general of the United States, m Egypt, on the treamentand
use of the dromedary.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the fees
or charges of the consul general for Canada, on
goods imported into the' United States, reported
in favor of the motion, and it was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Navy relative to the cost of
building and repairing vessels of war, reported
in favor of the motion, and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the message of the
President in relation to the Isthmus of Tehuante-
pec, reported in favor of printing the message, and
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCII, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) in regard to the
carrying the United States mails from St. Joseph,
Missouri, to Placerville, California, reported it
without amendment, and asked for its immediate
consideration.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot now be consid-
ered.
WILLIAM RANDOLPH.
Mr. POSTER. The Committee on Pensions
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 650)
granting an invalid pension to William Randolph,
have instructed me to report the same back with-
out amendment, and I beg leave to say a word
upon it. This petitioner is from the State of Ken-
tucky. He is eighty-nine years old. He was
injured in General Wayne's campaign in 1794.
The bill proposes to give him four dollars a month
from the 4th of May, of the present year. I hope
it will be passed without objection.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. %
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GrWlN,from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill^H. R. Nqj. 556) making appropilations
for the service of the PostOffice Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859,
reported that they had met the conferees on the
part of the House of Representatives, and that
the committee were unable to agree. He moved
■that the Senate further insist on its amendments,
and ask for another conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr, Toombs,
Mr. Brown, and Mr. Collameh. were appointed
conferees on the part of the Senate.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 28th of May:
Resolve/l, That the Secretai y of the Treasury be requested
to report to the Senate, at the commencement of the next
sesbjon of Cong! e^, a full and complete h*t of all collection
districts fort lie collection ot duties on imports; showing in
each (liquet:
J. The amount of revenue annually collected",
2. The amount expended for salaries of officers and em-
ploy annually ; and
3. Tug amounts expended for custom-houses, or rents of
office*, and warehouse,.
Aho, that he state what cu^tom-ho'ir-es, or ports of entry
or delivery, cart he dispensed with, with a proper regard to
economy and tho security of the collection of the revenue,
and consistently with commeicial intere&is ; or what mod-
ification of the laws are necessaiy for the public interests m
i elation to the collection of customs.
