1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
pendence, New Hampshire, by her constitution,
had abolished negro slavery; whereas the consti-
tution of Massachusetts, which abolished it, was
not adopted until 1780.
Mr. EVANS. The constitution of South Car-
olina was adopted in January, 1776.
Mr. HALE. The constitution of South Car-
olina was a year afterwards; and I want to put
that point right, because, although it is not a mat-
ter of much consequence, I have heard it stated
certainly a thousand times on this floor that all
the States, with the exception of Massachusetts,
tolerated negro slavery at the time of the adoption
of the Federal Constitution; whereas it was form-
ally abolished, by constitution, in New Hamp-
shire five years before it was abolished in Massa-
chusetts, by the adoption of the constitution of
1780, and from that time to the present there has
never been any difference in the rights of people
in New Hampshire on account of race.
Mr. MASON. I wish to inquire of the Senator
in regard to a historical fact. I understood him
to say that the present constitution of the State
of New Hampshire, which was adopted by that
State in 1775, has been very little modified.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. I am not, of course, conversant
■with the early history of the State which that
Senator represents; but did that constitution de-
clare the colony of New Hampshire independent
of the mother country ?
Mr. HALE. Just exactly in the same way
that the constitutions of Virginia and South Car-
olina did. It contained a preamble that, during
the existence of the present unhappy difficulties
between the United Colonies and the Crown, this
constitution was established. The same provis-
ion was contained in the constitution of South
Carolina, and 1 think the same in Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I observe, in looking in a book
which happens to be at hand, thatit was not until
June, 177G, that New Hampshire declared her-
self independent of Massachusetts, and I was not
aware that previous to that time she had declared
herself independent of Great Britain.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator will find him-
self mistaken in regard to the fact of her declaring
herself independent of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator is altogether mistaken. I do not know what
book he has got, but it is apocryphal, anyhow.
Mr. MASON. It is a book published in New
York.
Mr. HALE. It is certainly a mistake, and I
am right; there is no doubt about that, sir, what-
ever the book says. [Laughter.J In January,
1775, New Hampshire formed a constitution and
established a government independent of the
Crown of Great Britain. Our people lived under
it, without any essential modification, until 1790
or 1791, and after the war was over there was a
slight amendment made, and one slight amend-
ment since. By that constitution, slavery was
lendered impossible in Now Hampshire, and al-
ways was from the adoption of that constitution.
The only difference that has ever been recognized
by our laws is, that colored men have not been
required to perform military service.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi wanted
to know if I would like to have all the negroes of
Mississippi and Louisiana sent to New Hamp-
shire. I tell you what it is, sir, it is a poor soil
and a hard climate, and I do not think it would
be healthy for them, but very unhealthy. So far
as we have a colored population there—and they
are very few, less even than in Massachusetts—
my intercourse with them has not taught me to
believe that they are vicious and depraved beyond
people of the same condition of the other com-
plexion; but the contrary, that they are industri-
ous, patient, exhibiting very many amiable and
excellent traits of character.
I am going to say this for the colored people,
not of my own Slate, but of the city of Boston:
that one of the proudest monuments that I have
of my past history, humble as it is, is a testimo-
nial presented to me, since I have been a membei
of the Senate, by the colored citizens of the city
of Boston, for standing up against the oppressions
which the General Government undertook to
practice upon them in enforcing the fugitive slave
law. I was called upon, as a humble member
of mv profession, to defend them. I did it to the
Ij.'st of ray ability; and whatever that ability may
be, I will tell you this: the Government never got
a verdict against them. Wherever there was a
verdict, we got it. The colored citizens of Bos-
ton, of their own accord, without any knowledge
or suggestion of mine, or any of my friends, came
forward and presented to me a set of eight vol-
umes of the Pictorial History of England, as a
testimony of the fidelity and zeal with which I
had spoken for those who could not speak for
themselves. I shall leave it to those who inherit
my name as one of the proudest of the inherit-
ances which I can give them; and God knows they
are small enough anyhow.
Another one that I have also received, and I
will speak of it in that connection, has been from
the sailors for helping to abolish flogging in the
Navy. I have stood, sir, in the humble sphere
in which Providence and my constituents have
called on me to stand, as the foe of oppression
against any class or any complexion, black or
white. I stood against the oppression that was
practiced upon the sailor; and when you under-
took, by an unjust and an unconstitutional act
to oppress and disfranchise the officcr, I was op-
posed to that. I was opposed to oppressing the
common sailor, or the officer who wore the epau-
lets, or the negro who performed the menial ser-
vice. It is because this constitution says the free
negro shall not have a right to go into Oregon,
or to work or maintain a suit there, that 1 am
opposed to it.
I believe just exactly what the Senator from
Massachusetts believes; and I am going to mani-
fest my belief, not by sitting still and not voting,
but by voting against this constitution. I do not
care when a State comes here, what it calls itself,
whether it calls itself a free State or a slave State.
If it comes with a constitution that is essentially
unjust in its features and provisions, you cannot
blind my eye to that, injustice because it comes
here perpetrated under the forms of a free State. ;
No, sir, I should as lief have a State come and
call itself a slave State as call itself a free State,
if it has in its constitution provisions in relation
to this unfortunate class that my judgment can-
not approve.
Sir, we are asked if we want these men amongst
us. I am not going to answer that question; but
I will say this: Providence has placcd them here;
they arc a part of us; they are a part of our peo-
ple; and they are here on God Almighty's earth,
which He made for His children to dwell upon,
of every race and every nation; and I do not be-
lieve that it is morally or politically right for us
to say that these people, whom the providence of
God, or our own avarice, or the avarice of our
own ancestors, has brought here, shall be sub-
jected to perpetual disabilities. If they may not
go into Oregon, and if wemay shut them out there,
why may not every other State make the same
provision, until you will not leave them a resting-
place on the foot of this green earth, which was
made for man ? I will not consent to it. Sir, I will
not take Oregon now, next winter, or at any time
this side of eternity, as long as she incorporates
into her constitution a provision that a black man
shall not go there, shall have no rights there, and
shall maintain no suit there.
I am not going to assail any slave State, or I
believe it is more agreeable to some gentlemen to
call them slaveholding States. I would just as
soon call them slaveholding States instead of slave
States, only that it is a large word, and takes
longer to speak it. [Laughter.] That is all the
difference, in my mind. It is not invidious. I
believe it was the Senator from Missouri who j
made that suggestion. [ am no t going to find fault j
with them if, intrenched behind their constitu-
tional rights, they exclude free negroes from their j
midst. Let them do it. As long as their consti- j
tutions are not within my reach, I will not com-
plain. But, sir, this is within our reach. Gen-
tlemen say a constitution must be republican in
form. Well, what is republican? What does it
mean?
I ask if a republic, or a republican form of gov- j
ernment, is one that makes fundamental distinc- ;
tions between races? Can that be said to be a <
republic, or, to use that good old word of Oliver
Cromwell's time, can it be said to be a Common-
wealth, which I believe is the literal and fair >
translation of that old Latin noun Respublica ? It
is not republican, as I understand the word; it is |
not a republican constitution, which picks out j
this man and that man, and says you shall never I
come upon the soil; no matter what aggressions
may be committed against your person, your rep-
utation, your liberty, you shall have no redress
in our courts, and you shall have no place, so far
as our voice and our jurisdiction can extend, to
rest your foot on this whole broad earth. That
is what they say, and that is the right they claim.
If they can get it they may have it, but they will
never get it by my vote.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Virginia before I vote. He
said that there had been some new evidences of
advance in this matter, and he referred us to a law
which had been recently passed by the Legisla-
ture of Virginia, which provided that no free ne-
groes, who had been emancipated since 1806,
should be allowed to remain in Virginia. Was
that it? I understood the Senator to say that that
was an evidence of the enlightenment of this age,
an evidence of a great moral, intellectual, and so-
cial advance.
Mr. MASON. 1 did not say it was an evidence
of any advance at all oil the part of the State of
Virginia, but that it was evidence of the necessity
in which she found herself placed; that the two
classes of the African race could not exist together
as bond and free. I stated that by the law of
Virginia,passed I do notrecollectwhen, butafter
1806, it is provided that all negroes emancipated
after 1806, should leave the State. I did not allude
to it as an evidence of any intellectual or social
advancement, but as evidence of the necessity of
her condition, that if her people would emancipate
negroes they must not stay there.
Mr. SIMMONS. As I understood the argu-
ment the Senator was using, that fact, together
with the fact that the free States were unwilling
to take these blacks, to show that there had been
some new light on this subject of recent date, I
may have misunderstood the Senator.
Mr. MASON. The Senator did not exactly
understand the scope of my suggestion. It was
this: that the negro race being on this continent,
and to far the greatestexteut in bondage, the ex-
perience of the slaveholding States had shown
that they could not exist in the same community
as bond and free; and now the experience of the
free States has shown that they cannot have free
negroes among them; and what seemed to me to
be the result of that experience was that the ne-
groes themselves were realizing their true social
condition and were applying for legislation. I
stated that legislation had been obtained in my
own State, and I perceived recently in the State
of Texas, by which free negroes were permitted
to choose masters and go back voluntarily to sla-
very. I expressed the hope—though, perhaps, it
was a little Utopian—-that by the action of the
friends of the negroes in the free States, the result
would be to moke them all slaves.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, sir 
Mr. DOCJGLAS. I wish to snggestto the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, that as the hour is late,
unless he proposes to finish to-night,I shall move
an adjournment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly willing to
yield to a motion to adjourn; but I thought,per-
haps, it was desired to take the vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I see that we cannot get a
vote now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask a few more
questions before the vote is taken, but if there is
any desire on the part of the Senate for an ad-
journment, I have no objection.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, 'Jay 5, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Ilev. J. A. IIarroj.d.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COMINS. I ask the u nanimous consent
of the House to report fmm the Committee ori
Commcrcc the annual b<rht-hnus<? appropriation
bill, in or(W timt it m.iy bo referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stnte of the Union,
anil be printed.
There bein? no objection, a bill making appro-
priations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys,&c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment
of the same, and for other purposes, was read a
