1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88S
consumed upon this subject as a majority of its
members desire.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Illinois intends to move the previous ques-
tion, I ask htm to allow me to make a single re-
mark or two upon tins subject.
Mr. HARRIS, oflllmois. I will hear what the
gentleman has to say.
Mr. JONES, of Tennpssee. I wish to make a
remark in consequence of the position in which
thisrmitterhas been placed. Thegentleman from
Illinois moved a resolution to expel the gentleman
from New York. A motion, I understand, is now
pending, to refer that resolution to a select com-
mittee. Now, sir, I wish to vote against that ref-
erence, and to vote for the resolution introduced
by the gentleman from Illinois to expel the gentle-
man from New York, not as a punishment to that
gentleman, but as a justification and purification
of this House. Anu, sir, I would vote to expel
him every Congress as long as I may be here, if
his constituents, or those in his district, should
reelect and send him back. I believe the proof
taken and reported at the last Congress has de-
monstrated that he is disqualified to sit as a mem-
ber of the American Congress; and I will always,
when it is in my power, vote to excludc him from
this House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, resumed the floor.
Mr. READY. { ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yield me the floor a moment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. READY. I desire to say that I regard
this as a very important question, involving not
only the rights of the member m question, but
those of his constituents, whose interests he rep-
resents upon this floor. It is desnable that the
early action of this House should be had upon
the question of his right to continue a member of
this body, and that such a course should be pur-
sued as would bring about the. eailiest possible
action upon that subject. Now I want to say, in
connection with this remark, that the proposi-
tion made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Hughes,] if adopted, is not likely to produce as
speed y action of the House as I think is desirable.
The Committee on the Judiciary is now, and has
been for a considerable length of time, daily en-
gaged in the examination of a subject of para-
mount importance to this, or any other question
which will probably come before that committee
during the present Congress. The whole of their
time, when the House is not in session, has been,
and will continue to be for almost an indefinite
period, occupied with that investigation; and
hence it will be impossible, as I conceive, for that
committee to give this subject the careful, delib-
erate, and speedy investigation which its import-
ance demands. Believing that a reference to a
select committee will be likely to produce the
desired result with as much satisfaction to the
House as a report from the Judiciary Committee
would, I think it would be wisdom upon the part
of the House to vote down the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana to send it to the Judi-
ciary Committee, and send it to a special com-
mittee, or make such other disposition of it as
they may deem proper.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] to allow me to put my posi-
tion right befoie the House, as I am anew mem-
ber, and had no part in this matter in the last
session,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not myself
expect to occupy much time, and as I intend to
call the previous question and close the debate, I
• will allow the gentleman five minutes of my time.
Mr. CURTIS. This whole matter comes be-
fore Congress at this time, as the proceedings of
a former Congress. It seems to be conceded on
both sides of this House, by all parties, that the
member whose case is before us has been con-
sidered unworthy of association with a former
Congress. He has not removed the taint which
rests upon him. It was in his power to have gone
before his constituents, to have appealed to them,
and to have obtained from them, so far as lay in
their power, a release from the odium which rests
upon him. He has not seen proper to do that,
tie escaped, perhaps, a portion of the blow in-
tended for him at the last Congress, by a resigna-
tion. Hehasdone nothing since to relieve himself
of that odium; and as a memberof this Congress,
and not of the other, if he was unworthy of asso-
ciation there, he is unworthy here. Taking this
matter as conceded, that he was unworthy, as a
member of this Congress, I conceive it my duty
to vote against him here; and notwithstanding
the legal argument of the gentleman from Ohio,
that we are punishing a man twice for the same
offense, I shall vote to exclude the member from
New York from this Hall, solely upon the ground
that he is considered as unworthy of associating
with us. And also, for self-preservation, self-
consideration, and self-respect, 1 shall vote against
him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is very easy, Mr.
Speaker, to start objections to any proposition
that may be made here; but in this ease it is quite
as easy to sustain the proposition that is advanced
as it is to make objection to it.
One gentleman objects to the resolution which
I introduced because it is not drawn in language
that suits him exactly; its points are not presented
in that strong, terse, expressive manner which
meets his approbation; by a better adjustment of
the nouns and verbs, and pronouns and adverbs,
it could be placed in a shape that would meet his
approbation and induce him to vote for it; he is
for the principle enunciated in the resolution, for
the object which it seeks to accomplish, with all
his heart; but the arrangement of the language
does not meet with his approbation, and therefore
he cannot vote for the resolution.
Another gentleman is extremely anxious to do
justice; thinks the member was properly expelled
from the last Congress; but lie is opposed to pun-
ishing a man twice for the same offense. He
starts divers objections to this mode of proceed-
ing, and thinks that it would be a great outiage
upon the constituency of the membei. and the ex-
ercise of injustice on the paii of the House.
Now, sir, m the first place, ?f this wen; a pun-
ishment, it is nota pumshmenttwiee for tin* same
offense; but in no sense is it a punishment for a
crime. The Constitution allows us to punish a
member by a majority vote: but wlmn you come
to expel a member, it is not looked upon m the
light of a punishment; it is looked upon as an act*
which is to be performed for the purification of
the House; forthe vindication of its honorand its
purity, and to diive an obnoxious member from
the I-lcill. The punishment of a member does not
drive him from the Hall He can remain here if
he chooses to do so, and continue in the perform-
ance of his duties. But when \ ou come to exer-
cise thegreatfunction of expelhnga member, you
refer him back to his constituents, and he has no
longer any powers to exeicise here The act is
performed, not in a spirit of vengeance against the
party, but for the high purpose of purifying the
body and removing any imputation which might
rest upon its action and upon Us character, if
panics tainted with crime and reeking with cor-
ruption-should be allowed to retain their seats
here.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to aU< the gentleman a
question, the answer to which will, to some ex-
tent, control my vote upon this matter. Can the
gentleman point the House to any case in which
a legislative assembly has punished one of its
members for an offense committed against a piior
legislative assembly?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, if
that question was involved in this case, I would
answer it. But the party did not simply commit an
offense against this body. I recei\ed impersonal
offense. You, sir, received no personal offense.
The members composing the body received no
personal offense. But there was a great public
outrage perpetrated. It was not the House, but
it was the majesty of the people of the country
that this House represents, which was assailed.
It was not the function of the House punishing
its member for having been guilty of corrupt prac-
tices here; but the House was purifying itself
from a loathsome excrescence which did not de-
serve a place here. It was not simply the pun-
ishment of an offense. I thought I had disposed
of this question of the punishment of an offense
before. You may, by a majority vote, punish a
man for an offense; but here was a great public
outrage committed 
Mr. OLIN. Allow me one further remark. It
seems to me that the gentleman docs not answer
my question at all. I do not understand that this
House has general jurisdiction over offenses at
larn-e. It must be an offense against tfiis House—
against its dignity or interfering with ifs legisla-
tion—and not an offense against the country gen-
erally, that this House can take cognizance of.
And therefore, if it w^s not an offense against a
former House, why, wc certainly have no juris-
diction of it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
think I understand the object of the gentleman.
His inquiry is based upon his own opinion, which
I consider entirely erroneous. He says that the
House cannot expel a member except for offenses
against its own dignity and character; and start-
ing off with that as his proposition, then it fol-
lows, of course, that if a member has not offended
against the dignity of the House, the House can-
not expel him.
Mr. OLIN. 1 made the inquiry of the gentle-
man from Illinois. I supposed that, as he had the
matter in charge, he would communicate to the
House information showing that we have author-
ity to act.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will endeavor to
do so, if the gentleman will let me do it. The
gentleman puts the inquiry to me, whether I have
evei known a case where a member was punished
in one Congress for an offense committed in a
prior Congress ? I cannot state to him that I do
know of any such case, because I do not know
th.it there has over been a case like this presented.
If there had ever been such a case presented, and
action had been refused, on the ground that the
offense was committed against a prior Congress,
that could be cited as a precedent against me; but
there is merely the absence of a precedent.
Now, I will tell the gentleman what I can prove
to him. He will find, in the case of the expul-
sion of Mr. Blunt, of Tennessee, from the Sen-
ate, that it was for an offense committed in the
J; State of Tennessee, for certain letters written. It
; I was not an offense against the dignity of the House
/ of which he was a member, committed either iri
;; its presence or in its place of session; but it was
i for an offense committed in a remote part of the
\ country. That case was decided in 1799, and
*! was decided mainly upon a letter written by him
{ion the 21st of April, 1797, in the State of Ten-
j, nessee. He was expelled from the Senate by a
vote of 25 to 1. The offense was not even com-
mitted during the session of Congress—I am not
sure that it was even committed auring his telfm;
! butit was certainly committed before he had taken
I his seat in the Senate, before he had been sworn
[ in as a member of that body, and before he was
j amenable to its jurisdiction. That case, I think,
I is near enough" to satisfy the gentleman, if the
| decision of the Senate is any authority with him,
| that theie is power to punish for corruption.
I Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman inform the
I House whether that was not a case of an offense
j—to wit, an attempt at biibery — committed
| against the Senate that undertook to punish the
| member r
j Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It was so alleged;
!' and this is just such a case. The resolutions that
ij we passed m this case in the last Congress put it
■ j expressly on the ground that he attempted to cor-
!] lupt members of this House.
! Mr. OLIN. Of the last House.
Ij Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman not-d
j; not balk on the position I will bring him to the
!j junction directly. The. resolution directly stated
■j that as'one of the groundsfor which the resolution
!| of expulsion was introduced—for corrupt prac-
ij tics in connection with the legislation of Con-
I gress.
■i I see the point where all this opposition rests.
:! It is contended that this occurred at a prior Con-
,i gress, and that therefore you have not the power
Ij [0 punish. Gentlemen mistake this thing aho-
[i gefcher. We are not acting here as executive offi-
i! cers for punishing crimes. We are nota Congress
! or iictors, punishing a member for what he has
j' done. We stand here to vindicate the character
: of our body, not to inflict punishment, either un-
usual or unheard of, or twice for the same offense.
I! They mistake entirely the character of the pro-
ceedings.
;■ Mr. SEWARD. As I desire to be correct about
' thi.- matter, I hope the gentleman will pardon me
j; if [ ask one question. I should like to hear the
j gentleman in regard to the effect of the action of
: The last Congress on the qualifications of the mem-
her; whether that action is a personal disqualifi-
!• cation, which continues and attaches to him, and
