wn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Resolved, That officers of the United States have no right
to use the force under their command in the territory at any
foreign State, at the instance of, or for the benefit of, such
State, unless previously authorized by Congress.
Resolved, That inasmuch as the views of the President,
as made known in his message to the two Houses of Con-
gress, are in accordance with these principles, no action is
necessary on the part of Congress,
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask now that my resolution
be read, which expresses the sentiments of a por-
tion of a minority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and which I submit as a substitute for
the pending resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Reprsentatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the thanks of Congress be, and the same are hereby, pre-
sented to Commodore Hiram Paulding,and through hiin to
the officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines, attached to
the squadron under his command, for the capture, on the
8th of December last, at Punta Arenas, of one William
Walker, and others associated with him, who were engaged
in carrying on against the Government and people of Nica-
ragua an unlawful military enterprise, which was set on foot
by the said Walker and his associates within the territory
and in violation of the laws of the United States.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I send to the Clerk's
desk a resolution, as a substitute, which expresses
the sentiments of another portion of the minority
of that committee.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the conduct of Commodore Paulding, in
capturing General William Walker and his men at Punta
Arenas, in Nicaragua, was without the authority of law,
and meets the condemnation of this House.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I ask now that
my resolutions be read.
They were reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the capture of William Walker on the
coasts of Nicaragua by Commodore Paulding, was without
authority of law.
Resolved, That said capture was within the letter and
spirit of the instructions of the Department of the Navy,
ordering one of its officers " to repair with his vessel to
Chiriqui, where it had reason to believe said expedition
Would rendezvous," and another to procecd with his ve^cl
to Cape Graeios, Honduras, skirting along the coa«t*, look-
ing in at the mouth of Bluefield inlet, thence to San Juan
del Norte, Nicaragua.
Resolved, That the right of the citizen of the United
States to expatriate himself and transfer his allegiance to
other Governments; to " emigrate with aims in iih hands''
for the purpose of settling new countries and founding new
States, is an inherent and sacred right, one that ought to he
inviolate, and one of which he cannot be constitutionally
deprived.
WILLIAM G. MOREHEAD.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, made an adverse
report in the case of William G. Morehead; which
was laid upon the table, and the report ordered to
be printed.
JOHN H. "WHEELER.
Mr. CLAY,by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and adopted.
Resolved, ThattheSecretaryoftheTreasurybe requested
to furnish the fJou^e of Representatives with copies of the
papers on file in hi  Department, m relation to the claim of
John H. Wheeler, late Mh i«frr to Nicaragua, for losses
charged tohave been sustained by Imn for discounts on drafts
for his salary, together with the grounds on which the said
claim was discharged by the Treasury Department.
ARREST OF WALKER.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Mr. Speaker, with the in-
dulgence of the House I will make some explana-
tion of the report made from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, on the arrest of General Walker
by Commodore Paulding. It will be remembered,
at an early day of this ecssion I offered some res-
olutions, in the following words :
" Resolved, That the treatv between the United States
and Great Britain, designated as j he Clayton Buiwer treaty,
being, under the interpretation placed on it by Great Brit-
ain, an entire surrender of tLf rijjhl^ of this couatiy, and,
upon the American construction, an entangling alliance
without mutuality either in its benefits or rebtrietions, and
having hitherto been productive only of misunderstandings
and controversies between the two Governments, ought
therefore to be abrogated.  
" Resolved, That since the acquisition and settlement of
our territory on the Pacific, certain portions of Central
America stand to us in a relation similar to that which
Louisiana, prior to its acquisition, bore to our tcrrnory m
the Mississippi valley, and, therefore, ought not to he sub-
ject to the control of any foreign Power that might interfere
materially with our interests.
" Resolved, That inasmuch as the Government of the
United States has hcretotore taken steps to suppress the
African slave trade, and is at picscnt subjecting itself to a
considerable annual expense to keep up a squadron on the
coast of Africa to prevent the same, we feel it to be our duty
to protest against the trade in white men, commonly called
the Cooly tiade, not only on principles of humanity with
reference to the subjects of that tralfic, but also because it
is eminently injurious in its ultimate effects to the coun-
tries to which they are transported."
They indicate the line of policy upon which 1
expect to speak to-day; but before doing so I de-
sire to offer a few words on the subject of this
Paulding report.
It takes the ground that he, Commodore Pauld-
ing, had no authority to arrest General Walker
in Nicaragua. It has been said that pirates may
be followed into any jurisdiction, and there has
been an attempt to liken this case to that. On
that point, I can refer to a very high authority.
Mr. Webster, in his letter to Mr. Fox, says:
"Her Majesty's Government are pleased, also, to speak of
those American citizens who took part with persons in Can-
ada engaged in an insurrection against the British Govern-
ment, as ' American pirates.' The undersigned does not
admit the propriety orjustice of this designation. If citizens
of the United States fitted out, or weie engaged in fitting
out, a military expedition from the United States, intended
to act against the British Government in Canada, they were
clearly violating the laws of their own country, and expos-
ing themselves to the just consequences winch might be in-
flicted oil them if taken withm the British dominions. But,
notwithstanding this, they were certainly not pirates, nor
does the undersigned think that it can advance the purpose
of fair and friendly discussion, or Hasten tlie accommodation
of national difficulties, so to denominate them Their of-
fense, whatever it was, had no analogy to cases of piracy.
Supposing all that is alleged against them to ho true, they
were taking a part in what they regal ded as a civil war, and
they were taking a part on the side of the rebels. Surely
England herself has not regarded persons thus engaged as
deserving the appellation which her Majesty's Government
bestows on these citizens of the United States.
" It is quite notorious that, for the greater part of the last
two centuries, subjects of the British Crown have been per-
mitted to engage in foreign wars, both national and civil,
and in the latter m every stage of their progress ; and yet it
has not been imagined that England has at any tune allowed
her subjects to turn pirates, indeed, in our own times, not
only have individual subjects of that Crown gone abroad to
engage m civil wars, but we have seen whole regiments
openiv recruited, embodied, armed, and disciplined, in Eng-
land, "with the avowed purpose of aiding a rebellion against
a nation with which England was as peace."
I will remind the House, in addition to that
strong authority, that when General Felix Pious-
ton proposed to raise an expedition to help the
Greeks in their revolution, John Guincy Adams,
then President of the United States, Henry Clay,
then Secretary of State, Daniel Webster,Forsyth,
and La Fayette, gave him strong letters of recom-
mendation. La Fayette himself was an illustrious
example of that kind of piracy. In the debate
which took place in the House some time ago,
it was urged that Paulding had a right to follow
Walker as a criminal into the jurisdiction of Nic-
aragua, and arrest liim. This is contrary to tha
law of nations; and if gentlemen will take the
trouble to look into the extradition treaties which
have been entered into with Great Britain, with
Switzerland, and with other countries, they will
find that those countries have recognized no such
right as this; nor has the right, in any case, been
conceded, but only the right to make a demand
on the executives. The Nicaraguan Minister
could not have given any such authority. It is an
authority which can be granted only by the treaty-
l making power. Mr. Dallas could not authorize
I any English captain to come into the United States
! for such apurpose; that could only be done by the
. President and Senate, as the treaty-making power.
I But it is argued, in the third place, that Pauld-
I ing went there for the benefit ofNicaragua. Well,
i sir, upon that point i have to say that an officer
in charge of the United States forces can only use
those forces in the service of the United States.
That proposition, 1 think, is indisputable. What
the last House of Representatives thought on that
subject, I beg leave to show, by presenting the
vote upon a resolution of my own.
I will say to the House, in explanation of the
circumstances under which I offered that resolu-
tion, that immediately after the Panama outbreak
and the slaughter of our people occurred, f went to
see the late Secretary of State, Mr. Marcy, and
advised at once that a body of troops should be sent
down to protect the Panama railroad. I called
Mr. Marcy's attention to the fact that the United
States had guarantied the safety of the line by a
treaty which was the supreme law of the land.
He admitted such was the treaty, but said that the
Executive could not use the United States forces
within a foreign jurisdiction without theauthority
of Congress. I reminded him of what had been
done at Greytown, and he intimated that they had
probably exceeded the law at Greytown; "but,"
said he, "we will do anything we can do from
the guns of our ships, but we cannot lasd troops
there."
I say, Mr. Speaker—because this has been a
subject of some discussion lately, and I am a very
frank man in politics—that I did press upon the
Secretary of State the importance of sending
troops there, taking possession of that line, and
holding that isthmus as a satisfaction: but agreeing
to pay to New Granada a sum of perhaps two or
three millions to boot, for a cession to us. That
was my line of policy. I desire to hold that isth-
mus. I also remember veiy well, that, in the
course of that conversation—for I was perhaps a
little ultra and pressing in my remarks—in reply
to a question of the Secretary of State, as to what
we all thought up here in Congress about his
foreign policy, I did say to him that, in my judg-
ment, his foreign policy had been irritating and
weak; that they had quarreled with everybody,
and maintained nothing.
But, sir, it is sufficient for my purpose to say
that the Secretary of State thought that there was
no authority, and he referred me to the President.
I had a conversation with President Pierce on the
subject, and he took the same view of it: that,
without authority from Congress, the Executive
could not use the troops of the United States in
any foreign jurisdiction. I therefore presented
in the House the following resolution:
" Be it resolved, S;c., That for the better protection of the
persons and property of American citizens, under the law
of nations, and as secured by existing treaty stipulations
with reference to the thoroughfaies or lines of travel be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the Presidentof the
United States be, and is hereby, authorized to employ any
part of the iand or naval forces of the country, and to call
for and use anynumber of volunteers that may be necessary
to provide for the safety of passengers and others of our cit-
izens in those localities, and to insure the observance of
such rights as the Government and citizens of the United
States are entitled to enjoy on said transits.
"Mr. Jones, of Tennessee. It is a proposition author-
izing the President to take possession of Central America.
[Laughter ] I do not want it here at this time."
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, said that when the res-
olution came in he should introduce a proposition
for the annexation of the British Provinces. After
a little discussion the matter went over till the
next Monday, and the House adjourned. On the
following Monday the vote upon the suspension
of the rules was—yeas 53, nays 74. A large ma-
jority of Congress were unwilling to allow me
to introduce a resolution of that sort authorizing
the President of the United States to use the troops
to protect the lives of American citizens on that
line, because in a foreign jurisdiction? Why?
Because they feared the President might take pos-
session of Central America, or annex it, or in-
volve us in war. Of course, if the President is
not to be trusted, I suppose gentlemen will not
trust his subordinates, either officers in the Army
or Navy, to do the same thing. But the question
is, whether Paulding had a right to do what he
did in the absence of any act of Congress. I think
everybody will agree, upon a moment's reflection,
that that is a proposition which is not debatable;
and hence, in this report, I maintain that he had
no authority, under the laws of nations, or under
tlie Constitution and laws of the United States,
for that act.
But, Mr. Sneaker, suppose the resolution which
I offered in the last Congress, and which I have
just read, had been adopted and carried out: what
might have been the effect? The President might
have occupied the Isthmus of Panama, a narrow
neck of territory two or three hundred miles in
extent, which would have been of vast advantage
to us, it being that narrow isthmus over which
the world may find the best connection between
| the Atlantic and Pacific. Of coursc, we should
have done as we did in the case of California; we
should have allowed some balance to New Gra-
nada, and paid them whatever amount they were
willing to take. Gentlemen may smile: but I see
it stated in the papers that the Attorney General
of New Granada, who controls that country, is
actually asking that it shall all be annexed to the
United States for nothing.
But, sir, another purpose which I had very
much at heart, was to open tins Nicaragua line.
Walker, you will recollect, was then in power,
and remained in power about a year. Now, it
we had opened that line, the effect would have
been that men and supplies could have readied
William Walker, and I have no doubt that he
would have sustained himself in that country. He
was overthrown, it will be remembered, by the
combined efforts of the Central American States,
of Commodore Vanderbilt, and of the British in-
