1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IW8
fluence against him, and by all the aid the Sec-
retary of State could give in cutting off supplies;
and ultimately the capture of his ships and men
by Davis, one of our naval officers.
I say, therefore, that it is very obvious to my
mind that if my resolution had been adopted and
carried out, and communication had thus been
opened with him, he would have been sustained,
and T have no doubt he would have established a
better system than (hey now have, there.
Even now, it would be of vast advantage to this
country to have that line opened. It has been
closed for more than tv.*o years, and the gentle-
man from California [Mr. McKibbik] tells me
that the State of California loses at leasta million
and a half of dollars a year by reason of the stop-
page of that line. They charge thirty-three per
cent, higher to go by the Panama route than they
would by this line. It lias been stated in news-
papers—whether correctly or not I do not know
—that the Panama company is paying $40,000 a
month, or 4480.000 a year, to keep tlie Nicaragua
line closed. Well, if they are getting $1,500,000
by it, they can afford to pay $480,000, and make a
very handsome profit out of it, by reason of the
monopoly they thus enjoy.
I may say, in this connection, Mr, Speaker,
that I see that a proclamation was issued in New
York, on the 22d of April last, by Mr.Yrissarri,
and a previous dispatch, of December 30, 1857,
in which lie announces that if any citizen of the
United States goes to Nicaragua or attempts to
pass through it to California, as we have a right
to do under ti e original treaty, he will he treated
as an enemy, and stopped if "he does not so by a
certain line, to wit: the Atlantis and Pacific Ship
Canal Company. I ucubt, sir, if there is anything
in our treaty regulations to justify that, i hold
that it is the right of every American citizen, we
being at peace with Nicaragua, to go to that coun-
try in any ship ho thinks pioper to take. But, if
this be true, I submit to gentlemen upon all sides
whether a monopoly like this is to be tolerated.
True, the company is a New York one, but do the
people of New York themselves wish to beat their
mercy? Suppose the British Government were
to provide that nobody should goto Great Britain
unless he went there in the Cunardline of steam-
ers, so as to give them a monopoly and enable
them to charge enormously high rates: would not
every New Yorker, and much more the people of
Boston, Philadelphia and other cities, complain of
such a regulation ?
I see that in another publication, lately made,
it is said that any man who goes to the country
without a permit from the Minister, or from his
consul at New York, will be treated as an enemy.
I hold, sir, that we have a right to exercise an
influence upon that country to secure the right of
way to our Pacific possessions; and I trust that
the treaty-making power of the United States will
not allow any regulation to be made by which we
are to lose that right. A gentleman [Mr. Bing-
ham] on my right asks me if there is any dan-
ger of our losing it. Why, that company claims
to have the sole right to carry passengers there.
Suppose they do not carry any, as they have not
carried them for two years or more. The way is
blocked up; and I am told, as I have already said,
that they are getting $40,000 a month to keep it
stopped for the benefit of the Panama company.
That is the allegation. But suppose it is not true.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio if he, as an Amer-
ican citizen, is willing to deprive the people of this
country of the right to go to California, unless
they go in a particular line of ships? Why, there
are not more than five hundred thousand people in
that country—mostly Indians and negroes. And
are we to allow them to block up our way to our
Pacific possessions, unless we choose to submitto
an enormous monopoly of that sort?
I conclude what I have to say about Commo-
dore Paulding by simply declaring that the effects
of that act of his have been very unfortunate to us.
It has been calculated to aid British interests and
not American interests in that quarter, and has
been properly appreciated in England, and at Ha-
vana. All the letters I see from Central America
say that, instead of getting credit among the peo-
ple by that act, we are in, perhaps, worse repu-
tation there than we were previously, because they
supposed we were compelled, by Great Britain,
to arrest Walker.
This brings mo to the consideration of the re-
lations that exist between Great Britain and our- j
selves in regard to Central Amcriea, as affected by
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. I yesterday moved I
! to take up that resolution at one o'clock to-day.
I If it be agreeable to the House, I will just go on
and say what I have to say about it now; but I
do not desire to occupy any more of the time of
the House than is absolutely necessary. I made
( that motion for one o'clock, under the impression
■■ that the House did not meet till twelve.
I A Member. What do you propose about the
' Panld ins resolutions?
! Mr. CLINGMAN. My motion is to commit
I the resolutions to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to have them printed.
The matter will then be open to discussion. With
the leave of the House, I will now take up that
I other question, and say what I have to say about
;
Mr. SICKLES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to let the present motion stand as it is. I
j desire to present some views, on the part of the
; committee, before it takes ihat direction,
j Mr. CLINGMAN. Well. I hone that gentle-
man will allow 1110 to go to this other matter.
! Mr. SEWARD. I do not wish to inteifere with
i the gentleman from North Carolina; but my col-
league [Mr. Wright] wishes to be heard, and he
has as much right to the floor as any other mem-
i ber.
i Mr. CLINGMAN. My motion will leave the
'subject in the Committee of the Whole oil the
I state of the Union, and the gentleman's colleague,
j and any other member who desires to be heard
| upon it, can there be heard.
Mr. SICKLES. Or, if the matter be left as it
! is, the subject will come up in the morning hour
i to-morrow, and the gentleman will have an op-
portunity to be heard.
j Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Very well; I am
| willing to agree to that.
| Mr. FAULKI\TER. I desire simply to know
' whether this will affect the morning' hour, as far
as reports of committees are concerned?
The SPEAKER. In what respect?
Mr. FAULKNER. I understand that one
o'clock to-day was fixed for taking up this sub-
ject. I presume that if the gentleman be per-
mitted to go on now, it will interfere with the
morning hour, so as to prevent the committees
from presenting reports.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will remember that the call of committees can-
not be resumed until this question is disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Other gentlemen will
speak on it now, if I do not; and so the balance
of the morning hour will be consumed.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Does the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sickles] desire to be
heard this morning?
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir We can both be
heard to-morrow morning.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to anything out of
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall object to any arrange-
ment not consistent with the rules. My colleague
has just as much right to be heard as any other
member, on the matter before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Iflmustgo on andspeak
on this subject of Paulding, I will do so; but I do
not wish to do so.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I believe that the
proposition of the gentleman from North Carolina
yesterday was, that the subject should be post-
poned till one o'clock to.-dav
Mr. CLINGMAN". Yes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then the gentle-
man from Georgia can make a speech this morn-
ing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It will come up in the.
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. COBB. I enter my protest against any
further proposition to interfere with the call of
committees for reports. I want that distinctly
understood now. If I am out of my seat at any-
time when such propositions come up, I hope the
Speaker will bear my objection in mind. I wish
to have all the committees regularly called. This
matter presented by. the gentleman from North
Carolina will occupy the morning hour for the
balance of the session, if it is to be considered then.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand whether there is any objection on the part
of the House to the gentleman from North Car-
olina proceeding in his remarks on the report
which he yesteiday submitted, and which was
postponed to one o'clock to-day?
Mr. COBB. What effect will that have on the
other question ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up in the morn-
ing.
Mr. COBB. Then I object. Let us dispose
of it to-day.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to appeal
to the gentleman from Alabama to withdraw his
objection, for this reason: this motion to postpone
was made yesterday, and I objected to it for the
same reason that the gentleman from Alabama
objects now I concur with him in wishing to
have the morning hour every day consumed by
the call of committees for reports. But the motion
to postpone was made under the impression that
the House met at twelve o'clock instead of eleven.
I think that if the gentleman from Alabama will
withdraw his objection, and let the gentleman
from North Carolina proceed now, it will advance
the business of the House, and promote the ob-
ject we both have in view.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CLINGA'IAN. I should not consume as
much time, if allowed to go on now, as I would
if I have to wait till one o'clock, as I am not very
well, and am somewhat fatigued now.
Mr. SEW ARD. I am opposed to moving with
two things at once, and I object, except it be in
order.
Mr. RITCHIE. I hope my colleague will per-
mit the subject of Commodore Paulding to be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and then it can be discussed titers
fully.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that the gentle-
man from North Carolina wishes to be absent for
some days. I therefore withdraw my objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not feel very well
to-day, but in the discharge of my public 4uty I
will proceed with my remarks.
Mr. Speaker, there has been a struggle going
on between the United States and Great Britain
for some years, in regard to this Central Amer-
ican country. It commenced with the acquisi-
tion of California, and the gold discoveries there
Before that time Great Britain had been exerting
her influence without interruption from us;butas
soon as she saw that the United States, by the
passing of her citizens to California, would have
advantages In, and would probably acquire that
country, she made a proposition to us through
Sir Henry Bulwer, which our Administration,
exhibiting, as I hold, great imbecility, adopted.
I think we were circumvented in it; and it is that
proposition which I now desire this House to con-
sider, and which—if gentlemen will examine it—
I believe every one on this floor will in his con-
science pronounce to have been a great blunder.
The ostensible object of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty was to provide for opening the route to
California; but unfortunately that part of it has
not been executed. That would have been advan-
tageous. Its great feature, so objectionable, is the
first article, which provides that neither Great
Britain nor the United States shall ever occupy,
colonize, fortify, or assume or exercise, any ju-
risdiction over Central America, or any portion
of it, either directly or indirectly, by any treaty
with any Power, or by reason of any protecto-
rate, &c. It is an agreement between both Gov-
ernments by which neither is ever to take pos-
session of that country, to the end of all time. It
has been called a Wilmot proviso, but it is vastly
more objectionable than the old Wilmot proviso.
We of the South have thought that a denial of
the right to expand was unjust. It was a denial
by congressional legislation, but a denial which
our Government, where we were represented, had
imposed and might remove, and which they did
remove in fact. But this Clayton-Bulwer treaty
is a Wilmot proviso imposed by a foreign Gov-
ernment against the growth not only'of the South,
but likewise of the North, and of the whole Uni-
ted States; declaring that in all time we shall not
touch that country and occupy it. Great Britain
herself is a little island, less in extent than sev-
eral States in this Union; yet she has, by con-
quest and filibustering generally, acquired three
times as much territory as the United States
