* T^r:
1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBP.
W§Wi'
to give them the public Treasury. Let usactde- j
liberately. Before this is done, I desire to be heard i
at length on the measure. I think it is wrong to !
ask the Senate to take it up now, whether they ;
be for it or against it, to take it up on Saturday !
night a few hours before the adjournment; and es- j
pecialiy it is wrong when the Senate have hereto- I
fore expressed their judgment deliberately against
the proposition. It must not be done.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the joint resolution will
be taken up; and notwithstanding the assertion
of the Senator from Georgia that it is a gratuity,
I submit that it is not a gratuity. We passed a
law in 1853, under which law persons have gone
to the Court of Claims, and have got a decision .
that they are entitled to a certain amount of money. '•
The Department having previously given a con-
struction contrary to that decision, adhere to their
construction, and will not pay the money. This
. resolution proposes simply to give a construction
^#the act we passed, and which the Court of
^Claims has decided to be the legal construction
of the act, but yet the parties cannot obtain their
rights under it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Rights!
Mr. FOSTER. I say rights, certainly. I say
so.because I have the authority of a court of law
constituted by the Legislature of the United States
competent to decide that question, and they have
decided it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Did you go for David Myerle's
claim ?
, Mr. FOSTER. I do not now remember, but
I am inclined to think that I did vote for the bill
for the relief of David Myerle.
* Mr. TOOMBS. The court decided against
him.
Mr. FOSTER. If it were so, it would be no
reason why I, acting in my legislative capacity,
should not vote for it if I saw good reason to vote
for it; but I submit that it is a reason why the
honorable Senator, lawyer though he be of great
eminence, should yield his opinion to a court of
law of the United States, made, by the act creating
them, competent to decide a legal question. Grant-
ing that a comparison of the members of that
court with the honorable Senator would be very
much in his favorand against them, still they form
the court to whom the power of decision is given.
Now the question is whether we, after having
passed a law, will assume to ourselves the right
to give a judicial construction to it as against the
decision of a competent court of law. Do we not
create a despotism in this Government, if, making
a law, we afterwards reserve the right to give a
constiuction to it as against the courts? for that
is the question here. The Court of Claims have
decided upon the meaning of this law, and we say
they are mistaken. Now I submit, that after we
have created a court of law, we ought to be bound
by their decisions, at least as legislators, and not
to take out of their hands the construction of a
statute of the United'States upon which they have
passed. We have made it; that was our appro-
priate function. It is the function of the courts
to o-ive a construction to it; and when they have
given a construction, if we undertake to correct
their errors, and to give a construction contrary
to theirs, I say we assume, in addition to our
constitutional legislative powers, judicial powers
which cannot and do not belong to us. I hope
we shall take up the resolution and pass it.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMMOND. I wish to make a report i
from a conference committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to take up
the joint resolution named by him.
Mr. STUART. The report of a committee of
conference is a privileged question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses the question before the Senate to be the
motion to take up this joint resolution.
Mr. STUART. I think the report of a com-
mittee of conference has always been considered
privileged. . ,
Mr. HAMLIN. Not at all; but it has been
received by general conscnt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any rule which gives a conference re-
port a preference over the pending motion. By
-ei^nil consent, however, the report may be re-
ceived.
Mr. STUART. If the Senate will give unan-
imous consent to hear the report, I shall be very
glad to do it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is unanimous con-
sent given to receive the report of the conference
committee?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
Is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to take
up the resolution named by him.
Mr. STUART. I am really at a loss. I want
this report made, and I suppose the whole Senate
does. I have a communication before me which
shows ail the facts in regard to this resolution,
and it is a very able exposition of it, and I want
to say something in reply to the honorable- Sena-
tor from Connecticut in respect to his ideas about
the Court of Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. If my friend from Michigan
wants to make a speech, I withdraw my objec-
tion to receiving the conference report, so that he
may go on afterwards. When I made the objec-
tion I did not know that he wished to make a
speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the report of the committee of conference
will be received. The Chair hears none.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. HAMMOND submitted the following re-
port:
The coimnittce of conference on tlie di«n: ieeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H It. \'o. 5.58) making appro-
priations foi ilie transportation ot the United States mail by
ocean steameis and oiliei wi^c dm mir the fiscal year ending
tlu* .30th of'June, 1859, having met. have, after full and tree
confeienee, agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
then respective ilou?es as follows :
Tharthe Senate do reeede from its fir&t amendment.
That the House recede from its iion-eoneurierice in the
third amendment of the Senate, and concur m said amend-
ment with amendments as follows : insert the word u new"
between the woid " other" and the word " contract" at
the end of the third Imeof said amendment. Stnke out the
word " five" m the fifth line of ^aid third amendment, and
m^'rt the word " two" in lieu thereof; and add at thy end
of the said amendment the woids il nor for any other com-
pensation than the &ea and inland postages on the mails bo
transported."
That the Hnuse recede fiom its non-concuuence m the
fourth amendment of the Senate.
That thfi Senate recede fiom its fifth amendment.
J H HAMMOND,
S. R. MALLOI>Y,
JOHN P HALF,,
Managers o?t the part of the Senate.
U K. SICKLE,
M. K- 11. C!ARIVETT,
JOHNC. KUNKEL,
Managers on Ike part of the House.
Mr. HAMMOND. I suppose some explana-
tion of the report is necessary. The first amend-
ment to this bill was to authorize the Postmaster
General to allow a change in the terminus of the
route of the Collins line, so that their vessels
might go to Southampton instead of Liveipool.
Prom that amendment the committee of confer-
ence recommend that the Senate recede. The
second amendment was not touched. The third
amendment is altered. In its original form it pro-
vided lhat the Postmaster General should not
make a contract for ocean mail service for a longer
period than five years; and it has been modified
to read that he shall make no such new contract
for a period longer than two years, nor for a
greater amount of compensation than the post-
ages, sea and inland. The fourth amendment m
which the House did not concur, provided that
the Postmaster General should bo authorized to
make contracts for carrying the mail by sea for
the amount of the postages: in the case of a for-
eign vessel for the amountof the foreign postages,
and in the case of an American vessel ior the for-
eign and inland postages, but in all cases to give
a preference to an Ameiican vessel unless it should
sail at a period later than three days from the for-
eign vessel. In that amendment, made by the
Senate, in which the House did not concur, the
committee recommend that the House shall con-
cur. The other amendment was nothing but a
repetition of that, amounting to very little, and
the committee propose thatthe Senate recede from
it. .
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to concur 111 the re-
port. 1 think it is a very good report.
The report was concurred m.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced
that the House hadconcuired m the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two "Houses on the bilj (H. R. No. 558)
making appropriations for the transportation,.of
the United States mail by ocean steamers and oth-
erwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1859.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. ;
A message from the House of Representatives ,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that' the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
199) making appropriations for the naval servjee-
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859; and
it was signed by the "Vice President.
SAN FRANCISCO POST OTFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General,.commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the ]0th instant, certain papers relative
to alleged violations of law and malfeasance in
office on the part of the postmaster at San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. BRODERICK.. In accordance with a sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, I move that the communication be printed;
and let the motion go to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will be
referred to" the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Qom-
mittee on Printing, reported in favor of the mo-
tion to print the communication of the Postmas-
j ter General; and the motion was agreed to.
[ POST OFFICE REGULATIONS.
! The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
: ate a report of the Postmaster General, communi-
1 eating, in compliance with a resolution of the
] Senate of the 11th instant, information respecting
1 the purchase and distribution of certain books of
regulations by the Post Office Department; which
was ordered to he on the table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS WIDOWS' HALF PAY.
Mr. GWIN. 1 should like to have the Senate
take up a joint resolution from the House in re-
gard to carrying the mad to California.
Mr. HAMLIN. What has become of the mo-
tion submitted by the Senator from Ohio, (Mr.
Wade?] It was passed over to receive the re-
port of the committee of conference on the maL
steamer bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio yielded the floor, and by unanimous consent
the conference report was received. The Senator
from Ohio has not since addressed the Chair, and
the Senator from California is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would inquire whether the
motion of the Senator from Ohio was yielded for
any purpose except to receive the report of the
conference committee; and is not that motion now
before the Senate, the conference report having
been disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. He would have been happy to recognize the
Senator if he had risen.
Mr. HAMLIN. He is out on a conference
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
cognize him when he comes in, if he endeavors to'
obtain the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the motion was before
the Senate; and it has not been disposed of. It
was the Senator from Michigan who yielded the
floor to the Senator from South Carolina to make
his report. The Senator from Michigan was on
the floor, and was in the act of speaking.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that, on calling to mind what occurred, the
motion of the Senator from Ohio was before the
Senate; and, by unanimous consent, the floor was
yielded to the Senator from South Carolina to
make a report from a committee of conference.
That report having been disposed of, the Senate
recurs to the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
take up the resolution which he named; and on
that motion the Senator from Michigan has the
floor.
Mr. STUART. 1 am desirous that there should
