THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
their votes. Is that any slander on this body?
or was it any slander on the last Congress? Who
knows whether it was true or not?
The committee of investigation did not summon
Mr. Matteson before them, and ask him who
were these twenty or thirty men, arid whether the
understanding of Mr. Johnson was correct. But
I do not propose at this time to review the action
of that committee. 1 pass that by. I thought at
the last Congress that the mode of proceeding was
unfair, and that it broke down all the barriers
thrown around innocence when accused of crime.
I think so still, but 1 am not going back to that
question; for I know the House is already weary
of this discussion.
Now to the point. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harris] says he will not sit here and asso-
ciate with rogues and thieves and felons. Mr.
Speaker, the constituencies of the respective
congressional districts of the country select our
associates on this floor, and not we ourselves. If
we had the selection ourselves we should proba-
bly make a very different selection in many cases.
Yet it is not for this House to erect itself into a
judge of the personal merits of its members after
they have beerf passed upon by the constitu-
ency? Are the majorities of the respective con-
gressional districts of the country to choose their
Representatives on this floor of such persons as
they please, or are you to say that because of the
moral derelictions of character which you may
suppose a member possesses, or because of some
erroneous opinion of his which you may think
destructive to the welfare of the country, he must
not be elected, or if so, he must be driven from
this Hall?
The gentleman from Illinois says a member
may have been convicted of treason. Suppose he
was convicted of treason, orof murder, or of any-
thing else, and a majority of his congressional
district choose to send him here: is it for a ma-
jority ojn the floor to expel him from the Hall? If
$0, then the theory of this Government is a fal-
lacy. If there is any disqualification under the
Constitution of the country, that of course bars
thechoice which the people might otherwise make.
Disqualification under the organic law of the coun-
try is, of course, paramount to all majorities. But
where there is no disqualification under the Con-
stitution; and where the majority of voters of a
congressional district send a member here, it is a
strange doctrine that would deprive such man of
his right to a seat in this House; and it is to pro-
test against such an assumption of power by the
House that I have sought the floor.
I think we have made rapid strides in this Con-
gress in trampling down the individual rights of
citizens, in our treatment of contumacious wit-
nesses. The ruin of liberty begins when per-
sonal rights arc violated. This new doctrine that
a majority of this House, because they may not
like the moral character of a member, or may not
like anything pertaining to him personally, shall
have the right to expel him, when the question on
which the charge is based was known to the con-
stituents who elected him, is a doctrine highly
dangerous to personal liberty, and strikes at the j
vital principle of free government. 1
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. May I ask the gen-
tleman this question ?
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield the floor. It was
with great difficulty I obtained it myself. The
gentleman has been talking all day, while I have
kept my seat in silence. Hut I do not propose to
weary the patience of the House. By the struc-
ture of your Government, a majority or the voters
of each congiessional district are entitled to elect
whom they please as their Representative. If
you do not like the Representative whom they I
send, you can take the seat furthest from him, |
and withhold all personal intercourse; but he has ;
the right to enter this Hall as your peer m legis- |
lation. Is it for any gentleman to set up a claim j
that there is greater purity of character in the •
people of his congressional district than m the
people of any other congressional district? It is
not for this House to inquire what is the moral
character of one of its members, so far as legis-
lationon this floor is concerned, so long as he vio-
lates none of its rules of order or decorum. He
comes here the Representative of an independent
constituency of one hundred thousand people, and
stands, in view of his constitutional rights, the
equal of all other members.
Now, I have read from the evidence to show
that the very letter which was made the basis of
this whole charge was known to the constituents
of Mr. Matteson when he was elected a mem-
ber of this Congress.
You passed sentence upon him last Congress
for libeling that House. And now I ask, what
authority is there in this House to expel a man
for a libel on a past Congress? I can say what I
please of a preceding Congress. It may be true
or false; that is none of the business of this
House. And should they attempt to arraign me
for it, it would be but a renewal of the odious
doctrine contained in the sedition laws of the old
Federalists. For what I say of the House in
which I may occupy a seat, it can pass judgment
upon me; and my conduct during the existence
of the Congress to which I am elected may be
subjected to its action; but when the next Con-
gress comes, I deny its authority to inflict any
punishment for declarations that I may have made
m regard to this House. To assume such au-
thority would be to trample down the rights of
the constituency which I represent on this floor,
and which is entitled to be represented, no matter
what may be the moral character either of the
constituency or its Representative. Now, in ac-
cordancc with my promise, I renew the call for
the previous question.
Mr. RITCHIE. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw it, to permit me to correct my colleague
on a question of fact.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am not disposed
to cut off any legitimate debate on this subject.
If anybody wants to speak m Mr. Matteson's
defense, I will withdraw the call for the previous
question.
Mr. RITCHIE. I do not want to speak in his
defense. I merely wish to say that my colleague
[Mr. Grow] is not correct in stating that Mr.
Matteson was not called before the investigating
committee of last Congress. He was asked re-
I peatedly to come there, and he declined to attend.
I Mr. GROW, Was he summoned as a wit-
i ness?
| Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir.
| Mr. GROW. That is it; what is the use in
j evading?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. As the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] to whom I
yielded the floor, has raised a question of fact to
which his colleague wishes to reply, I withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. GROW. It is no question of fact with my
colleague; he admits what I claimed.
Mr. RITCHIE. I merely wish to say that
Mr. Matteson repeatedly received notice to ap-
pear before the committee—as a party, of course;
because he was not a witness. We gave him
notice to attend as a party, and he declined to at-
tend. He was notified that the committee would
be glad to hear anything he had to sav. I wish
to add further, with the permission of the gentle-
man 
Mr. GROW. Was Mr. Matteson summoned
at any time to give evidence before the committee
in reference to this matter of Mr. Reverdy John-
son ?
Mr. RITCHIE. He stated in his letter to the
committee  !
Mr. GROW. Was he sent for or notified to 1
attend and give evidence on that point? [
Mr. RITCHIE. Yes; he had notice to attend. I
Mr. GROW. The gentleman is evading the J
question. j
Mr. RITCHIE. He was not subpenaed as a
witness; but he was cited to attend as a party, j
In reference to the question of constitutional j
power, I have no doubt as to the power of the |
House toexpelamember wheneveritmay think fit.;
No limits are placed to that power by the Con- '
stitution, but its exercise is left to the discretion 1
of the House. The Constitution, however, fur-
nishes us, m its provisions with reference to crim-
inal trial, wirh a rule by which I think we ought
to be guided in analogous cases, unless there
should be strong reasons to the contrary. The
Constitution provides that no person shall be twice
put in jeopardy of life or limb for the same of-
fense. This member was before the last House;
that House tried and condemned him. Now,
much as I condemn the action of that member, i
think we had better follow the rule laid down by
the Constitution in other cases. In other cases,
men cannot be tried and punished twice for the
same offense. I do not say that we cannot doit
in this case. On the contrary, I think we can.
Rut I think the better course in this case is to refer
the matter to a committee for consideration. I
renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to lay the
whole subject upon the table.
Mr. MILES. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.*
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 122; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bliss,
Biayton, Bulfinton, Builingume, Campbell, Case, Chaffee,
Ezra, (-lark, dawson, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dodd,Durfep,Edie,
Farnsworth, Giddings, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan,
Horton, Howard, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Leach, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Morgan, Oliver A.
Morse,Murray, Parker, Petut, Potter, Purviance, Ritchie,
llobbins, Roycp, John Sheiman, Stanton, Stephens, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Wade, Walbndge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, and Wood— 61.
NAYS—Messrs. Adnun, Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bingham, Bishop, Boeoek. Bonham, Bryan, Burnett, Burn1:?,
Burroughs, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Clem-
ens, Clmgman, Cobb, Claik B. Cochrane, John CoeUiane,
Cockerill, Cornins, James Craig, Crawford, Curry, Cuitis,
Damiell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes,
Dnnmiek. Dovvdell, Edmundson, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilhs,
Gilman, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood. Gie?g, Groesbeck,
Thomas L Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, George W.Jones,
Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kun-
kel, Lawrence, Maclay, McQueen. Samuel S.Marshall,
Mason, Miles, Miller. Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, I^aae N. Morris, Mott, Ohn,
Palmer, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottle,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Rexlv, Ricaud, Ruffin,
RusseM, Sandidge, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner,
Stevenson, Jamps A. Stewart, George Taylor, Thayer,
Underwood. Waid, Israel Washburn, White, Whiteley,
Winslow, Woodson. Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—122.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. WOODSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Anderson, was detained from his seat by illness.
Mr. BISHOP stated that his colleague, Mr.
Arnold, had been called home by sickness in
his family.
Mr. WINSLOW said: Mr. Speaker, my col-
league, Mr. Branch, has gone home. He was
very sick for some time before leaving. He has
paired off with Mr. Hall, of Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Cox, was detained at his room by
sickness.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Corning, had been called home by
sickness in his family; and that his colleague,
j Mr. Clark, was still confined to his room By
I severe indisposition.
i Mr. COCKEIIILL stated that his colleague,
| Mr. Hall, had been called home by illness in his
j family.
j Mr. DAWKS stated that his colleague, Mr.
i Hall, had been unexpectedly called from the
| House, and had paired off with Mr. Smith, of
| Illinois.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. J. Glancy Jones, had been confined to his
room for four or five days, by a severe indispo-
sition.
Mr. MOORE stated that his colleague, Mr,
Stallworth, was confined to his room by sick-
ness.
Mr. BURNETT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Talbott, was detained at his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. COLFAX stated that his colleague, Mr.
: Wilson, having been called home, had informed
ji him that he had paired off with Mr. Keitt on the
Kansas question and on the contested-election
cases.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had^ paired off
with Mr. Davidson, who was detained from ihe
House by sickness.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the motion to refer to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
