2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
be an executive session*, and I think itimportant
that we should have one. I intimated it before
the Senate took the recess. *
Mr. GWIN." I hope we shall attend first to
legislative business.
Mr. STUART. I feel it incumbent on me to
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. GWIN. There is a question before the
Senate; and that motion cannot be made until the
pending question is disposed of.
Mr. STUART. It has always been held that
a motion for executive session is like a motion to
adjourn, and is always in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
indeed he knows, that, during this session, a mo-
tion to proceed to consider executive business has
been* held to be always in order.
Mp. COLLAMER. I suppose that motion is
a question which may be discussed.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; a motion to go into
executive session is not a debatable question.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then if a motion is made
to go into executive session every man is gagged.
Mr, STUART. You cannot discuss in open
session the necessity for going into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish fo say that
we ha.-ve appropriation bills yet unpassed upon;
Qnd if we now go into executive session for the
evening, we cannot finish our legislation.
Mr. STUART. At the request of several Sen-
ators, I withdraw the motion; but, in my judg-
ment, we ought to have an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to take up the joint resolution indi-
cated by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
The motion was not agreed to.
MA.ILS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to take up the House
joint resolution (No. 37) in regard to carrying the
united States mail from St. Joseph, Missouri, to
PJacerville, in California.
On a division being called for, thirteen Senators
voted in favor of the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
agreed to.
Mr. BRODERICK. I think the question had
better be stated again. It is an important mat-
ter. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question.
The question being put; the motion was not
agreed to.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I made an attempt a few
mornings a^o to call the attention of the Senate
to the bill (S. No. 373) declaratory of the acts for
carrying into effect the ninth article of the treaty
of 1819 between the United States and Spain. I
explained at that time what the character of the
bili was, and I now move to take it up for consid-
eration. I do not propose to discuss it to the ex-
clusion of legislation on the appropriation bills,
but I should like to have the sense of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill which it is now pro-
posed to take up is one which will necessarily
lead to a long discussion, ft involves the ques-
tion of interest on the Florida claims. It has been
before the Senate repeatedly, and it was rejected
by a vote of, I think, seven to one on the last oc-
casion when it wa« here. The Court of Claims
have decided against the legality of the allowance,
if I understand their decision rightly. The case
involves many questions, and the principal one is
whether the law of 1834 overruled the former de-
cision of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to
declare that the interest was within the treaty, or
whether the allowance was a mere gratuity, and
whether, under all the circumstances, interest
ought to be allowed. The amount involved is
somewhere between a milho.i and a million and a
half dollars. The bill cannot be passed without
discussion. It was before the Senate in former
tirn-'s, when many gentlemen who are not now
here were members of the Senate. On the last
occasion when it was before us, it was rejected by
a most decisive vote, at least seven to one. I have
not seen the opinion of the Court of Claims in full
on the whole merits of the case, but my former
impressions were against the claim, and, at all
events, I shall insist on the right of discussing it.
I am very sure it ought not to be taken up in this
way.
Mr. MALLORY. I will occupy the attention
of the Senate but a moment in reply to the Sen-
ator from Delawa^p, if I can get the eas of the
Senate, which I perceive to be a very difficult,
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
appeal to the Senate to preserve order, and have
less confusion in the Chamber. The Chair will
not recognize any Senator while the conversation
is so general.
Mr. MALLORY. This bill was 'reported from
the Committee on Claims upon the 17th of May,
and last week I drew the attention of Senators to
it, and asked them to consider the report made
by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] in favor of the bill. It is evident that,
unless it be taken up now, the session will pass by
without its consideration. It is not my purpose
now to make a debate upon the merits of the bdl.
The Senator from Delaware has truly stated its
character. It is to allow interest on the Florida
claims. It is, in other words, to redeem the
plighted faith of the country under the Florida
treaty. It is to meetthe complaints of a foreign
nation to whom the faith of this country is pledged.
I will not detain the Senate, because gentlemen
who wish to discuss the bill can do so after it
shall have been taken up.' I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to take it up.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, to whom the subject was referred, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
456) to furnish the Court of Claims with law
books and congressional documents.
The bill was read and passed to a second lead-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
ITe'also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 44) to
grant to the judges and solicitor of the Couit of
Claims the use of the Congressional Library, and
for other purposes, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to;
•the bill reported by the committee being consid-
ered as a substitute for the joint resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Henry M. Fleury and others, sub-
mitted a leport, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of Henry M. Fleury, of Louisiana. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen-, its Cierlc, announced that the
House had further insisted on its disagreement
to the amendments of the Semite to the bili (fc£.
11. No. 556) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Olftce Department for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1859, agreed to the further con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. He.vrv M. Phillips, Mr. Joh.v M.
Wood, and Mr. William W. Boyce conferees
on its part. A subsequent message announced
that Mr. Joiin V. Wright had been appointed
in the place of Mr. Boyce.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had concutrcd in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No. 535) to
establish certain post roads.
SEATS IN THE NEW HALL.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer a resolution which
affects eveiy member of this body:
Wherea*. it is expecn*d that the Senate will oceiipv the
new Hall p.i'p'iunu; tor it* u-,c. at tile next se-^ion, to" pre-
vent confusion in tiio of -seat* tDerem, be it
Rc-.ylveJ, Thar the choico ot *"uts therein shall be de-
termine! cLi'tl jugulated as fWlows: Tne Senator >ha!l be
divided into ttirc.- rqu.iJ Tin: first class, shall coti-
ot tho-p Win) h<iv<_' hweu Joii^pst m continual seivtce in
tiio Serial", who sluil ftt>f dr.uv lot choice of seaN amonjj.-t
tiicnihi:lv.'^. The second ela-- shall eon^Ht or those who
h.ivt' served continuously for the no-a lonse-t tmn in the
Senate, who Miall (haw for choice of meats'auion« 't them-
selves. The remai'ang number shall diaw tor choice ot
seats among theiiw'lvei*. And m each ca^e the drawing
shall bo conducted m the u=ual manner.
I ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. HALE, Mr. POLK, and others, objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution must lie over.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
An act granting an invalid pension to William
Randolph;
An act granting an invalid pension to John
Holland, of Arkansas;
An act granting an invalid pension to William
Howell, of Tennessee; and
An act making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the military road from Astoria to Saloon,
m Oregon Territory.
CAPTORS OF THE BRIG CALEDONIA.
Mr. BELL. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to House bill No. 218. Ilis, a private
bill which has been twice reached on the Calen-
dar, but was objected to, and of course went over
under the rule adopted that no bill should be con-
sidcied to which any member objected. The
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] objected
to it upo*n both occasions, but since he made the
last .objection he has told me that he had an
amendment prepared which would remove the
objection, and I think the bill may as well be
taken up now; for there will be no time occupied
in its discussion, because the principle on which it
rests is well known. It is a proposition founded
upon the usage of the Govemmeutm such cases.
Bv some unaccountable omission on the part of
Congress, the capture of the British brig Cale-
donia in the war of 1S12, was not noticed at the
time, although the officer who commanded the
Detroit, a brig that was captured at the same time,
was not onl v distinguished by a medal, but shared
in the benefitof an appropriation of the supposed
value of the brig. The Caledonia was captured
by General Towson, and his gallant comrades,
who contrary to an order of the naval commander
took the responsibility of preserving her from the
flames, which he was ordered to communicate to
her, and she performed distinguished service in
the battle of Erie subsequently under Commodore
Perry. I hope the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana will respond to the statement I have made
on*the subject.
Mr. SLiDELL. I did object to this bill; and
I am not entirely satisfied with its principles. X
informed the Senator from Tennessee, however,
that if certain amendments were made, I should
interpose no objection to its passage. It was dis-
cussed in a full meeting of the Naval Committee,
and I believe all the members assented to the
amendments which I proposed; but it was not
thought necessary to have the bill recommitted,
and with the understanding that the amendments
will be accepted, I have no objection to the con-
sideration of the bill. If they be not accepted, it
will probably lead to a protracted debate. With
the understanding that the amendments I have
already shown to the Senator from Tennessee
shall be admitted, I consent to the bill being taken
up.
Mr. BELL. Yery well.
^The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. II.
No. 218) for the benefit of the captors of the
British brig Caledonia, m the war of 1^1:2, was
considered, as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment of #25,0U0 to the
captois of the British bri? Caledonia, on tiic 8th
of October, 1812, on the Niagara river, near Fort
Erie, or to their legal representatives. 'The pay-
ment is to be made to the legal representatives of
the iate Captain Jesse D. Elliott, to the legal rep-
resentatives of the late General Nathan Towson,
then a captain of artillery, and to the-officcrs and
men engaged in the capture, or their legal repre-
sentatives, m such proportion as each may be
found to be entitled to, according to the usages of
the naval service.
Mr. HAYNE. I rise, Mr. President, to do
justice to two distinguished soldieis, and to th^ir
tamihes now alive. I am minutely acquainted
with all the circumstances of this cas*>. I was
myself in Sackett's Harbor, and this trans-
action occurred immediately after the battle of
