1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 5,
have. Great Britain, which, like that fabled giant
of old, has its hundred arms out in all directions,
seizing territory everywhere, because she sees
that the United States might have the advantage
in Central America, says to us, " hands off!"
and our Government assents to it. Is it not,
when stated, a monstrous proposition, that the
limbs of this young, growing, and free Repub-
lic should be bound by any such treaty through
ail time? Why, Mr. Speaker, suppose we should
say to Great,Britian, we will agree that you and
we will never take any portion of Asia: Great
Britain would laugh at us; she would tell us that
we had no possessions or interest there, and had
no right to expect her to make any such agree-
ment. Suppose we should say to her, " neither
of us will touch any islands in the Red Sea, and
especially the island of Perim, which you are now
fortifying:" Great Britain would say, "though we
have no possessions within a thousand miles of
that island, yet it lies directly between us and our
possessions in the East, and therefore there is no
mutuality in the proposition, and we will not
make the treaty."
Being encouraged, however, by her success in
this Clayton-Bulwer matter, she proposed a sim-
ilar agreement in relation to Cuba; but the Amer-
ican people had been aroused, and understood the
effect and folly of such a policy, and Mr. Ever-
ett and Mr. Fillmore declined the proposition. If
it had been adopted, the next movement would
have been in reference to Mexico, and our hands
would have been completely tied by a great Power
which is constantly acquiring territory in all parts
of the world. Remember, sir, that this is the effect
of our own American construction of this treaty.
By our own interpretation of it our hands will be
tied for all time. But we have not even the poor
consolation that she is also bound. After the
treaty was made, Great Britain said, " by its terms
we are allowed to hold all we now possess, but
we will not take any more; and, as you have got
nothing there, you will take nothing." I need
not argue against the absurdity of such a prop-
osition. Suppose A and B are contending for a
house, and A has possession of four of the five
rooms in it; but there being one vacant room re-
maining, he proposes to B that neither of them
shall occupy any part of that house, or exercise
any control over it. It is agreed to; but after the
contract has been executed, A says: " I am not to
give up the four rooms I now hold, but 1 am not
to take that fifth room, and you are to let it alone
likewise,and to stay outofdoors." What would
be said of such an arrangement? Now, to show
that such is the case m the present instance, if
gentlemen will look at this map, printed by order
of the Senate two years ago, [here Mr. C. held
up the map before the House,] they will see that
this red line shows the British claim. Tliey will
find that it covers four fifths of the eastern coast
of Central America. Why, sir, that claim has
been refuted by argument a hundred times. Mr.
Buchanan himself al'gued it ably. If gentlemen
will look at the speech of Senator Seward, made
two years ago, they will find an able argument to
show that Great Britain had no right whatever to
hold one foot of that territory. Mr. Sesvard said
that, sooner than submit to her pretension, we
ought to have a war with her. But he makes an
argument, founded on the evils of war, and lec-
ommends continued negotiation.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Does the gentle-
man from North Carolina concur in the views of
Senator Seward ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say to the gentleman
that " sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Whether we shall go to war to resist this British
assumption is a matter for another occasion; but
I was showing how perfectly convinced Governor
Seward was as to the injustice of her claim, to
resist which he was willing to go to war. He
recommends that we should negotiate further—a
most lame and impotent conclusion; for we have
been negotiating with her for the last eight years,
and we have not yet succeeded in getting a settle-
ment from her. If gentlemen would like to know
with what rapidity negotiations withherprogress,
let them look back to her negotiations with Spain,
and they will find that, for two hundred years,
Spain had been trying to get her out of that coun-
try, and was not able to do it with all the treaties
that could be made.
The truth is, that the British Government has
been strengthening itself in these possessions, and
has held them foreightyears,and she cannot, hon-
orably, back out from the construction she has
stood on so long. It was the proposition, how-
ever, of an Administration which has gone out
of power, and one which the present feeling of
England and the present Administration would,
perhaps, not originally have indorsed. I think,
therefore, with President Buchanan, that the true
mode of meeting this issue is to abrogate the
treaty, and to leave negotiation to arise upon it
hereafter.
But I am met with this idea by gentlemen. The
resolution reported by the committee is a declar-
ation against both the British and American con-
struction of the treaty, and recommends that the
President take steps for its abrogation. But some
gentlemen say that the President and Senate are
the treaty-making power; and it is indelicate for
this House to ever express an opinion on such a
subject. There are some questions of such vast
moment that the representatives of the people have
the right to look into them. Suppose there was
a proposition to annex all Mexico or Brazil to the
United States: will it be contended that the repre-
sentatives of the American people have not the
right to express their opinion upon it, when every
town meeting or popular gathering in the country
has the right to do so? Remember that we are,
in fact, the war-making power, and that treaties
often lead to war. We have to vote the money to
carry them out, frequently, and therefore we must
have the right to look into them. In England,
whence we get our notions of parliamentary law,
and of our rights to a great extent, though the
King has the power to declare war and to make
treaties without consulting either branch of Par-
liament, yet, in the House of Commons, they
have always held that they have the right to dis-
cuss those questions, to ask for explanations, or
to refuse supplies; and many ministers have been
turned out because not sustained by the House of
Commons, on mere questions of foreign policy.
And will it be contended that what the House of
Commons may do in a monarchy, the Represent-
atives of the American people cannot do >
We have a Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
to that committee has been referred this identical
message of the President of the United States, in
which ho strongly condemns this treaty, and says
it ought to be abrogated. The rules of this House
require the committees to report uponeverything
which is referred to them. That committee was
obliged to report; and the most limited report we
could make was a resolution expressive simply
of our opinion. We have not gone so far as to
recommend action. I think, therefore, that every
gentleman will see in a moment that this is the
proper mode of proceeding. We do not trammel
the President at all, but propose to back him. In
my judgment, the President will find, if this old
stumbling-block is removed, that a satisfactory
arrangement may be made outside of it. Be that
as it may, I am willing to leave the whole matter
with him. But there are some questions of ex-
pediency of vast moment involved, and I will
bring some of them to the consideration of the
House.
By the abrogation of this treaty we shall open
that country ultimately to the occupation of citi-
zens of the United States. A great advantage
will result from our occupation, as well to that
country as to us. In all ages of the world, where
the higher races have had control of the greater
portion of the earth, it has been most prosperous.
There are now, Mr. Speaker, four Powers which
are extending their dominion over inferior raccs.
In the northeast there is the great Russian Em-
pire, which has sprung up in modern times, but it
now holds one half o? Europe, all the north of
Asia, and has an area of eight million square
miles, and a population of sixty-five millions, and
is extending its dominion over the semi-barbarous
nations of Asia. Whatever may be thought of
the Russian Government as compared with our
own, I think that all men will agree that the
system it will establish will be more stable and
more conducive to the material prosperity of those
countries than their present system.
The second Power is that which exists in south-
western Europe on a comparatively small area.
The French Empire in Europe, including the isl-
and of Corsica, consists of only two hundred and
five thousand square miles—less than the area of
the State of Texas. But there is in that territory
a population of nearly forty million people—ac-
tive, energetic, highly civilized, intelligent and
brave, and constituting, in my opinion, the most
formidable military Power that the sun has ever
shone upon. If the ascendency of France is not
as striking as was that of imperial Rome, it is be-
cause her neighbors and rivals are vastly superior
to the semi-barbarous nations over which the Ro-
man eagles directed their victorious flight. France
is now occupying northern Africa, and I have no
doubt that civilization will be benefited by it.
The third Power is that which rests on a little
island in the Atlantic ocean—an island less than
several States of this Union. But its dominions
have been extended to every zone, till they girdle
the entire globe. Great Britain controls a larger
amount of the earth's area than has been ever
heretofore subjected to one Government. She has
under her dominion more than two hundred mil-
lion people—nearly one fourth of the whole human
race. She has subjected to her every variety of
men, from the Caucasian down to the negro.
The fourth Power is that which exists on this
western continent. It has sprung up so suddenly,
and its progress has been so rapid, compared with
the old empires, that it reminds me of the vision
of Daniel, of the he-goat that came from theWest
so rapidly that he touched not the ground. It is
only a little more than fifty years since Talley-
rand said that the United States was a young giant
without bones or nerves. Since that day, how-
ever, the bone has been hardening, the muscles
swelling, and the sinews toughening; and the
United States now standsamong the greatPowers
of the earth. We have a territory of about three
million square miles—as much as imperial Rome
had in her palmiest days; and though only one
third as much as the territory of England or even
of Russia, yet when you consider the compact-
ness of this country and its qualities, it is vastly
superior to either. At least two thirds of the ter-
ritory of the United Slates is capable of settle-
ment. If it was all settled up as densely as Mas-
sachusetts and as Rhode Island are, it would have
a population of above two hundred million—more
than all Europe now lias. We have a fronton
both the great oceans. We have the Gulf of
Mexico — onr western Mediterranean — on our
southern border. Napoleon I. attempted to make
the European Mediterranean a French lake, and
failed in it. If the United States are true to them-
selves they will make the Gulf of Mexico a great
American lake, supplied by that grand artery
which drains the magnificent Mississippi basin.
When you remember, therefore, the character of
our territory, its compactness, its fertility, its
favorable climate, and its productions, with its
active, intelligent, and moral population, it must
be admitted by every one that there is no Power
on earth which has greater advantages than we
have.
Nov/, Mr. Speaker, we, too, have subjected to
our control some of the inferior races. Let us,
for a moment, draw a comparison between the
United States and these other Powers. I will
take Great Britain, not only because she is most
like us, but because she makes the greatest pre-
tensions to enlarged philanthropy, civilization,
and general humanity, and because she holds a
great variety of races under her dominion; but
especially because the real question is, " shall
Great Britain or the United States control tliis
Central American country?" Let us make the
comparison, then. Great Britain has subjected
to her in India one hundred and seventy million
people. The Government, m large sections, owns
the land, and obliges the occupants to cultivate it
as tenants. Lord Brougham, in one of his speeches
in the British Parliament, said that eighteen twen-
tieths of the gross products of the soil were drawn
away from its cultivators in certain localities. No
man believes that the inhabitants of any country
can live on the one tenth of all the products, or
even one fourth—perhaps not one half, if you take
a large district into view. And therefore, accord-
ing la Bishop Ileber and other British writers,
millions of people die in India annually from
oppression and famine. Some men have said—
whether truly or not I cannot tell—that the pop-
ulation of that country has diminished by thirty
million since Great Britain got control of it. But
this much is certain: a few years ago the British
Government sent a commission to India to ex-
