890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
told him not to admit them. The officer being a subordin- !
ate, and not understanding the rules of the House, obeyed .
Potter. Potter then amused himself by mockingly and I
derisively laughing at the situation of Messrs. Elliott and 1
Wright. i
u In the mean while Elliott procured a brick-bat, and !
holding it up to the view of the officer, told him if he did
not unbar the door he would smash it and his head too. Tins
frightened the officer, who ran and brought the principal
Doorkeeper to the scene of action, explaining, meanwhile,
the circumstanccs of the ease. The puncipal Dooikeeper
acknowledged the light of Elliott and Wright to admit-
tance and unbarred the door. Wheieupon Mr. Wright
made a very brisk application of ins pedal extremity to the
person of Potter, for his impudent interfeience. J
" The future valorous leader received his chastisement in
humility and meekness, until Wright, after kicking to his j
heart's content, turned to go to his seat. Potter then ran
his hand m his bosom, as if to draw a weapon. WRiGHTte- .
marked, 4 Do you have the impudence to feign diawing i
a weapon on me." Potter nodded assent; whereupon
Wright returned to the former application of his foot. In 1
the mean time, two of Potter's allies came to his lescue,
and attempted to interfere. Elliott immediately seized
both of them, holding one in each hand as with the gup of
a vice, and calling to Wright to let the d—d lascal's
friends see him kicked well, since they chose to intei fere. 1
Wright, with two spectators to stimulate him, returned to
the attack with renewed vigor, and only dented when,
through exhaustion, he could kick no longer, and then left
the 4 kicked future leader' to the condolence of hi-s specta-
tor allies."
The reading of the above article created much ;
merriment upon all sides of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to the time of the ,
House being occupied about this matter. I con-
sider that publication a hoax.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I have only to :
add, that the article is false in every particular, ,
and without the least shadow of foundation. 1
have never spoken with either of the gentlemen
named in that article, and I pronounce the writer |
of the article, or whoever dictated it, guilty, with
malignant, deliberate, and willful falsehood.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stanton's
motion. I
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED. '
Mr. BUYAN, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills of
the following titles; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to amend an act to divide the State of
Texas into two judicial districts, approved Feb-
ruary 21, 1857. Referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A bill to provide a buildinsr for the accommo-
dation of the couiis of the United States, and the
post offices at Austin and Brownsville, in the
State of Texas. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill to alter and create certain collection dis-
tricts in the State of Texas. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
RESOLUTIONS OF TEXAS.
Mr. BRYAN, also, by unanimous consent., pre-
sented the joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Texas, relative to Indian spoliations; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVV.
Mr. SEWARD, i rise to a privileged motion.
I desire to call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which a resolution (S. No. 3) to extend
and define the authority of the President under
the act approved January 16, 1857, was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman cannot call up a motion to recon-
sider until the two pending questions to suspend
the rules are disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD. The rule declares that mo-
tions to reconsider shall take precedencc of all
motions except motions to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. And these two motions are
to suspend that and the other rules.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes; but my motion takes
precedence of ail except motions to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I will call the attention
of the Chair directly to the rule.
MOTIONS TO GO INTO COMMITTEE. 1
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I call for tellers 1
on the motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Buffinton were appointed. 1
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 74.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules and go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
QUESTION of order.
Mr. SEWARD. My object in calling up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution in reference to the act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy, was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, was
that the House mightiix some particular day next
week for its consideration. If gentlemen will
allow me, I will submit a motion to make this
resolution a special order for next Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
it.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I shall appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Some time since, the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Seward] made a motion
to reconsider the vote by which a joint resolution,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The motion was entered.
This morning, he proposes to call up that motion
while a motion is pending to suspend the rules and
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The Chair decides that the ques-
tion on the motion to suspend the rules must be
first put and decided, inasmuch as that is a prop-
osition to suspend all the rules, including that
under which the gentleman claims his right.
Mr. SEWARD. Would any remarks be in
order ? 1 should like to be heard on the question
for about two minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
question is not debatable. The question is one
relating to priority of business, and no debaie is in
order on any appeal growing out of that question.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the reading of the
55th rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is the question of appeal
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the reading of
the rule, which is in the nature of debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very
glad if the House would indulge the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know if I have not
a right to have a rule read which must control
both the Presiding Officer and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania?
The rule was read, as follows:
" 55. When a motion has been once made, and carried in
lhe affirmative or n<'eativ<\ it •-hall be 111 order for any mem-
ber of the majority to move for the reconsiueiation thereof
on the same or succcedmjday ; nm! f-nch motion shall take
precedence of all other questions except a motion to ad-
journ. and '-hall not bewirhdiawn after thesaidMiceeedins:
day \\ lihout the consent of tbc IIou&c ; and thereafter any
member mav call it up lor consideration.''
The SPEAKER. The Chair would make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Georgia which
13 conclusive: If this matter had been regularly
pending,and under the consideration of the House,
it would be superseded by a motion to suspend
the rules to go into the Committee of the Who!**
on the state of the Union, or into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair and myself differ
about that. But as it seems to embarrass the
House, I shall withdraw my appeal, though 1 am
satisfied that 1 am right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very willing
that the gentleman should entertain his opinion.
Mr. SEWARD, I have no doubt that the
Speaker is equally satisfied that he is right.
Mr. STANTON. Is it now in order to move
to go into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, pend-
ing the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. Has not business intervened
so as to make it in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion to suspend the rules and go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union must
be first put. The two motions were pending. The
motion of the gentleman had precedence. It has
been disposed of. The question now recurs on
the motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—ayes one hundred and five, noes not
counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union j
Mr. Hopkins in the chair.
indian Appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question he-
fore the committee was the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 5) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes, for the year ending 30th
June, 1859; upon which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Smith] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, *
I feci somewhat embarrassed in addressing the
committee to-day on a subject foreign to the bill
which is now under consideration; and yet I feel
justified in so doing, because the prominent topic
of discussion in this House and before the coun-
try is one of so much importance, one fraught
with such consequences to the Union, that any
member of this House is justified in departing
from the subject under consideration to lay before
the country his views, or to make whatever argu-
ment he may which may have a bearing or an in-
fluence upon the public mind or upon this House
in reference to the admission into this Union of
the State of Kansas, with all the rights and priv-
ileges of the original States of the Confederacy.
For the last few years, important events have
precipitated themselves in such rapid succession*
upon Congress and the country, that the states-
man and the patriot are lost, as it were, in bewil-
derment, contemplating the consequences of the
settlement of these questions, which come before
us as the Representatives of the people. This is
an important one, because it involves the conclu-
sion of the agitation, which commenced in 1820,
asainst the domestic institutions of one half of
the States of this Union. The first serious agita-
tion which occurred in this country in reference
to the question of slavery was in 1820, and from
that time until the present, in some form or other,
it has been a fruitful theme for politicians, states-
men, demagogues, and those who were disposed
to inflame the public mind, that they might live
for a time, at least, in the public estimation. It
was used for those excitements, inflammatory in
their character and injurious to the interests of
the countiy, which these men might create in the
minds of their constituents, and thus enable them
to hold on to power, which is one of the leading
and controlling motives of those who have not the
merit to come here upon a political creed right in
itself, and just to every section of the Union. I
do not care whether the disturbance comes from
the North or the South. I say, sir, that there is
a spirit of revolution abroad in the land, which,
if not checked, may some day result in inaugurat-
ing the train of circumstances referred to by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,]—a train
of circumstances which would destroy the fairest
fabric of government upon earth. It is not so
much the slavery question; it is not so much the
right of southern men to hold negroes as our
servants, as it is that spirit of revolution which
I am prepared to show the people of Kansas
are not responsible for. I relieve them, sir, from
the responsibility which I am prepared to show
rests upon the Representatives of the people.
This is a Government of law and order; and, un-
less maintained upon such principles, cannot be
maintained at all. I am no disunionist; I wish
not to talk about disunion; yet, sir, if the idea
shall go abroad that the dissolution of the Union
is an impossibility, it only arms those who would
crcate revolution with an additional incentive to
commit aggressions upon the rights of those who
may be weaker, who may be in the minority; to
commit aggressions upon the rights of sections
of this Union, either South or North, East or
West, which would bring about a dissolution of
the Union. I do not wish, sir, to see the measure
of which we have heard so much, forced through
under a threat of disunion. I make no such threat;
i have not the power to make any such threats.
I tell gentlemen on all sides of this House that,
if the day shall ever come when this Union shall
