1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
be dissolved, it must not be done by me, riot by i
Congress, but by the act of the States whose set-- j
vantsweare. If that time shall ever comc—which j
Heaven forbid!—I shall be the last man to leave ;
my post upon the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives. If the time shall come—which 1 do
not look for—that any portion of the Represent-
atives from the North or the South shall deem it
, proper to leave this Hall, I say, for one, that I
shall consider it my highest duty to remain here,
until recalled by the people of my State, and pre-
vent those who are here from doing harm to the
country.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not look to these con-
sequences. It is true, sir, that when we lose our
equality in this Union, when that is gone, when
the General Government becomes the oppressor
of the States, there then can be no Union; because
the very fact of union implies equality among all
the members thereof. A General Government
was formed and a more particular Union was
formed for public safety, and public defense, and
public justice-, and when it shall cease to accom-
plish those ends, and becomes the oppressor of
any section of this Union, or any State of this
Union, then I say the Union itself is at an end by
its own operation and by the action of the Federal
Government. I hope never to see that time come.
I do not believe it has ever been, and, without pre-
diction as to what may occur, without indicating
what course I shall pursue in reference to the fu-
ture, if Kansas shall be or shall not be admitted
under the Lecompton constitution, I content my-
self with acting upon the principle of the immor-
tal bard, who
•'* Sees what befell. and what may yet befall,
Concludes fiom both ; and host pi ovule's mr all "
Sufficient, then, " unto the day is the evil there-
of." Without going into a discussion of what I
may do, what my State may do, or what she ought
to do under the circumstances, I shall address my-
self to the question which I have selected for dis-
cussion to-day, and that is the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution.
The first question which arises here is, have we
the power to admit Kansas into the Union? the
second is, do the people of Kansas desire to be
incorporated as a State ? and the third, ought we,
in view of all the circumstances and aM the facts,
to admit her as a sovereign State of this Union ?
I do not wish to indulge here in remarks which
reflect upon the Representatives of any section of
this Union. 1 know that I have more to make at
home, by making an inflammatory speech here,
harrowing up imaginary wrongs which have been
done to my section of the Union. Those which
have been done heretofore are imaginary; but jf
the admission of Kansas shall be refused, they
then will become real, so far as this question is
concerned. If Kansas shall be refused to them
it will not be because her constitution tolerates
slavery; it will not be because it prohibits shivery;
it will not be because the constitutional conven-
tion did not submit the whole constitution to the
people; nay, sir, nor will it be because a large
minority of the citizens refused to participate in
making this constitution. If Kansas be refused
admission into this Union, it will be on account
of that revolutionaiy spirit which overrides all
law, and all constitutions, which, as I before re-
marked, was started in this House immediately
after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I
do not intend here to enter into a discussion of
that measure; 1 do not intend to construe it. It
construes itself. But before entering upon that, or
attempting to speak in reference to the operation
upon the people there, so far as authorizing them
to form a State constitution, I can go behind that
and find an enabling: act, if gentlemen desire iu
I have stated heretofore that I doubt the power of
this House or of Congress to pass an enabling
act; and as an original question, I should unhesi-
tatingly vote against any such proposition. The
Constitution of the United States provides that
" Congress may admit new States into the Union
with all the rights and privileges of the original
States." That is the only word in the Constitu-
tion in reference to the admission of new States
into this Union. Congress has no power to cre-
ate, no power to alter their constitution, has no
power to authorize them to make a constitution,
because that must proceed from the people them-
selves, and be the representation of the sovereign
will.
I need not enlarge upon this, because, as I be-
fore stated, there is an enabling act for the form-
ation of a State government for the Territory of
Kansas, dated anterior to the passage of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. I know, sir, that some, who
heretofore belonged to the Democratic party, are
of opinion that there ought to have been an en-
abling act—such as the distinguished Senatorfrom
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas]—but at the same time
admit that ag^tiabhng act is not necessary to the
formation of a constitution. Upon examination
I find that the treaty between the United States
and France, of the 30th of April, 1803—that treaty
which is the supreme law of the land—provides:
what? That Congress shall pass an enabling act ?
No, sir; but it provides that the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, which is a part of the Louisiana
Territory, shall be admitted into the Union as a
State or States, as soon as practicable.
The following is the article of the treaty re-
ferred to:
" That the inhabitant;* of the ceded teiritory shall he in-
corporated info the Union of the United States, and admit-
ted as soon a-; possible, aecoidin? to the principles of the
Federal Constitution. }o the enjoyment of all the rights, ad-
vantages, and immunities of citizens, of the United States j
and in the mean tune shall be maintained and protected in
the free enjoyment of their libcity, piopeity, and the religion
which they profess."
There, sir, is the enabling act, which this Con-
gress has no right to annul, even if it were neces-
sary to have an enabling act. I meiely mention
this, because it hinds Congress to admit this ter-
ritory into the Union as States, and there is not a
word in the treaty which provides that Congress
shall take preliminary steps to authorize them to
form a constitution and ask admission into the
Union. I voted during the last session of Con-
gress to authoiize Minnesota to form a constitu-
tion and ask admission into the Union. I was
one, I believe, of only thirteen southern men who
did cast such a vote. And, Mr. Chairman, I
bche\ethal all those who have served with me
here for the last five years will bear me witness,
that in all the votes I have given here, 1 have
given them without reference to any prejudice
which may exist in .my section of the country in
reference to the principles of men north of Mason
and Dixon's line. I voted for that act because it
had been established by precedents, and not be-
cause I believe, as an original question, that we
had power to pass an enabling act authorizing
Minnesota to form a constitution and ask admis-
sion into the Union. We did pass the act. Min-
nesota has formed a constitution, and m forming
that constitution she has departed from the law
of Congress. She had a right to depart from it.
She had a \ i-*ht to go contrary to it, because when
you admit that Congress can prescribe the mode
and manner in which States may form their con-
stitutions, you admit that Congress can control
the domestic institutions of States before and
after they shall be formed. Well, sir, Minnesota
has formed her constitution and presents it here;
and, notwithstanding that, in forming that consti-
tution, the has gone diiectly in the teeth of the
law of Congress, I expect—I do not say now that
I shall do it, because I have not looked info (he
question—but I expect to vote to admit the State
of Minnesota into the Union. What patriotism
I have is not bounded by a southern State, or by
a northern State, or by a county, or by a district.
But, Mr. Chairman, so far as Kansas is con-
cerned, the convention of the people have formed
a constitution, and ask admission into the Union
as a sovereign State. It is said by some that the
delegates to this convention were not fairly < loot-
ed . It is said by others that the convention did
not redeem us pledges. It is said again that the
constitution was not submitted to the people, and
that the convention had no authority to make a
constitution; but that they had only authority to
present to the people a constitution for their rati-
fication.
Sir, I deny this assumption. The convention,
in making that constitution, exercised the author-
ity delegated to it, and it exercised it in the only
mode in which it could do it with justice and fair-
ness. I call your attention to the law under which
the convention was organized and the delegates
were elected. Section sixteen provides, that—
" The delegate? tlm< elected «hall assemble in convention
at the capital of paid Terutory, on the first Monday ot Sep
temher next, and shall pioceed to loim its? constitution and
State government, which chaM be icpubhcan in it^loim,
f.D ndmi^ioh into the Union, on an equal footing uith iht
original States in all respects whatever, by the name of the
State of Kansas."
That section makes it the duty of the conven-
tion to form a constitution and State government;
and, sir, it is a fact, which is known perhaps to
every member of this committee, that that law was
vetoed by the Governor of the Territory of Kan-
sas upon the ground that it did not require the
constitution to be submitted to the people; and was
passed by a two-third vote over that veto, and thus
became a law It was under that law that the con-
vention acted. The convention formed a consti-
tution, and have presented it here. Will any one
say that the constitution is not republican in its
character ? I have heard no one say so yet; and,
on looking over it, any man must see that it is
not only republican in its character, but that it is
couched almost in the same language and in the
same terms as the most approved constitutions of
the other States of this Union. There is nothing
irregular in it; and I ask, where was the irregu-
larity in forming it? Before it was formed, an
election was held to take the sense of the people
as to whether they would form a constitution; and
they decided that they would. After that election,
and after that popular vote, the Legislature passed
the law, of which I have read a part, providing for
an election of delegates. Delegates were elected;
those delegates assembled in convention; they
made a constitution; and now it is said that, be-
cause they submitted the slavery clause only, and
did not submit the whole constitution to the peo-
ple, we should refuse to admit the State of Kan-
sas into the Union, although her constitution is re-
publican in form, and correct and proper in every
respect.
I ask you, sir, from whom does this objection
come ? The people of Kansas have been in an
unfortunate position;and why ? Bccause, as soon
as the-* Kansas-Nebraska bill passed, there were
a hundred members of this House, m the Thirty-
Third Congress, who determined that that bill
should not have its proper and legitimate effect.
It u not the people of Kansas who are to blamo.
The revolution started here, in the attempt to
annul and destroy the effect of a law passed in
pursuance of the Constitution, by a majority of
both Houses of Congress, and approved by the
President. If we are to have Jaws passed by all
the legislative branches of the Government thus
overturned by fraud and force, such as has been
witnessed m Kansas, and their effect defeated and
destroyed by aiTy party in this country, our Gov-
ernment will very soon be brought to an end. Re-
peal these laws, if you disapprove of them, in the
legitimate forum; but instead of that, members of
this Housm, some of whom are still here, openly
declared that the Kansas-Nebraskabillshould not-
have its legitimate effect, and that slavery never
should go into the Territory of Kansas. We ask
if the law was not constitutional? Gentlemen
admit that it was constitutional, that it was no
violation of the Constitution; but, say they, weave
so much opposed to slavery that we will defeat the
action of the law, we will destroy its effect, even
if we do it at the expense of our once glorious
Union. Such was the spnit which sent these
men to Kansas.
Now, what do we see ? At the very first elec-
tion held in the Territory we find disorders; we
find a large number of northern men there, not
for the purpose of settlement, but for the purpose
of shaping the institutions of Kansas. They
refused to go into the election; they refused to go
into any election affecting the organization of the
Territory into a State government.
Mr. Chairman, I have always acknowledged
that principle of law which says that no man shall
take advantage of his own wrong. These people
went into Kansas for the purpose of shaping its
institutions, peaceably if they could, foicibly if
they must. When they failed, they refused to go
into an election, although they were invited to do
so. They refused to go into the election when
the people were called on to dcclare their wishes
on the subject of framing a State government.
They refused to vote in the election of delegates.
They refused to vote when the article of the con-
stitution in regard to the question of slavery was
submitted to them. And now they comc here,
and ask us to reject the admission of the State.
And why? The reason is obvious; they do not
desire to'have this question settled; they desire
to keep it open. If you go to Kansas, you will
