1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
send there to protect our citizens. I think that
the African squadron might as well be employed
upon that scrvice. If we will submit to indignities
from white men, it is rather too much to take in-
sults and kicks from free negroes. Cannot the
Greytown affair at least be repeated in St. Do-
mingo?
But we are constantly met with the allegation
that Congress will do nothing; that Congress
would not back the Executive. We know very
well the short-comings of Congress; but, in my
judgment, there have been but few instances
where the Executive has had occasion to call for
and has shown a disposition to use force, that
Congress did not properly respond. Not only
in the Maine boundary dispute, but during the
Mexican war, the Government had everything it
asked. The misfortune has been, that some of
our Presidents heretofore have notshown the pur-
pose to act, and the consequence has been, that
Congress has been slow in advancing anything.
Our Navy now costs $15,000,000 a year—more
than the whole General Government cost in the
year 1824—and yet I am told that the Navy is
not much more efficient than it was in 1816. This,
if true, is attributable to the miserable system
which now prevails in having ignorant cleiks in
the Departments at the heads of bureaus, to whom
the management of the Department is committed,
while the Secretary himself sometimes, not being
familiar with the business, trusts it to his subor-
dinates. I hope we shall have a refoim in this
respect.
As far as concerns the present Administration,
it has not, as yet, had an opportunity of showing
its hand upon our foreign policy. It has been oc-
cupied with certain domestic questions; but, I
think, from the antecedents of the President and
the Secretary of State, we have a right to expect
a more determined policy. I read last session an
extract from Mr. Buchanan's Ostend manifesto.
The language is so good that I desire to repeat it
again. On the 18th of October he says:
" Under such circumstances, we ought neither to count
the cost nor regaid the odds which rspain might enlist against
us. We foi beai to enter into the question, whether the ptes-
ent condition of the i-land would justify such a measure?
\Ve should, however, be iccreant to our duty, be unworthy
of our gallant fureiatht'is, and commit ba-se tieason agam.-t
our posterity, should we permit Cuba lo he Africanized, and
become a second St. Domingo, wsih all its attendant honoid
to the white race, and sulfei the flames to extend to our own
neighboring shores, seriously to endanger, or actually to con-
sume, the fair fabric of our Union."
These are bold and striking words.
What are the views of our Secretary of State—
the learned, accomplished veteran, Cass? Gen-
tlemen will remember that in 1848, when he was
before the country as the Democratic candidate for
the Presidency, he took ground in favor of the oc-
cupation of Yucatan by the United States troops;
and only two years ago, in a letter to New Y ork,
he uses this language:
" I am free to confess that the heroic effort of our coun-
trymen in Nicaragua excites my admiration, while it en-
gases ail my solicitude. I am not to be deterred fiom the
oxpre^mn of rhe>e feelings by sneeis, or icptoaches, or
haid wonls. He who does not sympathize with such an
entei prise has little in common with me.
"The difficulties which Geneial Walker ha? encoun-
tered and overcome will place his name high on the roll of
the distinguished men of his age. He has conciliated the
people he went to aid; the government of which he m.ikos
part is peifoiaung tu functions without opposition, and in-
ternal tiauquilhty marks the wisdom of its policy. That
magnificent region, foi which God has done ;?o much and
man so little, needed ?ome lcnovatms process, some trans-
lation by which new lite may be imparted to it. Oar eoun-
tiymen will plant there the seeds of our institutions, and
God giant that they may grow up into an abundant harvest
of industry, enterprise, and pro-penty ! A new day, I hope,
is opening upon, the States ot Central Anieuca. If we are
true to out duty, they will soon be fteed tiom alh danger of
Euiopean mteneiencc, and will have a security m then-
own power against the ambitious designs of Lngland lar
better than Clayton-Bulwer treaties or any other diplomatic
machinery by which a spirit of aggression is sought to be
concealed till circumstances are ready lor active opera-
tion.''
Such are the views of General Cass. Now, sir,
' I propose to this House simply to respond to the
views of the President's message, by indorsing
them, condemning this Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
and leaving him to take the necessary steps to rid
us of it. I have no fear of any war arising out 01
the subject. Great Britain has vast pecuniary
and commercial interests involved in her relations
with the United States, and it also would be very
difficult for her to defend Canada and her other
possessions against us. She is not rashly going
to war with us. At this very time she is engaged
in a Chinese war, and an East Indian war, and is,
in addition to that, threatened with European dif-
j Acuities. She, therefore, has no motive to seek
| war with us. "The present English Cabinet is be-
[ heved to be favorable to a liberal settlement of this
1 question. Let us go forward and get it settled
' now. It is not, at this time, of much practical
importance, and, therefore, it may be the more
readily adjusted. If it is not done, in the future,
when a practical question shall arise in relation to
it, it may involve us in war.
Mr. BLISS. I have listened with a great deal
of attention, but do not understand what the ob-
! ject of this movement is. Do I understand the
gentleman as advocating a policy leading to the
seizure of Cuba and Central America?
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, sir.
Mr. BLISS. What, then, is the idea ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is to abrogate this
treaty.
Mr. BLISS. But all the gentleman's argument
is directed to explaining our standing and position
in respect to Cuba and Central America; and, as
I understand it, no sooner is the Kansas question
disposed of, than this Cuba and Central America
question is raised, for the extension of slavery.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot answer for the
I gentleman's understanding. This may not be a
! matter of very great practical importance now;
j but it is my judgment that, ten, twenty, or fifty
years hence, it may be our policy to acquire those
I territories, and I desire to remove obstructions
, now.
j As I said before, suppose, when Great Britain
1 protested against the annexation of Texas, a
: treaty had been enforced binding ns not to acquire
| it; its annexation would, in that event, have led
i to war. The infraction of a positive agreement
I with her, in addition to an act to which she was
hostile, must necessarily have led to war. We
had no obligations in the way, and no rupture re-
sulted. I desire to remove all offensive alliances
! which shall stand in our way hereafter,
j Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to ask the gentle-
I man whether he is to be understood as advocating
I the annexation of Cuba, or whether he discards
that idea ?
[ Mr. CLTNGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
; man with pleasure, though I do not desire toem-
\ bark in the discussion of that subject. I will say
i that I should be very glad to see Cuba annexed
to this country. I would have been glad to get
it upon fair and honorable terms four years ago,
and I think the country ought to have taken it
; upon the happening of the Black Warrior affair.
I The Clayton-Bulwer treaty does not touch Cuba.
We could get Cuba without abrogating this treaty.
I care nothing in the world about it so far as Cuba
is concerned. I should like to see Cuba a part
' of this Union. Its annexation would also stop
the African slave trade and this more objection-
able traffic in Chinese and East Indians who are
carried there and destroyed. Would not the gen-
tleman like to see an annexation of Cuba by
winch the slave trade and the Coolie trade would
be stopped ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not rise to embarrass
| my friend. I would ask him this question: is he
I in favor of the acquisition of Cuba now?
: Mr. OLINGMAN. If the gentleman will point
1 me to any honorable mode by which we can get
Cuba, 1 will give that mode my support this very
' moment. If the Executive can make a treaty
with Spain for Cuba, I would favor that project,
provided the equivalent were not unreasonable.
Some time ago I offered a resolution calling for
information on Spanish affairs, but I understand
, that it is inexpedient to furnish that information
I up to this time. If our difficulties with Spam are
1 not settled, 1 am willing, in the ultimate stage, to
go to war with her, and then, if we can conquer
Cuba, I will not complain of that result.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understand the gentleman
to refer to the Ostend circular.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman approve
of the terms of that document?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That will answer my pur-
pose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think I go quite as far as
Old Buck does in this line. I have, Mr. Speaker,
nearly used up the time which, by the courtesy
of the House, has been given to me, and I must
bring my remarks to a conclusion. All I desire
is for the House fairly to indorse the position as-
sumed by the President.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Let me ask my
friend to explain one point. His resolution-speaks
of abrogating the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. Does
he contemplate that the President, by his own
authority, shall do that, or that negotiations shall
go on to that effect?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The President has said,
in his message, that it ought to have been abro-
gated long ago by consent of both parties. I have
good reason to believe—I wish I could state all
the reasons for my belief—that the British Cab-
inet are tired of the negotiations which have been
going on for eight years upon this subject, and
that they are now ready to adjust the question
on honorable terms; and I have no doubt that
the Executive, by proper effort, will be enabled
to do it at this time. I do not know that it could
be done twelve months hence, or at a later day.
| But, by its abrogation, every gentleman will sec
that we will get rid of the shackles that now clog
us, and be left, as free from entangling alliances
with European Powers as we had been from the,
days of General Washington down to the ratifica-
tion of this treaty.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does roy friend mean to
intimate that Great Britain is willing to give up
Roatan ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer with pleas-
ure. Great Britain, by the Dallas treaty,agreed
to give up Roatan to Honduras, provided there
was a guarantee that slavery should never go there.
The United States would make no such guarantee,
and that treaty was rejected. I have no doubt,
however, that Great Britain will, in view of her
treaty with Honduras, agree to abandon her claims
111 that quarter, and also withdraw, on reasonable
terms, her Mosquito protectorate. The feeling
of the American people is against this Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. Its current is setting so strong ill
that direction that 110 one can expect to change it.
Let the Government, then, do its duty, and we
are again free, and the path of destiny is open
before us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RITCHIE obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. CLINGMAN, who said: With the per-
mission of my friend from Pennsylvania, I will
suggest that he move, or allow me to move, that
this matter be recommitted in order that it may
be kept before the House.
Mr. RITCHIE. My understanding of this
question was, that it was to come up as the reg-
ular business in order at one o'clock to-day.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House wag
revoked by unanimous consent.
Mr. RITCHIE. Will tins question come up
to-morrow if I submit a motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I submit that motion.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message %vas received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles, m which he had been directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 218) amendatory of an act enti-
tled " Ail act to provide for executing the public
printing, and establishing the price therefor, and
for other purposes, approved August 26, 1855!;"
and
An act (S. No. 300) for the relief of the Hun-
1 garian settlers on certain tracts of land in Iowa
hitherto reserved from sale by order of the Pres-
ident, dated January 22, 1853.
| PRINTING BILL,
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the consent
of the House, I will move that that printing bill
I which has just come from the Senate be referred
I to the special committee on the subject of print-
| mg; and that it be ordered to be printed for the use
, of the House.
j Mr. NICHOLS. I move that that bill be ro-
| ferred to the regular standing Committee oil Print-
' n]g.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. _ I only ask that the
; question shall be taken on printing the bill, in or-
j (I(-■ r that members may have it before them,
i it was so ordered.
