892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
find a small party there—not belonging to the re-
spectable poriron of the Frec-Soilers or of the
Abolitionists—headed by Lane, with his maraud-
ers, his murderers, and his house-burners. They
do not number more than eight hundred. Take
them out of the way, and the whole people of
Kansas are in favor of the admission of the State
under the Lecompton constitution.
I know it has been said here that a great fraud
is about to be committed on the people of Kan-
sas. I am not astonished at the course of the
Republican party. They have determined that
no State shall ever be admitted into the Union,
the constitution of which tolerates slavery. Such
is the character of the speeches here. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Tompktn"s,] and divers
other gentlemen who have spoken upon this sub-
ject, have declared most unequivocally that no
State shall ever be admitted into the Union by
their votes that tolerates the institution of slavery.
I therefore say that I am not surprised at the
course of the Republican party. They act on a
principle of their creed. It is on that they live.
And yet their course is founded on a revolution-
ary principle, under which no government can
last. Iam notastonished at them, for they never
professed anything else. They have always op-
erated on the prejudices of the people. They
hold their seals here by such means. But I am
astonished at another class of members of this
House, who have heretofore acted with the Dem-
ocratic party. In looking at this question, and
considering the effect of its result on either the
North or South, I am almost led to exclaim—
" What shadows we are ! What shadows we pursue !"
I hold that the admission or rejection of Kan-
sas can be of no benefit either to the North or to
the South. It is a principle.that lies at the bot-
tom of this question; and, if Kansas be rejected,
it will be a triumph of that revolutionaay spirit
which originated all the difficulties in Kansas,
which has maintained them, and which will keep
the State out of the Union. It will show to the
country that that revolutionary spirit is strong
enough to oppress one section of the Union.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I regret exceedingly that
the nemociatic paity of the North should bo di-
vided on this question of the admission of Kan-
sas. I had hoped to see the termination of the
excitement and agitation on this slavery question.
I know, you know, every considerate man knows,
that the only way peace can be attained is by con-
cluding the Kansas question. The only way to
conclude that question is to admit Kansas into
the Union as a State, and then let her people set-
tle their own difficulties m their own way. I
care not whether she be a slave or a free State.
I care not whether her Lfgislatuie is pro-slavery
or free-soil. I want the question settled, because
it is undermining the Union of these States.
Mr. FOSTER. May I ask the gentleman a
question ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. POSTER. The gentleman says that the
only way to settle the question is by the admis-
sion of Kansas, and allowing her people to settle
it themselves. The question I put is, whether,
in that case, the gentleman is prepared to have
the United States Army withdrawn ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; I an-
swer that question. 1 have stated my position on
that subject here ofore. I say, admit Kansas as
a State; withdiaw the Army of the United States;
and then, if there are any outlaws there who have
gone there on account of excitement, let them cut
their own throats in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States and of
the State of Kansas. [Laughter.] Now, sir, small
considerations sometimes lead to important re-
sults. Here we are, talking about a question in
which, I confess, there is?but little except that
which looks to the protection of the rights of a
great section of the Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wibh to propound an in-
terrogatory to the gentleman in the way of com-
promise. Will the gentleman and his party, in
case Kansas is admitted into the Union, vote for
a law requiring the President to withdraw the mil-
itary force from Kansas ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. For one, I will say that
I wish the army had been taken from there long
ago. I would have voted two years ago for their
withdrawal.
Mr. SHORTER. And so would I.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would vote for
suchalaw. I informed the President that I \vould
recommend the withdrawal of thearmyfrom Kan-
sas. More than that, I can tell the gentleman that
the President, in his message, stated to Congress
that the admission of thatTcrritory would enable
him to withdraw the army, and to send it to Utah.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am aware of that. The
gentleman will understand me as pu^mg the ques-
tion to him in good faith. I will introduce a bill
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, directing the
withdrawal of the United States Army from Kan-
sas.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will put a ques-
tion to the gentleman. If I vote to withdraw the
troops, will he vote for the admission of Kansas?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Under the Lecompton con-
trivance, never!
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I regret, sir, to
see this division in the Democratic party in the
northern States, because I see no necessity for
it. If you admit Kansas, this question must be
settled. The people of Kansas are ready, as I am
prepared to show, to settle it upon just and hon-
orable terms, satisfactory to themselves and to the
whole people of the country. I regret to see these
gentlemen from the North, with whom I have
heretofore been proud to act, differing from the
Democratic party. I do not speak of them now
because they are northern men. I find some here
from the South who are opposed to the admission
of Kansas. I am gratified that there is no Dem-
ocrat from the South with them. If the Lecomp-
ton constitution were irregular in its formation,
yet, as it is republican in its character, such is the
importance of the settlement of the question, that
I hope every man who belongs to the Democratic
party will rise above petty considerations, admit
her as a State, and thus preserve the integrity of
the Democratic party. It is the only means of
preserving the Union. I see no means of preserv-
ing the Union except through the agency of the
Democratic party. F say it not as a partisan. Call
me a party man, or what you please; but I say
that that party has alone the-power to resist that
revolutionary spirit which would trample down
the laws of the United States, and paiticularly
the law passed in 18.34, providing for the organ-
izationof the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska.
1 do not charge this upon the people of the
North, for the people of the North are as patri-
otic as the people of the South, taking the masses
of them, and giving them a correct understand-
ing of the questions before the country. What
can it bo but a revolutionary spirit which attempts
to destroy the effect of a law3 The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Tompki.ys] says that, since the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, he is determ-
ined never to vote for the admission of any State,
the constitution of winch tolerates slavery. He is
determined in his mind that the law repealing the
Missouri lestrietion shall have no effect. Such
was the substanceof declarations made here;and
it was in such mood that the eastern societies
were organized, which sent these men to Kansas
with Sharpe's rifles and Colt's revolvers to shape
the institutions of the Territory. Such a spirit
as that must be put down Such a spirit must
not rule, or this Union cannot exist.
I said that there was no cause for a division of
the Democratic party in the North on this ques-
tion. If those who have chosen to differ from the
great body of the paity upon this question will
look to the past history of the country, if they
will look to the records which they have made
in this House, they will find that every objection
made to the admission of Kansas has been previ-
ously answered by themselves. The principal
ground of objection here is, that there has been
fraud in the elections m the Territory. Not only
so: they say that the people have not"participated
in these elections. I ask gentlemen to calmly re-
view their statements. The reason why these
people ha\ e not engaged in the elections m Kan-
sas is because of their wanton, willful, and revo-
lutionary spirit, which prevented them fiom par-
ticipating m any election held under any law of
Congress, or of the Territorial Legislature. They
openly defied the laws of the country. They
openly rebelled against the law organizing their
territorial government.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,]
who introduced the resolutions referring the Pres-
ident's message to a special committee of fifteen,
remarked truly, that we were now entering upon
a duty which, no matter how discharged,'might
inaugurate a train of circumstances of more serious
consequence to the country than any that had ever
before occurred. I will ask the gentleman, when
we have seen all this to be the result of non-action
on the part of the free-State men in Kansas, if he
is ready to allow them to take advantage of their
own wrong, and to keep this country excited on
this question for the next four years, or at least
until after the next presidential election?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Does the gentleman
want an answer?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. After a while,
when I have read some authorities on the subject,
to show how these difficulties originated. I al-
ways listen to the gentleman with pleasure. When
he investigates a subject, free from prejudice or
any influence which could bias his judgment, he
goes into the facts with an earnestness which
carries conviction with it. I find that the gentle-
man, on the 13th of March, 1856, in discussing the
question of the origin of the difficulties in Kan-
sas, stated that they were easily traceable to their
proper sources He said:
" The ongm of this difficulty can be very easily traced,
and us hi-toiyundeistood. When the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was parsed by the last Congress, it wad at once proclaimed
bv (hose who had been most bitteily opposed to its parage,
including many of the three thousand clergvmen, that, a*
tln-v hud been ui^ucces^ful in thru efforts in Congiess, they
would transfer the battle ground to Kan-a^. The Black
Republican press of the North, and the Black Republican
preaclier<, with that leverend nfleman— Henry Ward
ncochcr—at their head, have declared from their pulpits
that they will carry freedom into Kansas by means of re-
volvers and Sharped rifles, and that these implements of
d^ath aie more effective agents for that purpose than the
Bible and the sword of the Spirit."
He also states that the cause of these difficul-
ties was, that the North had sent, by these Abo-
lition societies, men Kansas to shape and form
their institutions with Sharpens rifles; that they
had incorporated large companies with a large
amount of capital for that purpose; and that what-
ever the people of Missouri had done, they had
done in self-defense. And not only that, but after
that committee had gone to Kansas, after they
had reported, and after that question had been
discussed, the gentleman from Illinois again took
up the subject and discussed Kansas affairs in
general. He said:
The ink was not dry upon the signature of the bill, be-
fore the >lavery agitationi>ts commenced plotting to prevent
aquietand peaceful settlement of Kansas. Combinations of
capital were formed, under the auspices of the Abolition-
ists, to cairy bodies of settlers of their own stripe into that
Teintoiy. They passed on through the State of Mi-souri,
and theie made then threats and boasts that they intended,
afinr shaping affair* in the Territory, to run off the slavesm •
that State. Tne people of Mistoun, living upon the imme-
diate border of Kansas, attracted to its soil tiom their avo-
cations, also pressed into tiie Territory. Sull no difficulties
oecutred; and even the coiiefpoiidents of then papers
lauded the kindness of the Mi^ounans. [See Evening
Po-t, June 15, 1854 ] Tins would not do; strife is the sub-
sistence ot this kind or fanaticism, and strife must be en-
gendered A change of tactics bccame necessary. The New
Yoik Ti ibune, the Po^t, and Times, and all the leading pa-
pers of that tort, began to thtearcn and boast what their
fi«e State organisation would do with the Mis^ounans and
the pro-Nlaveiy men. On tne 1st of August, 1854, the I'ost
declaied that • slavery will be overlaid and smothered by fi oe-
dom, if the plans already formfd be half executed.'
Now, lent Ik: borne in mind that no ouibieak had oc-
curred: eveiytlung was going on smoothly; the Teintory
was filling up, and all were willing to leave future legisla-
tion to a fair exptession of the popular will, liut here came
the announcement of plans and plots 'aheadv fbimed,'
which, if but' halt executed,' were to overlay arid smother
out Maverv; not by a fair expression of the people, but' by
plan-? already formed.' Oil the 3d of August, the same piirit
had an atticle headed, ' When and where thefirU blood uill
he shed!9 showing that there was a determination then to
have bloodshed in Kansas, and making a prediction with the
=ole view to accomplish that result. Then beg.in the aim-
ing of emigiants— the organization of secret and sworn
lodges—all under the general management of Robinson,
who, it is stated in the Tribune ot November 3 , 1854,' was
a Garrison Abolitionist.' Now, I put it to anv candid man
to say, if witti these movements, so begun and so heralded,
the people of Missouu would not, nay, ought not, to have
become deeply interested, if not excited, in the movements
of these eiu^ader*? They commenced a counter emigiant
movement, and being near the spot, (hey sent in the iarge-t
number, and the plans were not£ half executed.' Then the
cry beg.in of outiagcs, border ruffian*, arsons, robbcues,
iniiidels—all charged upon the pro-slavery men, or the
Mfssounans, while their own people were perfectly honest,
piouc, and harmless. No unprejudiced mind believes tliehO
statement*; and whatever has subsequently occmred. or
whoever may be to blame, the beginning and causc of it all
15 doily traceable to the cmigiant aid societies of Ma-?a-
chu^etts and New York, and to the Abolition organs who
were acting with tliem, to promote disorder and outrage,
and then turn it to political effect. This was the origin of
