1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
BLYTHE ISLAND NAVY DEPOT.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask to have entered upon
the Journal, a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Blythe Island Navy depot bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan Henry,
hia Private Secretary, informing the House that
he did, on this day, approve and sign bills of the
following titles:
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending: June 30,
1859; and
An act for the relief of Captain James Mac Mc-
intosh, of the United States Navy.
ADMISSION OP MINNESOTA.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in or-
der to be on the bill of the Senate (No. 86) for the
admission of Minnesota into the Union, upon
which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, it
is not my design to make any extended argument
upon the question before the House. I "merely
wish to assign very briefly the reasons why I
cannot vote for the admission of Minnesota. Rea-
sons were assigned yesterday, many of which I
think ought to be decisive. The argument of my
friend from Virginia, from the Accomac district,
[Mi-.Garnett,] woulddecidemyjudgment. The
reason that I, however, more especially rest my
opposition to it upon, is one which was not urged
yesterday at all. It was referred to in passingfby
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who, ho w-
ever, did not go to the extent to which I think he
mighthave gone,and perhaps ought to have gone.
I allude to the suffrage clause of the constitution
—to that portion of ltwhich isasfollows: "White
persons of foreign birth who shall have declared
their intention to become citizens conformably to
the laws of the United States upon the subject of
naturalization;" who, of course, have not actu-
ally become citizens of the United States.
The only question that I desire to present to
the House is, whether the State of Minnesota
has a right, under the constitution of the United
States, to confer the privilege of suffrage on that
class of persons. If she have that righfunder the
constitution, then, whether wise or unwise, it is
none of my business. If she have not the right to
confer it upon this class of persons, then, in do-
ing so, she is directly affecting my rights under
the Constitution of the United States; and that
Constitution, in referring the question of the ad-
mission of a State to this House, requires me in
voting to express an opinion upon it.
That the right of suffrage, under the constitu-
tion of a State, does directly affect all the States
of the Union, is apparent, with very little expla-
nation. The qualification for electors of Repie-
sentatives m this Hall is made the same with the
qualification of voters for the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature. When, there-
fore, she defines the qualification of voters for her
Legislature, she defines likewise the. persons who
shall elect her Representatives, who, here in the
Congress of the United States, pass laws which
are to govern Maryland. These same electors
elect the Legislature of the State which elects the
Senators of the United States, who participate in
the treaty-making power, and the power of ap-
proving of his appointments, as well as in matteis
of legislation. Therefore it is that fot the State of
JVIinnesotatoconferupon unnaturalized foreigners
the power to vote for the most numerous branch
of her State Legislature, is to confer upon them,
not merely power to govern the State of Minne-
sota, or to misgovern it, but it confers on them
power to govern me and my constituents. It gives
the unnaturalized foreigner, who may be an alien
enemy at the moment of casting the vote, power
to determine questions of peace and war; power
to determine questions relating to treaties with
foreign Powers; power to determine every ques-
tion that maybe referred to this House or to the
Senate for their determination. If she have the
right, under the Constitution, to govern my con-
stituents by alien votes, then, whether it be wise or
unwise; whether it be neighborly or not; whether
it be treating the other States of the Confederacy
rightly or wrongly, is a subject upon which my
mouth is sealed. If she have not the right, then
it is my bounden duty here to express my opinion
upon it, and to give that opinion the sanction of a
vote; and it is that which 1 am prepared here this
day to do.
Mr. Speaker, when the question of submitting
the constitution ofMichigan on the point of bound-
aries to the people was pending, Mr. Calhoun
made an argument on this question; and he there
expressed the opinion that no State had the right
to confer on unnaturalized foreigners a right to
vote. He deduced that from his idea that the right
to vote is an incident connected with the right of
citizenship, not that all citizens were entitled to
vote, but that none but citizens could be entitled
to vote. His argument was in the nature of a
reductio ad absunhim. He argued it at length. He
did not trace it up to that clause of the Constitu-
tion which to my judgment is decisive upon the
point, but his arguments showing the difficulties
that were involved in an opposite hypothesis were,
m the absence of any other clause of the Consti-
tution than that touching naturalization, enough
to show that it could not be a constitutional right.
I shall not presume to weaken that argument by
attempting to repeat it. I merely mean to add a
reference to a clause of the Constitution of the
United States which, in my judgment, is decisive.
The first words of the Constitution are familiar
to everybody: "W a the people of the United States,
in order to form a more perfect Union, "&c.," or-
dain the following Constitution." In point of law,
I supposed there had been no doubtas to the mean-
ing of the words " people of the United States,"
so far as this question is concerned. It is plain
that at that day the word people was regarded as
meaning any one, the political people of the Uni-
ted States. It did not refer to foreigners residing
in our midst. It did not refer to mere transitory
residents any more than it referred to slaves in the
southern States. It referred to persons who had
a voice in determining that constitution, who con-
stituted the body-politic as contradistinguished
from the inhabitants of the United States. And
that such was the opinion prevailing at that day
is apparent by that other clause which provides
the rule of direct taxation, which is to be determ-
ined by the numbers of persons.
Lot us read the words defining the body of
people who are to elect this House: "The House
of Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year." Chosen by whom ?
Not by the inhabitants of the various States, hut
chosei*by the people of the several States. The
only question, then, is, what does the word
"people," in that connection, mean? Does it
mean all persons incidentally within the limits of
the State? Does it mean merely the residents of
the States ? If it mean that, then it will go to the
extent of allowing a slave to be one of the people
of a State for the purpose of voting; and that is
the reductio ad absurdum of the objection. It would
go not merely to the extent of allowing the unnat-
uralized foreigner who had declared his intention
of becoming a citizen, but it would allow any per-
son, merely there fora day, to be one of the people
of the State. New York could import her voters
from Canada in the morning and carry them back
in the evening. I submit that the word "people"
there must have the same meaning which it has
above in the phrase "people of the United States,"
as used in the first clause of the preamble of the
Constitution of the United States. It refers, un-
questionably, to the body-politic. And under these
words every person is excluded who is not, in the
moaning of that clause, a member of the body-
politic.
What is the meaning of the words, "people of
the United States ?" I suppose that it includes
only persons who are citizens of the United States.
I think that there will be no controversy in this
House that that is the only legal meaning of the
words. That opinion has been expressed in lan- j
guage as explicit as any I can use, and greatly !
more authoritatively, by the Chief Justice of the j
United States. That clause has been construed ;
as definitely as any clause has ever been construed. I
And without prolonging the argument upon this
point, I will merely read the language of the Chief
Justice. I may be permitted to say that 1 do not
regard the decision of the Supreme Court as bind-
ing upon this House on any political question.
This House is undoubtedly the ultimate tribunal
upon such questions. Our judgment is subject
to no review by any tribunal. Yet, sir, this has
been made, to some extent, a judicial question,
and one which has passed under review by the
highest judicial tribunal of the United States: and
I will accord to that tribunal very great weight m
guiding my own judgment; and it is in that view
1 shall close what I have said on this subject by
reading the words of the Chief Justice to which I
have referred :
" The words,' people of the United States' and < citizens.'
are synonymous terms, and mean the same thing. Th<-y
both describe the political body, who, according to our re -
pubiicun institutions, form tile sovereignty, and who hold
the power and conduct the yoveinment through their rep-
re&entrttivep. They aie what we faimhaily call 'the sov-
ereign people,'and every citizen is one of this people and
a constituent member ot this soveieiguty."
Now, I suppose it will be conceded by gentle-
men on all sides of the House, that if the consti-
tution had provided that the qualification of doct-
ors for Representatives in this House shall be that
they shall be citizens of the United States, that
clause in the constitution of Minnesota would not
be in strict conformity with the Constitution of
the United States. But that not having been done
in words, the question arises whether they are not
as much restricted by the Constitution as if it had
said, in so many words, " citizens of the United
States," instead of'people of the United States,"
or " people of the several States?" v
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Maryland understands the opin-
ion of the Chief Justice to be that a State cannot
permit unnaturalized foreigners to vote for mem-
bers of Contort ss and State Legislature ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, if
my honorable friend from Virginia will permit
me, I must object to be drawn from the point I am
discussing. 1 think that the point he has raised
is not involved in anything I have said, and does
not touch exactly the point I am urging.
Mr. JENKINS. My friend will allow me to
say one sentence; and that is, that the opinions
of the Supreme Court have been given directly in
the opposite direction.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Neither the Su-
preme Court of the United States nor the Chief
Justice has decided any such question; but I must
decline very respectfully to argue the question at
this time. I quoted that decision merely for the
meaning which the Chief Justice, in accoidance
with the opinion which I have long entertained
myself, assigned to the words, " people of the
United States," and the " people of the several
States," in the clause to which I have referred.
Thus that clause in relation to electors would
leave the power m the State, if it is understood in
that way: that the State has the right to prescribe
the qualifications of electors to the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature exactly as it pre-
scribes the qualifications of all electors under the
State constitution; but that that right can only be
in conformity with any limitation which the Con-
stitution of the United States may have imposed
upon the States. It only involves the ordinary idea
that so far as the Constitution of the United States
does undertake to determine anything, it is con-
clusive over the State as well as over the individ-
ual. And the only question open here is whether
this is the meaning of the clause of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That, sir, is a question
which directly pertains to us here.
Mr. JENKINS. 1 ask the gentleman simply
to let me read two paragraphs from that decision,
and let them be printed in his speech.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will pardon me if I decline at present to have the
Dred Scott decision, and its general correctncsa
or incorrectncss, made a partof this controversy.
It has nothing to do with it. I merely refer to
the construction of those words by a great judi-
cial mind, to show how it regarded these words.
There I rest.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this question is one which
addressesitself directly to us. We are authoii/ed
by the Constitution of the United States to jud^e
of theelection and qualifications of our own mem-
bers. Congress is authorized to regulate the time,
