1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
893
all the trouble in Kansas; and it has no just or legitimate
connection with any particular feature of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill."
But he went farther in that speech of the 9th of
August, 1856, and, in speaking of the Abolition-
ists, said:
  Hut they notonly went there/or the purpose of control-
ling the logi dauon of the Territory, but they have organized :
foie^-j, and marched into the Teiriioiy lor the exclusive
paipo-e ot shaping the institutions. Tins is proof sulficicnt I
th it ali these difficulties have arisen from the actions oftiioxe !
who act with my colleague in tiie settlement ot that Tern-
tiny."
That, sir, was the position which the gentle-
man occupied; and now he comes here in this
Congress and votes against his party, for reasons
no doubt satisfactory to himself. I do not charge
him with voting against the admission of Kansas
on the ground that its constitution tolerates sla- j
very; and indeed I think it will be hard for those j
northern Democrats who have heretofore acted ;
with us, to find a reason for voting as they have i
done, unless it is—and I do not charge it—that j
they desire to follow the lead of the distinguished ■
Senator from Illinois. Rutaftertakmgthisground; ;
after showing the plots and plans of the Abolition- j
ists,and having shown that they had set the day
upon which the first blood should be shed; after
tracing the schemes of this revolutionary party,
■which started in the House of Representatives,
and doing it with that effect with which he can
always do anything he undertakes; we now find
him coming here, and taking a position which I
contend allows this same people, who had formed
their unlawful combinations, who had arranged
their plots and plans, and fixed the day on which
the first blood was to be shed, to take advantage
of their own wrong, and thus to keep this ques-
tion open until after the presidential election of
1860. • *
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
quotes some remarks I had the honor to make last
Congress in reference to the afiaus of Kansas. By
every word and every sentiment I then uttered, I
now abide. I have nothing to add to, or to take
from them. The convictions of my mind when
I made those remaiks remain as they were then;
but it is not for the gentleman to put an inference
upon those remaiks tending to show that I have
changed my position, and have now become ade-
fender of those whom I then assailed. The con-
dition and position of parties have changed; and
I stand now as I stood then, defending a portion
of the people from all assaults from those who
have no right to assail them. I said that they
were not allowed to manage their own affairs, as
they ought to be. 1 contend now, as then, for
the "rights of a majority of the people of Kansas.
Then" I maintained that legitimate emigration to
Kansas would have given a certain direction to \
public opinion; that that opinion had heon^over- !
thrown by organizations at the North. Idelended
the people of Kansas from the effect ot what I
considered to be a forced organization, gotten up
to the prejudieeof the bestinterests ofthe country, i
Now the condition of things is reversed; and 1 !
stand now, as then, advocating the rights of the j
people of Kansas.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Be short.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have no disposi-
tion, as the gentleman is asking for his time, to
go into a discussion of this matter now, hut I trust
f shall have an opportunity to do so hereafter,
fully.
The gentleman undertakes to intimate that I am
following the lead of somebody else, in the posi-
tions I occupy. I follow no man's lead. 1 can
state here that I came to this City without having
had a word of consultation with any one of niy i
colleagues, either in this body or in the otner, ;
either verbally or in wiitmg. I had no more ^
knowledge of their position upon tins question i
than 1 had of yours. We came here representing ;
the sentiments of our people, and found ourselves |
alike in sentiment. I could take no otner position. ^
But the gentleman is urging me for his time, and \
I will say no more here, but will take some fuiuie ]
occasion to olace myself right in this matter. i
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will now pro- j
ceed to show and to prove that the people of Kan- ,
sas. of all parties, desire to be admitted into the j
Union under the-Lecompton constitution. After ,
all we have heard here in those papers which j
have correspondents in Kansas from the northern i
States, after all the shrieks of those shriekers, as
they are called, in reference to this question of
slavery—and if there is any man in tins House
who can speak upon that subject disinterestedly,
I can—what, I ask, is the condition of Kansas?
They want peace and quiet, and rhcy want to be
admitted into the Union, because they know it
would destroy the only element upon which Ab-
olitionists there can feed; because they know that
this is the only vav by which they can be per-
mitted to pursue, in peace and quiet, the common
avocations of life. They Imve wives and children
to provide for and protect, and a large number of
them, as I can show, are in favor of the settle-
ment of this question; while gentlemen here are
opposed to it, because, they say, the constitution
is an outrageous fraud upon the people of Kansas. 1
Fraud, where? Nowhere. The Abolitionists did |
not vote, because they would not vote; notwith- j
standing they had a fair opportunity to do so, as !
the record shows. j
I suppose it will be admitted that the pro-slavery ;
party m Kansas is anxious to have the State ad- j
muted under the Lecompton constitution. I hold
in my hand the Herald of Freedom, a Republican
paper published in Kansas. [A Voice. It has
just been bought up.] Gentlemen say it has just
been bought up by patronage. Well, the article
I shall read is found in tnat paper before it could
have been bought up. Hear what that paper says,
speaking of the New York Tribune and all those
northern papers which have correspondents in
Kansas:
" The whole tendency of ikete croaking papers, fmn first,
to last, has been to make K">itas ulint thobc joui ti'iU have
professed a deUrcto avoid. Qui only hop° at living Kansas
to heedom lay through emijiiatum. Their croakuut-, m
stead of eneouiaeing emigration. a> ha<* been om policy by
pu'.-entmy a gilded lutuie, such a^ we have full conndence
to expect, has only dweomaged it by thousands." * *
And we/.now that U any attempt is mad;- to prevent the
people horn juliug in this matter, they will not he toiled ;
but, by peaceful i enn-f thiough ie«al /jrm?, and without
the shedding of a d'op of blood, they wiii take pos^e^ion
of the government, and iivncthaielv pioceed to institute
meaMires for f-upniaiHuisj it w ith another.''
This does not look as if it had been bought up.
That, sir, is one item from the Kansas papers.
I ask the gentleman, now, if the Leavenworth
Ledger has been bought up?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
asks me, I tell him that I know nothing: about
what papers have been bought up. They are
bei-g bought up so fast that [ can hardly keep
the run of them. But if the Legislature of Kansas
represents the public opinion ofthe Territory, the
gentleman is entirely at fault in his position.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I have here the
Ledger, the leading Free-Soil paper in the Terri-
tory, and that, too,"of the 15th instant, and it con-
firms the information I have received from all the !
respectable men I have seen from the Temtoiy of j
Kansas, and those who are not respectable are not ,
to be believed on any occasion. I read now from j
the Ledger: j
u Let the Lecompton eonctitution pa^.and ktthe repie- |
sentatives elected lie called together and elect die t\s o Lin- \
: ted States Senator;, and the a on>j is all ovcij
I iead these extracts to show the wrong impres- j
sion which has been produced by members here, ;
who desire to keep Kansas out of the Union, even j
though the Union fills. The article goes on: .
" Tiuc. there may be a taction [letoiiins to Jnn Lane's ,
party] in the free-State party, who will not be ^'scee-Mul, !
and nifty ernieavot to Keep up tin-' inleioa! ni^ei .imitation, ■
fiom the fact that thev have been • n'W nd' iiom a pai tier- ;
pauon in the ' spoil* ;Mmt th it's noUiinu; tiie\ e;m he easily
cnoked off and made to hue the /last by the st* xs will :
of the people.'' >
Now, sir, the Territorial Legislature is Freo-
Soil, and there is a circumstance connected with
its action that this House ought to know. Not-
withstanding all the complaints whieh have been 1
made of the laws passed by the first Territorial Le-
gislature, the present Legislature have adjourned ;
without repealing those laws when they had the
power to do so. They passed an act to lepeal
them, and the next day reconsidered it, and ad- |
journed sine die without passing it, thus leaving ;
in force the laws of the originalTeri itonal Legis- j
lature. But, sir, this paper goes on to say: ;
•• Demagogue:-- ami •' fanatic-*" of both pai tics me no longer i
in the hearts and affection* of the p<.-op}<\ and their - rant- j
l'lii-' and £ io; rtnriw'i avail nothing The people aie ,
?tck. tired, and d sgu^d with them, and will listen to their i
| madiies-, no in >• o. Wo want peneo, for that bung-' u-s aap- ,
| pines-, and pw _ i
| Here, sir, ate the people of Kansas hedging; j
j to be admitted into the Union, and to be relieved s
from the control of this revolutionary spirit, led,
on by the New York Tribune and by members ol
this House, and we refuse their application, not-
withstanding that we have a perfect knowledge
that, unless we admit them into the Union, the
slavery agitation must go on until, in all prob-
ability, it may affect the integrity of the Union
itself.
But, sir, a portion of the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas have been in a state of rebellion.
There is no question of that; and that rebellion
was promoted by that spirit which advised the
people of the Territory to repudiate the territorial
government. I have here the statements of Gov-
ernor Walker and Mr. Stanton, from the time
they entered the Territory up to the 26th of Sep-
tember last. Governor Walker states that the
Territory was in a state of open rebellion against
the laws of Congress and of the territorial gov-
ernment. Are you not to believe Mr. Walker?
If you do not believe Walker, cannot you believe
Stanton ? But it is said that these statements were
made before Walker and Stanton kgew what the
people of Kansas were doing. Now, sir, I have
here the speech made by Mr. Stanton, in the city
of New York, a few days ago, in which he says
that when he got to the Territory he found the
people m open rebellion; in which he says, also,
that the 'free-State party prevented the sheriffs
and other officers from taking the census and a
registration of voters; and in which he says that
they refused to obey any laws passed by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, but repudiated them all from
the beginning to the end. This was said in his
speech, made in the city of New York a few days
ago, in which he confirmed all the statements made
by Walker and by himself while in the Territory
of Kansas. Now,ifhe was notto be believed while
he was in the Territory, is he not to be believed
now that he is out of it ? I confess, sir, that I
have but little confidence in Mr. Frederick P.
Stanton. I remember that he was the member
who threw the first firebrand into the Democratic
party during the admmistiation of President
Pierce, in the caucus of the party, and repeated
it afterwards in the House of Representatives.
My Democracy can never be gauged by that of
Frederick P. Stanton, as is proven by the fact that
he has turned abolition lecturer, and has gone to
the northern States;, and I think he had better
stay there.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is one clause in the
Kansas constitution to which I wish to refer, but
I find that I must do it in a minute or two; it is in
reference to the change of the constitution. I do
not want to see any conditions put upon the bill
for the admission of Kansas. I want her to come
j in free and untrammeled. I hold that the people
; of Kansas have the right, under their constitution,
1 to amend, alter, or abolish it in any manner they
i may see proper, by a majority vote, up to 1864.
| The Topekaconvention, the House will recollect,
j asked for admission as a State; the Lecompton
j convention also asked for a State; and that set-
| ties the question that the people of Kansas want
! to be admitted as a State. The Topeka convun-
1 Hon provided, in their constitution, that no amend -
| nient should be made to that constitution until
] after 1865. The Lecompton constitution omits
! that prohibition, but provides that after 16C4,
; whenever the Legislature see proper to change the
j constitution, they may do it by a two third vote.
It is perfectly clear that whatever rights thepeo-
; f ie have not granted away they have reserved to
thorn; and therefore, until 1864, they have aright
to amend their constitution by a majority vote.
Tins rig litis inherent in the people, and they have
expiessly reserved it in the Lecompton constitu-
tion. Why, then, shall we annex any condition
or dcclaiation to the law admitting the State into
the Union. 'It would be a novelty in legislation,
and an unsafe precedent, as all who will vote for
tiie admission of Kansas will agree that Congress
has no power to control the future action of the
people or Legislature of any old or new State of
the Union.
I repeat, then, let Kansas be admitted into the
Union with her constitution as it is, with no con-
dition's, with no declarations, byCongiess. Her
people will then have th<> peace and quiet winch
they so much desire. The excitement which has
been so great a curse to her will cease, and pros-
perity and happiness v/Ul reign throughout her
borders.
