1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
place, and manner of electing the members of this
House. In judging;, therefore, of the election of
a member of this House, it is very possible the
question may arise. The question has not yet
directly arisen. It might have arisen in the ease
of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio. It is possible that
we may be called on to decide whether an unnat-
uralized voter under a State constitution is a legal
voter. Ohio does not allow unnaturalized foreign-
ers to vote; there are States which do allow it;
and the question may arise in that way. That
question, therefore, is one which may be brought
directly before us for our decision; and, if I am
correct in the construction which I have given to
the clause of the Constitution in question, when-
ever that question arises, and the balance shall be
turned, between two contesting members, by un-
naturalized votes being cast for one, we are bound
to decide whether the Constitution of the United
States is paramount to State constitutions; and
whether, if it be so paramount, the meaning of
that clause is the one I have assigned to it; be-
cause, if an unnaturalized voter be not one of the
people of the State within the meaning of the Con-
stitution of the United States, then, as the Con-
stitution of the United States says that Represent-
atives shall be elected by the people of the State,
the unnaturalized foreigner cannot cast his vote
as one of the people of the State; and the person
here claiming a seat by virtue of a majority made
up of such votes, cannot have his seat.
So far as I am concerned, I am free now to say
that, whenever that question shall be presented to
me as a judicial question, I am ready to vote upon
it irrespective of party considerations, and I shall
vote against the gentleman who here claims his
seat by the votes of unnaturalized foreigners.
You will perceive, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that
the purport of my argument is to show that while
the qualifications of electors for this House must
be the same with those for the lower branch of the
State Legislature; yet, since the people of the
State alone are to elect, that carries with it an in-
hibition on the State itself to make any one an
elector for the lower branch of the Legislature
who is not one of the political people of the State.
That is all I have to say on this question.
Mr. REAGAN. I did not expect,Mr. Speaker,
to enter into this debate with regaid to the con-
stitution of Minnesota, nor do I now propose to
say anything on the general subject.
The gentleman from Maryland has just con-
cluded an argument somewhat ingeniously ar-
ranged, by which we are to understand it is his
conviction that the Federal Government has the
right to declare who shall be electors in a State.
Although he does not assume the proposition
boldly, I understand that to be the effect ot his
argument, and it is against that I desire to enter
my protest. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] yesterday, 111 making the opening-
speech on this subject, asserted the same propo-
sition substantially.
In looking at the debates on the formation of
the Federal Constitution, I think it will be ascer-
tained that that question, as to who should regu-
late the right of suffrage, was one that gave the
convention very considerable trouble. It was de-
termined that, from the difficulties which would
attend an effort on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment to determine who shall be electors m the
several States, the fixing of the qualifications of
the electors should be left in the States respect-
' ively for their own control.
I concur with that gentleman, and with others
who have spoken on the subject, that if I were
discussing a bill to authorize the organization of
a territorial government, I would limit the right
of suffrage in the Territory to citizens of the Uni-
ted States. That far Congress has a right to go,
and that far a sense of expediency and right will
induce me to go.
But, sir, we are not now discussing what Con-
gress might do in determining the elective fran-
chise in a Territory for territorial purposes. We
are now discussing the provisions of the consti-
tution of Minnesota. It is true, Minnesota is not
yet a State; but it is also true, that in our action
upon this constitution we have to act upon it as if
it were a State. If, then, we undertake to say that
the provision of the constitution recognizing the
right of unnaturalized foreigners to vote is viola-
tive of the Constitution of the United States, we as-
sert the power of Congress to determine in whom
the elective franchise shall rest in the several
States. We can, with the same propriety, and
with the same justice, and upon the same princi-
ple, if that proposition be true, say to the State of
Pennsylvania, or to the State of Virginia, that no
unnaturalized person in either of those States shall
be an elector. There seems to be a strange con-
founding of the power of Congress to authorize
the naturalization of foreigners with the right of
the States to determine who are qualified electors
under their laws and constitutions. While the
right has been reserved to Congress to pass a
general naturalization law, no power has been
reserved to Congress to declare who shall bo the
electors of a State. And I take it to be true and
undeniable, that any State of this Union may au-
thorize women to vote if it sees proper, or that
minors may vote if it thinks proper, or it may au-
thorize slaves—though the gentleman from Mary-
land doubts it—to vote. There is no power in
Congress to revise the action of a State where it
would not affect the right of representation upon
this floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Texas whether he thinks that, under
the Constitution of the United States, either an
individual State or the people of a Territory, in
framing a constitution, would have the right to
confer the right of suffrage upon an alien enemy?
Mr. REAGAN. I will not undertake to an-
swer that question now. It is not pertinent to the
question before us. 1 may say this, however: that
by the law of nations—a lav/ which would be rec-
ognized in acting upon any State question—we
cannot do so, unless we are prepared to commit
legal treason. I cannotsee why the question was
asked. It can have no relation to the domestic
government of the country.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. Speaker, I am not going
to dwell upon the legal arguments in reference to
this question; but shall leave that to gentlemen
who are better qualified to discuss questions of law.
But, as gentlemen here, in making their remarks,
directed many of their arguments against emigra-
tion, and against the naturalization of foreigners,
I intend to confine my remarks generally to that
particular branch of the subject. I peioeive that
much of the discussion yesterday was directed to
that particular point, and henen I shall endeavor,
as far as I possibly can, to remove the erroneous
impressions which these remarks tended to make
upon the House.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The rule requires that the debate
shall be pertinent to the question before the House.
If the gentleman desires to make a speech upon
the benefits of emigration, I hope he will mske it
in Committee of the Whole. Such debate is not
in order here.
S The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot determine
i as yet whether the gentleman will be in order or
i not. The general question of emigration will not
■ be opened to debate upon this bill.
! Mr. KELLY. What I shall say will be per-
tinent to the issue before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I insist on my
i question of order. I would inquire whether the
i subject of emigration, which is manifestly the
j question which the gentleman intends to discuss,
1 is debatable on this bill ? I do not wish to em-
] barrass the gentleman, but desire, if he wants to
I debate that subject, that lie shall do it in the
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman cannot indulge in the merits of the
propositions incidentally discussed yesterday by
the gentlemen from Kentucky and Tennessee, the
pending question being the admission of Minne-
sota. Incidentally, the gentleman can discuss the
question of naturalization, as other gentlemen have
done; but the gentleman must confine himself to
the merits of the pending question.
Mr. KELLY. Does the gentleman take ex-
ception to the remarks I have made?
The SPEAKER. The Chains of opinion that
a portion of the remarks the gentleman has sub-
mitted indicates a determination upon the part
of the gentleman from New York to discuss that
which the Chair thinks is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, by
unanimous consent, the gentleman from New
York wili be permitted to deliver his speech. He
is upon the floor now, and the matter of natural-
ization is involved more or less in the merits of the
question before the House
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If unanimous con-
sent be given, I am willing to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and allow
the gentleman to speak, but I must object to it ia
the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit that so
much of the gentleman's remarks as refer to the
subject of emigration of persons to that Territory
are in order.
Mr. KELLY commenced the reading of his
remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman cannot proceed unless by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Many Membebs. No objection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. With the un-
derstanding that I may have an opportunity to
reply, I have no objection to the gentleman pro-
ceeding.
Mr. KELLY. It is singular that gentlemen
should make objection, when it is a well known
fact that the whole discussion on this bill has di-
rected itself to that particular point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the questions of emigration and naturalization have
only been incidentally referred to by gentlemen
during the discussion. It would not be in order
to take up those two questions and discuss them
elaborately and fully upon a bill to admit Minne-
sota into the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I do not like to appeal frora
the decision of the Chair; but here, for instance,
is a provision in the constitution of Minnesota
which allows an unnaturalized alien to vote.
What is the effect? Is that a stimulus to alien
emigration' If it is, is not the policy of stimu-
lating alien emigration directly a matter in issue
under that clause?
The SPEAKER. But by the same process of
reasoning, the gentleman from Kentucky could
discuss the whole social relations of the Old
World, wherever the emigration comes from.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, I think the
whole social arrangements of those countries is a
proper subjcct of discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I would remark
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jenkins]
introduced this particular subject yesterday, and
occupied twenty-five minutes in its discussion.
The SPEAKER. Whenever the gentleman
from New York confines his remarks to that
branch of the question, the Chair thinks it will
be in order; but as to the merits of emigration, or
the geneiul meiits of the naturalization laws, the
Chair thinks that those subjects are hardly before
the House.
Mr. KELLY. I dislike very much to takcan
appeal from the decision of the Chair, particularly
i from the decision of the gentleman now occupy-
ing the chair; but as I intended to make my re-
marks on this subject, and as I cannot see any
other opportunity to do so, I hope I will be al-
lowed to proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. To enable the gen-
tleman to do so in order, I shall move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Debate is closed on the bill
pending before the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Well, let us take
up some bill on which debate is not concluded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must object to
that.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. KELLY. I withdraw my appeal; but I
think there is a disposition on the part of the
House to let me go on.
Several Members. There is; go ahead.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that unanimous consent is given to the gentle-
man's proceeding?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Not unless he is in order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I object, be-
cause if the gentleman is allowed to proceed other
gentlemen must be allowed to speak m reply, and
thus we would have a general debate in violation
of the rules of the House; and I will not agree to
violating; the rules of the House.
