I960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. KELLY. Inasmuch as there are objec-
tions, I withdraw my appeal. I do not desire to
force myself upon the House.
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Speaker, having ex-
amined the constitution under which Minnesota
asks to be admitted into the Union, as one of the
States of this Confederacy, I desire briefly to call
the attention of the House to certain provisions
contained in that constitution, which arc, in my
opinion, in violation not only of the spirit, but the
letter, of the Constitution of the United States. i
Article seven, section one,declares that— !
Every male pen-on of the age of twenty-one years, or j
upwards, belonging to either of ttic following clashes, who '
shall have resided in the United States one year, and in this j
State four months next preceding any election, shall be
entitled to vote at puch election, m the election district of i
which lie shall at the time have been foi ten days a readout,
for all officers that now ase, or hereaftei may be, elective
by the people:
" First White citizens of the United States.
" Second. White pei sons of foreign birth, who shall have
declared their intentions to become citizens, conformably to
the laws ol the United Slates upon the subject of naturali-
zation.
Third. Persons of mixed white and Indian blood, who
have adopted their customs and habits of civilization."
You perceive, Mr. Speaker, from tins provis-
ion of the constitution, that men, who have not
thrown off their allegiance to the foie;gu Govern-
ment from whence they emigrated—citizens of the
despotismsof the Old World—are permitted to ex-
ercise the right of suffrage, to make and unmake
constitutions, to elee.t Governors, legislators, and
judges; to participate equally with naturalized
and native-born citizens in the administration of
this Government.
This power, so dangerous to our institutions,
if unwisely and unpatriotically exercised, is pos-
sessed by the people of no one of the States of tins
Union. It was surrendered to theG-enerai Govern-
ment, by the people of the United States, at the
time of the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
The eighth scction of thdt instrument confers
upon Congress the power " to establish a umfoim
system of naturalization," and at the close of that
section it is declared that Congress may " make
all laws which shall be necessary for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers." Congress, in
the exercise of that power, has prescribed, by law,
the terms upon which a foreigner can become a
citizen of the United States. Although born under
a despotism, and reared beneath the frowns and
oppressive rule of a tyrant, he may here, upon
this soil consecrated to freedom, become a citizen
of the United States, and enjoy all the privileges
and immunities ofa native-born American citizen.
But that law, the policy of which v/as adopted by
the early fathers of the Republic, required that he
shall have resided within the limits, and under
the jurisdiction of the United States, for the term
of five years; that he shall be a man of good moral
character, attached to the principles of the Consti-
tution of the United States. And when these facts
are established to the satisfaction of a court hav-
ing competent jurisdiction, he is not yet a citizen
of the United Slates; but to entitle him to that no-
ble appellation, and the inestimable rights that
attach thereto, he must declare, on oath or affirm-
ation, that he will support the Constitution of the
United States, and that he doth, absolutely and
entirely, renounce, and abjure all allegiance and
fidelity to every foreign prince, potentate, State,
or sovereignty whatever; and, particularly, by
name, the prince, potentate, State,or sovereignty
whereof he v/as before a citizen or subject; and
this proceeding is placed upon the records of the
court. But this constitution, m defiance of this
wise enactment by Congress, picks up a raw for-
eigner, who is ignorant of our manners and cus-
toms, our language, our laws and institutions, and
by its magical influence, in the brief period of one
year after he touches the soil and breathes the at-
mosphere of Minnesota, endows him with all the
attributes and qualifications of a citizen.
I insist, Mr. Speaker, that the people of the
United States, by the adoption of the Federal
Constitution, clothed Congress with the exclusive
power of conferring upon foreigners the right of
citizenship; and the Supreme Court of the tJnited
States have so affirmed. But, sir, I am met by
the assertion that he is not a citizen of the United
States by this provision m the constitution of
Minnesota, but only a citizen of that State. Per-
mit me to say, in the language of Senator Hous-
ton, that " it is an ahsuiduy to say that a man
can be a citizen ofa Stare with Federal relations,
j who is not a citizen of the United States; and that
; an alien can have a right, by virtue of State au-
! thority,to vote for members of Congress and pres-
idential electors, because the State confers upon
! him the power to vote for the most numerous
j branch of the Legislature." Are not the right to
hold office and the exercise of the elective fran-
! chise, both guarantied to aliens under this State
i constitution, the highest possible elements of cit-
. izenship that can be conferred ? Is not the exer-
| cise of this power on the part of the people of
• Minnesota in direct conflict with the power and
1 authority of Congress, expressly granted by the
i Constitution of the United States? Both cannot
; exercise it. Either one or the other possesses it
; exclusively. Can there be any doubt as to which ?
ji None, I apprehend, except with those who per-
il rnit their zeal for u State rights" to warp their
!j minds and bias their judgments.
ji I, sir, profess to be an unyielding advocate for
j| all the rights that can be fairly and rationally
ij claimed by the States of this Confederacy. But,
■ | when the States have clearly and unquestionably
| parted with a right, let us yield it up. Can any
| one doubt that it was designed and intended by the
' fiamers uf the Constitution of the United States
that there should be uniformity throughout the
whole Confederacy in the naturalization of for-
: eigners ? that the power should be exercised alone
by the national Legislature ? Congress, in the ex-
|i ercise of its power—for the purpose of guarding
our institutions against the influence of foreign
u sentiments, principle, and prejudices, which might
" be impressed upon our laws and government
i; through the ballot-box—has declared that a pro-
bation of five years' residence m our midst, and
;l under the influence of our institutions, is neces-
; sury on the part of a foreigner to qualify him for
ij citizenship, and yet the people of Minnesota, in
!i violation of the express will of Congress, declared
:■ by virtue of and in conformity to the Constitution
of the United Suites, assume the authority to say
that foreigners after one year's residence shall be
1 permitted to exercise the right of suffrage; shall
■' go to the polls and nullify tin; votes of native-born
:i and naturalized citizens, and mold, to some ex-
1 tent, the institutions of the State, and control its
j1 future destinies.
j; I warn gentlemen from the South of the conse-
quences that must result from maintaining the
ii nght of unnaturalized foreigners to vote in the
I foimation of State constitutions. The whole of
the Territories of this Union are rapidly filling up
j| with foreigners. The great body of them arc op-
posed to slavery. Mark my word: if you do it,
j; another slave State will never be formed out of
'] the Territories of this Union. They are the ene-
1; mies of the South and her institutions.
,! I desire to call the attention of the members of
; this House to the followmgextracts from a speech
H of the illustrious statesman of South Carolina,
:! John C. Calhoun, delivered in the Senate of the
jt United States, upon the application of Michigan
!' for admission into the Union. The principal ob-
|| jeetion urged by Mr. Calhoun to the admission
II of Michigan, was that her constitution conferred
upon aliens the right of suffrage. He said—
!| '• The Constitution eonleis on Congtess the authority to
'' pass uniform inv,\> of natuiahzation. This \\ ill not be ques-
tinned ; nor will it be, that the effect ol naturalization is to
ji remove alienage." * * * * "To remove
alienage, is simply to put the foreigner m the condition of a
i! native born. To this extent the act of naturalization goes;
11 and no further."
[ '-The next position 1 assume is no]esseeitarn ; that when
!' Confess has cxt*iei«ed its authority by parsing a unn'oim
law of naturalization, (as it has,) it excludes the unlit of ex.-
: erci-sing a Mimlai duiitoiitv on the pait of the Slate. To
I <tupyo>e that Ike Stules could pens natm ali^atioa acts of their
,, O'vn, after Connies', had passed a uniform law of naturali-
zation. would be to make the provision of the Constitution
, nugatory." * ' * <i I have shown thit a
1; citizen not an alien, and that alienage is an insuperable
barrier, till removed, to citizenship: and that it can only be
< removed by complvmg with the act ot Congress. It follows
!i of course, that a .State cannot, of its own authority, make
an ahen a citizen without such compliance. To suppose it
II can, involves, m my opinion, a confusion of ideas, which
mu-st lead to innumerable absurdities and contiadictions." j
j, r*-f-« + -k*r + K ;
' " Whatever difference of opinion there maybe as to what ;
. other rights apperr >m to a citizen,all must at lea^ agiee :
that he has tne ught to petition, and also to claim the pro- I
J' taction of ln  Government. These belong to him as a mem- i
,' ber of the body-politic, and the posies-ion of them is what 1
11 separates citizens of the lowest condition from aliens and
11 blavcs. To suppose that a .state can make an alu-.i a eiti- :
ij zen of the State—or, to present the question moi<> -jioeul- i
,j cally, can confer on him the ri<*ht of oothi%^ would involve !
j' the absuidity of giving him a dnect and immediate control !
li over the action of the Geneial Government, from which he '
has no right to claim protection, and to which he has no
right to piesenta petition. That the lull force of the absuid-
ity may be felt, it must be bomc m mind that everv depart-
ment of the Geneial Government is either directly or indi-
rectly under the control of the voters m the several States.
The Constitution wisely provides that the voters for the most
numerous branch of the Legislatures in the several States,
shall vote for the members ot the House of Representatives;
and, as the members of this body arc chosen by the Legisla-
tures of the States, and the presidential electors either by the
Legislatures or voters in the several States, it follows, as I
have stated, that the action of the General Government is
cither directly or induectly under the control of the voters
in the seveial States. Now, admit that a State may confer
the right of voting on all aliens, and it will follow, as a mat-
ter of necessaiv consequence^ that we might have among
our constituents persons who have not the right to claim the
protection of the Government, or to present a petition to it.
1 would ask my colleague if he would willingly bear the re-
lation of Representative to tnose who could not claim his aid,
as Senator, to piotcct them from oppr< stion, -or to present a
petition, thtough hmi, to the Senate, praying for aiedressof
grievances ? And yet such might be lus c5ndition on the
principle for winch he contend?.
" But a still greater difficulty remains. Suppose a war
should be declaied between the United States and the coun-
try to which the ahen belongs—suppose, for instance, that
Sooth Carolina should confer the right of voting on alien
subjects of Gteat Britain residing within her limits, and that
wai should be declaied between the two countries : what,
in such event, would be the condition of that pot Lion of our
voteis? They, as alien enemies, would be liable to he seized
under the laws of Congress, and to have their goods confis-
cated and themselves imprisoned or sent out of the country.
The puuciplc that leads to such consequences cannot be
true; and I venture nothing m asserting that South Carolina,
at least, will never give it her sanction or consent to act in
it. She never will assent to mcoi porute, a  members of her
body politic, those who might bo placed m so degraded a
condition and so completely undei the control of the Gen-
eral Government."
Mr. Calhoun also inquires into the objects of
the Constitution in conferring on Congress the au-
thorityof passing uniform laws of naturalization,
and says:
" In confeiring this power, theframers of the Constitution
j must have had two objects in v e\v : one to present compe-
; tit ion between the State? in holding out inducements for
j the emigration of foieigners: and the'other to pi event their
! improper influence over the Geneial Gov eminent, tlnougli
! such States as might nationalize lore«uncis,and could conler
! on them the right of e\eiei-mg the elective franchise, be-
fore rheycouid he sufficiently mlormed of the nature of our
institutions, or were interested in their preservation. Both
of these objects would be defeated, if The States may con-
fer on aliens the right of voting, and the othei piivilegcs be-
longing to citizens. On that supposition, it would be almost
impossible to conceive what good could be obtained, or evil
prevented, by conferringthe power on Congress. The power
would be perfectly nugatory. A State might hold out very
improper mducemeu ts to emigration, as freely as if the power
did not exist, and might confer on the alien all the political
pnvileges belonging to a native-boi n citizen, not only to the
great injury of the government of the State, but to an im-
piopercontrol of the Government over the Union. To illus-
trate what I have said, «uppo~e the dominant party in Xew
York, finding political power about to depart fiom them,
should, to maintain their ascendency, extend the ii-rht of
suffrage to the thousands of aliens of every language, and
from every poition of the woild, that annually pour into her
great emporium: how deeply might the destiny of the whole
Union be affected by such a measiue ! It might m tact place
!j the contiol over the General Government in the hands of
those who know nothing of our institutions, and are indif-
i; lerent a* to the interests of the country." % * *
■ i "Michigan has> attempted to confer the right to vote on
I' alien-.. She has no authontv to confer «uch right under the
Con-titution. 1 have conclusively shown thai a State does
M not possess it, much Ies3 a Territory, which possesses no
j! power except such as is conferred bv Congress. Congiess
has comeired no such power on Michigan, nor. indeed,
!i could confer it, as it has no authority, under the Constitu-
ij tion, over the subject, except to pass uniform laws of nat-
1} urahzation/5
11 Thus spoke the distinguished southern states-
i1 man.
•I Suppose, Mr. Chairman, that the foreign emi-
ii gration to the United States for one year should
i: concentrate in Minnesota: do we not know that
|! they would have the complete control ofthegov-
I] eminent of that State, with all its machinery and
officers 2 Are we, the inheritors of the best and.
,j noblestGovernmentontheearth,with institutions
!j fashioned and approved by patriots of revolution-
ary memory, willing to exhibit to the gratified
j gaze of the crowned heads of Europe the strange
; and monstrous spectacle of one of the States of
;i this Union filled and taken possession of by their
subjects, and its government con trolled and admin-
ii is te red by them ? Sir, let the honor ofourcountry,
i! the memory of our fathers, nnd the purity and
sacredness of the ballot-box, forbid it.
The aspirants for political elevation, who would
hazard the dearest interests of this Union to grat-
ify their unhallowed ambition, and who are ever
courting this foreign power and influence, have
not only induced the people of Minnesota (many
of whom are doubtless foreigners) to place them-
selves in a condition where they may have to sub-
mit to foreign will and dictation, but they have
