894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr.J.GLANCYJONES. Mr.Chairman, this
appropriation bill has now been before the com-
mittee foraliftie overa week. In the few remarks
which I made m opening the debate, 1 stated that
this bill was one which could not be amended
without the change of a treaty or the repeal of an
existing law. The committee seems to have taken
the same view of the subject; for, after a delay of
nearly ten days, as far as 1 have been informed,
there has not been one word said in relation to the
bill. I therefore—though entitled to one hour in
which to close debate in defense of the bill—have
no occasion to occupy the time of the committee;
for, during the whole pendency of the bill in the
Committee oft hp Whole, as I have remarked, there
has not been one word said about it. Inasmuch,
therefore, as no exception has been taken to the
remarks I made in opening the debate, I shall ask
the Clerk to proceed with the reading of the bill
by clauses, and hope the committee will take ac-
tion on it,and thatitmay be reported to the House,
and passed to-day. After the bill has been read
by clauses, I^shall ask that it may be laid astde,
and that another appropriation bill shall be taken
up.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for amend-
ment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES asked that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
There being no objection, the bill was so laid
aside.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not like to make a point
of order on my friend from Pennsylvania, who
has charge of these matters; but this may grow
into a precedent I therefore'raise the question
of order that it is not comoetent for the commit-
tee to lay aside this bill and proceed to take up
another. The language of the resolution termin-
ating debate on the bill is, that general debate
shall close at a particular hour, and that after that,
the committee shall proceed to act on such amend-
ments as may be proposed, and report the bill to
the House. I believe that the ruling heretofore
under such resolutions has been, that the commit-
tee having consummated its work, was bound to
report it to the House.
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. My object in taking
that course was to expedite business, and save
time. I know this same course has often been
taken in committee, although it may have been by
unanimous consent, or because a point of order
was not raised. My object is to take up another
appropriation bill, which it is very important
should be passed immediately by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the precedents are both ways. But this bill
has been laid aside by unanimous consent, to be
reported to the House.
CAPITALIZATION OF SOUND DUES.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now propose to
take up House bill No. 271, which is a bill to en-
able the President of the United States to fulfill the
stipulations contained in the third and sixth arti-
cles of the treaty between the United States and
the King of Denmark, of the lith of April, 1857,
for the discontinuance of the Sound dues.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a point of older.
Has the Chair decided that the gentleman can
make a motion to lay aside the other bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the rul-
ing has been both ways.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, there must be a vote
upon it in committee before the bill is laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been laid aside; and
the motion now is to take up another bill.
Mr. MILLSON. But 1 do not understand that
"this second bill can be taken up before the com-
mittee has acted on the motion to lay aside the
first bill. My object is to move that the commit-
tee rise and report this bill to the House, m order
that we may then go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and use the hour
that we have yet left before adjourning; this being
objection clay.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a point
of order. I object to the gentleman from Virginia
assigning reasons why the House should go into
a Committee of the Whole House. The other bill
was laid aside by unanimous consent before the
gentleman from Virginia raised his point of order.
And the Chair decided on the point of order raised
by the other gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] that, even if the point of order were well
taken it came too late, as the bill had been already
laid aside by unanimous consent, and as the com-
mittee had proceeded to take up another bill. I
am now entitled to the floor to make an hour's
speech upon it if I please.
Mr. STANTON. Is it understood that the
other bill has been laid aside and that this has
been taken up by unanimous consent?
The CHAIRMAN. The other bill has been
laid aside by unanimous consent.
Mr. MILLSON. The question was not put
by the Chair.
Mr. STANTON. If it had been, I should cer-
tainly have objected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair expressly
stated-to the committee that unless objection was
made the biil would be laid aside to be reported
to the House, and stated that the Chair heard no
objection.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well; I have a light to super-
sede my friend from Pennsylvania for the purpose
of raising a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania rose to a point of order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Yes; but now he says he has
a right to make an hour's speech. I want to in-
terpose a point of order between him and his
hour's speech.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I did not by any
means say that l would make it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The point of order which I
now raise, Mr. Chairman, is, that the committee
has not the right, by unanimous consent, to lay
aside that lull, and to proceed to the considera-
tion of another. A committee is the creature of
the House. We are acting here by order of the
House; and we cannot, by any action of ours, set
aside the order of the House. Suppose the House
j orders us to terminate debate at two o'clock: can
j the committee fix another hour?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If my friend will
I allow me, it is not in order to debate a point of
j order.
II Mr. BOCOCK. I am not going to debate it.
!| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Nor is it in order
to raise it again after being decided.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am just stating it. Mypoint
of order is, that the House has directed us to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill and amend-
ments, and report them to the House; and we are
bound to carry out that order of the House, and
have no rigRt, by unanimous consent, to do any-
thing else.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the precedents may have been both ways. The
very convenience of the body would require fre-
quently this course to be pursued. The Chair
knows of no rule which prevents the committee,
when it has concluded one subject, from passing
to another.
Mr. BOCOCK. The resolution terminating
debate requires the committee to report the bill
to the Plouse.
Mr. JONEvS, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether there was a resolution really
adopted terminating this debate? If so, let it be
read, and it will determine the whole question.
The CHAIRMAN. A week ago this day,when
the House was in a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, it acted on one
bill, laid it asideto be reported, acted on another,
and so on.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand, then, that
the bill has been laid aside by unanimous consent,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that U do pass ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been so laid aside.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. J. G-LANCY JONES. The gentleman
cannot take the floor from mc for that purpose.
I move that the committee proceed to the consid-
eration of a bill (II. R. No. 271) to enable the
President of the United States to fulfill the stipu-
lations contained in the third and sixth articles of
the treaty between the United States and the King
of Denmark, of the 11th April, 1857, for the dis-
continuance of the Sound dues.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, it '
is important'that this bill should be laid aside, to 1
be reported to the House, before the committee ,
rises. It provides for the payment of $393,000,
in fulfillment of the treaty entered into between
this Government and the King of Denmark in
relation to the Sound dues. That treaty has been
ratified, and the ratifications of the two Govern-
i ments have been exchanged It is the highest
| law of the land. It took effect on the 1st of April,
1 1857. The sum provided for in this bill is a cap-
italization of the Sound dues as set forth in arti-
cles three and six of the treaty. The money is
stipulated to be paid in London on the 11th day
of April next; and unless this bill be passed im-
mediately it will be impossible for our Govern-
ment to comply with that stipulation. It is a
measure which, under the circumstances, can
admit of no delay. It is a mere appropriation of
$393,000 in fulfillment of treaty stipulation en-
tered into between the United States and Den-
mark. The money must be paid in London on
the ljth day of April next. I hope, therefore,
there will be no disposition to put off action to-
day. I propose to occupy the time of the com-
mittee no longer. I cannot now suggest the time
to close debate; but I hope the bill will be passed
without the necessity of resorting to any such
measure.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have some written re-
marks which I desire to submit, and I hope there
will be no objection to my doing so in the ordi-
nary tone of voice. I am unable to pitch my voice
and sustain it higher.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is not yet before
the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understood the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to argue the propriety of passing the bill. Are
the merits of the bill debatable on a motion to
take up ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromPenn-
sylvama spok'e by the indulgence of <he com-
mittee. He gave the reasons why it should be
taken up.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that the committee
rise. I wanttoget into the House, that we may
resolve ourselves into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on the motion to take
up the bill for consideration; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, questions
of mere economy, those which relate to banks, to
internal improvements, or protective tariffs, no
longer occupy the public mind. These subjects
have given place to questions of more transcend-
ent importance, to those which relate to the rights
of mankind, to the religious, moral, and political
elevation of our race. The discussion of these
rights, which arc common to our race, has in all
past time been attended with agitation and ex-
citement. It brings the rights of the people into
conflict with despotism, whatever may be the
form of government under which the discussion
takes place. Such is now the condition of this
mighty nation; our Union is shaken to its very
center by the agitation of great and undying
truths. Our Government is vibrating between
freedom and despotism, and it becomes us thor-
oughly to examine the religious basis on which
we found our political action.
The late message of the President in relation to
Kansas is without precedent in the history of
executive communications to this body. Ttstone
of contempt for the people of that Territory finds
no precedent in our Government, or even'm the
fulminations of European despotism; while the
language of the people of Kansas, expressed by
her Legislature, is most extraordinary for sover-
eigns to use towards a servant already arraigned
before the tribunal of the popular mind for high
crimes and misdemeanors.
Under these circumstances, I have thought that
the best service I can render the people on the
present occasion would be to analyze the subject
which now absorbs the popular mind; and, so far
as able, to define the issue now pending before the
nation.
That issue is founded upon fundamental reli-
gious truths, which are maintained by one polit-
ical party and denied by the other.
Immediately after the last Congress adjourned,
the men who wield the judicial and executive
powers of Government publicly denied the great
primal doctrine of our Government, " that all men
are endowed by their Creator with inherent, equal,
and inalienable rights." They essayed to obliter-
