1858.
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8 95
ate the line of demarkation drawn by our patriot !
fathers between the despotisms of a darker age, !
and the rights of mankind as understood m this j
nineteenth century. i
The annual message of the President, in its !
leading positions and in its details, wholly disre- 1
gards those rights of human nature, and speaks j
of men created in the image of God, with undy- :
ing spirits, with eternal destinies, as transformed i
into property, in direct contradiction to those truths j
which the American people have long regarded as <
44 self-evident." ■
It will be my object to render this issue more i
distinctly obvious. Its importance is transcend- j
ent; and, however fully other gentlemen may have \
appreciated it, I feel const! ained to admit that I |
have failed to comprehend its vastness, or set I
bounds to the consequences naturally resulting ;
from its decision; yet every member of society ,
is bound to examine and to act upon his own ;
responsibility.
Our fathers, recognizing G-od as the author of j
human life, proclaimed it a "self-evident" truth :
that every human being holds from the Creator an i
inalienable right to live, to sustain and protect |
life, attain knowledge, elevate his moral nature, j
and enjoy happiness. j
These prerogatives were recognized as "gifts «
of God," lying behind and above human legis- J
lation; and the founders of our institutions pro- j
ceeded to declare that governments are instituted i
among men to secure their enjoyment. Thus !
our Republic was founded on religious truth, and j
it was thus far emphatically a religious Govern- '
ment. It has i-vcr been sustained by the religious
sentiment of the nation; and it will only fail when
this element shall be discarded by the people.
The attempt now made to overthrow these reli-
gious truths demands the severest scrutiny.
There are but few men who openly deny the ex-
istence of a Supreme Being, or that He is clothed
with the attributes of infinite wisdom, truth, and
justice; or that men are religious in degree as
they bring themselves into harmony with those
divine qualities, make them their own, and as-
similate their characters to that of Deity. This is
the sense in which I use the term "religion." I
do not ypeak as a sectarian. Indeed, sectarians
do not regard membership as religion, but merely
as the evidence of religious feeling on the part of
the individual. All admit that those who are wise, I
truthful, just, and pure, of all denominations, and j
men who, possessing these attributes, belong to j
no particular sect, are the truly religious men of ,
earth. # !
I will here remark that I am conscious this ex- I
amination of the religious character of our Gov- J
ernmentwill subject me to the criticisms of all who ;
deny the existence of man's inalienable rights: !
they will insist that an examination of the r«±li- j
gious character of our institutions is unsuited to j
this forum; that laymen should not tread on this j
holy ground; but I assert, if there be a place on j
earth where religion, where wisdom and truth and j
justice and purity of purpose, should be observed j
and practiced, this Hall constitutes that place. If j
there be a class of men on earth who ought to be i
religious, who ought to be wise and truthful and
just and pure of purpose, the members of this
body ought to sustain that character^
I repeat, we all acknowledge the existence of a
Supreme Being; that he is the Creator; that we
are brought into life by His will. At this point,
the American people separate into two great par-
ties—one holding that sovereignty dwells alone
with the Creator, and not with men; that kings, ;
potentates, and all human governments, arc sub- '
jected to the " higher law" of the Creator, and
authorized to legislate only for the, protection of
the lights which God has conferred on mankind:
another portion deny the existence of this <c higher
law," and insist upon the perfect and unlimited
sovereignty of human Governments over the lives
and liberties of the people. To be more explicit
on this point, I will remark that the religious por-
tion of our people hold, that, as God gave life to
the human race, He conferred on each a Tight to i
that liberty which is necessary to become wise,
truthful, just, and pure; to bring himself into har-
mony with the law of God, and enjoy the happi-
ness resulting therefrom; that these rights are
equally self-evident as the existence of our race;
that they are inherent, inalienable, and common to
all men; that they constitute the greatmoral liga-
ment which binds man to his Creator, connects '
earth with heaven, and unites the human race in !
one common brotherhood, bound by the most,
sacred obligations to love, revere, and obey our :
Universal Father. Of the possession of these !
rights every sentient being is conscious. When
God created man, and breathed into him the breath !
of life, when man became a living soul, this con- j
sciousness formed a part of his moral nature; and \
never, in any age or in any clime, has man,even
in his rudest, his most barbarous state, been un- J
conscious of his right to live, to nourish, and pro- 1
tect life, and seek his own happiness. I
These rights constitute an clement of the hu- i
man soul; they cannot be alienated by the mdi- !
vidual; nor can any association of men, or any
earthly power, separate the humblest of the hu-'
man race from them. Men may rob their fellow- ]
man of the food which he gathers for his own \
support; they may deprive him of the power of i
self-defense; they may bind his limbs and scourge ]
his body; they may prevent him from attaining '
knowledge; but his right to the food which he
gathers, to defend his person, to attain knowl-
edge, will remain unchanged. Their crimes will
in no degree affect his right.
This relation of man to the Creator is repudi-
ated bya portion of the American people. They I
deny that man holds any inalienable rights from i
God. They deny that the right to live, to pro- |
tect life, and to attain moral elevation and happi- |
ness, is derived from Heaven, or is superior to j
human enactments. Tiie denial of these funda- j
mental religious truths I can characterize by no j
other term than {< vlmeiicaii infidelity. " This first :
and primal issue literally scpaiates the religious !
from the infidel portion of our people. In using
this language, I do not seek to cast opprobrium
.upon those who honestly disbelieve the religious j
truths which Jefferson and Adams and Franklin
and their associates termed " self-evident." I
have no unkind feeling towards them. I regard
them as brethren, entitled to my best wishes, my
earnest prayers; and 1 apply the term "infidel"
to them as the only expression by which I can
characterize them as a class.
The outworking of this great primal issue is
witnessed in almost every important question that
comes before Congress. One portion of the mem-
bers adhere to the central proposition, that man
holds natural and inalienable rights from the Cre-
ator, which are not to be invaded by human en-
actments; that they cannot be violated except by
incurring the penalties of that law which was
ordained by Him who bestowed them upon our
race; that every individual who invades these
rights of his fellow-man is guilty of crime, and
should be punished accordingly; that all human
enactments professing to authorize the invasion
of these rights are outside the just powers of hu-
man governments, are impious invasions of God's
prerogatives are despotic in their character, im-
pose no moral obligation upon any individual, but
involve those who enact them in the same degree
of guilt with those who perpetrate the crimes;
that such statutes can in no degree modify the
moral guilt of those who trample upon the lights
which God has bestowed upon their fellow-men.
The other portion of the American people main-
taining a corresponding infidelity, deny the exist-
ence of these rights, deny that God has bestowed
them upon mankind; they claim unlimited sover-
eignty for human governments over human rights.
But I desire to call attention to some of those
specific rights which are regarded as inalienable
and common to all men. Christians and patriots
hold life to be the gijt of God. They regard it
sacred; they look upon its invasion as a crime;
that, as the Creator bestows existence upon those
who beat His image, it becomes the duty of indi-
viduals, of associations, and of governments, to
protect each and every human being in the enjoy-
ment of life; that at this point human legislation
commences, limited in its appropriate powers to
the protection of life, and not to its destruction;
that human governments hold no other rightful
powers in regard to life than to protect its enjoy-
ment; that the execution of pirates and murder-
ers, and those who invade our country, is allowed
only for the purpose of protecting society; that
these powers are ordained of God, sanctioned by
religion, by philosophy, by the common sense
of mankind. They believe that that command
which was proclaimed from Sinai in tones of
thunder, saying to every human being, " Thou
shalt not kill," was truly the voice of God;
that it is repeated in all His works and in every
revelation of Himself, and is binding on all our
race. This commandment of God, this entire _
doctrine, is denied by the President and by all
American infidels.
In our slavcholdin* communities enactments
have been passed, and are now supported, pro-
fessing to authorize masters to murder their slaves
in certain cases. For instance, in those Stales
the slave is denied the right of self-defense; the
right to protect his life or his person. If he at-
tempt to defend himself against the master, the
master is authorized to slay him in any manner
he may be able; if he run from the master, after
being ordered to stop, the master is authorized to
shoot him; if he die under the scourge, the master
is not held responsible. American infidels believe
that no moral turpitude attaches to these statutory
murders; while Christians hold that God's moral
law remains unchanged by such human enact-
ments; that the guilt of the murderer is in no de-
gree modified by such statutes; that the perpetra-
tor stands unvailed before God and all good men,
guiltyas he would be if no such laws existed;
that all who enact, and all who support such en-
actments, make themselves accessory to the crimes
committed under them, are guilty as such, and
ought to be subjected to the same punishment
with those who murder their slaves.
But this power of the master over the life of the
slave constitutes the vital element of* the institu-
tion, without which slavery could not exist. It
is ext-icised wherever slavery is maintained. Ev-
ery master exorcises the privilege of driving his
slave, in-sic.kness or in health, just so severelyas
he thinks will best subserve his own interests. &It
is on this principle that slaveholders openly de-
clare it profitable to work their slaves so hard as to
produce the death of the whole gang on an average
of five years upon sugar plantations, and of seven
upon cotton plantations; and to supply their places
by other victims imported from the slave-breed-
ing States. From official documents, it is esti-
mated that thirty thousand human victims are thus
sacrificed annually within the United States and
Territories.
In the slave States it is not uncommon to see
advertisements in tfte public papers offering a
.bounty for the head of a particular slave, who has
absconded from his master. Even in Ohio, during
the past year, a Government official deliberately
murdered an absconding slave, and is yet pro-
tected from the gallows by those who administer
the State laws in the county were the murder was
perpetrated. Our Federal troops are often em-
ployed in the work of murdering those who are
supposed to he fugitive slaves. A signal instance
of this character occurred many years since. In
a time of profound peace, General Jackson di-
rected our Army to invade Florida, at that time
a province of Spain, for the purpose of murdering
a people who were born free, but whose ancestors
had been slaves; and in one day nearly three hun-
dred men, women, and children, were barbarously
and wantonly murdered by American troops,
j This system of murder is encouraged and main-
1 tamed by the present Executive, and by all who
! support, his Administration. They insist that the
| people of a State or Territory may rightfully enact
iaws giving to one man power over the life of his
1 fellow-men who have committed no offense; that
: popular sovereignty is not limited by God's higher
law; that it extends with propriety over the life,
1 the liberty, and the happiness of a portion of the
human family; that the whites may, with moral
I impunity, subject the colored people^ of a State
or Territory to degrading servitude, close up the
I windows of their souls, shut out knowledge from
their understanding, hold them in ignorance, and
i murder them if they assert the rights which God
: has given them.
! This infidelity, within the last half century, has
! consigned more than a million of innocent and
i unoffending victims to untimely graves. The
, number is far greater than has perished under the
: infidelity of France in all past time. But this com-
parison of American with French infidelity does
' great injustice to the latter. In France the victims
! were uniformly sent to the guillotine under pre-
1 tense that it was necessary for the public sajety.
i They suffered but little: there was no flogging, no
i torture. But American infidelity consigns its vie-
