1858.
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
California, and I have no doubt he will make
time on all his routes.
Mr. BAYARD. The objection to this joint
resolution is to me very evident. You are alter-
ing your laws; you are directing the Postmaster
General to do this, without leaving it to his own
discretion as in other cases. Again, you have,
within a year past, authorized the establishment
of routes, by the Postmaster General, between
California and the western States; and, when the
contract is scarcely made, you are then asked at
once to increase the service by legislative direc-
tion, to interfere without any statement of facts
requiring it, without any evidence to show you
that the amount of letters to be transported by a
mad of that kind, on this route, would justify the
expense of it, and to increase this expenditure, as
far as I can see, some sixty thousand dollars a
year. Within one year after you made a con-
tract for about three hundred and twenty thou-
sand dollars, you are asked to increase it about
sixty thousand dollars, without one particle of
evidence as to the extent of communication by
letter over this route. There is no time to see what
is its extent. Gentlemen speak of it as if it was
necessary to quicken the time for the passage of
the mail, with a view to travel. The mail has
nothing to do with the question of traveling on
the route. The route is a post route, and persons
can travel on it. The question of the transporta-
tion of the mail, and paying for increased trans-
portation of the mail, must depend on the quan-
tity of mails to be transmitted. There is no
evidence of that kind; nothing to justify this ex-
pense, nothing to show you that the whole post-
age on the route would amount to even the sum
you are now asked to expend for quickening the
transportation on this route, when you have two
or three other routes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 17; as follow:
YEAS—Messr-. Allen, Bell, Broderiek, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Doolittle, Dougla*, Duikee. Fessenden, Fitch, Foot,
Foster, Green, Gwm, Hamlin, Hailan, Houston, Iver-jon,
Jones, King. Polk, Pugh, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Stuart,
Tiumbuil, Wade, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Brown, Clay, Cling-
man, Crittenden, Hammond, Hayno, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Pearce, iteid,
Siidell, Toombs, and Wnglit—J7.
So the joint resolution was passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
An act granting a pension to Mary A. M.
Jones; and
An act to establish certain post roads.
NEW POST OFFICE BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 651) making appro-
priatisns for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,1859.
The bill was read a first time by its title.
Mr. PUGH and Mr. TOOMBS. I object to
the second reading of that bill.
REVENUE COLLECTION.BILL.
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. Iaskleaveto make a confer-
ence report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York yield to the conference report?
Mr. SEWARD. If it will take no time.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell what time it will
Mr. SEWARD. I move to take up the bill
for the relief of Jane Turn bull.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a report to make from
a conference committee.
Mr. HUNTER. The House has adopted the
conference report on the revenue bill, and I want
to make it here.
Mr. SEWARD. I will defer to the considera-
tion of the report of the Senator from Virginia.
A message was received from the House of
Representative's, announcing that the House had
concurred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R- No. 4GB) making appropria-
tions for the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
$805
r endy
V
the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 466) making appro-
priations for the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs, have met. and after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to the respective
Houses, as follow*:
That the House of Representatives recede from its disa-
greement to the fourth amendment of the Senate, and con-
cur in the same with an amendment, as follows: Strike out
all after the word " warehouses," in the fifth line, to the
word " addition,'' in line eight, and insert, " or appraisers
shall receive a compensation more than twenty-five per
centum greater." •
_ Mr. HUNTER. The effect of that amendment
is this: we agree to strikeout the provision in re-
gard to the minor officers and employes. We ap-
ply the Senate amendment only to the officers
who receive salaries under law; and we agree that
they should not receive more than twenty-five per
cent, more than the New York officers. It was
stated by gentlemen who were familiar with it,
that the compensation to the New York officers
was not to be measured by salary only because
they received much more from fines and forfeit-
ures than the officers at any other port. That is
the report of the committee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
555) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year end-,
ing June 30, 1858.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to make a report from
a conference committee. The Senate charged
me, with two others of its members, with a free
conference with the House of Representatives,
upon the Post Office appropriation bill. The bill
belonged to the House. We disagreed, and the
bill has not been returned; butit seems the House
of Representatives have sent us an original bill.
I wish to state to the Senate and the country, that
the Senate was willing to yield to the House of
Representatives all they asked, if the House would
give up their privilege of encumbering the mails
which charged the Treasury with §6,000,000.
They refused it, and your committee have determ-
ined to recommend, through me, that this House
adhere to its disagreement; and I trust that the
Senate will not take up the new bill, at least until
the other House send us the bill upon which the
two Houses have disagreed. There are about
five or six amendments, and they send us a new
bill, and not the one they referred to the committee
of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What motion does
the Senator maker
Mr. TOOMBS. I have none to make. I
merely wished to make the report. When you
got the bill, I will go further into the position of
the two Houses.
Mr. STUART. There must be some question
on the report, I apprehend. I want to say only
one word, and that is, that I am disposed to join
my friend from Georgia, and see whether the Sen-
ate is any part of the legislative power of the
country.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not believe they are, and
I do not believe they deserve to be. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate take
up the bill for the relief of Jane Turnbull.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall decide this
question
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate except the motion of the
Senator from New York.
Mr. TOOMBS. I make the motion that the
Senate adhere to their disagreement on the Post
Office bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asked
the Senatur, and he said he did not make any
motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not want immediate ac-
tion, but I made that report.
Mr. PUGH. How can we adhere without hav-
ing the bill? I should like to have that question
decided. I make the point that a motion to adhere
or insist is out of order unless we have the bill.
I agree with the Senator from Georgia; I intend
to be with him on the main question; but I dis-
like voting on a bill which is not before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both Houses can-
not have the bill at the same time. * ~~
Mr. PUGH. The bill is in the other House.
The report is in order, but I do not see thaCt any
other thing is in order in regard to the bill. We
cannot act on the bill when it-is not here.
Mr. HUNTER'. I think I can-state what are
the difficulties in the case. The House of Rep-
resentatives have certainly involved us in difficulty
in regard to this bill. They have acted upon the
supposition, which is not true in a parliamentary
sense, that laying the bill on the table is defeating
it. Whilst a bill which was originated i"h the
House and returned to the House with amend-
ments by the Senate, is.still in existence ajid
lying on their table, they have undertaken to ori-
ginate another bill and send it to us. I have ho
doubt they did it from inadvertence. If they had
possessed any means of putting an end to the bill,
this other course would have been legitimate.
Laying it on the table, although by their own rules
it makes it almost impossible to get at it, yet does
not in a parliamentary sense destroy the bill. The
case is a new one—I suppose unknown in the his-
tory of parliamentary bodies; but it seems to me
the proper course would be for a committee of
conference to consult in regard to it, and get the
House of Representatives to retrace its steps and
reconsider them. They ought to reconsider the
vote by which this new bill has been passed, and
take the other bill from the table. If they do not,
I do not see but that we are involved in difficulties
that are almost inextricable.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps to avoid all misap-
prehension, I ought to remark,"that I did not say
what I said a few moments ago, under any feel-
ings of excitement at all; but I feel that the time
has arrived when it is best for the Senate to see
whether their weight, as a legislative part of this
country, can be felt or not. I think the proceed-
ings of the House of Representatives most extraor-
dinary. The Senator from Virginia is undoubt-
edly correct. When a bill is pending between the
two Houses, with a committee of conference—a
free conference between the two Houses—for one
House to seize that bill and to place it on the table,
or to do anything else with it which takes it out
of the reach of both Houses, by the concurrent
action of their committees, is certainly a most ex-
traordinary event in the history of legislation. I
think there is no difficulty in getting over this
point, and it may be done by recommitting the •
report to our committee of conference, and let the *
committees notify each other, and meet again, and
get possession of that bill. That they can do.
They have a right to the possession of the bill.
It is not in the power of either House to take it
out of their possession. It is as much in the pos-
session of our committee, for the purpose of dis-
posing of the conference, as itis theirs. Ofcourse,
under the parliamentary law, it belongs in the
first instance, for the purpose of making a report
on it, to the House thatasked the conference; but
it does not belong to that House to seize it and
put it beyond the reach of the other House. That
cannot be done.
Now, sir, I think we get out of the difficulty in
the way I propose. When the House come to
see that they have assumed and practiced upon
this most extraordinary and unjustifiable course,
the committee will have the bill. I submit that in
an extreme case, it would be competent for the
committee to take the bill. The action of the
House in laying it on the table goes for nothing.
I want to get at this matter in the most peaceable
manner; but I am prepared to say that, in my
judgment, my duty calls upon me here to-night to
declare that the bill sent here as a new bill cannot
be got along with any further than the rules of
order will coerce it against my judgment. I hope
to agree with the Senate and with all the Senate
on the question; but I cannot consent that the
House of Representatives shall seize a bill while
it is really before a committee of conference, lay
it on the table outright without authority, and
take it out of our reach. In this case it is re-
markable that the House had agreed to a portion
of our amendments by a fair vote of the House,
and they had become a part of the bill; and yet
they proposs now to lay all that on the table, and
to send us a new bill, commencing tie novo where
we begtfh in legislation on this question. That
will never do. I suggest, if the Senate agree with
me, that we had better recommit the report, and
