896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
tims to years of torture and suffering, and finally
to death, for no higher purpose than to gratify
thesordid passions of their individual oppressors.
These wholesale murders are but the outwork-
mgs of that infidelity which denies that God has
endowed ail men with the inalienable righttolive.
The enactments referred to, and their results,
clearly demonstrate the views of those who sus-
tain them, and are laboring in this Hall, and else-
where, to extend them over our Teiritories, and
wherever Congress holds exclusive jurisdiction.
It is most obvious, that while the present Admin-
istration openly lends its influence to such crimes,
every intelligent man who sustains and upholds
its policy, or fails to oppose it so far as able, be-
comes involved in the guilt of the murders which
it sanctions.
But I shall be told that these enactments are
confined to the slave States, and that Congress
holds no power to repeal or modify them. I re-
ply that the people and statesmen of our southern
States insist that slaveholders may carry their
slaves, and all privileges which they hold of flog-
ging and murdering them under State laws, into j
our Territories; and the President, and those who j
sustain him, declare that the Constitution extends j
and protects these crimes wherever Federal author- [
ity exists. They declare that this system of mar- !
der is established by the Federal Constitution, ;
and that neither Congress nor the people of the :
Territories have the right to punish those who ;
perpetrate such crimes under Federal jurisdiction. |
Not content with this avowal of doctrine, how- :
ever, we are at this time sustaining a code of laws !
for the government of this District which holds;
to the blasphemy that men may become the prop- |
erty of their fellow-men—may be boughtand sold j
lite swine. In these, and in a thousand other ■
modes, is the transcendent question of Christian- |
ity, or slaveholding heathenism, made the absorb-
ing political issue in the nation.
But I shall be told that the Supreme Court of
the United States have decided that our fathers
did not intend to avow those self-evident truths
which they solemnly proclaimed; that they really
held to the doctrines of slavery which they did
not avow. Our fathers could no more change
the law of eternal right and wrong than we can.
The ordained will of Heaven has existed through
the eternity of the past, aihJAviil continue through
ail the future. Men may conform to this law, but
they can never modify it or make it conform to
the human will nor to human governments. Our
fathers sought to make no such modification of
the Creator's will.
Had such infidelity characterized their action,
it would have imposed no obligation upon the
present generation to sustain this system of min-
der. They have passed to that tribunal which
will do them justice. They must answer for their
conduct; we milst account to God and posterity
for our own stewardship, and not for theirs. God,
through all his works, in all his laws, by eveiy
revelation to man, has prohibited us from mur-
dering our fellow-beings; and woe to the nation,
to the statesman, the legislator, the despot, the
oligarch, the murderer, who disregards this law
of the Most High! I feel humbled and morti-
fied when 1 see statesmen, ministers, teachers of
religion, m this land of bibles and Sabbaths and
churches, maintain the doctrine that human au-
thority can repeal this law of Heaven. To me, it
is downright blasphemy; derogatory to the char-
acter of the Creator and offensive to the religious
sense of mankind. Yet, this absurdity is the le-
gitimate outworking of that infidelity which de-
nies " that God has endowed all men with inalien-
able rights." If He has endowed our race with
any right whatever, it surely is the right to live.
If this right be denied, no other can be acknowl-
edged. If there be exceptions to this central, this
universal, proposition, that all men, without re-
spect to complexion or condition, hold from the
Creator the right to live, who shall determine
what portion of the community shall be slam ?
And who may perpetrate the murders? The Ex-
ecutive and his supporters say that white men
may murder black men. The blacks deny this;
God and Christianity and nature, and ail reli-
gious, all patriotic, all moral men, deny it.
Yet this denial of the right of men to live, con-
stitutes the mildest and, least offensive phase of
American infidelity. No intelligent person would
desire to have lh© life of his body prolonged fur
the purpose of being subjected to physical torture,
while his intellect shall be paralyzed, his soul en-
shrouded in ignorance, and his moral nature bru-
talized. Therefore the right to enjoy liberty, phys-
ical, moral, civil, and religious, is regarded even
more important than life. Indeed, it is obvious
to every mind that life itself cannot be protected
unless the individual be permitted to support and
defend the physical existence with which God
has endowed him.
Religious and patriotic men regard the body as
merely the temporary habitation of the spirit, the
soul which constitutes theman; to be occupied dur-
ing its infant state of existence, and used for the
purpose of developing the mental facultiesextend-
mg the sphere of thought and elevating his moral
nature, thereby preparing him for a higher and
holier stateof existence. And when thebodyshall
have performed this service, it is laid aside to
molder and return to its mother earth, while the
spirit shall live on and on while God himself ex-
ists. No injury to the body can, therefore, bear
any comparison to the enslavement of the intel-
lect, the degradation of the moral nature of man.
By the established laws of our existence, the
body requires food, raiment, and habitation. To
each individual are given-hmbs to bear him forth
from place to place; hands to cultivate and gather
the fruits of the earth, to feed the body, provide
raiment and habitation for its protection, eyes to
guide him, and ears to detect danger. These arc
all held in subjection to the mind, and are put in
operation by the will of the individual The mind
itself is constrained to action by an inflexible law
which God has ordained for its early unfoldment.
Its first care is to nourish, and feed, and clothe
the body, to render it a comfortable and pleasant
habitation during occupancy. The spirit is con-
strained, in seeking food, to put the limbs, anjl
hands, and all the physical faculties into opera-
tion to satisfy the hunger and thirst of the body,
to provide raiment and habitation for its protec-
tion. That God has endowed each member of
the human family with.the inherent and inalien-
able right to use his own limbs and hands and
bodily faculties for these purposes is, literally, a
" self-evident truth." It is a truth that cannot be
rendered more clear by argument; it cannot be
enforced by logic, or made more beautiful by elo-
quence. But this care of the body constitutes the
first lesson, the lowest exercise of the intellect,
and is introductory to that eternal unfoldment
which was designed by the Creator as the means
of elevating man to higher and still higher happi-
ness; for I lay it down as a religious axiom that in
degree as man becomes wise, just,pure,and truth-
ful, he approximates that happiness which consti-
tutes the ulterior design of his existence.
That God has endowed every human being with
the right thus to enlarge this sphere of thought,
and elevate his moral nature, is so obviously, so
self-cvidently true, that he must indeed be a most
arrant infidel who denies it. It constitutesa part
of the fundamental proposition that "all men are
endowed by theirCreatorwith inalienable rights."
Its cxisience is, however, denied by "American
infidels;" and this constitutes the second issue
between the religious and irreligious portions of
our people. This enslavement of the soul presents
infidelity in its most revolting features. It par-
alyzes the moral nature of man; renders the soul
sterile and unprepared for heaven. We must wait
the day of final retribution to disclose the extent
of its enormities.
Yet the body can only be held in bondage by
enslaving the spirit, by surrounding it with mental
darkness. Permit a man to understand the duties
which he owes to himself, to mankind, and to
God, and he cannot be a slave. Hence, the whole
policy of slaveholding governments is.arranged
and adapted to the purpose of first enslaving the
minds of their bondmen. In most slaveholding
communities it is a statutory offense, punishable
by fine and imprisonment, to teach slaves to read
the gospel. They are not permitted to read the
words of " Him who spake as never man spake;"
who declared His mission on earth ** to proclaim
liberty to the captiveto raise up the bowed down;
enlighten the ignorant; who taught His disciples
and followers " to do unto others as they would
have others do unto them." A distinguished ju-
rist of North Carolina, while discharging official
duties, declared, "a slave is one doomed in his
own person and posterity to live without knoiol-
edge." He is not permitted to understand the
object of human existence. He can have no con-
ception of justice, or wisdom, or purity, or truth.
Slaves can have no conect idea of the duties
which children owe to their parents; nor of those
which are due from parents to children. The
parent is not permitted to teach or govern his
child; nor is the child permitted to honor or obey
his parent.
It follows that the freedom of speech must be
restricted among the free people of slaveholding
communities. The public mind must be enslaved,
in order to maintain the institution. No man is
permitted m slaveholding communities to assert
the doctrines I have referred to. They are not
permitted publicly to utter the truths which lie at
the basis of our Government. The policy of those
communities is to circumscribe human thought,
prevent a knowledge of the duties which men 1
owe to themselves and to their fellow-men. This
policy was for many years enforced in this body.
Members were prohibited from speaking of the
crimes and iniquities of slavery, lest the people
should understand the subject, and refuse to sus-
tain such infidelity.
The right of legal marriage is unknown among
the slaves. They are not permitted to understand
the relation nor the duties of husband and wife.
The master sells him who is called husband, or
her who calls herself wife, while he retains the
other. He sells the parent, and retains the child;
or he sells the child, and retains the parent. These
separations are but the practical workings of that
infidelity which denies to parents and children
those inalienable rights which God and nature
have bestowed upon them.
Slaves can have no proper conception of the
rights of property. Robbed of their own earn-
ings, told they have no claims to the food which
they gather, it were impossible for them to con-
ceive of any such right in others. Nor is it pos-
sible that such a state of society could exist among
our southern population without greatly affecting
the morals of the free people. Indeed, the exist-
ence of three millions of aoives among six mil-
lions of free people must, of necessity, character-
ize the morality of the entire population. One of
the prominent vices of slaveholding communities
is the rapid amalgamation of races. The evidence
of this vice meets the eye of the traveler at every
step in his progress through our southern States.
The legitimate heir of a plantation, on coming
into possession of his estate, often sells the chil-
dren of his father—his brothers and sisters of the
half blood—denying that they " have any rights
which white men are bound to respect." This
infidelity denies the right of six hundred thousand
females of our land to protect their own virtue and
consignsthemtopractical prostitution. Thisstate
of society is but the outworking of that infidelity
which denies the existence of man's inalienable
right to liberty and to moral elevation.
It would be m vain for us to say to the Christ-
ians of Europe, or even the Mohammedans of
Turkey, that religious men of our country support
such a system of pollution. Yet thousands of
church members, in the slave States, impiously
charge Deity with authorizing these crimes, and
sacrilegiously endeavor to pervert the holy Scrip-
tures to the support of this infidelity. Newspapers
professedly religious lend a silent, and some an
active, support to these crimes; while others, even
in our free States, openly oppose and denounce
all who resist the extension, or expose the enor-
mities, of slavery.
The number of heart-broken mothers, and the
torture which they suffer on being separated from
their children, the physical suffering from flog-
gings, thumbscrews, and all the various means of
torture practiced in slaveholdingcommunities, are
matters of which we can speak, but of which we
can form no estimate. This degradation and suf-
fering constitute the legitimate sequence of Amer-
ican infidelity. If these God-given prerogatives
of our race be abandoned, the mother can have no
right to the child of her body; no right to the food
which she gathers by her toil; no right to the in-
tellect which God has given her; no right to be
virtuous, pure, wise, and good; no right to live.
I repeat that the religious men of our nation insist
that these rights of human nature shall be held
sacred, and their enjoyment secured to every in-
dividual; while the supporters of American infi-
delity deny theirexistence, and proclaim the duty
