1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
on such a principle. I think the House have gome
reason in the objection they make. They sent
us an appropriation bill. In one of the last days
of the session we put on that bill legislation, and
legislation of very important character, and legis-
lation that ought to be accompanied by discis-
sion and investigation. We put on it legislation
raising- the rates of postage, a matter that is very
interesting to all the people of this country. We
put on that ordinary appropriation bill legislation
abolishing: a privilege which has existed almost
from the foundation of the Government. We sent
these amendments to them to be acted on in a
moment. The House insist that that is not the
proper place for them, ft is important legislation
—legislation which they have no tirae to consider
properly, and they say that on this appropriation
bill they will not agree to it. They say so by a
very large majority, and they represent the.peo-
ple much more directly, in my judgment, than we
do, and they sent us the bill originally. That is
the theory of our Government, but I will not
make an issue on that. However, they say so,
and they say so by an overwhelming majority of
the House.
We have conceded over and over again, and
the Senator from Michigan has argued it on this
floor many a time, that an appropriation bill, ex-
cept in a case of necessity, is an improper place
to put important legislation upon; and yetin this
bill wc have done that very thing in a most re-
markable and striking manner, which he has con-
tended himself so many times was improper in
itself. Now, can he quarrel with the House for
saying so? The House say nothing more in ref-
erence to the matter. They are not to be pre-
sumed as saying any thing more; they are not to
be presumed as saying they would rather tax the
Treasury a large sum than give up a personal
privilege; but they are to be presumed to say—
what they may with great propriety—that this
legislation, being of very important character,
ought not to be put on this bill. I would rather
give a favorable than unfavorable construction to
their action. Under these circumstances this diffi-
culty arising, and everybody conceding that it is a
difficulty out of which we ought to get if we can,
and as soon as we can, why not take the most
conciliatory course, and request them to appoint
conferees to meet conferees on the part of the
Senate to see how we can get out of it? It is
perfectly respectful, perfectly peaceful, and I hope I
it will be done. \
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not care to do more than ;
state the facts when I made this report, as the or-
gan of the Senate, and I most express my entire j
disapprobation of the speech of the Senator from j
Maine. I think it is duo to the ordinary decency j
of this body and due to the Constitution, that we j
should maintain the rights committed to our hands
by the fundamental law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree to that.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, at no time m the
history of our Government, at no time in the his- ||
tory of any deliberative body, with whose pro-
cce'dmgsJ am acquainted, has such a thing as this j|
ever before been heard of. The Senator from i,
Maine gives us no precedent. The House ofj|
Representatives, in the ordinary course of legisla-
tion, sent us a general appropriation bill,in which
they proposed legislation, taking '^3,500,0o0 out
of the Treasury, without any authority of law
on earth. Talk to me of legislating in appropri-
ation bills, when this very bill, as it came from
the House of Representatives, contained aidis-
tmat item of legislation appropriating $3,o00,000
of the public treasure, not in pursuance of any
previous law, for there was none, but to supply
whatever deficiency there might be in carrying oil
the Post Office Department. There was no law tor
it, but it was legislation against the fundamental
principles of the Government and its practice and
policy for sixty years. That policy had been to
make the Post Office Department support itself. :
The House of Representatives did not provide 111 j
tiie bill for the deficiency in this service in the or- ;
dinaiy way, but they took $3,500,000 out of the :
Treasury by independent legislation. Now.itis ;
vain to talk about legislating on appropriation |
bills The Senate put a job of $j00,0G0 on one, ;
and the other House gulped that down without a :
wry face, because it was a printing job. dhere ;
was 110 law for that. The Senator from Maine j
did not complain of it. I rather tlunkhebackedit. i
Mr. FESSENDEN- I do not know to what
the Senator refers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I mean the continuation of the
State Papers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that on the Post Office
bill?
Mr. TOOMBS. No; but on one of the appro-
priation bills
Mr. FESSENDEN'. I voted against it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought you were for it. I
know there was a very great majority for it—two
to one—and I was rather addressing the majority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted against it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
but there has not been an appropriation bill passed
this session without independent legislation, and
there never has been one since, I have been a mem-
ber of either branch of Congress. That has be-
come the universal rule—the universal policy of
the Government. The very reduction of postage,
of which we complain, took place- on the Post
Office appropriation bill. We propose to raise the
rates of postage just as they were reduced; and
so we are following the precedents on this very
point; and this talk of legislation on mere appro-
priation bills is a mere pretense. The committee
of the Senate told the committee of the House
that, in our opinion, the Post Office establishment
should maintain itself; that when the three-cent
rate was adopted, it was on the foolish calcula-
tion that it would bring revenue enough to sup-
port the Department. Experience has shown
that to be false, and therefore we propose now to
go back where we'started. The other House said
they would not do'it. There were three or four
amendments, and your committee offered to the
committee of the other House that we would
abandon all our amendments if they would give
up the right of filling up the public mails with
their franks. I am willing to meet them before
the American people on that point. When the
public Treasury is charged $(),000,000 for the Post
Office establishment, ought we not to do some-
thing; and what so appropriate "as to relieve the
public, so far as we ourselves are concerned ? I
was willing to leave the other House the privilege
of using their franks, the privilege of putting this
additional weight on the mails, if they would al-
low this body to relieve the public from the bur-
den of their franks; but they would not do that.
I wanted to put our proposition in writing, and
report the facts; but they would not agree to that.
They took the bill back to their own Hall, laid it
on the table, and sent lis another bill.
i Senators, are you ready to maintain the Con- j
stitution, and your rights and your duties under i
it? or have you become incapable of exercising )
those high constitutional powers committed to j
you by your fathers, committed to you by the j
sovereign people of your States? Are you ready j
to surrender those rights to whoever will ask for
them? If you are, then, rather than see this Gov-
ernment broken down for such a cause, I could
wish to God another Cromwell would come and
tell you, " away with that bauble I"
What legislation did we propose on this bill?
Was it to increase the burdens of the people of
this great Republic ? No; it was to lessen them.
Was it to take to ourselves a privilege? No; it
was to abandon it. The poor boon asked by this j
body of surrendering their privilege of franking, i
which is an onerous burden to the people, is de- |
nied by the House of Representatives. They not j
only grasp theirown privilege, with atenacity for ;
which I desire to hold them to account before the I
freemen of this country, and on which I am will- ]
ing to meet them anywhere, but they will not let ;
you do it, because they do not like the discrimin- I
ation. To get-i'id of the bill, instead of, accord- I
ing to parliamentary law, with manly firmness-;
adhering to their position, they sneak off and lay
the bill on the table, and send you a fresh one. j
That is the course of the House of Representa- j
tives. They would not say that they adhered to ;
i their disagreement because we brought them to ,
j the naked point; but they thought they would j
I sham it and give us a clean bill; a clean bill—only ;
1 taking from the public Treasury ten millions of j
' money, and they ask us to spare them, oh spare I
j their rights and privileges; let them put their cor-
| respondence as a burden on the people of the '
: country, no matter what it costs the public. Then,;
' a amst the usage, against parliamentary law,_.
against precedent, against practice, in defiance ol ;
your rights, in derogation of your duty, you are
called upon to surrender these high privileges ta
a coordinate branch. As God lives, I will never
do it by. any vote of mine.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow '
me to say a few words in reply to the Senator
from Georgia ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have to,
state, in reply to the.Senator from Georgia, that
what I said in reference to legislation was to be
taken in the ordinary sense' in which that term is
used here. The House of Representatives sent
us an appropriation bill, making appropriations
to enable the Postmaster General to execute the
laws with regard to the Post Office Department
under his charge. I do not know that there was
any other legislation on it. I am not aware that
it contained any legislation on general subjects.
If the bill did anything more than execute the
laws as they existed, I suppose the Senator from
Georgia can specify what further it did.
Mr. TOOMBS. It contained legislation to the
amount of $3,500,000.
Mr. FEStJENDEN. I do not know ho.w that
was. What was it for?
Mr. COLLAMER. That was only to supply
deficiencies in the postages.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed, by the
Senator from Vermont that that provision was, in
fact, to carry out the existing laws; because it was
only a provision that, in case the postages did not
amount to enough to execute those laws, the de-
ficiency should be taken from the Treasury. Then
the whole bill did nothing but make appropriations
to carry out existing laws; and in that sense I
spoke of it. I have not been one of those who
have complained very much of putting legislation
on appropriation bills m regard to subjects not
applicable to those bills. That has been no com-
plaint of mine, nor has it been of the Senator from
Michigan; but 1 believe it has been very frequently
of the Senator from Georgia. It is very well known
that the other House, at this Congress, have been
somewhat sensitive on this subject: thejr have
objected, and objected strongly, to legislation on
appropriation bills. I was commenting on their
course; and I went no further than to say that,
when the House of Representatives acted upon a
subject of that kind, instead of being presumed to
act from mean motives, and to be sneaks, as the ^
Senator from Georgia calls them, in not a very 0
parliamentary mode I must say, it was just as
well to take it for granted thata coordinate branch
of the Legislature acts from good motives, and on
good and sufficient grounds, as from mean mo-
tives,and grounds that cannot be sustained. The
Senator from Georgia talks about our high priv-
ileges under the Constitution. I value them as
highly as he does, or as any other man does; but
have not the HouseofRepresentatives their rights
and their privileges, too? Are they not a coor-
dinate branch of the Legislature with us?
Mr. TOOMBS. They are equals; no more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. why, then, may they not
assert their rights as well as we assert ours? We
have equal rights; no more than they. We are
elected for a httle longer time, but that does not
make us any better men or give us any higher
rights. Now, what 1 complain of with reference
to this matter, is. that simply because the Senate
cannot carry its own points, feeling should arise
here against the House of Representatives. Why
should not they complain of us when we do not
agree to some amendments which they make to
bills5 Why do they not say " we do not allow
the Senate to dictate to us about our amend-
ments ?" We do not hear any such language from
the other House that I know of; I never heard of
their using it; and if they had used it, I should
consider it wholly out of the ordinary course of
things.
I ask again, why should we, because the House
of Representatives do not choose to agree to some
amendments of ours, impute mean motives to
them, and use language which is calculated to
excite them still more; which is calculated to pro-
duce the very effect we deprecate, and to result in
the loss of an important bill simply for the reason
that they act upon principles which they value,
from motives that are sufficient to them ? andthey
have a right to be presumed to be quite as honest
men aa we are, and to have the good of the coun-
