THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1858.
New Series. .. .ISo. 57.
of human governments to disregard them; and
each party will, of course, carry their views into
all their moral, social, and political conduct. Mr.
0 Jefferson well exclaimed: " Can the liberties of a
nation be thought secure ivhen we have destroyed their
only firm basUt a conviction in the minds of the
people that they are the gifts of God ?—that thet
are not to be violated but with HlS wrath ?"
I now pass to the third important issue—the
right of all men to enjoy happiness. I need not
repeat that the ultimate beatitude of the race con-
stituted the evident design of Deity in creating
mankind. Such I understand to be the instinct-
ive conviction of all men. This purpose, this
hope, this intuition, is found in every human
heart. Men in all ages, in all countries, of all
languages, have regarded this as the ultimate ob-
ject of their toils and labors, the great design of
their existence. This beatitude can only be at-
tained by moral culture; by extending the sphere
of thought; by understanding the laws of nature,
^ and of nature's God; by attaining a knowledge
of His attributes, and conforming to them. To
be wise, truthful, pure, and just, is to insure hap-
piness in this life, and in the life to come; and it
is a most beautiful feature in the law ofour being,
that to attain this happiness ourselves, we must
respect the right of others to enjoy it; that, as
we elevate our own moral natures we necessarily
influence others; and as we labor for the welfare
and the happiness of others, we most rapidly
promote our own. The religious man delights
in doing good; he seeks to instruct the ignorant,
to elevate the degraded, to relieve the oppressed,
to enlighten those who sit in moral darkness, to
give to all that elevation of soul which alone can
qualify them for happiness. For this purpose
schools and academies are established, colleges
are founded, tract and Bible and missionary so-
cieties are organized, teachers and ministers are
employed; indeed, this work of elevating our
race constitutes the highest and holiest employ-
ment of mankind. For success in this work,
prayer is daily made at every family altar; and on
the Sabbath our pulpits resound with the solemn,
fervent supplication, that God will aid thiswork;
that He will, by the irresistible power of His
grace, convert the irreligious, enlighten those
whose minds aie enshrouded in the dtukness of
infidelity; that He will relieve the oppressed, com-
fort the alilicted, and hasten the day when all shall
know His will, obey His law, and enjoy His ap-
proving smiles.
The infidelity which denies the right of men to
attain happiness, that dooms a portion of our race
to degradation and torture, to vice and crime and
misery, which shuts out hope from the human
soul, shocks the conscience and awakens the sen-
sibilities of all religious men.
While Government legislates for the protection
of these natural, these God-given rights, they
will receive the approval, the support, of all good
men, and their laws will be respected and obeyed;
but when they legislate for the invasion of these
rights, they call up the hostility, the resistance
of those whom they seek to oppress. The just
and wise and pure of all parties, sects, and de-
nominations, feel the outrage and sympathize* with
the down-trodden. The great heart of Christen-
dom now beats in sympathy with the enslaved of
our kind. We feel that sympathy in this Hall;
and when we speak for justice and for freedom,
we uttei the voice of nature; we proclaim the law
of Heaven, written in letters of living light upon
the tablet of the moral universe. The curse of f he
Almighty against oppression is equally mani-
festedin the moral and physical condition of every
slaveholdmg community.
The difficulties respecting Kansas, which now
shake our Union to its very center, constitute the
legitimate outworkmgs of this infidelity. The
right of ail men in Kansas to live, to nourish and
protect life, attain moral elevation and happhiess,
had been asserted by congressional law; and un-
der this enactment peace blessed our nation. In-
fidels, however, said this was wrong; that such
57
rights did not pertain to man; that one portion of
the people there hold the power, and may if they
choose rightfully enslave another, rob them of their
toil, their intelligence, their hopes, their man-
hood, and murder them if they refuse to obey their
masters. And this law of liberty was repealed,
and men were Enslaved, brutalized, sold like
swine. The public conscience was outraged, and
all good men sympathized with the oppressed.
Usurpation and brute force were resortecTto for
the purpose of extending and supporting slavery;
civil war, devastation and bloodshed followed, and
will continue until justice be done, and the rights
of human nature enjoyed in that unfortunate Ter-
ritory.
This line of demarkation, which separates the
natural rights of all men from human legislation,
was clearly drawn by the founders of our Repub-
lic. They established the point at which the ap*
propriate, the just power^of all human govern-
ments commence, whatever may be their form.
They defined the boundaries of humanauthonty;
they acknowledged God as the authorof life,the
donor of liberty, the fountain from which human
happiness is derived. On the denial of these re-
ligious, the.se self-evident truths, American sla-
very is founded. The slaveholder denies the right
of his slave to cherish and project his own life,
to gain intelligence, to unfold his moral nature, to
understand God's attributes,and enjoy that hap-
piness for which he wascreated. To those primal
truths he is infidel. To the rights of his fellow-
mortal he is infidel. To God's higher law he is
infidel. Against these he wages unceasing war.
He seeks to rob Deity of His attributes, and man
of his God-given prerogatives. He claims for i
human^egislation that supreme sovereignty over
the life, the liberty, and the happiness of man-
kind, which belongs only to tho Creator. He
thus places himself in hostility to Christianity, to
civilization.
This contest is not confined to the United States.
These truths are operating upon the hearts of the
Russian people. TheirGovermnentisin advance
of ours. Measures have already been taken for
the emancipation of the serfs of that vast Empire,
although their condition is far better than that of
American slaves. Holland is also moved by these
doctrines, and is giving freedom to her oppressed
people in her West India islands. England and
France have abolished slavery, regarding it as an
institution unsuited to the age in which we live.
We assert the rights of man wherever ho exists.
Ours is the cause of Christian civilization through-
out the world. Our doctrines apply with equal
force to other Governments, to other nations a-nd
people. The most illustrious monarch who sways
the scepter of human power is really as much
bound to respect the inalienable risrhts of every
individual as is the President of the United States.
Kings, potentates, and emperors, become despots
whenever they invade the rights of the most
humble to life, liberty, property, or happiness;
kings, potentates, or emperors, who deny the
• existence of those rights, are as really infidels as
! are the slaveholders of our Government.
! The mere name of u republicanism" gives us
| no claim to respect, so long as one sixth part of
] our population is held in degrading bondage. I
i assert, without fear of contiadiction, that if the
i liberty enjoyed by one portion, of our people, and
' the slavery suffered by the other, could be brought
| into common stock, and each individual con-
! strained to take hi-? aliquot proportion of each,
! ours would be regarded as the most perfect des-
| potism among civilized nations. The only ad~
! vantage which we possess over other nations con-
i sists in that feature of our Government which
' vests all political power in the people. Theymay,
; by use of the ballot-box, so modify and shape the
administration of Government as best to secure
| the inalienable rights of each and of every indi-
! vidual. ^ /-iii
It is with emotions of gratitude to God, and
profound respect for the memory of those who
established our Republic, that we refer to the pe-
riod when, at the very font of our national'bap-
tism, our fathers vindicated their claims to national
independence, solely upon the religious truths
which constitute the central proposition referred
to at the commencement of my remarks. They
claimed for themselves no special privileges. They
spoke, they fought, they bled to establish this
universal, this eternal principle of man's inalien-
able right to live, to nourish his body, protect his
life, to elevate his moral nature, and attain hap-
piness. This they proclaimed the basis, the cor-
ner stone, not merely of our Republic, but 6f
human Governments generally. The Constitution
was framed and adopted upon this then univer-
sally admitted principle; but such was the anx-
ious solicitude of our early patriots that, in two
years after its adoption, it was amended, by de-
claring in explicit language: " That no person shall
be deprived of life, liberty, or property, except by due
process of law;" that is, except on trial and^con-
viction before some judicial tribunal. In accord-
ance with these truths one half of the States of
our Union proceeded to give liberty to all their
people, to protect the inalienable rights of all;
but the other States embraced and cherished this
infidelity which at length infused itself into our
Federal Government, and spread among all classe's
of our people. Our teachers, our politicians, out
statesmen, became unwilling to offend those who
had embraced this infidelity. They were received
into churches, elected to civil office, and finally
obtained control of the Government. 'All classe's
of men became affected by this disbelief in God*5
law and in human rights. It was regarded as
disreputable to examine the crimes which this
system of oppiession upheld; social and political
ostracism awaited the man who dared speak dis-
respectfully of its iniquities.
Eventually individuals appeared who were will-
ing to encounter odium in order to arouse the re-
ligious and moral sensibilities of the nation, arid
in 1856, a national convention met at Philadel-
phia to devise mean^for overcoming this moral
and political scourge. It embraced as great ade-
gree of talent, as much moral and religious worth,
as sreat political intelligence, as any that ever con-
vened upon the American continent. The mem-
bers pledged themselves to each other and to the
world, to maintain the truths to which I have al-
luded. These truths now constitute the platform
of a large and increasing party.
That day was the dawning of a reformation
more deep, more radical, more important in its
religious, its moral, its social and political effects
upon mankind, than has occurred since the six-
teenth century. It is more deep and radical than
that commenced by Calvin and his colaborers. It
asserts the right of man to religious and moral
elevation as superior to the just power of kings
or potentates or of human Governments. The
great reformers of that age dared putforth no such
doctrine. Their lives would have constituted the
price of such an avowal. They were constrained
to admit the divine right of kings ovor the liber-
ties of their people, and many of the usurped
powers of the church.
The Philadelphia convention will be remem-
bered in coming time as first in the history of the
political parties of our nation to make religious
truths the basis of its political action, and first to
proclaim these rights of mankind as universal, to
be enjoyed equally, by princes and people, by
rulers and the mosthumble. It was the firstto pro-
claim the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man. The result of the presidential election of
1856 showed the advocates of oppression that
there was but one alternative for them to pursue.
They were constrained to take distinct issue with
the advocates of liberty by denying these religious
truths, or dssband their party in every freeState.
I The Supreme Court was selected as the instru-
| mPnt for officially avowing this undisguised infi-
j delity. That tribunal was favorably constituted
' for such a purpose; a majority of its members
j were slaveholders. Other members had been
| appointed to office apparently on account of their
