898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
uniform servility to the slave power; and every
circumstance combined to render it the appropri-
ate instrument for performing this work. The
time, too, was a matter of importance. No sooner
had the Thirty-Fourth Congress adjourned, than
a majority of that tribunal, m violation of its own
declared rules, digressed from the question before
them, to utter its denial of those doctrines of the
republican fathers.
But this decision, opposed as it is to the self-
evident truths of our Declaration of Independence,
to the letter and spirit of the Constitution, to the
intelligence and conscience of the American peo-
ple, is emphatically repudiated by them. The
vanity and arrogance exhibited by a majority of
the court in charging Hancock and Adams and
Jefferson and Franklin, and their illustrious com-
peers, with proclaiming doctrines which they did
not intend to express, and of failing to utter prin-
ciples which they intended to avow, has called
forth from the popular mind indignant pity for the
court, rather than doubts as to the intelligence and
Christianity of those savans who founded our in-
stitutions.
I shall not argue the absurdity of this decision.
Its falsehood is as self-evident as the truths which
it denies. Arriving at the conclusion thatthe dis-
tinguished sages who signed our Declaration of
Independence meant precisely the opposite of that
which they solemnly proclaimed, the court pro-
ceeded to declare—in contradiction to the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, to the history of
the age, to the conscience and judgment of all
Christian people—tlfat black men were regarded
as having no rights which white men were bound
to respect; and on this basis founded their conclu-
sion that Congress holds no constitutional author-
ity to protect the lives, liberties, and property of
the people in our Territories where it holds exclu-
sivejurisdi'ction. Thisatrociousdecision attempts
to outlaw one fourth part of the human race; to
place them without the pale of legal protection; it
affects to authorize any and every crime to be per-
petrated againstthem> Under this decision they
may be robbed and murdered; their females vio-
lated and murdered with impunity; in short, this
decision would extend Ameiican infidelity, with
all its attendant crimes, wherever Federal juris-
diction exists. Thus has the issue been made I
between the religious portion of the community
and those who maintain this heathenism. This
issue involved the entire American people. All
denominations of men are now constrained to cast
their influence on one side or the other. To sit
silent, would merely aid the cause ofmfidelity and
despotism. He who refuses to act, by such refusal,
casts half his influence in favor of the crimes which
I have enumerated. The functions of our Gov-
ernment for the time being, are prostituted to
sustain and extend this infidelity. The Prophet
of Mecca, nor his followers, ever sanctioned doc-
trines so barbarous as those which now rule the
Administration of our Government. The Turk
will be constrained to unite with the Christian in
the maintenance of those rights which are sanc-
tioned by the religion of Mohammed, as well as of
Christ. Civilized and semi-civilized nations must
feel a common interest in the overthrow of this
infidelity, which aims a fatal blow at human rights,
wherever the image of God is found.
I greatly rejoice that Christians in Europe are
sensible of the existenceof this war upon human
nature. American Christians, patriots, and phi-
lanthropists feel the warmest gratitude toward the
religious men of Scotland, of England, of France,
and Germany for the kind sympathy which they
express in this cause, for the very catholic re-
monstrances which they have addressed to our
American Christians against this infidelity. Every
lover of truth, every religious heart in our land,
must have glowed with gratitude to God and love
to man, as he read the eloquent and tiuthful ad-
dress of the Christians of Geneva, once the home
of Europe's great Reformer, to the Christians of
the United States on this subject. And whose
heart was not moved when noticing the action of
the Protestants of France in relation to it? Nor j
is this Christian feeling confined to Protestants. -
The African institute of Paris, formed for the pur- j
pose of maintaining the rights of the African race, j
embraces among its members distinguished lay- !
men. ministers,bishops, and archbishops, belong- j
ingtotkc Papal Church. My own humble efforts :
in behalf of our common brotherhood, caused
my name to become known to its directors, who
placed it on the roll of its honorary members. I
take this occasion to thank them for this honor.
A Protestant by education, by feeling, I greet
those Catholic Christians most cordially as good
and worthy laborers in this holy work. Heartily
do I thank them for all that they have done, and
are yet doing, for the down-trodden of our race.
Could I hope that my remaiks would nvet the
eye of British ministers, 1 would m an os]>ccial
manner.invokc their official influence against this
infidelity. I would beseech them no more to sanc-
tion, by their action, that blasphemy which seeks
to transform the image of God into property; which
degrades man, with his undying aspirations, his
eternal destiny, to the level of the brute.
I acknowledge that our Government was dis-
honored in the eyes of all Christians, when its
Executive became the agent and solicitor of those
pirates who claimed to own the fathers, the
mothers, and children on board, certain slave
ships wrecked on British islands, where, thanks
to Christian civilization, no slavery exists. The
President, espousing the cause of men who de-
served the. halter and the gallows, demanded com-
pensation fi'om the British Government for their
loss of human flesh. *Our representative at the
court of St. James appears to have misled and
deceived the British ministry. In one of his offi-
cial communications he declared that, " our Gov-
ernment had determined more than once, in the
most solemn manner, that slaves killed in the pub-
lic service of the United States, even in a state of
war, were to be legarded as propei ty, and not as
persons, and the Government held responsible for
their value."
When referring to this assertion of ourminister
fifteen years since, I pronounced it unfounded and
untrue.• I said this in the presence of the delega-
tion from Virginia, the State of which our minis-
ter, Mr. Stevenson, was a citizen, and 1 called on
them, as his friends, to sustain his assertion by
showing some one instance in which this govern-
ment had paid fir slaves killed in the public ser-
vice. I declared the whole history of Congicss
showed that we had in every instance refused such
payment, and I defied them to show an exception
to such practice. No man met the challenge. I
now repeat the assertion. I pronounce the state-
ment of Mr. Stevenson untrue, a libel upon our
Government, and a slander upon the American
people. I not only declare his assertion untrue,
but I declare the opposite to be true. The British
ministry, by complying with this demand, tacitly
admitted that phase of American infidelity which
seeks to degrade the human soul to the level of
swine. Moie recently they paid the slave-dealers
the estimated value of the fathers, mothers, and
children, on board the Creole, who obtained their
own liberty by gallantly taking possession of the
vessel and landing on British soil.
The money—the dollars and cents—arc of no
importance; but concessions to this infidelity, at
the present time, are important. It was an object
with the slave power to obtain from the British
ministry the admission that men are property. I
would entreat the British Government, and all
other Governments, to maintain the dignity of
our common nature. In the language of one of
the most eloquent of England's orator?!, I would
say, He who gave us the forms demands that
we shall maintain the rights of men." The Chris-
tians of the United States and of other nations
would rejoice to learn that the Biitish ministry
now, as in 1820, refuse even to correspond with-
our Executive on the subject of property in hu-
man flesh.
i would also warn the Spanish Crown and other
continental Poweis, that our present Executive is
seeking, by all the various means and arts of di-
plomacy, to detach Cuba from its allegiance, to
annex it to the United States in order to increase
the influence of the slave power, and add strength
to this American infidelity.
I hope and trust that this conspiracy may he
defeated; that all Christian Governments may
exert their power against the further extension
of this scourge of our race. I would most earn-
estly invoke the Chnsiians, philanthropists, and
patriots of this and of every nation and kindred
and language, to exeit their moral influence, their
legitimate powers, for the overthrow, the final
eradication of this infidelity from the earth, for
upholding the natural, Heaven-endowed rights of
man, for the progress, the moral elevation of our
race, until all shall undeistand the will and obey
the laws of our common Father, and attain that
happiness which constitutes the ultimate object
of human existence.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor;butyielded to
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, de-
bate is not limited, and the gendeman from Vir-
ginia, who has the floor, is willing that I ,shall ^
press the pending bill to its passage to-night
provided it is the understanding he shall have the
floor on the next bill taken up in committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to submit
somfi remarks on the piesent bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr.Chairman, I desire toad-
dress the committee on matters which have been
debated before it by gentlemen on both sides of
the House. At this late hour, and under the cir-
cumstances, I do not caie to go on now. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania tells us that he is de-
sirous of having action on the pending bill this
evening, and I am perfectly willing to ^ield for
that purpose, with the understanding thatrl shall
be entitled to my hour on the next bill which will
come up for consideration in the committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The appeal I have
to make is similar to the one I made a short time ^
ago. It is very important that this bill should
pa^s immediately. It appropriates $393,000 in
fulfillmontof the treaty between theUnited States
and Denmark, the ratifications of which have been
exchanged. The bill is not susceptible of amend-.
mem unless the House designs refusing to pay
money agreed to be paid by the treaty-making
power of this Government. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House with
the recommendation that it pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to submit £C
few remarks on the question. I will not occupy
five minutes. 1 do not care to go on now and I
am willing that the committee should rise with a
view to an adjournment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man fiom Vnginia be content to take five minutes
in the House ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I will take
it in committee. ["Goon! goon!"] My pur- -
pose is not to delay action upon this bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I rise to a question of order.
There is no amendment pending, and debate is
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Remarks are not in order
unless to an amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, if it is ne-
cessary to have an amendment pending, I move
to strike out $350,000 of the appropriation m the
bill.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, in the few remarks he mode
upon this subject when the question was whether
we should take up the bill, laid down a doctrine
which I cannot approve, and in reference to which
1 wish to say a word. He assumed that as this
bill was the result of the treaty-making power,
it was the duty of this House, as a matter of
course, and w thout consideration, to appropriate
the money called for by the bill. Sir, it is against
thatdoctimo that i enter my protest.
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. I must insist that
my friend from Virginia confine his remarks to
the amendment, unless he will allow me to say
that he misunderstood me if he understood me
to deny the power of this House to the extent
that he represents. I will remind the gentleman
that in a speech 1 delivered some three or four
years ago, upon the bill to cat ry out the Mexican
treaty, I took the same ground that ! have taken
to-day. i urged that as it was a bill to carry out
a treaty stipulation, unless there was objection to
the l)ill, the House should act speedily upon it.
I did not mean to say that if the gentleman from
Vnginia had serious objection to the bill he had
not the right to delay it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman says
that he uttered the same sentiments three or four
years ago. Three or four yeats ago ! Is that to
be regarded as settling the stale of the gentleman's
opinion now r Look around this House. Are the
sentiments of gentlemen to-day the same that they ___
were three or lour years ago? I mean no disre-
spect, of course.
