1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5.
annual appropriation bill for the year commencing |
1st July next, and terminating the 30th of June, .
1859. Where else were we to pat this item? j
Could we comc here and say that it was a defi- ;
ciency, when, at the same time the deficiency bill {
was up, not even the amount of the purchase was 1
known, when the articles themselves were not ;
obtained, nor the pjiccs ascertained ? How was it
to be done? When the gentleman undertakes to
arraign the Committee of Ways and Means on
this subject, will he be good enough to explain to
us how the Committee of Ways and Means could
have a knowledge of the liabilities, when the
Clerk of the House had not made his purchases
under the order of the House? How was it to
be done ?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman, j
I take it for granted that the whole financial pol- !
icy of the Government goes upon the idea that the j
various officers of the Government are to antici- ]
pate what will be the necessary expenditures of j
the coming year in the various departments of the :
Government, and they are to make their calcula- \
tions of what their contracts for the coming year |
will be, and to conform their estimates to those ;
calculations, and then to regulate their exnendi- |
tures accordingly.
Mr. LETCHER. If that be so, will the %en- 1
tleman undertake to tell me how the Clerk of the ;
last Congress could know that this Hall would be j
occupied tins session, and how the Clerk of the j
Senate could have known that the new Senate Hall j
would not be occupied this session*
Mr. STAN TON. I take itforgianted he could
have got the information from the architect. Itna 1
his business to know when the Hail would be i
ready for occupation. !
Mr. LETCHER. The occupation of the Hall
depended upon the action of the House alone. The
Clerk could not move us here, nor could he fur-
nish the Hall without the order of the House. Wc
could not come here until the House resolved to
come; and when we did resolve to come, great
doubt was expressed as to the propriety and safety
of doing so m the unfinished slate of the Hall.
Mr. STANTON. Upon what auUioiiLy did the
former Cleik, Mr. Culiom, order the furniture for
this Hdllr
Mr. LETCHER. Upon such authority ?s
Captain Mci^a iVrnished.
Mr. STANTON. "We have been m this Hall
since December last. Could not the Clerk, before
the deficiency bill was reported, have made the
estimates ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, he could not; and
simply because the Hall <s not furnished yet. ;
You cannot toil now what is to be proem jd for the ;
purpose of completing the furmtiue necessary to
fill up this building. Even now the floors are
not laid. They air pro,messing; and because the
Clerk could not ascertain that, thy gentleman
arraigns the committee for not knowing what
God Almighty alone, in his foreknowledge, could
know.
Mr. STANTON. H<nv does the Secretary of
War know what supplies the Army will need for
the oominir year:
Mr. LETCHER. For the simple mid plain rea-
son that he knows what nunihei of nvn consti-
tute the Army, what number of oincers there ore,
what quality and quantity of clothing is required
for each of thun, the number of ivUons, and all
the various oilier articles i-xj'urcd. There is a
fixed number g-ivcn, upon which to make the cal-
culation. ijU 11.5 tliei e anything fixed here? There
is nothing of that sort.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my amendment
if there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of T^nn^ssee. I renew the amend-
ment. I understand my frit nd from Virginia to
say that $3'J}0'jQ was to pay fur furmmrc pur-
chased by the late Clerk. The item reads, i be-
lieve, " For fuomturo ior Speaker's room, com- 1
mittee moms Clfrk's office, Serjeant-at-Arms'
office, retning room, &c., $00,000!" Ntjiher the
Serjeant-at-Arms' room, noi the returns: room,
were finisln d when we moved into this Hall; and
not for some time afterwards. I may be mistaken;
but i have 'v-en under the impression that the
present Ci^rk had bought the furniture for the
Speaker's room, the Sar^eant-at-Arms'room,arid
the retiring room. My impulsion upon another
point was, that the different committees, on taking
possession of their respective rooms, had them
furnished according to their own notions. There
ought to be something like a system aboutit; and
it would have been better, perhaps, to have had
a committee, or some person, appointed, to de-
termine what sort of furniture should be placed
m those rooms, and in what maimer they should
be fitted up.
I sec in the report of the late Clerk as to the
manner in which the contingent fund of the House
was disbursed for the last Congress, a charge of
thirty dollars for a mirror for the room of the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Who ordered
it I do not know; but I have never heard of a
meeting of that committee since I have been in
Congress.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman asks who
gave the order to furnish the room of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals ? If the committee
have not met, whose fault is it? It strikes mc that
we sent the subject of the Pacific railroad to that
room to be considered, and we sent the Portland
and Louisville canal down there at the same time.
What the reason is that they have not met to con-
sider these important questions, and presented
their action to this House, I do not know.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to say a word in answer
to the remark oft he gen tleman from Tennessee that
the Committee on Roads and Canals have not met
since he has been in Congress. During the Thir-
ty-Third Congress, I was a member of that com-
mittee, and we did meet repeatedly, and had sun-
dry grave discussions upon important questions
of internal improvements. If the committee has
not met since the gentleman has been placed upon
, the committee, it must be from neglect upon his
j own part. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If they had im-
' portant discussions, they were confined to the
I committee-room.
i Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir; they were brought
1 into this Hou^eandpasseduoon. They reported,
i recoliect, a bill turning over to Illinois what re-
mained of the old national road.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very importmt
| legislation. [Laughter.]
Mr. RITCHIE. And other matters of equal
importance. (Renewed laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. If f understand this matter,
it is precisely as I have stated it heretofore. The
furniture for these rooms to which the gentleman
refus, or a portion of it. was furniture winch was
purchased by the late Clerk of the House; and it
; will be lecollected tiiatthey were to some extent,
I and to a considerable extent, furnished at the time
| wc came into and occupied this Hall. The fur-
nishing has been eomg on since under the direc-
tion of the piesenf Clerk.
Now, as to the gentleman *s ideas of uniformity,
; and as to the procurement of the furniture, I know
i nothing. I know only from what I have heard,
I that the chairmen of the several committees di-
i reotod their rooms to be furnished new, according
! to the practice which has prevailed for a long time,
j Whether that is a wise or good system, or whether
, it would be better to abolish it, are questions which
| would more properly arise at some other time,
! than upon a question of performing contracts al-
! reaoy made.
Mr. JO!SES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
<:en tleman who ordered the furniture for the room
, of the Commute of Ways and Means, and what
it will cost? Was it done by the old Cleik or by
the new one?
: Mr. LETCHER. I imagine it was ordered
by the chairman of our committee. What it will
, cost I do not know. 1 suppose every chairman
| of a comm'ttee hns done the same thing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand there
; is an account lor a book-case for that room, cost-
ing ^00.
Th i question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The amendment of Mr. J. Glancy Jones was
then agreed to.
The Cleik then proceeded with the reading cf
the bill.
M<\ J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
At pas--1 9. line om- handled and ninety, stukc out the
■ iVord> and interim heu thereof the woids" £330."
So that the clause will read:
i For contingent exponas ot the executive office, melud-
| ing stationeiy therefor, §350.
i I send up the letter to be read, which will ex-
■ plain the amendment.
The letter was read, as follows:
Executive Mansion:, maxell 2, 18/>8.
Dear Sir: I l «;g to direct yom attention to the renewal
of the annual appiopriaiion for a steward to thr Piasident's
House, and the messenger to the executive office.
By fiti economical expenditure of the ^unappropriated
last year foi the contingent expenses of the executive of-
fice,"l have remaining m the Treasury nearly one half of
the appropriation, as a balance to be earned over to the
coming year, and tins with a small addition of about three
hundred dollars, which I bog you will consider, will suffice
fur the expenses of the office for the coming year.
Very respectfully, your most obedient,
J. BUCHANAN HENRY,
Private Secretary to th4tPrw>ident.
Hon. J. Glancy Jones,
Chairman Committee JFizi/s and Means.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. J. GrLANCY JONES. I am instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offur the
following amendment:
At the end of lint1 three hundred and ten, strike out "§600,"
and insert in lieu theieof, - $1 ,OOi)," so that the clause will
read: for blank-books, binding, stationery, office furnituie,
cai pet liar, and miscellaneous expenses, in which aie includ-
ed two daily newspapers, $1,000.
The original estimate from the Fifth Auditor's
office was for $],GOO.
The Committee of Ways ancVMeans struek out
$400 of it; but afterwards the Fifth Auditor ad-
dressed a letter to the committee, showing the ne-
cessity for the original appropriation, in order to
complete the work. I send up the letter to be
read.
The letter is as follows:
Treasury Department,
Fifth Auditor's Office, January 27, 1838.
Sir: In the bill which has been reported by your com-
mittee, making approptiations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the year ending
tiif 30th June, 1859,1 peiccive that the &uiu of $600 only is
put down for the contingent e.\pen«eri of this office, instead
of .$•! ,000 a-dced for. [n explanation of the increase over
the mm which wa-s provided by Congress for the present
year, i have the honor to stale that, undei the act of Con-
gicb's of August 18, 1836, "to lesrulato the diplomatic and
con-ular sjftU'ins," the duties of'tlie office have been m-
eiea^ed, lequmncr a laiger outlav in book', blanks, station-
ery, &c , winch His estimated will be covercd by the .$400
meipuce a*ked for. These books ate ail of an expensive
chauietci, requiting punted headings, alphabetical arrange-
ments, and ailing. "In the oigamzation arid perfection of the
consular under the act aforesaid, and the consular
regulations prc^cnbed bvthe President, under that act, it is
a! tea i\ a>eciuwn d that the cost of additional books, forms,
circular?, Matiodery, des-ks, &e., for the year ending De-
cembei 3! ,1307, have reached the sum of two hundred dol-
lais, and upwards, and that when the details of |Jiis system
shall be perfected and matiued, it is estimated that all of
,V200 additional will be requited. In my report of the 5th
November last, to the Scctetaiv of the Treasury, of tiie
opoiatiom of the office for tho fiscal 3, ear ending June 30,
3t\Y7. the meiea^ed duties mentioned are noticed by me m
th.it rcpoi t as follows .
£* Tne fuifhei operations of ihe office under the act have
been to piepare, under the >pecial dneetions of the Secre-
taiy of State, the books and foim> ncce^saiy to the ornan-
lzahon and pci fer t:on of uie >y?tcm pre.seijb<jd by the Pres-
ident, in accordance with the provisions of the said act.
Under this sy-tem the duties of the office have been in-
creased, tequmng the careful attention of the clerks in car-
r\ ins out if- detail, whu'h may be stated, m pait, a* follows :
" Fn*t. IJcGisteunjr all fees collected, accounted for, and
repoitod by consular officers.
j "Second. Itegi->teung all consular receipts and state-
, menN of certiti-ed invoices fcirwaided by the collectors of
: customs to the Secretary of the Tieasury.
"Tnud. Restoring and arranging the statements of the
j rales at which demeoiati'd currency of the countiy 111 which
I the consular ohicer resides is computed in United States or
i Spanish dollar^, or m silver or gold coins of other eoun-
1 trios
! " Fourth. Registering and arranging the monthly report*
j of the tates of exchange pievaihng between the ports or
I places ai wlncli the eon>-!ilar officer is located and London,
Pans, Amsterdam, Ilamhutg. and New Yoik.
| l* Fifth Prenaung ^.tat^tics of the commereinl informa-
; tion m lefevenee not 011 iy to the tiade of the place of the
j residence of t!ie consuku officer, but tiiat of the neighbot-
j 1115 country <u towns with v/luch it may be connected com-
j meicinllv. o,* th?ou-_rh wlncii the merchandise maybe ship-
j ped to tne United Urates.
i k*Si th. Prepauug statk-hes of the ])rices current of the
■ stapb; .11 ticlo.- of loicign pioduction c\ported from the coun-
. t'j I'fthen K'.-uh'nee 10 the United fckate*.
i •' 7'be d''tail of this vysrem, it is expected, will be per-
I fecf-'d and matured on 01 hetore the termination of the
j qunrfr endjne March 31, 1859; and the lesnit^, under the
[ le-peetive heads meniioned. will liien he turnished when
! calied ioi bv the Seeiefaiy •){ tiie fJ,roa^ury.',
; i have the honor to br\ Mr, te--p°ctml,\. -\o-ir obedient,
, servant, MfRRAY McCONNKL. ..fauhtar.
: Hon I Cliwcv Chairman of the Committee nf Ways
and Means, i/)usc Representative}.
'■ The CjUPStion was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I offer the following
amendment:
For balancc due to Dr. John Evans, United States «reolI
1 ogist for Washington and Oregon Territories, on tina-
