THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1858.
New Series....No. 189.
finances of the Government this year, and I do
not think that any man who has paid any atten-
tion to those things has been at ail disappointed
in the estimates and calculations. In all the read-
ing I have given the public documents, I have
never read or heard of such estimates as we have
had made this year from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Some of us said here, a few days ago, that this
bill making a loan of $15,000,000 would not carry
us to the 1st of January. Every man in the
country who devoted any attention to the subject
knew it. The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmons] knew it as well then as he knows it
now. I do not rise at the present moment to de-
bate this question, but to state that when you
have footed- up these estimates and the appropri-
ations of Congress, you will find, sir, that the
Congress of the United States has not appropri-
ated so much money as the Administration de-
manded. They have asked for more than we
have given. Four fifths of the additional appro-
priations the Administration had a right to expect
Congress would appropriate for matters which
were right in themselves. I say four fifths of
those appropriations the Government have antici-
pated.
But with all this, we have not exceeded theap-
_ ropriations they have demanded. Why, sir,,
they demanded five regiments, which would have
cost $5,000,000 annually. They demanded ten
vessels of war. Two million dollars more would
liave been required for that purpose. They de-
manded $2,000,000 for fortifications. I believe
we have given a small amount for that object—
some five or six hundred thousand dollars. We
all know, Mr. President, that the deficiency bill
was pressed through here with all the power of
the Government, and those of us who did notjoin
in its support, no matter to which side we be-
longed , received the censure of the official journal
of the Government.
This is the fact of the matter. T say here to-
night, and I want the country to understand it,
that the Congress of the United States has not
appropriated as much money as this Administra-
tion demanded; that this loan, and all the loans and
all the means to raise money for this Government
is only to~supply the absolute imperative demands
of this Administration, and we shall hold the Ad-
ministration responsible for this entire sum of
money. This is all I wish to say upon the sub-
ject. It is no time for debating it, but I protest
against settling upon this Congress, by the Pres-
ident or anybody else, the responsibility of having
rendered necessary the addition of $5,000,000 to
this loan bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts is mistaken, I think, in regard to the amount
of estimates made by the Administration. The
Administration did not include, m the estimates
for this session, anything for the five regiments.
Those regiments were not raised. It became ne-
cessary, by act of Congress, to authorize them
before they were estimated for. They were not
part of theestimates; norwere there any estimates
made for the ten sloops-of-war. They were not
built, or outhowzed to be built, by Congress.
Mr. WILSON. They were demanded.
Mr. IVERSON. I know they were asked to
be built, but their cost did not form a part of the
dismal estimates.
Now, in relation to the present proposition, I
will simply ipake this remark: it $20,000,000 are
aulhoiizoj to be borrowed, and the appropria-
tions do not require the expenditure, then there
is no harm done. If we only authorize a loan of
$15,000,000, and the appropriations exceed the
amount', then the Government must be embar-
rassed . If, on the other hand, we authorize a loan
of §20,000,000, and the appropriations shall not
reach that sum, then, as a matter of course, the
loan not being calkd tor or demanded, the money
will not be expended. Neither the Secretary of
the Treasury, nor the President, lias any power
to put his hands into the Treasury and take out
money without an appropriation made by Con-
189
gress. There is, therefore, no danger whatever in
authorizing a loan of $20,000,000. No man under-
stands what is or will be appropriated by Con-
gress. The appropriations may exceed much
beyond what gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber seem to anticipate. It is certainly the
safest course to authorize a loan of $20,000,000,
because no harm would come if it should exceed
the amount necessary to be expended.
Mr. SEWARD. It is all very well for Sena-
tors to add $5,000,000 to this bill. I might pos-
sibly, under the circumstances of the case, as it is
shown by the Administration to be imperatively
necessary, agree to it myself. I should be the
more inclined to think I could vote in favor of
such a proposition at the request of the Admin-
istration, if the Administration itself was ingen-
uous in its exposition of the finances, and of its
own action and of Congress. But we are met
here on the last day of the session with a lecture,
and reproved for prodigality, for extravagance
by Congress, from the President of the United
States, and it is followed up by an additional
application for a loan of §5,000,000. That causes
me to review the whole of this subject, and I find
that the'Administration recommended, at the
beginning of the session, provision for five regi-
ments to be added to the standing Army, and for
ten sloops-of-war to be added to the standing Navy
of the United States. Both measures were sub-
mitted with a recommendation to Congress, and
yet for neither did they estimate at all. Their
calculations, therefore, fall short of their own
demands for the public service, as they recom-
mended Congress to provide for it by the immense
amount of these provisions for additions to the
Army and Navy.
Then, again, the Administration recommended
to us, as a sacred duty, in order to maintain na-
tional faith, to pay the Amistad claim, which it
was alleged was due to Spain, which Congress has
made no provision to pay; and I suppose the Ad-
ministration made no estimate for that amount.
We shall have to complain of the Administration
that it has recommended to us appropriations for
which it has not estimated; and we have the merit
of having reduced our appropriations for all these
points within the limits which the Administration
did recommend, and a great many other things of
the same kind.
Then, Mr President, in looking over the action
of this Congress, I have been surprised to see
the unanimity of both Houses in waiving and
postponing large claims. There was a claim of
$347,000, I think it was, that was recommended
to us by the Committee on Military Affairs, to
pay an alleged war debt m Florida. There is a
claim of five, six, or seven million dollars for the
defense of Washington Terntoiyin the Indian
wars, both of which were passed by. Th^re has
been recommended to the consideration of Con-
gress, by a proper committee, the payment of the
bill for indemnity for French spoliations, amount-
ing to $5,000,000, which Congress has omitted
and refused to make any provision for. _ We have
cut down our appropriations. A portion of us
here—that portion witu which I J.ct—have asked
Congress to amend the system for the collection
of the revenue, by the substitution of domestic for
foreign valuation of imports; which was refused
by the friends of the Administration, upon the
ground that its ciTect would be to raise an in-
creased amount of revenue, and, therefore, that
the Senate had no right to make such a bill under
the Constitution. Sir, the Administration might
well have reckoned that we should add to the
appropriations made by Congress the sum of
$565,000 which was necessary, as shown by the
War Department, to preserve bur ports, our piers,
our harbors and our rivers, on the sea-coast and
lakes; and yet Congress, under the pressure of
the Treasury, has declined to make Jiosc appro-
priations.
Now why cannot this Administration be just >
Why can it not be manly and own before the
world that, owing to circumstances beyond its
control and unfoiescen by the financiers here, and
unforeseen throughout the world, there has been
a deficiency in our revenue; that their estimates
were based on anticipations of revenue which
have been disappointed, and they are obliged to
depend for a season upon loans or else replen-
ish the Treasury by the revision of the revenue
laws? Either measures must be introduced for
the revision of those laws, or else it is the inten-
tion to leave time to develop what shall be the
necessary measures finally for the reimbursement
of the loans. I should never have complained a?
the Administration under all the circumstances
of the period if they had done that. I should
never have complained of any deficiency in their
estimates, but I cannot sit here contentedly and
receive lectures from them for misjudgmentor for
extravagance in Congress.
Mr. BROWN. I tnink, Mr. President, it must
be apparent to every one now, that this session
can by no possibility close on Monday. It is ut-
terly out of the question. I do not want to dis-
cuss the proposition under consideration. I am
opposed to it. I do not think it can by any chance
result in any good; and as the session must be
prolonged, and it is now nearly twelve o'clock at
night, I move that the Senate adjourn. [" Oh, no."]
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The Chair will state that the question is on the
first amendment of the House to the amendment
of the Senate to this bill, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messr?. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Clniyman, D;ivis>, Filch. Green, Gwm, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Mason, Reid,
Rice, Sebastian, Slide]!, Stuait, Wright, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Mohtiis. Bell, iiiodeiick, Chandler, Collamer,
Crittenden, Fe-s-ienden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Pugh,
Seward, Simmons, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wilson—2L.
So the amendment of the House to the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is, on the next amendment of the House
changing the rate of interest from five to six per
cent, per annum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope this second amend-
ment will not be acceded to. I think it would be
an equivalent to an increase of this loan for sev-
eral millions beyond the apparent amount.
Mr. HUNTER. I prefer five to six per cent,
myself. I concur in what the Senator from Lou-
isiana has said. I am willing to vote down the
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust it will be voted
down.
The amendment was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER the title of the
bill was amended so as to read: An act to author-
ize a loan not exceeding the sum of §20,000,000.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn. It is very evident that we
can do nothing. We have passed all the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we shall not
adjourn. We can pass a number of private bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. I make the motion.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, result-
ed—yeas 17, nays 29; as follows:
—Messrs- Alien, Benjamin, 13igler, Bright, Brown,
Clav Omgman, Hailan, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Mason, Polk, Slidell, Toombs, Trumbull,
VVri2.it, and Yulcc—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bajard, Boll, Broderiek, Chandler, Col
lamer, Crittenden, Davis. Fcssenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Green, Gwm, Hale, llamini, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Jones, Kennedy, Kn<£, Pugli, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, (Sew-
ard. Simmons, 'Stuart, and Wilson—29.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
: Speaker had signed the following enrolled biils
