1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am an exception
to that rule.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no doubt
the gentleman's whole course is consistent. I
hold, however—and we have very melancholy
evidence of it here—that the sentiments of to-day
do not, by any means, harmonize with the senti-
ments of yesterday. But, without dwelling upon
that branch of the subject, I will simply say that
I r^co^nize it as a clear constitutional right upon
the part of this Mouse, or any oiliui bianeh of
the Government, to exercise an independent con-
sideration of every question requnmg their offi-
cial action. If tho Senate, if the treaty-making;
power, if the judiciary, can get along without the
aid of the other coordinate brandies of the Gov-
ernment, very we'l. They ore supreme within
their respective spheres; but whenever this House
is called upon to cooperate, and without whose
cooperation a measure is inoperative and practi-
cally void, we have the right, under the Constitu-
tion, to exercise as independent a judgment as any
other branch of the Government which calls for
our action. Such was the doctrine I was taught
by Mr. Jefferson,and such I understand to be the
doctrine now.
There is another remark, Mr. Chairman, which
I desire to make. This treaty is the first of a class
which is wholly new in the action of this Gov-
ernment. We have, by this treaty, purchased the
right of Denmark to the navigation of her waters
—a ri^ht which inures to the advantage of one
branch of industry of our people, and the whole
people are called upon to pay tor it.
Independent of that—independent of the ques-
tion of justice and equality, it may be the inau-
guration of a new policy which, once established,
will know no limit and no bounds, except that
found in the limits of the globe itself. If we have
the right to baigam with Denmark for a privilege
which she claims as her own in the use of those
waters, what prevents our making similar treaties
with all the Powers on earth ? Oughtsuch a doc-
trine as that to find favor with the American Con-
gress and the American people?
I make these remarks that it may not be con-
sidered hereafter that this poiicy is inaugurated
now without any objection being made to it upon
the part of any member of Congiess.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hopkins reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
underconsideration,and particularly a bill making 1
appropriations for the current and contingent ex- j
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill- i
ing treaty stipulations with the vanous Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1859; and a I
bill to enable the Piesident of the United States !
to fulfill the stipulationscontained m the third and j
sixth articles of the treaty between the United i
States and the King of Denmark of the llth April, !
1657, for the discontinuance of the Sound dues; ;
and had directed him to report the same to the |
House, with a recommendation that they do j
pass. I
indian appropriation bill.
The question being on ordering the Indian ap-
propriation bill to be engrossed and read a third
time, |
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pie- j
vious question. j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main qut stion oideied. j
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read j
a third time; and being engrossed, it wnsaccoid- j
jngly read the ihnd time. j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre- j
vious question on the passage of the bill. j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
mam question ordered; and under the operation j
thereof, the bill was passed. i
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider ;
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lav the motion to rcconsider on the I
table. " |
The latter motion was agreed to. j
capitalization of sound dues. j
The question now being upon ordering the bill I
to enable the President of the United States to ful-
fill the stipulations contained in the third and sixth
articles of the treaty between the United States
and the King of Denmark, of the llth April, 1857,
for the discontinuance of the Sound dues, to be
engrossed and read the third time,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly lead the third time
Mr. J. GLANCY JOXES demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under the operation
theteof, the bill was passed.
Mr. J . GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UTAH AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
; President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
j I herewith transmit to the House of Representatives the
ropoits of the if ec ies of State, of War, of the Intei ioi,
ami of thf> Attorney General, containing: the information
called for by the i evolution of the Hou>e of the 27th ultimo,
requeuing the I're-uk'tit, it not incompatible with the public
lntcrcfct, to communicate to the iiou-e"of Rcpic^cntaiives
the inhumation winch gave use to the military expeditions
' oidered to Utah Tomtoiy, the uistiuction* to ihe Aimy
; officer? in connection with the same, and all cotte^poml-
encc which has taken place with >aid Aunv^officcr*, with
i Hngliam Vouna: and hn followers, or with others, throwing
j lujht upon the question as to how far <ud P.ngham Young:
and lu-> toIlowiM- are in a>t.ite or'rebellion or resistance to
the Government of the United State-.
; JAMES BUCI1AXAN.
Wvshington City, February 23, 1S58.
| The message was referred to the Committee on
! Territories, and, with the accompanying papers,
| ordered to be printed.
i Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that one thou-
I sand extra copies of the message and accompany-
j ing documents be printed.
| The motion was referied, under the rule, to
! the Committee on Printing.
! G
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
i Mr. FLOPvENCE moved that when the House
1 adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES', of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CURRY called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, withdrew the dc-
1 mand for the yeas and nays, and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
A\ery were appointed.
The Mouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 46.
Mr. WXilTELEY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tile affirmative—yeas 78, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Amhews, Bailwlale, Bingham.
Bishop, BLur, Bii-?, Bowie, Buati, Buthniranie, Burnott,
Burroti'ihf, Ca>e, Ca>kie, Ezia (Jiaik. John 15. Clark. Clay,
Clark B. Cochiane, John Cochrane, Colm. Cornsn^Ciauiu,
Bui ton Ctaiiic, Curtis, Da\ is of Mai\ l.uul, 1* wi- of Indi-
ana, 0 u'n or Iowa, Dimimck. Dodd, Duriec. EdtnuniKon,
Fainsworth. Fcnton, Florence, Gooch, Gr;-«g, Gme-iieck,
Giow, Hawking Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Hofton, Hu:.'itc-<j
Kcllogs. Jacob M. Kunkel. Lamar. Landy. L.iwienoc, Ma
son, Mile-, Edwaid Joy Moiris, N'black, Nichols, Pcvton,
Pmtei, Putvianee, Umtman, tteasan, Rieaud, Rutfin,Rus-
E-ei!, Scales, Singleton. Spinner, Stanton. SteveiiM n. Miles
Tajior, Thomp<on. Hntloiwo d,\Valdron, Watd.Cadwal-
adejr C. \Va-4ibuiu, Israel Washburn, Waikms, White, and
Win-low—78.
—Me«r , Abbott, Av<uy, Bocock, Bravton, Buf-
finron, Bums. Chalice. Cobb, Cockerill, Covode, Curry,
Davis of Mis'i-sippi, Dawes, Dean. Dowdcfi, Foley, Fos-
ter, Gaitroll, Gilmer, Greenwood, Hailan. Houston', How-
ard, Hinier, Jackson, Gooiije W. Jones, J Glancy Jones,
Owen Jone>, Kel-cy, Kilsore, Knapp, Leach, Loiter,Love-
ov. Mauiard, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moigan, Mott,
Oiin, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Ready, Reilly,
Robluns, Royro, SnndidL'c, Henry M. Shaw. James A.
Stewart, G.*orge Tu\ lor, Thayer,Tompkins, Walton, War-
len, Whiteley, and Wortend)ke — 6 .
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
(at twenty minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till Monday,
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 1, 1858.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr Allen, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrcnce of the
Senate: «
A bill (H. R. No. 5) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing 30th June. 1859; and
A bill (H. R. No 271) to enable the President
of the United States to fulfill the treaty stipula-
tions contained in the thi*d and sixth articles of
the treaty between the United States and the King
of Denmark, of the llth of April, 1857, for the
discontinuance of the Sound dues.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bills were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CLAY presented the credentials of Hon.
James Pinckney Henderson, chosen by the Le-
gislature of Texas a Senator to fill the vacancy
occasioned by thedeath of Hon. Thomas J. Rusk,
for the term ending the 3i day of March, 1863;
which were read; and, the oath prescribed by law
having been administered to Mr. Henderson, he
took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the Territory of Wash-
ington, relative to the proclamation of martial law
over the counties of Pierce and Thurston, by
Isaac. I. Stevens, late Governor of that Territory;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and bu
printed.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, in favor of restricting the sale
of the public lands to actual settlers; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, praying for a donation of land to
the Territory of Nebraska to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad fitfm the Missouri river, via the
South Pass, to some point m Washington Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California in favor of the establishment
of a mail route from San Bernardino to Port Yu-
ma, from Marysville to Forest City, from Au-
burn to Nevada City, from Sacramento City to
Cachevillo, from Sacramento City to Stockton,
from Union to Orleans Bar, and from Union to
San Francisco, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Fanny Tyler to a pen-
sion; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions,
He also presented the memorial of James H.
Frost and Eliza A. Johnson, legal representatives
of John A. Frost, deceased, late a boatswain in
the South Sea exploring expedition, praying to
be allowed the extra pay granted to the forward
officers of that expedition; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Afhurs.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Barnstable county, Massachusetts, praying to
be allowed bounty land for military services
durmg the war of 1612; which was referred to tho
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of the
heirs and representatives of Christoval and Mi-
ll guei De Armas, praying for the confirmation of
;] certain land titles; which was referred to the Com-
: mittee on Private Land Claims.
:i' He also presented a memorial of John C. F.
ii Salomon and George W. Morris, inventors and
patentees of certain improvements in the construc-
\, tion and fitting upof sailing vessels and steamers,
by which the perils of oceanic navigation will be
/greatly lessened, praying that an appropriation
j] may be made for a practical test of their intfeac
