1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to amend, by adding
the following as an additional section to the bill:
gEC, —. jirul he it further enacted, That the copiesof the
Congressional Globe and Appendix furnished for the mem-
bers and delegates of the House of Representatives and for
the use of the House library, shall be folded and bound by
the publishers, and delivered to the Clerk of tile House
within ninety days after the adjournment of the session of
Congress, at sixty-three cents per volume.
I presume there will be no objection. It will
be done cheaper than We have had it heretofore,
and in a superior manner.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not know
whether I understand the gentleman's amendment.
Do I understand that it is a redaction of the price
for which this work has heretofore been done ?
Mr. RUFFIN. It is. It will facilitate the con-
venience of members by providing that it shall be
done in ninety days, as well as to secure thflf ex-
ecution of the work in a better manner. This
provides that the price shall be sixty-three cents
per volume. I understand the price heretofore
paid has been seventy-five cents.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I make the same point of
order which was made on the amendment offered
a few minutes ago by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Colfax,] that it is introducing new le-
gislation into an appropriation bill. It proposes
to repeal an existing law, and it certainly must
be out of order in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Louisiana make a point of order upon the amend-
ment?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I do.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that this amend-
ment will save some ten or twelve cents on a vol-
ume, which is an object. There is no law now
regulating the matter, and I think the amendment
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Louisiana insist upon his point of order ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. Does the Chairman rule the
amendment to be in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has expressed
no opinion about it.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Then I insist upon my
point of order.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to concur with the gen-
tleman in his point of order. I want the same rule
applied to this amendment which was applied to
mine.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
iod that the point of order is well taken, and that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill makes
an appropriation for printing this work, and bind-
ing it, but it does not say how it shall be done.
This amendment, I think, is clearly in order, be-
cause it is pertinent and germane to a portion of
the bill. I hope the amendment will be adopted,
because by it you will have the work done quicker,
better, and cheaper.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. On page 6 of this
appropriation bill, provision is made for printing
and binding the Globe. There is no law regulating
the binding, and therefore no price fixed. The
maximum price to be paid is merely named. I
think the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
passed the point in the bill referred to by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and it is not in order
to go back, unless by unanimous consent. The
Chair desires to ask whether there is no law pro-
viding for the binding of this woik?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, there is not, as I
understand. There is an appropriation made for
binding, on the sixth page of the bill, and I de-
sire to make the suggestion, that by general con-
sent we go back and amend that paragraph to
conform with the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to reduce any ex-
pendituie here ?
No objection being made, the following para-
agraph was again brought up for consideration:
" For binding tiventy-four copies of the Congressional
Gloiie and Appendix lor earh member and Delegate of the
second ^e~Hon of llle Thirty-Fifth Congress, $3,097 60:
Provided, That no ereaU'r price shall be paid for the same,
tb.i.i ■ **/'■ 11!y <:<'ht.- lor eUL-h volume or paitactually bound
and delivered."
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to amend so
that the word " seventy" be stricken out, and
" sixty-three" inserted, and to add at the end of
the paragraph the following :
Jind provided further, That the work shall be done by
the pubhsh'-rs of the Globe, and delivered within ninety
days after the adjournment of the session of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. If there be no ob-
jection, I would propose an amendment in line
eight hundre4 and forty-two, which provides that
the compensation of the doorkeeper of the Pres-
ident's House shall be $600; and in the next item,
that.'the compensation of the assistant doorkeeper
shall be §438. Now, I think they both perform
about the same service. I think they are both men
with families, and I do not see why we should
make this difference between them. If there be
no objection, I move to strike out both items,
which are as follows:
" For compensation of the doorkeeper at the President's
House, $800."
" For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper at the
President's House, $438."_
And to ipsert in lieu thereof:
For compensation of the doorkeeper and assistant door-
keeper at the President's House, $1,200.
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding at the-end of the bill the following:
Sec. — Jlnil be it further enacted, That no part of the
amount appropriated by this act for the service of any one
fiscal year shall be used or applied to the services of another
fiscal year, nor be transferred to or used tor any other
branch of expenditure than that for which it is specifically
appropriated. ^
The committee will remember that in the early
part of the session I called the attention of the
House to the fact that in several cases balances
were taken by the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment, which had been appropriated, in specific
terms, for one fiscal year, and applied to another
fiscal year; and, in one case, in defiance of an ex-
press vote of both Houses of Congress. I am told
that it has become an everyday practice to use the
balances of appropriations for one fiscal year for
the services of another fiscal year, and for a dif-
ferent purpose than that for which they were ap-
propriated. I am told that the practice is author-
ized by a law upon your statute-book, passed in
1842. How it came to be passed, I do not know.
It must have been done in some such scene as
this. But, sir, under that law many abuses have
grown up m the Executive Departments of the
Government. The House, upon my motion, some
time ago, ingrafted the same provision upon an-
other bill, which, I understand, the Senate have
stricken out. I desire to make the same amend-
ment now, so that the abuses which have grown
up may be corrected.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. When the gentle-
man first offered his amendment to the consular
and diplomatic bill, upon its face it seemed to me
to be a fair proposition. I think it is now, except
that this is not the time, nor the place, to make
such a provision. The act of 1842, providing for
the transfer of these unexpended balances, is still
in force, and the estimates for the year have been
made upon the supposition that it would still con-
tinue in force. The gentleman from Ohio, there-
fore, will see that, to adopt this provision now,
would require all the estimates for appropriations
to be changed. I think the system he recommends
is a good one, and I will support a bill to make
such a provision for the future, if it is introduced.
But, sir, if the amendment™ now adopted, it
will require a revision of the entire estimates, and
I hope that it will not prevail; but I will go with
the gentleman if he will make it prospective, and
provide that notone dollarshall hereafter be taken
for any purpose other than that for which it was
specifically appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the amend-
ment as it now stands would prevent any money
which has been appropriated for an object, I care
not what, and contemplated to be expended during
the year, for instance, terminating on the 30th of
June, 1858, from being used after the 30th of June,
1858, for the purpose for which it was appropri-
ated.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No, sir; it may be
paid out any year subsequently 
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the amendment be again
read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will see that
I am right. The gentleman is entirely mistaken.
The amendment says expressly that the money
appropriated for one fiscal year shall not be used
for any other fiscal year.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Shall not be used
for the service of another fiscal year; that is, that
money appropriated for 1858 shall not be used for
the service of the Government the year after.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the gentleman
to tell me how we would get along with the ap-
propriations for fortifications and other public
works ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
This amendment proposes to repeal existing law,
and I therefore hold that it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that this provision
has heretofore been inserted in former appropri-
ation bills in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that to adopt the
latter branch of the amendment would be going
far enough at this time; and, as was well remarked
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J.
Glanct Jones,] chairman of the Committee of '
Ways and Means, I think the committee have no
idea of adopting the first branch of the amend-
ment now, when all estimates have been made.
By reference to the record it will be seen that the
estimates for many years back—how long I do
not know, probably from the organization of the
Government—have been made up with reference
to the unexpended balances at the end of a fiscal
year. For instance, here is an appropriation of
§100,000. for the purpose of accomplishing a cer-
tain thing, and $75,000 are expended; $25,000
remains, then, unexpended, and that is taken into
account by the officer who makes the estimate for
the next year.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. There commences
the violation of the law. YWien we appropriate
money for a specific purpose, and these officers
begin to expend it for another, and not in the year
when its expenditure was authorized, there, I say,
begins the violation of the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not agree with the gen-
tleman; and I am sure that ho will give me credit
for being as rigid as anybody"ou|ht to be. I do
not agree with the gentleman at all,as to the im-
proprietyof the practice of the Government. You
can as certainly estimate, under the existing prac-
tice of the Government, as if you were to carry
the unexpended balances into the surplus fund at
the end of every fiscal year.
The difference between the rule proposed by the
gentleman and the existing rule is, that he pro-
poses that all unexpended balances slta.ll go back
into the Treasury, and shall not be used unless
reappropriated; whereas the books in the existing
practice show the amount unexpended, and which
is taken into account by the officer who makes
the estimate. The books will show, with as much
accuracy as any other fact, what the unexpended
balance is, and the amount that is necessary add-
ed to that balance, can be estimated for the next
year. The estimates have all been made, and
made under these circumstances, and therefore I
say that the first branch of the gentleman's amend-
ment should not be adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Alabama. I understand
the object of this amendment mainly to be to get
rid of what is an unauthorized use of the public
money. We may differ about the propriety of
the means for getting rid of that practice; but
there is no difference as to the practice itself. At
the last session, both Houses of Congress, after
various committees of conference, refused to make
any appropriation to defray the expenses of the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, for the year
1856; yet the Secretary of the Treasury, it ap-
pears, took the appropriations for the previous
and preceding year, and paid them out of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was stated at the time
that there were unexpended balances for that ser-
vice which would go to pay the expenses of that
Territorial Legislature.
Mr. STANTON. Congress may have done
right or wrong, and we may have done as other
Congresses did; but the point is this: that that
practice enables the Secretary of the Treasury to
appropriate money to an object for which Con-
gress would not have appropriated it, and for
which they refused to appropriate it. Ho takes
