902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
special order for to-day, at one o'clock, the Sen-
ate would proceed to its consideration. In conse- I
quence of what 1 said, as I remarked, informally
on that subject, I shall feel myself in honor hound
to vole now to proceed to the consideration of that
question. 1 think I may be pardoned for making
another suggestion: that no matter what the other
subjects are, just so long as the Kansas question
stands here,'just so long, in my judgment, you
will do nothing else; and, therefore, it is good
economy to dispose of it.
Mr. GWIN. I was not here when the arrange- :
ment was made to which Senators have referred.
If I had been, I should have objected to it, as I
do now, because I am in favor of proceeding with
the regular order of business as it is on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must say thatldid notcon-
sider there was any common consent, or ever
could be a common consent given by the Senate,
by all the members of it, that the Kansas bill
would be taken up at any particular day, or have
priority over any other business. I certainly un-
derstood no such thing.. The Senator from Mis-
souri moved to make it a special order for this
day, as we have made innumerable special orders
previously. We all understand, however, that
the last special order does not override one before
made, but it takes its place on the Calendar behind
other special orders before made. There was no ;
objection to the Kansas bill being made a special
order for to-day; but'certainly I never consented,
and never intended to consent, that a proposition
to put a constitution on a people against their will
should override all other public business, and take
priority to the exclusion of everything else. I do
not agree with my friend from Missouri, that the
peace of the country depends on this question.
Every opponent of the Lecompton constitution in
Kansas is now at peace, supporting the territorial
government. There is no rebellion there, except
by the Lecomptonites. Put them down, and peace
will reign in Kansas. I shall vote with my friend
from California for taking up the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. When the Kansas bill was
made the special order for to-day, I did not under-
stand that it was to take precedence of the Pacific
railroad bill reported by my colleague. When the
motion was made to give this bill precedence to-
day, I saw that it created a general laugh on this
side of the Senate. I expected my colleague to
state the importance of his bill to California; I did
not expect that he would taire lus seat quietly,
after the laugh that 1 heard on this side of the
Chamber. 1 recollect very well that in 1854 wc
should have had a Pacific railroad bill if it had not
been forthe Kansas-Nebraska act, which was then
before the other House of Congress. The railroad
bill was laid on the table forthe purpose of taking
up the Kansas-Nebraska bill; it remained on the
table; it has been on the table ever since. I think
if the Senate intend to pass any Pacific railroad
bill this session, they had better consider the bill
introduced by my colleague, and proceed with it
at once.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not think there is any
ground for serious complaint or misunderstanding
about what has been done in regatd to this ques-
tion. It is understood certainly on this side of
the House, that to a large extent the determina-
tion on the precedence of measures must origin-
ate on the other side of the Chamber to which
majorities of the committees belong, and which
furnishes the chairman of every committee. It
is of very little value for us on this side of the
House to propose a special order which involves
debate, and we practice only a necessary modesty
in abstaining from doing so, because there js*?U-
ways on the other side of the House a chairman
to represent the views of the committee to which
we belong,
Now, when this proposition to make a special
order of the Kansas question for to-day was made
by the gentleman who represents the Committee i
on Territories—the Senator from Missouri—no ;
adverse or rival proposition was made, and there- ,
fore it would have seemed factious, as I think, on 1
my part; at least, it would have seemed to indi- ;
cate an unwillingness to meet the Kansas ques-
tion, for which X certainly have no affection, if I
had said, " No, we will not make u a special or-
derforthatday." Noperson havingproposed any
other special order for that day, I cheerfully con-
sented that the Kansas question might be assigned
for consideration to-day, nnd asked for myself an
early place in the debate. But the honorable Sen-
ator from California, the chairman of the select
committee on the Pacific railroad, [M'\ Gwin,]
to which committee I belong, and whose business
it was to interpose and claim precedence in be-
half of the railroad, on whom the responsibility
rests, and who only can speak to a majority of
the Senate on that subject with any cffcct, scums
to have been out of his placc when the Kansas
question was assigned for to-day; becomes now,
however, and asks to have the railroad reinstated
in the position to which it was entitled. I think
that he is entitled to be heard, and I think that if
the question is raised we are brought necessarily
to substitute the railroad question, unless we are
willing that our votes shall be misunderstood by
the country, and unless we are willing to sacrifice
a greater interest to a less on some principle of
comity, or some idea of informal obligation con-
tracted. I think those who are in favor of a Pa-
cific railroad, are bound to support the chairman
in bringing it up.
I quite agree in all that has been said—that if
there is to he a Pacific railroad law passed by Con-
gress this year it has got to have precedence; and
I shall therefore not feel that I am at all bound to
withhold my vote from sustaining the chairman
in bringing up that question and m giving it pre-
cedence, if we have strength enough in-the Sen-
ate to do so. At the same time, I hope it will not
be considered that I am guilty of any discourtesy
or any breach of honor and obligation towards
the Senator from Missouii, It is a question on
which we must vote according to our convictions,
according to our sense of duty to the whole coun-
try.
Mr. GWIN. I am not so sensitive as my col-
league is to any laugh that may occur in the Sen-
ate on a motion I make. I go on the principle
that those may laugh who win, and I expect the
Pacific railroad bill to pass. When he has been
here as long as I have been, and will press the
Pacific railroad bill so long and so frequently as
I have done, he will find that speeches are not
wanted on the subject. Every man, woman,
and child m California is in favor of this projcct.
It has been so announced here for six or eight
years. That fact is well known. I was not here
when the arrangement was made to take up the
Kansas question to-day, or I certainly should have
interposed; but it is well known to the Senate
that when the Senator from Illinois proposed to
take up the Minnesotabill.and put aside this spe-
cial order, I then notified him and the Senate that
I would fight him on that question; and it has been
known all the time that 1 would insist on the reg-
ular order of business. It was not necessary for
me to bo present in order to have it known where
I stood on this point, because it was known to
«the whole Senate that I intended,after the Army
bill should be disposed of, to call up the Pacific
railroad bill. If I had been in the Senate then, I
should have given the notice; but I was not here
at the time.
Mr."BRODERICK. I am very glad that my
colleague is not so sensitive to a laugh that may
occur on this side of the House; but I was present
in my seat the other day when the Senator fiom
Illinois moved to take up the Minnesota bill, and
my colleague sprang to his feet at once, and ob-
jected to it, saying that he wanted the Pacific rail-
1 road bill to be considered first. If my colleague
' had allowed the two Senators from Minnesota to
take their seats on this floor, he would have had
two more votes for the Pacific railroad bill. I have
discovered, Mr. President, by conversing with
gentlemen on this side of the House that the
Pacific railroad bill will receive very few votes on
this side of the Chamber. I think it is the duty
of my colleague, if he expects to pass this bill at
the present session, to use every means in his
power to take it from the table at an early day,
particularly before the Kansas bill shall be con-
sidered; for I suppose that bill will occupy fifteen
or twenty days of the session, and it will be idle
after that to think of taking up the Pacific rail-
road bill and passing it through this body and
the other House before the adjournment of Con-
gress.
It is very true that I have not occupied a seat
in this body as long as my colleague; and perhaps,
when I have been here a few years, I shall not be
! so sensitive as I am at the present time. I am very
thankful to my colleague for reminding me of that
, fact.
! Mr. GREEN. I surely could not anticipate
j anything like opposition to the motion I made,
because it is well known to every Senator present
; that there is no business affecting the public m-
i terosts that can progress until we get the Kansas
' question out of the way. I expected to see the
• Senator from Califogiia [Mr. Gwin] interpose his
objection to put himself right on the record; to be
upright m court. That is well enough. I have
, no objection to that; but serious objection to the
; consideration of the Kansas bill to-day, according
« to the order made on last Thursday, is what I did
j not anticipate. I trust the vote will be taken,and
j that we shall see whether this question is to be
; gotten rid of or not.
| Mr. POLK. I feel it due to my position in re-
j gard to the Pacific railroad bill to say that when
i the time comes to act on that subject, I trust I
; shall be found as warm a friend of that enterprise
j as any gentleman in this Chamber, on eitherside
: of the House: but I am well satisfied that the
] best and speediest way of obtaining the sense of
j the Senate on that measure, is to get out of its
1 way the question of Kansas, that has stood in the
! way of every important measure that has been
before the Senate at this session up to the present
time. I hope, therefore, that the general under*
standing of last week, that the Kansas bill should
be taken up to-day, will be adhered to; and when
that is disposed of, we will go on with other im-
portant measures that have been defeated liith-
i crto by that question.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
j resulted—yeas 32, nays 20; as follows:
i YEAS— Mo-s^. Allen, Bayard. Benjamin, Bijjgs, Bieler,
j Blight, Btown, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Evan*. Fitch,
Green, Hammond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter. Jver^on,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jonc*. Mai-
lory, Ma>.on, Pearce, Polk. Pugh. Sebastian, SI idnll, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. fieii, Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doohttle, Doucla?, Duikee, Foot, Foster,
Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan, Kin?, Sewaid, Simmons, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union, which is as
follows: '
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas, by
their icpipsontatives in convention assembled at Lecomp-
ton, in saidTeiritory, on Mondav, the 4th day of September,
180/, having the right of admission into the "Union a^one of
the United States of Amenca, consistent with the. Federal
Constitution, in vuruo of the treaty ot cession hy France of
the province of Louisiana, made and concluded on the 30th
day of Apiii, 1303. and in accordance with the act of Con-
gress apptoved on tho 30th of May, A D. 1854, entitled, "An
' act to organize tho Territory of Kansas and Nchiaska,"did
■ lorm for themselves a constitution and State government,
icpubhcan in t'oun; and tho said convention has, in their
! name and behalf, asked tho Congress of tiie United States
to admit the said Temtoiy into the Union as a State, on an
' equal footing with the other States:
| HQ it caoitcd by tho Senate and Ilovse of Representatives
' of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
; trio State of Kansas shall he. and is hereby, deelaied to be
o !<■ of the United States of Amenca, and admitted into the
j Union nn an equal footing with tho original States, in alt
' respects whatever; and the said State shall consist of all'
the tomtoiv included within the following boundaries, to
wit: bojjmnsnj? at a point on the western boundary of the
I State of Missouri, where tho thirty-seventh parallel of !at-
| undo crosses the same; thence west on said parallel to the
eastern boundary or New Mexico; thence north on said
i boundary to latitude thirty-eight; thence following said
; boundaiy wc-twaid to the eastern boundary of the Terri-
tory of Uuh, on tli e summit of the Rocky Mountains; thence
noithward on said summit to the fortieth parallel of lati-
tude ; thence ea?f on <said parallel to tho western boundary
of the State of Mi«souii; thence south with the western
boundary of said State to the place, of beginning: Provided,
That nothing hciein contained iexpecting the boundaiv5of
j said State shall bo construed to impair the rights of person
, or propei cy now pertaining to tho Indians m said Terntory,
. so long as such tights shall remain unextinguished by tieaiy
between the United States and such Indians, or to include
, any territory which, by treaty with such Indian tribe, is not,
j without the consent of said tube, to he included within the
teri itorial ImiiH or jurisdiction of any State or Temtoiy;
but all such tornjorips shall be excepted out of the hound-
aiies, and constitute no part of the State of Kan-as. until
i sud tube shall signify then assent to the Pre-ident of the
United States to be included within said Slate, or to affect
the authority of the Government of tho United States to
make any leauhtion respecting such Indians, ihen lands,
, propei tv, or other ughts, by treaty, Jaw. or otherwise, which
i it would have been competent to wake if this act had never
; passed.
■ Sec. 0. Jlnd be it further cna< ted, That the State of Kan-
1 sa-s is admitted into the Union upon the express condition
that said State shall never interfero with the piunarydis-
j posa! of the public iawKor with any regulations which
• Congrc;* may find necessary for securing the title in said
