1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. MILLSON. The vote has not been taken
upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
further to the gentleman that that point has al-
ready been decided in committee on similar amend-
ments to former appropriation bills.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment as modified, and it was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec. — Jind be it further enacted, That the twelfth sec-
tion of the act of March 3,184$, " making appropriations
for the navai service, for the year ending the 30th June,
1846," shall not be so construed as to include those papers
which have the largest aggregate number of subscribers for
a week, but it shall be construed to include those only hav-
ing the largest list of permanent bojiafide subscribers; and
such publications as are required to be made weekly, shall
be required to appear in the entire weekly editions of such
papers respectively.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is not germane to
this bill. It is giving a construction to a law. I
admit that if the amendment were confined to the
restrictions of the appropriations contained in this
bill for this year, it might be perhaps in order;
but I understand that the amendment proposes to
give a construction to other matters outside of
the appropriations in this bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The amendment
•which I propose relates to some six different api
propriations in the bill through which the com-
mittee has just passed. It relates to the construc-
tion of a law governing these appropriations, and
thus alone it is strictly legitimate, and bearing
upon the questions involved in this bill. There
was no point at which I could offer it more than
at any other, because it relates to appropriations
in the State, War, Treasury, Interior, and all the
other Departments, and the amendment was nof
in order at one point more than at any other.
The amendment comes in properly here, not as
changing an existing law, but as defining it, and
as giving instructions on which the Departments
have differed. It does not change it at all. I will
Jiear the opinion of the Chair upon the point of
order. I am perfectly certain that the amend-
ment is not only in accordance with the ruling of
the Chair on other occasions, but that there can
he no point made against it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order on
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is one point of
order already pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I want to present a dif-
ferent view of the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman's suggestion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The effect of this amend-
ment is precisely the same as enacting a new law.
It proposes to construe the law by Congress in a
way different from that in which it is construed
by the law officers of the Government. The re-
sult is to change the law, and that being the case,'
in my view, it is out of order. A legislative con-
struction is a substantial enactment of a new law.
The construction given to this law by the officers
whose duty it is to construe it, is different from
the one which the gentleman now proposes to
give; and his amendment is necessary, in his es-
timation, to change that construction, or, in other
words, to change the law.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. When we are
through 
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Perhaps the gen-
tleman desires to make anotherpoint of order, on
the principle of the double-barreled gun—if one
misses the other will kill. I hope the Chair will
decide the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must say to
the gentleman that the amendment proposes legis-
lation, a change of the law, and is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Illinois simply says that the Chair is mistaken on
that point.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Well, the Chair
rules the amendment out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report the hill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 201)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government fonthe
year ending June 30, 1859, and had directed him
to report the same to the House, with sundry
amendments.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move the pre-
vious question upon the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Before the pre-
vious question is seconded, I desire, with the con-
sent of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to make
a modification in the amendment adopted in the
committee, in regard to the extra pay of the re-
porters.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The House should
either strike out the amendment to which the gen-
tleman alludes, or alter its phraseology; and I will
give way to him to put it in proper shape for the
House to vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will, then, if
there be no objection, strike out the words " pres-
ent session of Congress," and insert, " nextreg-
ular session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress."
There was no objection; and the amendment
was modified accordingly.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
CLERICAL ERROR.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to ask the consent
of the House to correat a clerical error of a very
material character in the resolution in relation to
the efficiency of the Navy, acted upon yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is in the Sen-
ate, but the gentleman can enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote of the House yesterday.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will do that, and I move
that a message be sent to the Senate requesting
them to return the resolution to correct an error.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the House that a clerical error occurred in the
amendment to the resolution of the Senate with
reference to the Naval board—1858 was inserted
when it should have been 1859. The papers, as
soon as they had been acted on, were sent to the
Senate, and the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is that a message be sent to the Sen-
ate, requesting that body to retiirn the original
papers.
Mr. Florence's motion was agreed to.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts I move to re-
consider the vote whereby the House referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union the bill to amend the laws granting land
to soldiers and seamen, so as to include those en-
gaged on board private armed vessels regularly
commissioned by the United States.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to ask permission to have
printed some evidence for the examination of that
committee, preparatory to their report. The evi-
dence is very voluminous. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to have printed, under the direction and for the use
of the members of the said committee, the evidence m the
ease of Judge John C. Watrous, pending before said com-
mittee.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. I want to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] whether
those papers had any reference to the late elec-
tion in Philadelphia? [Laughter.]
, Mr. FLORENCE. Not officially.
And then, on motion of Mr. COMINS, (at thir-
teen minutes after five o'clock,p. m.,) the House
adjourned
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 6, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. "J. A. Harrold.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Ham-
mond to fill the vacancy in the Committee on Fi-
nance, occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Biggs. 11
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of Darcus
Hall, praying to be allowed a pension apd bounty
land, as the widow of Simeon Reno, a sergeant in
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN presented a memorial of McKean
Buchanan, a purser in the Navy, praying indem-
nity for losses occasioned by the illegal orders of
his commanding officer; which waa referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Butler county, Iowa, graying for the establish-
ment of a mail route, with weekly service, from
Cedar Falls, in Black Hawk county, via Wil-
loughby, in Butler county, to Leoni, the county
seat of Butler county; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petition of John
R. Bartlett, praying for the payment of certain
expenditures made by him as commissioner of the
United States under the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, for running and marking the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STUART presented papers relating to the
application of Thomas L. Disharoon to locate cer-
tain warrants on any of the public lands subject
to private sale; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of business
men of the northwestern lakes, praying that an
appropriation may be made to ascertain whether
Professor Ballot's rule by which the approach of
storms may be foretold is applicable to the western
lakes; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Maiden, Massachusetts, praying that the pub-
lic lands may be laid out in farms or lots of lim-
ited size for the free and exclusive use of actual
settlers only; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of inhabitants of
the town of Duxbury, Massachusetts, engaged
and interested in the cod and haddock fisheries,
on the coast of Massachusetts, praying that some
provision may be made by law, so regulating the
mode of taking those fish as to prevent the de-
struction of those fisheries; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of James Johnson,
praying for the confirmation of their title to cer-
tain lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. KING. I wish to present a petition; and
as it is very brief I will read it:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, business men of the northwestern lak^l,
respectfully showeth to your honorable bodies that, by a re-
cent scientific determination of Professor Ballot, of Holland, '
a numerical relation between the force" of the wind and the
difference of barometric pressure at the several points of Ob-
servation has been discovered, by which the greatest force
the wind will attain during the succeeding twelve, eighteen,
or twenty-four hours, may be told in advance. Professor
Ballot maintains that his rule has held good for five years
in Holland, without a single failure.
Your petitioners further show that no system of meteor-
ological observation has ever been applied to the great lakes
by the General Government, and that were msti uments fur-
nished to the light-keepers at the principal commercial ports,
observations of the proper kind could be economically car-
ried on until the availability ol' the law in question, as to
the lake winds, should be practically tested.
Your petitioners humbly pray your honorable bodies to
appropriate $20,000 to purchase the requisite instruments,
and to defray the telegraphic expenses between the points
of observation and the National Observatory at Washing-
ton, m order to discover whether this valuable rule can be
applied to lake navigation.
I ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the mo-
tion to print the menage of the President of the
United States in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate, concerning the outrages committed against
the family of Mr. Dickson, an American citizen,
residing at Jaffa, in Palestine, reported in favor
of the motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a memorial of Douglas Ot-
tingcr, of the United States revenue service, priy-
