1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
00$
laniHWthn bona fide puicliaserc and giantecs tbefhof. or
impose or lew siny tux, a-ie^ment. or imposition ot any
whitcwr, un<>ii rh«>m or otiiei piopcrty of thu
United ^taic- u']f!:in ti>o limit-* of -aid State ; and'noihmg
in tin- act shah !>.' cou-nut'd a; an by CJonirni-s to
nil oi io am o: ihe j) iv,mii()in ot claim- eoutnined in tlic
ovinia:km' of thi: -aid imimp ution of the pi*op!e of
nor to depuve the *-a>d tji.ite of Kan-a- of rlie jjiants
which wete contained in the net o«'Conine^, entitled An
act to nn'hon/p the p.-opp- of the Ten nory oi MmiiOMiia to
fut at a eon- f it unon'ard rotate ixownim-'iit. px p natoiy to
{uiuii-Hou into Die Union on an equal looting with the on-
giaa! S: itf-,'* approved iMhniaiv -2AS I8.*>7.
gr i'. 3 11 fui iher <•nitfctl. That until the next poli-
cial eensu^hail 1)5 taken, and an appoinonment of ropre-
sentauw ^ made, tin; Si ate ol Kansas bo entitled to one
iepr 'sem.itive m the ilouie of Representatives oi the Uni-
ted sSUittts.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the bill before
the Senate is in the usual form of bills admitting;
new States, without any peculiarity; and it does
not require any extended explanation. Tiie object
designed to be accomplished is shown by its title
to be to admit the State of Kansas into the Union
as one of the sovereign States of this Confederacy.
The bill is predicated upon a state of facts em-
bodied and presented in the report of the Com-
mittee on Territories. These facts justifying the
bill, make out a case themselves, and render any
elaborate argument, or any extended explanation,
wholly unnecessary. Indeed, so far as I am con-
corned, I should be perfectly willing to trust this
question to the present judgment of the Senate.
There are those, however, opposed to it, who
would take it perhaps as rather unkind not to
give thorn some pretext of justification for their
speeches, by some opening remarks; and I there-
fore avail myself of the present occasion to do so,
more out of deference to those who desire to reply
to me than from any wish on mv part to occlipy
a single moment of the time of the Senate.
I trust I shall never shrink from duty or shml
responsibility; and lfduty demandsof me to make
any explanation of the report fuither than it ex-
plains itself, I am ready to do so; but I do not
conceive it to be necessary. It stands unassailed;
the leading, controlling facts stated in it cannot be
successfully controverted, though some of them
have been evaded m publications, not by author-
ity, but in the shape of minority views. T say
they have been evaded; but I still think the posi-
tions assumed by the report of the committee stand
unassailed, and it would look like a woikofsuper-
eiogation to add anything to what has been said
in tliat report. I may, however, be permitted, on
the present occasion, to make a personal expla-
nation; and I do it because I do not like to obtrude
myself on the attention of the Senate, except
when I legitimately have the door for debate.
I find in the New York Tribune some very se-
vere strictures and some very false statements
with regard to the action of the Committee on
Territories. It is assumed that the majority of
the committee made a positive promise to the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Ver-
mont not to report until the succeeding Monday
after the report was actually madi^ but that, in
violation of this agreement, the report was pre-
cipitately hurried through, and those gentlemen
■were compelled to present their views without
having had a fair opportunity, ill violation of the
agreement. I take this occasion to state what the
understanding was. On Monday the committee
met, and I was not quite ready with the majority
report. We had been at work on it, but had not
succecded in completing it, though I had just
added the last words of the first draft. 1 desired
to have it copied. I had been urged to be ready.
Not being ready, I desired a meeting on the suc-
ceeding Tuesday. On Tuesday the committee
met. Mv report was ready; the Senatoi from
Vermont had his ready; the Senator from Illinois
said he was not ready, and he asked for a post-
ponement. He said that we should have a meet-
ing on Thursday, and he would, if he possibly
could, be ready oil Thursday; but he asked no
extension of time beyond Monday, even if he
should not be ready on Thursday. The Senator
from Vermont made this remark iram;diately:
" That is like the old preacher giving out a notice
of his sermon. ' I will preach next Wednesday,
the Lord willing; but on Sunday, whether or
no.''7 [Laughter.] I relate that matter here,
because it will bring the circumstances to mind,
showing this: the report will be made on Thurs-
day, if possible; but on Monday, whether or no.
The majority of the committee assembled to*
jlgether, and consulted the matter over. There
l was no positive postponement to Monday; there
i ; was a positive postponement to Thursday, when
i; it was to be ready, if possible. We resolved that
; we would, if possible, report on Thursday. To
j1 stimulate the Senator from Illinois, and to keep
ji him from being taken by surprise if we should
1 insist upon a report,on that day, 1 voluntarily
wrote him a note, after he had gone not over fif-
1 teen minutes, and had it sent to linn by the first
1 mail that went out. 1 did this, as I thought, out
1 of extreme courtesy. I know I am sometimes
! censured for the extremes to which I go on that
■ subject; but still, I think I did right then,
j Having done so, to allow these garbled and
false statements to go out that we violated agree-
! ments, took him by surprise, and perpetrated a
j fraud, is an injustice under which I am not willing
j to labor, or to submit to. ThatSenator wasready
i on Thursday morning; he was not only ready
| but he had sent off a copy of his report six hours
' before the committee met, and yet when thecom-
i mittee did meet, he voted against making a report
S on that day. I do not think we perpetrated any
j very serious wrong on him. I did not notify the
I S.-nator from Vermont. That, too, is commented
| upon. The reason of it was that he announced
j that his report was ready.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. With the permission of the
j Senator from Missouri, I shoulu like to put my-
; self right on this point, if he has said all he in-
! tends to sav on it.
i Mr. GREEN". Yes, sir.
i Mr. DOUGLAS. On the Tuesday to which
the Senator refers, the question arose whether we
! should or should not be able to report on Thurs-
day. I stated that I did not believe it would be
I possible forme to be ready at that time, and I
1 referred to the circumstances that had prevented
- my attendance at the Senate, and had kept me up
j for many preceding nights. I said that I was
!! worn out, and did not believe it was possible to
go thtough the mental labor and be ready at that
, time, but that by Monday I should be, and that
I would guaranty that the committee might re-
port then, if sickness or any other cause should
prevent me being ready before Monday. We
agreed that we would meet on Thursday, and
' read over our reports so far as they might be com-
I pleted. I stated that 1 thought I could have my
j argument blocked out, but sfill I should wish to
j go over and revise it, and be ready by Monday
\ to make a report. My understanding when we
: separated was that we were not to leport until
I Monday. I so stated to all who asked me, that
| we should meet on Thursday to read what we
j had prepared, butnot to make a report until Mon-
! day. It is true, I received the notice from the
! Senator, as he states, on the evening of Tuesday.
I Mr. COLLAMER. Please state that notice.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state it.
i Mr. GREEN. I requested you to get a copy
! of it.
! Mr. DOUGLAS. I know; but I could not lay
I my hand on it. I believe I recollect the words.
I It was: " it is the unanimous opinion" 
| Mr. GREEN. "Desire."
j Mr. DOUGLAS. " Desire of the majority of
' the Committee on Territories"—underscoring the
i word " unanimous"—" toreportfmally onTlmrs-
• day morning"—underscoring the word "finally"
j —" I deem it proper to give you this notice that
I you may not be taken by surprise." I think
j those arc about the precise words.
| Mr. GREEN. Very nearly.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. I saw at once that a change
\ had taken placesince theadjournmcntof thecom-
nuttee that day—first, it was the unanimous opin-
ion of the majority; second, they were to report
" finally" on Thursday, the word " finally" un-
derscored; third, the notice was given to me that
I might not be taken by surprise. I think it is
ij very clear that this would not have been neces-
j| sary, unless it had been the understanding of the
! i committee that very day that we were not to report
ji until Monday.
| Mr. GREEN. Do you say it was the under-
' standing not to report until Monday !
j Mr. DOUGLAS. It was my understanding that
! we should not be able to report on Thursday, and
| 1 so stated when I came outof the committee room,
j to all persons who inquired of me. That was my
i understanding; others have their understanding,
j I do not understand it for anybody but myself. I
was asked if I could be ready by that time. I-
stated that I did not believe it-was possible for me
to be ready then. I said I would be ready, if possi-
ble; but I did not suppose it would be possible. On
receiving this notice from the Senator, I went to
work and labored night and day. I was at work
on Tuesday night, and until about four o'clock
on Wednesday morning. Again, on Wednesday
night, and until between three and four o'clock on
Thursday morning, when I stopped writing. I
was not able to read it over to'see if there were
incongruities or not; for I had not time to revise
it. There were two clerks, who followed me with
each sheet as I wrote it; and between three and four
o'clock in the morning of Thursday, I stopped.
There were, however, three or four points omitted,
that I had intended to discuss; ana the report was
left unfinished. I had worn myself outby writing
a day and two nights constantly, without more
than three hours' sleep, till I could not bear the
fatigue; and I closed there, and said to those clerks,
" I must send this; let it go in its rough state, if
I cannot be permitted toreviseit." Idid wantto
read it over, and revise it. I did desire also to
discuss one or two other points that were not no-
ticed in the report. I stopped several pages short
of where I intended to stop in the report, because
of the notice from the Senator from Missouri. In
regard to the article* of which he speaks, I have
not seen it. I know not what it contains.
When I came out of the committee room, I
stated these facts in regard to the understanding
that we should report the next Monday. I was
coerccd to report sooner, and I performed the duty
as well as I could. The report was not exactly
what I should wish it to have been. When the
committee proposed to report, I voted against it.
Being out-voted, I submitted, of course, as I was
compelled to do. I saw, too, (what I did not know
before,) that a new memberof the committee had
been appointed, so as to be sure to have a majority
that could overrule me if I was not ready. That
being the case, I brought my report to a conclu-
sion, submitted it imperfect as it was, and allowed
a clerk to follow me sheet by sheet, and take a
copy for the press at the same time that I wrote
it; but I had no time to run it over, and read it
over again; and hence it went in the imperfect
condition in which it was before the committee.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, there is not
much difference in the statement of facts between
the Senator from Illinois and myself, except on
one point: his understanding was that we should
report on Monday; the mere relation of the anec-
dote repeated by the Senator from Vermont dis-
proves it. It was that we would report, if pos-
sible, on Thursday, but if not possible, on Mon-
day anyhow. That was really the agreement.
My note to him was extremely guarded. I did
not say it was resolved by a majority; I did not
say it was the opinion of the majority; but it was
" the desire." It was to hurry him, if possible;
and if he could not be ready, we should take no
advantage of him. He having got ready, and
sent off his report to the Tribune six hours before,
still voted against presenting it to the Senate, in
ordertohavcachance to read it over and smooth it
off. I wonder who would examine the proof-sheet
at the Tribune office, of the copy which had already
been sent, and smooth that off? But enough of
this. I have made a statement sufficient to show-
that no unfairness was practiced towards the Sen-
ator. I know that we were more anxious to re-
port to the Senate, and get the subject up before
this body, than he was; but I think he will do me
the justice to say that I have extended to him
every right that I would ask him to extend to me
under similar circumstances.
The bill, however, is before us. I have a sub-
stitute to propose for the entire bill. I will now
merely give notice of it; for, like the Senator, I
desire to read it over, and see that it is what it pur-
poses to be; but I shall lay it on the table before the
Senator from Vermont, who is to follow me, gets
through. I will state now its purport and object.
It is for the admission of Kansas, as the bill be-
fore us is; and, in conjunction with it, for the ad-
mission of the State of Minnesota. The two being
united together, we shall have the consideration
of both at once, and see if we cannot progress and
expedite the business that has heretofore retarded
the other business of the country.
Now, Mr. President, why need I detain the
Senate with any explanation in regard to the po-
