1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3013
[A message from the Senate, by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 278) concerning the courts
of the United States in the district of Arkansas;
nnd a resolution (S. No. 2G) for the benefit of the
nearest male heir of the late Major General Tow-
son, United States Army; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.]
The SPEAKER. In reference to the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
while it is true that the Speaker resumed the chair
informally, the message from the President was,
by unanimous consent of the House, received and
read, and the Chair is of opinion that it must be
disposed of.
[A message from the Senate, by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate insist-
ed on its amendments, disagreed to by the House,
to thePostOffieeappropriation bill, and asked for
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.]
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, I know the
impatience of the House, and nothing but a sense
of duty which I dare not shrink from, in view
of the condition of my State, would warrant me
in rising now to occupy the attention of the
House for a few moments. In the special mes-
sage the President sent in to the House a day or
two ago, notifying us of the probable termination
of the Moimoii war, he informed us that there
would be no necessity for the appropriation for
the two regiments of volunteers authorized by the
bill which lately passed Congress. He then sug-
gested also that it might not be necessary to ap-
propriate for the regiment of mounted volunteers
for the defense of Texas. In the message just
read, lie again makes the same suggestion in a
manner winch must attract the attention of the
House, and which, I fear, might influence the ac-
tion of the House upon the subject, unless some
statement were made by me or by some other gen-
tleman who knows the condition of the frontier
of Texas.
The special message which was sent in a few
days ago seemed to contemplate the fact that the
troops which had heretofore been assigned for
the protection of the frontiers of Texas were
still there. I desire to say that that must have
been based upon very inaccurate information.
The infantry regiment is still upon the frontier
of Texas, but the mounted regiment of regulars
heretofore upon the frontier (the most efficient
portion of the force therefor the protection of that
frontier) has long since been ordeied fiom the
frontier. I have been informed, in conversation
with the Secretary of War, that that order has
been countermanded; but my colleague and my-
self have been receiving information from the
Governor and citizens of the State, and through
tlie newspapers of the State, and through every
other medium through which we could expect
information, of the fact that this force has already
gone from the frontier, and left it entirely unpro-
tected .
A few days ago I received a letter from a dis-
tinguished citizen of my State, General Tarrant,
informing me that in consequence of the with-
drawal of the troops of the United States 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will allow me, 1 desire to say to him that tiie
House has already passed the bill just as he de-
sires it, and if the Senate will only take up the.
bill thev can act on it as they see fit.
Mr. REAGAN. I was going on to say that
the frontier settlements are now being assailed
by the Indians; that quite a number of citizens
have been killed,and thatabout a thousand horses
have been stolen. Two families have been lately
murdered in the vicinity of Fort Belknap.
Mr. BRYAN. Will my colleague yield to me
for a moment >
Mr. REAGAN. No, sir; not now. My col-
league can be heard when 1 have concluded what
I desire to say.
I desire, also, to say that, for the purpose of
securing the protection of the frontier, the Gov-
ernor of Texas has had to assume the responsi-
bility of ordering out, upon his own motion, a
corps of volunteers.
Mr. G RANGER. How many ?
Mr. REAGAN. One hundred and ten men,
under the command of Colonel Jolly S. Ford, who,
in connection with a like number of fiiendly In-
dians, have pursued theCamanches to their haunts
on the Canada river, and have recently had a bat-
tle with them, in which seventy-six were killed,
eighteen taken prisoners, and over three hundred
horses retaken. A more decisive blow has been
stricken by those one hundred and ten volunteers
and a like number of friendly Indians, in the short
time during which they have been in the service,
and more has been done for the protection of the
frontier than, I venture to say, has been done by
the regular Army of the United States, three
thousand in number, during the last five years.
Mr. Speaker, the people of Texas have a right
to expect protection; and not only that, but it is
the opinion, expressed decidedly, now,as hereto-
fore, by the Secretary of War, that this additional
regiment is indispensable, not only for the pro-
tection of the frontier, but for the protection of
the overland mail route to the Pacific, running
through Texas and the southern portion of New
Mexico, as well as the route by Albuquerque, au-
thorized the other day. Both those routes must
be protected, and the frontier must be protected;
and I understand that a force is to be retained in
Utah to retain the people in subjection.
I trust that, if this question comes up for the
action of the House, in view of the suffering con-
dition of the frontier, and in view of the neces-
sity of protecting those mail routes, and routes of
travel, the House will sustain the proposition.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. BA RKSDALE. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to make a single remark.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If I yield to one I must
yield to all.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is with reference to
the public business that I desire to speak.
Mr. PHILLIPS. And so does the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage ]
Mr. SAVAGE. I only want to say that I shall
object to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means opening his mouth unless an oppor-
tunity is given to reply to what he says.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means will open his
mouth whenever hepfeases, when he is in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I insist on the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the message was laid upon the table
ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
'le ana
V
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session and the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations foi
the expenses of collecting- the revenue from cus-
toms.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The debate has
been terminated on this bill m five minutes. I do
not wish to consume my hour, and will forbear
saying anything now, with the understanding,
that if it becomes necessary, I mayavai! myselfo£
a portion of my time as the amendments come up.
The amendments were read.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. When this bill
was before the House, on a former occasion, I
explained its provisions; and the committee will
recollect the facts I stated on that occasion. The
original system was for the collecting officers to
collect the revenue, and to deduct out of it the
amount of their compensation, and then pay the
balance into the Treasury. In 1846, if my mem-
ory serves me right, this law was so far modified
as to'provide for the payment into the Treasury
of the entire revenue, including the revenue of the
Post Offi'ce; and then that appropriations for the
expenses of its collection should be made. It will
hardly be necessary for me to debate the propiiety
and necessity of this system. It has proved itself
to be correct. No exception, I believe, has been
taken to it.
The question which arose on the former con-
sideration of this bill was as to the amount. A
question was also raised by my friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jokes,] as to whether it should he jj
permanent or annual. The whole question of an jl
annual or permanent appropriation hill for the jj
purpose of collecting the revenue was discussed !,
at great length when this system was adopted by hi
Confess. It is utterly impossible for this Gov- ^
eminent to adopt a good, self-mamtaimtig, and ji
working system for the collection ol Us revenue !■
i f the appropriations are made from year to year.
The only system which enables the Department'
to work well, efficiently,-and economically, is a
permanent appropriation. But a permanent ap-
propriation does not mean, as many gentlemen
seem to understand it, an appropriation out of the
reach of Congress. It is within the reach of Con-
gress every session. E/ery time you pass upon
your appropriation bill, you can modify, repeal,
or change this system. It does not require legis-
lation to be enabled to do that. It is simply a
permanent appropriation until otherwise ordered-
by Congress. I make this remark for the pur-
pose of removing from the minds of any members
of the House, who may be under it, the imprest
sion that a permanent appropriation puts it be-
yond the control of Congress. It is just as abso--
lutely within the control of Congress as any other
measure. It enables the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to adopt a general system founded upon some
permanent principles. It is subject, from session
to session, to the control of Congress.
Now, as to the amount. It was ascertained by
the Secretary of the Treasury—as will be seen by-
reference to the finance report—that it cost this
Government $3,600,000 during the last fiscal year
to collect the revenue. The collection of the rev-
enue is based upon a system under the law. It is*
not based upon the arbitrary will of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It is not-the creature of any
man's fancy. The Secretary of the Treasury is
! the mere executive officer to carry out the law.
1 And I will say that I stand ready to cooperate
with gentlemen in judicious reform, not coming
in conflict with the operations of existing law. I
say here in my place, that it is utterly impossible
for the Executive Department to collect the rev-
enue with a less sum than $3,600,000. That
amount was required and expended last year. It
is difficult, and almost impossible, to make an ap-
proximate estimate for the future. We all know
" the rapid expansion of this country. Our prog-
ress has been so great that no Secretary could
safely take a past year's expenditure for the next
year's appropiiation.
You will find, by the estimates, that it requires
§2,500,000 to collect the revenue. Add to that the
amount which was deducted for collecting the rev-
1 enue upon the Pacific coast, and you have the
'! sum of §3,600,000; and that is the sum which will
I be required for the next year. With a view to a
permanent system, the Secretary of the Treasury
stated that $400,000 more would be required as a,
I margin to go upon, to provide for an expansion
of the system, so as not to require additional le-
gislation next sessiun. The Senate amendment
strikes out $4,000,000, and inserts $3,000,000.
That amount will not answer. The Committee
of Ways and Means, not being desirous of raising-
an issue with the Senate, and admitting that we
may get along with less than four million dollars,
and remembering that Congress will be again in
session in has than six months, recommend an
amendment to the Senate amendment. The Sen-
ate amendment strikes out " $4,000,000," and in-
serts "§3,000,000." The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the Sen-
ate ' amendment, with an amendment striking
out " §3,000.000," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $3,600,000."
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
ofconcuning with the Senate in theiramendment,
by which they reduce the appropriation in our ori-
ginal bill for collecting the revenue from $4,000,000
to £3,000,000 a year; and I sinccrely trust, when
the Senate now sends us the first proposition for
retrenchment which we have seen here this ses-
sion, that the House will disregard the opposition
of paity leaders on the other side, and cordially
concur in it. A fortnight since, when the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means was
pressing this bill upon the House, I took issue
with him as to the necessity of so large an appro-
priation, and endeavored to reduce it to $3,000,000;
but the House concurred with the chairman, and
by nine majority passed the bill, appropriating
$4,000,000 annually as a permanent fund for this
purpose. The Senate, however, have affixed the
seal of their approval upon the retrenching prop-
osition which I felt it a duty to oiTer; and, with
only seven votes in the negative, have adopted it
m lieu of the extravagant bill which this House
sent them In that discussion, it will bo lemem-
bered that 1 declared— i
