1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
ing for remuneration for the invention of an appa-
ratus to rescue the lives of passengers in an open
sea, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to wh8m was referred a petition of the
^ president and stockholders of the Florida steam-
packet company, asking compensation for the
seizure and detention of the steamer Carolina by
the collector of the port of Jacksonville, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YULEE,from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of John Prink, submifted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of S. Van Sickell-, J. R.
#r Bellerjeau, and George G. Leidy, for an increase
of compensation as route agents, submitted an ad-
" verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 319) to en-
large the public grounds surrounding the Capitol;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives (H R. No. 2) donating
public lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts, have very care-
fully considered this question; and, in view of
the circumstances existing in the committee, have
directed me to report the bill back to the Senate
without any recommendation for or against it,
submitting it to the action of the Senate.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BATH.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 307)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
the old custom-house and site in Bath, Maine, and
for other purposes, have directed me to report it
back with an amendment. I ask for the consid-
eration of the bill now; it will not consume the
time of the Senate, and it is desirable that the au-
thority should be vested in the Secretary at once.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was, after the word " sell," to insert the
words " at public auction, after first fixing a min-
imum price therefor;" so that the bill will read:
Be it enacted, $c., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to sell at public auction, after
first fixing a minimum price therefor, the old custom-house
and site at Bath, Maine, when the new custom-house shall
be completed and fit for occupation ; and he is hereby au-
thorized to use all or so much of the money arising from
the sale of said old custom-house and site, as shall be ne-
cessary to furnish the new custom-house.
Mr. POLK. I would ask the Senator from
Maine whether the bill makes no provision for ad-
vertising the sale before it takes place ?
Mr. HAMLIJ?. No, sir, it does not; but I
suppose it will oe all under the direction of the
Secretary, and I presume of course he would ad-
vertise it. It is to be sold at public auction after
first fixing a minimum price. 1 do not think any
such provision is necessary, but the Senator can
offer an amendment to that effect, if he thinks it
necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the ordinary
form.
Theamendment of the committee was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was,,ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
re^d;1^ third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. TOOMBS. I renew the motion which I
made yesterday, that I be discharged from further
• service upon the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for a division.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope my friend from
Georgia willreconsider his request. We can very
illy spare him from that committee. He would
be a very great loss to us. I do not know how
his place could be very well supplied. Of course,
if he insists on his motion I must, from courtesy,
accede to it, but I should regret exceedingly if we
were to lose his services on that committee. I
hope he will withdraw his motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist on my motion. I hope
the Senate will accede to my request to be ex-
cused. The reason is personal entirely.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Georgia
will not press the motion. I concur in allthathas
been said by my friend from Louisiana. I should
consider it a great loss to the committee. I do not
know, myself, of any reason why the Senator
should press the motion. I assure him that all his
associates on the committee would be very loth to
part with him.
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist on my motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I should dislike very much to
see the Senator from Georgia relieved. There are
a great many reasons which suggest themselves
to me, and must to others, why we should desire
him to continue on that comrmttee. I shall vote
for relieving him with a great deal of regret'. I
shall do so if he insists upon it, as a ratter of
course, for I should dislike to remain upon any
committee on which I did not wish to serve, and
I suppose we shall have to agree to the motion if
he insists on it.
Mr. BAYARD. I regret exceedingly that the
Senator from Georgia should have made this mo-
tion. Of course, in matters connected with the
organization of committees lam always disposed,
so far as my vote is concerned, where a member
of the Senate desires to retire from a committee,
to allow him to do so. Though I value the ser-
vices of the Senator from Georgia very highly,
and I think it would be a great loss to the com-
mittee if he were to withdraw from it,'I shall not
feel myself atliberty to oppose it if he insists upon
the motion. At the same time, however, I shall
regret it very much.
The motion was agreed to. *
BRUNSWICK NAVAL DEPOT.
Mr. IVERSON submittted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by Unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
inform the Senate what measuies have been taken by the
Department to execute the act of the 98th of January, 1857,
" authorizing the establishment of a naval depot on BIythe
Island, at Brunswick, Georgiawhat steps, if any, the
Bepartment proposes to adopt in the prosecution of said
work; and at what time it is intended to commence and go
on with the same; and the reasons why the commencement
of the necessary works has not been made.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 318) for
the relief of Keep, Bard & Co., J. Caulfield, and
Joseph Landis & Co.; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Cliims.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 317) for
the relief of Thomas L. Disharoon; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mt. Allen, its
Clerk:
Mr. President : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to request the return from the Senate of the res-
olution (S. No. 4) to extend the operation of the act ap-
proved January 16,1857, entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled £ An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy.' "
On motion of Mr. HUNTER,'the Secretary
was directed to return the joint resolution to the
House of Representatives.
A message was subsequently received from the
House, announcing that the House had concurred
in the Senate amendments to the joint resolution
with an amendment.
RUFUS DWINEL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Benjamin] the other day objected to
a private bill that was taken up, and it was passed
over. On examination, ho authorizes me to say-
that he has examined the bill and report, and is
satisfied that the claim is perfectly correct. I ask
the Senate to take up the bill, and pass it now.
I wish it sent to the other House at once. It is
the bill (S. No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwi-
nel. The Senator from Louisiana found that he
was in error as to his apprehension of the bill, and
the report was perfectly satisfactory to him.
Mr. EVANS. What is it about ?
Mr. FESSENDEN It is to give him a bal-
ance of an old claim; and it lj&s been reported
unanimously from the Committee on. Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
189) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides for the payment of $11,748 03, being
fo.r interest, at the rate of six per cent, per annum,.
on the sura of $ 13,037 72, from the 4th day of*
March, 1837, yrt len the latter sum was due from
the United States to Dwinel's assignor, to March
11, 1852, when an appropriation was made for its
payment.
Mr. CLAY. Is there any report accompanying
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; there is a re-
port.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear it..
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can state in a few words
what the case is.
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator what
my objection is. It has not been the policy or
practice of the Government to pay interest, and
I should object to it on that score. Interest is
never allowed by the Government except as mat-
ter of'compact or special legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will hear
the case, I think he cannot have any objection at
all. One Colonel Thomas, of whom Dwinel is the
representative, was a contractor with the Post Of-
fice Department, and the Department commenced
a suit against him, at his request, in order to settle
his accounts. The jury, in their verdict, gave, to
him a certain sum of money, with interest. They
did not include the amount of interest in the sum
named in the verdict as due to him. The trial
was here in this District. There was no dispute
about the perfect fairness of it from the beginning
to the end, or about the money due. Congress,
a few years ago, appropriated an amount to pay
the principal, but, under some misapprehension,
did not pay the other part of the verdict, which
was for the interest; and this is to give him the
interest up to the time when he received the prin-
cipal, according to the verdict rendered. It is a
part of the verdict.
Mr. CLAY. I do not know how such a ver-
dict could have been entered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The jury, instead of doing
as they usually do—calculating the interest up to
the time of the verdict—gave him the amount due
up to a particular period, with interest to the time
of the verdict, leaving the interest to be determ-
ined as a matter of calculation.
Mr. CLAY. Then I ask the Senator what the
judgment was rendered for?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The judgment was ren-
dered in that form, but no execution could be
issued against the United States. If execution
could have been issued, it would have been very
easy for the clerk to calculate the amount. That
is the ground of the claim. It is unanimously re-
ported from the Committee on Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TEXAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries to whom was referred the House bill (H. R.
No. 152) to authorize the President of the United
States, in conjunction with the State of Texas, to
run and mark the boundary lines between the
Territories of the United States and the State of
Texas, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report it back with an
amendment which I think renders the bill entirely
unobjectionable. I ask that it be acted upon now.
I do not think it will take a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The amendment of the Committee on Territo-
ries was, to insert at the end of the bill:
Provided, That the person or persons appointed or em-
ployed on the part and behalf ot Texas are to be paid by
said State: Provided further, That no person shall be ap-
pointed or employed in this service by the United States,
but suth as are required to make the necessary observa-
tions and surveys to ascertain such line, and to erect suit-
able monuments thereon and maTte return of the same.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The object of the bill is sim-
ply to provide for running so much of the bound-
ary between the State of Texas and the territo-
ries of the United States as has not been heretofore
