3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
1. That never before, by any Administration,
had such an amount been asked in any year, or
ever expended in any year, for this purpose; and
that the demand for an increased appropriation,
under our present financial circumstances, was
extraordinary.
2. That in 1850 it cost but $2,000,000 to collect
the revenue, and that to double it in so few years
as have elapsed since then was certainly unjusti-
fiable and wasteful.
3. That the probable revenue from the tariff
this year will not exceed forty or forty-five mil-
lion dollars; and that to pay ten per cent, for
collecting it was needless, unwise, and extrava-
gant.
The chairman of the Ways and Means Com-
mittee took issue with me, insisted that this bill
did not increase the expenses of the Government,
and declared, as found in the report of the debate in
the Globe, that " ■precisely this sum of $4,000,000
will be required;" that the law could not be admin-
istered without this amount; and that $1,250,000
was required for the Pacific coast alone. 1 replied
then, from memory, (for the bill was passed in
the House at an unexpected time,) that $440,000
was the amount spent in that region'; but the issue
on this point of fact was left unsettled in conse-
quence of the official reports not being here at the
moment.
I have now the official documents before me;
and I read from page 40 of the tables accompany-
ing the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury that the expense of collection on the
Pacific coast in 1857 was 0464,344; a very differ-
ent sum from $1,250,000 which the chairman so
incorrectly stated it. The same tables show that
from 1852 to the present year,except the last one,
the total cost of collecting the revenue, including
the Pacific as well as the Atlantic and Gulf coasts,
varied from three to three and a half millions in
the aggregate. Last year, after the opening of
this Administration, and when a still higher de-
gree of extravagance seemed to prevail, the total
expenses were a little over three million six hun-
dred thousand dollars; and thus I prove that I was
strictly correct in saying that never before had
such a sum as $4,000,000 been expended for this
purpose. Now, this same Committee of Ways
and Means, fearing a concurrence by the House
with the Senate in their reduction to $3,000,000,
have abandoned their old ground that $4,000,000
were necessary, and offer to take $400,000 less.
This is good so far as it goes; but it is no reduc-
tion. On the contrary, it keeps up the expenses
to the same amount spent in the most extrava-
gant year in our national history; and I am, as
before, for a reduction to $3,000,000, which I pre-
viously declared ample, and which declaration
the Senate have unanimously ratified and con-
firmed by their votes.
I wish now to call attention to a system which
this mode of making permanent appropriations
fosters. In the first place, it removes from Con-
gress their legitimate annual supervision of the
expenses of the Government; but even worse, if
possible, than this, while unexpended balances
of animal appropriations, after two years, are by
law wisely required to revert to the general fund
in the Treasury, balances of permanent appropri-
ations, which really ought to go back into the
common Treasury every year, remain, on the
contrary, under the control of the Treasury De-
partment from year to year, to be used, without
check by Congress, in any subsequent year, with
the rnosL lavish profusion. And this has been done
in the present case, as I shall prove by the official
documents before me.
The last annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, on page 10, says:
" The joint resolution approved 14th of February, 1850,
makes a permanent appropriation for the expenses of col-
lecting the customs of $1,235,000 for each half year, to-
gether with such sumb as may be received for storage,
&c., until Congress shall act upon the subject. During the
first four years of the operation of the act of 3d March, 1849,
the expenses did not equal the amount of this appropria-
tion, and a considerable balance had accumulated, which
has enabled this Department to defray the expenses of the
lust four years,which hace considerably exceeded the amount
so appropriated, as is shown by statement marked ' four.'
"This accumulation having become entirely exhausted, ]
this Department will not be able longer to defray the ex-
penses of collecting the customs unless Congress shall now
act upon the subject."
Thus, money saved in 1850, has been kept to
be squandered, seven years afterwards, in 1857;
for, in confirmation of the above concession made
by the Secretary, the figures of his tables, on page
40, show as follows:
Saved out of annual
fund.
In 1850 ..$516,000
1851  568,000
385-2  350,000
1853  214,000
$1,648,000
Spent in exces-iof annual
fund.
In 1854 $250,000
185 5  330,000
185 6  400,000
1857   712,000
$1,692,000
Leavinga small balance of $44,000 excess, which
was probably paid by the Treasury system of
transfer from some other unexpended annual ap-
propriation. But this shows that, last year, this
Administration spent$750,000in this single item
of expenses over and above the amount authorized
by law, scattering in a single twelve month nearly
half the sayings of four economical years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COLFAX. Those five minutes were rather
short ones. I was only half way through.
The question recurred upon the amendment to
strike out of the Senate amendment '*$1,500,000,"
and insert "$1,800,000,'* for the half-yearly ex-
penses of collecting the revenue.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means makes
the amount precisely what was expended last
year.
Mr. GROW. And the Senate propose to cut it
down.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; to $3,000,000 yearly,
and the Committee of Ways and Means propose
to make it $3,600,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers
upon agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Bliss were appointed.
The committee dividea; and the tellers reported
—ayes 81, noes 58.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting a provision that the expenses of
the collection on the Atlantic and Gulf coast shall
not exceed $2,500,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a point of
order. It is not in order for the House to legis-
late on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and decides the amendment to
be in order.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire, now, Mr. Chairman,
to conclude the remarks which your inexorable
hammer interrupted a few moments ago.
The usual answer to all attempts to retrench
the expenses of the Government is, " that they
have been authorized bylaw," and hence that
the appropriations must be voted; and this is the
argument which is made in the present case. But
the fact is, that hundreds upon hundreds of sub-
ordinates in the various custom-houses and in the
revenue service of the country are appointed, as
a matter of discretion, under laws which do not
command their employment, but are permissive in
their character, merely authorizing the employ-
ment of such force as the public scrvice requires.
In the past three or four years no less than six
hundred persons have been thus added to the
office-holders of this Government in this single
branch of its service. And I do not doubt that,
with the present diminution in our revenues, and
the fact that fewer persons will be needed t6 per-
form the manual and clerical labor of all kinds
connected therewith, nearly a thousand persons
could be dispensed with, without the slightest
injury to the efficiency of the service, saving at
least half a million of dollars per year—an im-
portant item, when the Government is plunging
so rapidly into an abyss of debt, keeping its head
above water, from day to day, by postponing
many of its debts, and obtaining fully half of its
receipts by shinplasters and loans. Certainly,
at such a time as this the most rigid economy
should be practiced; but when, in spite of the
dilapidated condition of our finances, the Depart-
ments send us estimates, asking $80,000,000 for
one year's expenses, there remains to this Con-
gress, or, if they refuse to perform it, to another
less wedded to the Administration, which the
people will elect this fall, the duty of inaugurating
the retrenchment which both necessity and true
policy command. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury could look, if he would, over the whole coun-
try, and see where officers could be dispensed
with; but, instead of reduction, he has demanded
in his estimates a larger amount by far for this
branch of his service than ever before was ex-
pended, when fifty per cent, more revenue was
collected than will be received this y#ar; and the
Committee of Ways and Means, finding that the
Senate will not concur in this, still insist on having
as much as was expended last year—the most
extravagant year, except the present one, ever
known in our national expenditures. I know
how strongly a dominant majority incline to fol-
lowthelead of their Ways and Means Committee,
and their Secretary of the Treasury; but I appeal
to them, when appropriations for rivers and har-
bors, for old soldiers, for private claimants, &c.,
are denied for lack of means, to apply the prun-
ing-hook of retrenchment in the service provided
for by this bill. Never was there a better oppor-
tunity, for this is an appropriation bill for office-
holders alone; and this House, which by the Con-
stitution is made a special guard on the Treasury,
as no other authority caVi originate an appropri-
ation bill, is the very body to insist that the Ad-
ministration should, in regard to the number and
cost of its subordinates, practice an economy
which as yet appears to be unknown.
I will not detain the House further, except to
say that the official tables before me show that,
in 1850, the cost of collecting the revenue was less
than five percent.,and that, from 1850 up to 1857,
it did not exceed six per cent.; while we are asked,
in this bill, to appropriate nine per cent. If we
"progress" in this way for a few years, I fear
that the toll will exceed the grist; and 1 again
appeal to the House not to accept this miscalled
compromise, which, instead of reducing, keeps
up undiminished the extravagant expenses of last
year, and retains in Government employ an army
of office-holders, one third of whom could be dis-
persed with actual benefit to the service itself.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, the expendi-
tures for the collection of the revenue grow out
of laws passed by the two Houses of Congress,
and approved by the President. If reform is ne-
cessary in reference to this branch of the public
service, let it be effected in a proper mode. We
have been here for a period of nearly six months,
and gentlemen on the other side have had oppor-
tunities of introducing bills for the purpose of
bringing about this reform m the abolition of what
they say are useless offices. It will be recollectcd
that, in the early part of the session, one of the
gentlemen on the other side of the House called
attention to this subject, and stated that, at the
place of his residence, there were useless offices,
and that he intended to introduce a bill for the pur-
pose of cutting them down. Other gentlemen
made pretty much the same statement; but now,
when we come to pass upon a bill for the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue, predicated on
the laws as they stand on the statute-books, we
find that no efforts of that sort have I5een made
during the entire session that is now about to
come to a close.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me a
word here ?
Mr. LETCHER. Not just now. The amount
required to collect the revenue under the laws, on
the Atlantic slope of the country, is $3,200,000.
The amount required on the Pacific slope is
$464,812. Now this bill is reduced to the very
lowest amount. We have brought it down $64,tfl2 4
beiow the actual amount required for the purpose,
so that we might put it at the very lowest point
which it is possible to get along with. If it can
be done below this sum, no doubt it will be done.
If these expenses are high, and are still increas-
ing, this House is censurable; for, by the multi-
plication of ports of entry and ports of delivery,
it has made the necessity for those officers whose
salaries are provided for under this bill. If re-
form is to begin, let it begin with particularitems.
Let these items be presented to this House, and
to the country; let a bill be predicated upon them;
and let that biil be passed. Whenever the num-
ber of officers is reduced, in that way there will
be a corresponding "reduction in the estimates.
The question being on Mr Colfax's amend-
ment,
Mr. COLFAX withdrew it.
