i 1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. dm
it was referred to a committee of five; they re-
ported in favor of admitting them, although the
convention act had limited the number to sixty;
they subsequently withdrew their application,
and it was never passed upon by the con\ention.
There was no expulsion, no refusal of seats.
One other fact, as I am giving a historical ac-
count of this matter, should not be overlooked.
The law provided that, after the registry had been
made, it should be copied, and put up in a num-
ber of public places in each precinct. The whole
list, as made out by the officials, was open to pub-
lic inspection; every man could go and examine
it. If he himself was omitted, he had a right to go
before a court,prove the fact, and have his name
inserted. If any man was improperly listed, who
ought not to be listed, who was not entitled to
rights under the law, on proof of that fact before
the court, his name would be stricken oif. For one
whole month there was an open court in every
county where they desired to avail themselves of
the benefits of this law. So far as 1 have exam-
ined, I have never seen a law that made more am-
ple provisions for fairness, for justice, for equal-
ity-
As to the manner in which it was executed, of
course we have differences of opinion; but the law
itself was good and just. The convention, then,
when it met, formed the constitution; they adopted
it for themselves; they submitted it not to the vote
of the people for ratification. It will be remem-
bered that one of the causes of complaint against
the convention is, that they did not submit the
constitution to the popular vote. When the con-
vention act was passed, Governor Geary vetoed
the bill, because it did not require the convention
to submit the constitution to a popular vote. Hence
the public were notified; the public knew what to
expect. It is of no use to tell me that the conven-
tion was under any obligation to submit the con-
stitution to a popular vote; for the facts and the
law are directly to the contrary. Governor Geary
had vetoed it, and yet two thirds of both Houses
passed it over his veto. What had the people a
right to expect from this? The convention was
under no obligation; it was a matter for the con-
vention to consider; and, as I have heretofore said,
I repeat, if the legislative authority of the Terri-
tory could dictate to the convention on one point,
they might undertake to dictate as to other points;
they might undertake to tell them what the con-
stitution should be; and that would defeat the
whole purpose of appealing to the people to elect
a convention, in order to form a constitution. It
must emanate from the people, not the Legisla-
ture. They, however, deemed it proper to submit
the slave question. It was submitted. I know
that the views of the minority repiesent this sub-
mission as being unfair and unjust—saying that
each man was compelled to vote for the constitu-
tion, and was not allowed to vote against the con-
stitution. That is incorrect; and it is a little sur-
prising to me that the Senator from Illinois should
so misunderstand the position of his own friends.
He quotes largely from the subsequent action of
the present dominant party in the Territorial Le-
gislature of Kansas. He even sends up the pre-
amble and resolutions passed by them; one of
which resolutions disproves the position taken by
that Senator, as well as by the Senator from Ver-
mont. It is this:
"And whereas, the members of said convention have re-
fused to submit then action foi the approval or disapproval
of the voters of the Tei ritory, and in thus acting have detied
the known wiil of nine tenths of the voters thereot."
The complaint here is that they submitted it un-
fairly. The complaint there is that theyreiused
to submit it. They did not submit it. The con-
stitution was finally adopted, save andexceptone
clause—that sanctioning African slavery. The
article on the subject of slavery was submitted to
a direct vote of the people. Here let it be borne
in mind, that when the clause on the subject of
slavery was submitted to a vote of the people, it
was submitted to the whole people, whether they
were registered under the registry law or not.
There can be no complaint that nineteen counties,
having no inhabitants, were disfranchised at this
vote; there can be no complaint that any individ-
ual in the Territory was disfranchised. All had
the unrestrained privilege of coming up and giving
utterance to their thoughts and their wishes on
this subject; and if any one did mot choose to avail
himself of that privilege, it is no reason why we
should illegally undertake to correct what they
have illegally been the cause of consummating.
If the men opposed to slavery have the majority,
as they assert, they could have voted out slavery;
| but it seems to me their object was to let it be
voted in by the pro-slavery party, and then, if
possible, defeat the whole constitution, and keep
up turmoil and confusion, to answer the ends of
wild speculation appealing to the fanaticism of the
East. Speculation in Kansas, aided by fanatical
societies in the East, the one feeding the other, is
the mode of procedure on the part of this party
in Kansas.
It is not my purpose and' object to put a check
to legitimate speculation. I have no objection to
it. What is done fairly, without endangering the
peace of the country, and without injustice to fel-
low-citizens, let it be done; but when town sites .
and the locations of capitals of new States are to
be parceled out, and a wild/urore is raised to rush
in a population on the pretext of excluding sla-
very, and yet they will not exclude it when they
have the power, but will keep the question open,
this discloses the object with which the whole
movement was undertaken, to wit: to fan the
I flames of excitement for political ends, for pecu-
niary reward, for speculation. To accomplish
this, Governor Walker says they could not suc-
ceed simply by appealing to the common sense
and judgment of the people, but they had hired
mercenaries sent out there. When the legal au-
thorities have extended the privilege of voting, of
registering, of acting, of deciding, even to merce-
naries; wiien they have had that privilege, and,
by the dictation of their superiors, did not exer-
cise it, shall we stay our action and perpetrate a
still greater wrong? I trust not.
It has been said, however, that the vote of the
4th of January for State officers remains yet in
doubt. Why, Mr. President, I should like to see
the Senator who would rise in his place and say
before the country that we have a right here, in-
dividually or collectively, to inquire what the vote
of any State is for its State officers. Where is the
man who will give utterance to such a fallacy as
that? He cannot be found. Why, then, make
a complaint over a subject with which you have
nothing to do ? The vote on the 4th of January,
on the constitution, was an illegal vote. Why?
The constitution was perfected, complete before.
Can the Legislatures of New York, Pennsyl-
vania, or Virginia, annul their constitutions by
submitting them to a vote of the people? They
cannot. If the prior steps of the Lecompton con-
stitution be binding, be legal, be such as we can
sanction by admitting them into the Union, all
the proceedings subsequent to the 21st of Decem-
ber last, when it was completed, are null and void.
It is, however, said that the vote on the 21stof
December was an illegal vote. It is so said m the
statement of the Senator from Illinois; and he says
it is illegal for two reasons: one is, because the
Territorial Legislature, on the 17th, had passed a
law postponing it. Could the Territorial Legis-
lature, on the 17th, interfere with the people; A
convention of delegates is equal to the people, and
it is just the same as if the people themselves were
acting. They act not in their own name; they
act as mere agents. The people cannot be inter-
fered with by a Legislature. Neither can the peo-
ple's agents be interfered with by a Legislature.
The people had delegated special authority to the
convention. No subsequent proceeding can annul
it, until it is exhausted in its exercise. Then sub-
sequent proceedings may be instituted, growing
out of the like authority, conducted in like or-
derly, legal manner, for changing that constitu-
tion. That is another point.
But his other objection is, that the Lecompton
convention had no right to pass an election law.
I had supposed it was well settled and well under-
stood by every Senator here, that a convention of
the people, if a legal body at all, was clothed with
power to perfect the ends for which it was brought
into being. There can be no question about this.
Hence, it had power to pass an election law, and
every convention that has ever met in this Union
has passed such laws. Even the Minnesota con-
vention passed laws. Itsaid, all laws of the Terri-
tory, not inconsistent with this constitution, shall
be continued until altered, amended, or repealed,
under the State government. Is not thatjcgisla-
tifi£: Do you not. m the schedules ot all tJu;
• constitutions made by aUtiic con', entions in tins
whole Union, uniformly find the same provision ?
They are clothed by the people with the same
power to perfect their work. The people have a
right to continue in existence old laws under the
new organization. The people delegate thatpower'
to the convention. It is invested with full power
to perfect the end for which it was brought into-
bejng, and no other authority on th&face of the-
globe can interfere with them. Not the whole-
Federal power brought together can stay their-
hand or check them in their career, when they
legitimately proceed to the consummation of the
end for which they were called into existence.
I know it is said, however, that this constitu-
tion does not embody the will of the people of
Kansas; and this is made thegreatpretextforthe-
opposition to the admission of that State. What
is the public will, as contradistinguished from the
making known of that wiil in the forms of law ? I
know no public will except as that public will
comes through the channel of the law. Then it
falls upon the ear with its commanding influence,
and none of us can be deaf to its commands; but
the wild cry of the infuriated mob is not the peo-
ple's voice, and we can never in this method as-
certain the people's will. It is through the chan-
nels of the law, purified, kept chaste, kept holy,
that we are to ascertain the people's will. When
the people go to the ballot-box and deposit their
votes, the people's will is known—notalways per-
fectly. Imperfection stamps all that is human;
but, according to the common consent of the hu-
man race, it has been found by the wisest states-
men on the face of the earth that this approxi-
mates to the best method of certainty in ascertain-
ing the people's will.
Here we have had first an opportunity in voting
whether there should be a convention or no con-
vention, and the people's will said, yes, there shall
be a convention; second, there was an opportu-
nity for the people to elect delegates to a conven-
tion, and the people elected their delegates, clothed
with power unrestricted and unrestrained; third,
the people had power to vote whether they would
have slavery or no slavery, and we hear the voice
of the majority again, six thousand seven hun-
dred and ninety-five voting on that question. It
may be, for aught I know, though I am not will-
ing to concede it, that there are more opposed to
it than six thousand seven hundred and ninety-
five. There is one thing I am satisfied of, that
the vote of the 4th of January, at which they pre-
tend they had a large majority—ten thousand
against the constitution—is not only void, as I
before remarked, but that it is spurious; they
have not the number in the Territory. The rea-
son why I think so, I shall postpone until a futura
period, and present it in a more tangible shape,
if it should bo necessary.
Thus the people's will has been made known.
The constitution, so far as we have a right to
know anything legally on the subject, is the peo-
ple's constitution, and embodies their will. The
power of amendment 1 have heretofore spoken of.
I have not a single doubt on that subject. The
people have the right; but, mark, the people must
exercise it in an orderly, legal manner. I know
that some say it is an anti-republican constitution
because the people's hands are tied up until the
year 1864. When Indiana was admitted, that
complaint was not made. Indiana said no change
in her constitution should be made for twelve
years after its adoption, and then after that, only
once in twelve years thereafter, [Mr. Jo^tes. Iowa
said so, too,] and yet they were admitted. Why
is it we cannot have as much liberality on these
subjects towards Kansas—e< bleeding Kansas,
■if vou please—to heal her wounds and restore
peace > Why not be just ? Why not extend the
same rule to her, and say it is a matter with the
people, and with the government of that State,
and not a matter for the supei vision of Congress .
But look at the hypocrisy—I must use a har*h
word, and apply it to those to whom it properly
applies in Kansas—of those who say that is evi-
dence of its being anti-republican, when their own
Topeka constitution, in favor of which the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont made an elaborate
report, and thought the good of the country re-
quired the Topeka constitution to be here regarded
as the constitution of the State of Kansas, and the
State admitted under it, with a population then
Jfiss than ivputy-five thou^nnd,said there should
bo no change 111 tiiat constitution until the year
■ ^
