1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19&
the liberty of reminding the Senator that the mo-
tion before the Senate is one simply to postpone
the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
Mr. BRODERICK. I should like to say a
word, since the gentleman has made a speech.
, When I introduced the resolution now under
consideration, I had not the information from the
Post Office Department to which the Senator re-
fers; and I do not want, at this time, to make any
use of it. As the Senator from Florida stated that
the information I wanted to'get from the Post
Office Department could be of no use to the Sen-
ate or to myself, I thought he was of the opinion
that tnis officer had committed no misconduct in
office, and I wanted to remind the Senate that he
had—at least that I thought he had. I shall be
prepared, when the name of this officer is sent in
for confirmation, to prove that he has been guilty
of very bad conduct in office.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
FRAUDS UPON THE REVENUE.
Mr. §IMMONS. In December last, I gave no-
tice that I should ask leave to introduce a bill to
prevent the continuance of frauds upon the reve-
nue. I gave this notice during the consideration of
the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] which was then laid over. I now
ask leave to introduce the bill, and I desire to have
it printed for the consideration of the Senate, and
I should like to have some early day in next week
assigned for the consideration of that resolution.
If it be in order, I should like to have it assigned
for Monday next, when I will call it up and ex-
plain the provisions of the bill.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S. No.
320) to prevent the continuance of fraud upon the
revenue, by the under valuation of foreign im-
ports; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move that the bill be
printed for the information of the Senate; and I
should like to have the resolution offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, which has two branches
to it, one providing for a system of home valua-
tion, and the other for increasing the revenue, as-
signed for a day when I may explain the object
of the bill.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Has the bill been sent to
any committee ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; but I have had a
consultation with the Committee on Finance, and
they would like to have it printed and considered
without being sent to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
understand what resolution the Senator refers to.
Mr. SIMMONS. The resolution offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, in December last, which
was laid on the table temporarily.
Mr. CLAY. The hour has arrived for the spe-
cial order, and I hope we shall proceed with it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let us assign this bill for
Monday.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator, in the mean time,
can look up the resolution and have it found.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The.resolution has
been found; but the time has arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be glad
to correct an error in a statement of mine, made
the day before yesterday. I stated, in the course
of the debate on the printing bill, on Tuesday last—
"Why, sir, there is a single item of public printing, which
lias been in the course o"f prosecution for the last fifteen
years, and is not yet completed, and there is not now, that
we are aware of, a solitary entire copy of the work in ex-
istence. Thirty volumes have already been printed, and it
is not yet complete. I have inquired m our public library,
and I cannot find a complete copy of it."
There is an error in that statement, as I am now
informed there are a number of complete copies.
Some of the copies are incomplete, in consequence
of fire having destroyed them, but I believe the
number of thatclass is only about twenty. There
are a good number of complete copies. Iinquired
at the congressional library, some months since,
and was then told that there was no complete copy
in the congressional library, as I understood; but
I am now informed that there are complete copies
of the work in the congressional library. I wish
to make this correction, and to say, that the work
has extended to thirty-six volumes, thus far. I
allude to Wilkes's exploring expedition. [ will
also call attention to the fact that I said on that
occasion—
I' These matters seem to be got up to gratify the personal
pride and personal ease of officers who engage in expedi-
tions and surveys, rather than for any other purpose."
That was rather a personal expression, perhaps;
and I believe was wrong. I do not think I should
use it in that way. They are not got up for this
purpose. In the first place, they are got up for
some great public and useful purpose; but in gen-
eral debate here, we sometimes, perhaps, unwit-
tingly make remarks that have a tendency to assail
gentlemen. My attention has been called to this;
and I do not like to do any injustice. I do not
wish to make that charge; and I do not. I do not
believe these expeditions are got up for the per-
sonal ease and comfort and honor of the officers
under whom they are co> ducted; and, in giving
utterance to that expression in the first instance,
I went, in the latitude of debate, perhaps a little
too far.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rive^ for the consideration of the special order,
being the bill for the admission of Oregon into .the
Union, which is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whtile.
Mr. CLAY. That is not the special order for
to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; it is the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CLAY. But when the h our arrives \vhl. 'l
is assigned for the special order, as I understand,
according to the rules of the Senate you must pro-
ceed with that. That is my understanding; but I
may be in error.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the day before stands at the head of
all tlie special orders, and becomes the first order
for the next day.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] desires to proceed
to-day, and I move to postpone the Oregon bill
until to-morrow at one o'clock, so that we may
goon with the fishing bounties bill.
Mr. CLAY. Move the postponement without
naming any particular hour.
Mr. HUNTER. I make the simple motion to
postpone.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Maine
came in to-day for the purpose of making a speech,
and desires to do so, I shall feel bound to yield;
but I can only do so on the condition that the Or-
egon bill be postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock, and made the special order for that time,
so that it may not lose its priority.
Mr. HUNTER. To-morrowisprivatebillday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it is postponed to enable
the Senator from Maine to make a speech, with
the understanding that it does not lose its priority,
I shall not object; but I do not feel at liberty to
consent that it shall lose its priority and go behind
all the other special orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must go behind
all before it, if it be postponed.
Mr. STUART. I suppose, if the suggestion
of the Senator from Alabama is taken, that the
bill be merely postponed, it may come up again
to-day. The Senator from Maine may get through
with his remarks in time for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is merely
postponed now for the purpose of enabling the
Senate to take up the other bill, it will come up
next.  
Mr. HUNTER. I so modify my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. With that explanation, I
have no objection to it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 10)
repealing all laws or parts of laws allowing boun-
ties to vessels employed in the bank or other cod
fisheries.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the relations
which the fisheries have borne in every country
to the commercial and naval prosperity of that
country, I think, are intimate and important.
They are measured by no narrow vision; they
are circumscribed by no local position; and I
think if the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay]
had risen above the mere locality of the fisheries,
and had proceeded to make an investigation of the
subject upon a broader principle, he might have
come to a different conclusion—at least he might
have divested himself of that bitterness which was
witnessed in the sneer upon his face, if not in the
language which he uttered when he said that the
taking of cod was a momentous concern. The
mere act of taking cod may be objectionable, if
the Senator pleases, to that sneer; but when meas-
ured by other considerations that justly and prop-
erly belong to it, and when viewed in an enlight-
ened sense—in that sense which belongs to an
American statesman and to an American Senator
—it is worthy of anything else but the sneer of
any Senator. The fisheries are local. The Ruler
of the world has made them so. The waters of
the far North are the fields in which the fish are
taken, and it would be natural to suppose that
the people residing near to those fields are em-
ployed iti that pursuit. Though they are local,
they are, nevertheless, in their importance, na-
tional. So the fields in which the sugar-cane is
cultivated are peculiar to that State which is rep-
resented by the Senator who sits beside me, [Mr.
Benjamin;] and I affirm here to-day that while
you pay a bounty to the fishermen, for national
purposes, as I shall endeavor to establish, you pay
a bounty, by your system of revenue laws, to the
planters and growers of sugar-cane in Louisiana.
You may say tha* the one is based upon revenue,
and for revenue purposes. My answer is, that the
other is for a purpose as national, and as broad;
and that is, of training seamen for the naval ser-
vice.
In every country which has existed from the
formation of the world to the present time, the re-,
lations between the fisheries and the commerce
and the naval power of the country have been in-
timate and direct. Indeed, sir, there is no coun-
try on the face of the globe that has been marked '
and distinguished for its naval or its commercial
supremacy, that has not had a corps of fishermen
from which to support both of these institutions.
From the days of Scripture times, from the day
when Sidon was founded, which was the city of
fish, down to the present moment, there has been
no nation that has not relied for its commercial
and its naval prosperity upon its fisheries as nurse-
ries for seamen, to supply both its commerce and
its navy. It is not my purpose now to follow,
in detail, the positions which have been advo-
cated by the Senator from Alabama, though, in
the line of argument which I propose, I think I
shall very fully meet the suggestions which he
has made. One position, however, which that
Senator has assumed requires a direct answer and
investigation, and it is as to the nature and origin
of these bounties. The Senator has followed pre-
cisely the line of argumentlaid down in the report
made by Mr. Benton in the Senate in 1846. Mr.
Benton elaborated the points, as the Senatorfrom
Alabama has done, in an argument. The Senator
has told us that these bounties originally were de-
signed as a drawback for the duties imposed upon
the salt consumed in the fisheries. Well, sir, I
am not disposed to deny that in the early history
of this matter, the amount of duty imposed upon
salt had a controlling influence upon many minds;
nor am I noiv disposed to deny that the relief, the
protection, the aid, the bounty—call it by what-
ever name you may please—that was granted by
the Government, had, at that time, a relative con-
nection with the duty imposed upon salt. It ia
true; I do not deny it; but still I affirm that it was,
nevertheless, just as much a relief to the fisher-
man as though it had been a bounty conferred
upon him in another form, and in another man-
ner. What did it matter to him whether the money
which he received for following his avocation was
received in direct terms from the Treasury, or
whether it was drawn from the Treasury as a
drawback for the duty on the salt which he had
used ? To him it was precisely the same.
But, sir, that that is the policy to-day, that it
was finally the policy which the Government in
its wisdom adopted, I deny; and I disagree with'
the Senator from Alabama when he draws the
conclusion that the system which exists to-day
has any connection with the duties or drawbacks
upon salt. The last law on the subject, which
was passed in 1813, gave a bounty in words, and
it fixed it upon the tonnage of the vessel, and that
bounty was regulated according to the size of the
vessel. It is true that in the same bill a duty of
twenty cents a bushel was imposed upon salt;
but the fair interpretation of that act is, that it
