mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
I.Q05, one year longer than this of Lecompton. j
That was ail light, proper, j'tst, republican—po- ;i
ctrliatiy republican •- anil was suppom d not only
by Republicans, but by those w ho have a Chris- ,
lian name (black) attached to them. Nov,-, how- 1
evei, when Evansas comes up with a constitution ;
winch does not say u shell not ho changed untih
18G4, wh it do wo find ' The constitution of t!te ■
Topeka convention said no change should be made
until 'he y< ar 1865. the constitution of Kansas
says after the year 1861 chunks may be made m
a certain method. Souk argue that belore (he
year 1864 they may be made in other methods ■
than those mentioned m the constitution; but after ;
the year 1$64, they can be made only in a certain ,
manner, as therein stated; but I care nothing about i
these legal quibbles. I have ever held this to be ;
the true doctrine: that whenever a government \
undertakes to reform itself, it must comply with •
the constitution which prescribes the mode; but ;
whenever the people, through then- legal organi- j
zation, choose to call a convention and exercise j
their original rights, they may disregard the con- ;
stitution altogether.
The constitution docs not consist of one clause !
only, but you must harmonize it all. One clause
says the^pe-ople have an inalienable n^ht at a!! '
times to alter, change, amend, oi abolish the ir con-
stitution. Anothei clause says after the year 186* 1 :
the Legislature may do so, taking the initiative j
towards an amendment of the constitution. Give :
force and effect to these two provisions, and to ;
what point do you ariive* That if the Govern-
ment itself undertakes to change the constitution,
it must follow the mod': pointed out in the consti- :
tution: bui if the people instruct their Legislature ;
to call a convention, it is an exercise of original ;
power declared- sacred in the constitution. You
must give force and effect to that piovision as well
as to the other, and giving force and effect to
portion of ruy report i:i which ,ns he says, I speak
of nine teen count les not having been registered. 1
am indeed sanx what paiticular in relation to my
asseverations of fact; and on that point 1 am a
hub f-en-itive, perhaps unneeess inly so I think
the geii'ienvin miht have confounded some other
ihmir wall that In my report \ said nothiugabout
nineteen counties. 1 wish to put that statement
and to enable us to vi°w how we have obtained
this difference of posiMon, and to look forwaid
from it to the degree of progress which wo arc
calculating to make in iho future, would require
some considerable length of time; but still I think
! it ought to be presented.
i Prior to the year 18.>4, Congress had, by acts
1 of legislation at various periods, settled the sub-
net befoie I proceed with the ease. What 1 did '! ject of slavery in every inch of territory that this
say on that point w^l be found at page t?4 of the 1 * ' 111
document containing the reports in tins case.
Mr. GREEN Here it is page 66.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not my icport.
Mr. GREEN. 1 find, on examination, that
page 66 is part of Judge Douglas's report.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is another man's
work. I said no such thing in my report.
Mr. GREEN. On page 84, in the report of the
Senator from Vermont, 1 find this statement, in
regard to the census and registration:
"Thu was, hy accident oi design, very imperfectly done
m many counties-: and in ill most halt' of the cminiic-, some
of'which weiv? amon^ th<  most populous ot the Teuitoiy,
it u\i-> CiMmcjv neglected/'
This is still more objectionable than as I pre-
sented it.
Mi\ COLLAMER.. The gentleman said that
I had stated that nineteen counties were not regis-
tered. I have made no such statement.
Mr. GREEN The idea is there.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I said nothing about any
number. 1 said that the census and registration
which was ordered to be made in Kansas was
very imperfectly done in many counties, and that
in almost one lialf the counties it was neglected
entirely. That is not a matter of dispute. The
gentleman says that i have declared that some of
these counties were among the most populous
counties of the Territory. They dearly were,
some of them; and if the Scnaior will turn to the \\ how this has been effected r
country owned. I do not say it was ail done at
one time, by one act; but by a succession of acts,
making together an entire complete arrangement.
How stood it then? In the territory which we
acquired from Fiance, all that portion of it south
j of the line of 36° 3J' north latitude was open to
slavery or not, as the people who might inhabit
it should choose. In relation to all that country
which we had acquired by our treaty with Mex-
ico, it was arranged that the States formed out of
that territory should be admitted as free States or
slave States as their constitutions might prescribe
at the time of admission. The condition of Oregon
was settled and declared to be against slavery, and
all the territory acquired from Prance in the Lou-
isiana purchase north of the line of 36° 30' was
dedicated to freedom, and had been for a third
of a century.
Occupying that stand point, could any man,
looking at it in its then condition, have antici-
pated that in fourbrief years the whole of this ad-
justment would be utterly destroyed, all these
arrangements of peace obliterated, and that north
of 36° 3D', then almost utterly uninhabited, he
would find what the President tells us is this day
the State of Evansas, aslaveholding State, as abso-
lutely such as South Carolina or Georgia ? Is not
that a very striking contrast? Is it not a contrast
that must command the attention even of a casual
observer, and demand of us that we should inquire
both those provisions, we necessarily come to the ij catalogue of votes which is quoted in the report jj In order to understand the nature of the ar-
i ..... — . .1 !i 0f tbe'Senator from U.inois, he will find that the [\ rangement of which i have spoken, we have to
conclusions I have stated.
But again, the people cannot be cheated out of |[
their original right by incorporating into the con- -i
stitution the only mode in which the people can
change ir. f will illusirate: some constitutions <
say two thirds of each House, at two successive |
sessions, may make changes in the constitution. !
if the governing power undettakes to make a ;j
change, they must have two thuds of each House |i
at two successive sessions, to comply with ihe 'j
constitution; but while this may be the mode in \-
which the government may change itself, the Le- i:
gislaturc can pass a law, at (he instance of the i
people, saying the people may elect members to '
a convention repiesentmg themselves, and make
their own constitution in their own way. This i
original right is clear and indisputable when 1 .
state it in this way; and they cannot be cheated ;
out of it by incorporating into it the only mode
in which the people can act; for their right is |.
older than the constitution, anterior to the consti- :j
tution, and cannot be tied up or conveyed away |j
by the constitution The right of s«'!f-govern- I'
ment is not the right of a mob; but it is the right j;
of change,of improvement, of amendment, to be [j
exercised m a legal, orderly way. i cannot rcc- '!
ognize the right of a body of men, gathered in a ;;
tumultuous assemblage, and disregarding the law- ;;
ful authorities, undertaking to change their con- i.
stitution; but, through their members in the Le- |j
gi>kiture, they have the right to call a convention
and in that convention they have the right to a j coming it wearies him.
comities notiegistered had sonic fourteen hundred
votes. This point, however, is ratheV a digrcs- '
sion; but I wished to set it right before proceed- '
mg with mv remai Ks. j
Mr. President, I am fully aware that a large ;
part of the members of the Senate, and probably
a considerable number of the community, regard 1
this as a very worn out "and thieadbaie subject; I
and they desiie to have even iheLecompton con- i
stitution adopted, so that it may be ended. They ;
desire that they may get nd of being troubled I
with ihis matter, not lo oximine into llcatefully !
and see what they should do, but toavoid the ex-
amination of itatall. I must acknowledge that I
participate a little in that species of feeling myself. ]
I am, E will not say exactly lazy, but naturally a !
little tired; and I do not like long, tedious mves- 1
ligations; but, after all, I do not feel disposed to
shove ihem aside merely for my ease. I rerneni- ;
ber an instance of that kind in a Book which wc i
all ought to know. A certain judge madeareso- i
lution that he would avenge a certain widow of her !
adversary, for a certain reason: that is, because by '
her nurh coming she troubled him. Some may
say, " we will end this subject of Kansas in this
way, because, by its much coming here, it will
trouble us. *' Who was that character^ He was-
called the unjustjud^e, that neither feared God nor
regarded man. A just judge should proceed to
the examination of the subject, though by much
voice that shall lefonn every provision which
they deem obnoxious.
Mr. President, E have said all I desire to say
on these subjects, i have discussed them fully
before, and J have only said this much now, be-
cause I wish to treat the Senator fiom Vermont
wuh no discourtesy, and he insisted that I should
make some opening remarks; in other words, say
something which should constitute a hook upon
which he might hang his speech. Having done
theft, I shall Wait further discussion, and before
the close of the debate I
meet objections that may
further continuation of the debate. I ask leave to
have printed the amendment I shall propose, and
which I have already indicated.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Missouri has said that he very seldom
has occasion to disagree with me in matters of
Mi. President, there are, m the progress of na-
tions and of men, occasional points of time, and
occasional hill-tops of the journey, which present
to us contrasts so very striking that they will
inquire who made it? from what authority did it
spring'who exercised that authority ? and how
long had it been exercised 5 It was the action of
Congress legislating on the subject of slavery in
the territory beyond the limits of particular States.
When did it begin? It began with the Govern-
ment; and it was exercised at every stage of its
existence, under the administration of almost
every President that occupied the chair, by every
political party that has ever been m power. I do
not say that if has been exercised in any one par-
ticular way, but the power has been exercised;
and it becomes us a little to ascertain how, in
what maimer, and at what period. I shall not go
into any very great detail on this point; I have
had occasion heretofore to do so. Beyond the
Ohio, all things were settled according to the
" arrangement of the ordinance of 1787. That or-
dinance was ratified bv Congiess; and as new
jj Territories were formed, in consequence of new
|i States being admitted from that region, the ordi-
nance was reenacted, and slavery was prohibited
■\ in every Territory formed northwest of the Ohio
j j river. This was an exercise of the power of
; Congress over the subject of slavery in the Tcr-
I, ritories.
\\ When they came to legislate in relation to a
j country where slavery existed to any appreciable
! extent, did Congress leave it'to the people there
I to be a topic of discord and contention among
;! them m their infancy, and in the gristle of their
;! youth5 Not at all. To say nothing now about
,! the case of the cession by North Carolina of that
;j which now makes Tennessee, let me take the case
,, of the Mississippi Territory ceded to the United
command the attention even of a very indifferent b States by Georgia. Slavery existed m that Ter-
nu;n :« — — , ritory, and did not Congress legislate about it?
Certainly they did. Let it always be remembered
observer. These hill-tops in our journey which
thus arrest our attention and present their con-
trasts, afford us an opportunity to look back upon
the pi ogress we have made, and upon the foot-
steps by which we have advanced to it, and to
look forward, too, from the same point to the prog-
that no principle on earth is better settled than
this: that the power to regulate a thing includes
the power to prohibit it. The power to regulate
commerce includes the power to lay an embargo,
may have occasion to gress which we may calculate upon m the future, jj and to lay an embargo unlimited m time: it has
be biought up in the || Thecontiast which is presented to us m i elation b so been decided. Congress legislated on the sub-
to the action of Congn ss on the subject of slavery
in the Terntories is between tiie present time
and four years ago. How stood this subject on ,
the 1st of March, 1854; and how stands it now ? 1
The contrast is a very great one; and it should !
command the attention even of an ordinary and
ject of slavery in the Mississippi Territory in
1793, during the Presidency of the elder Adams.
En forming the territorial government for Missis-
sippi, where slavery existed, and where Georgia
had ceded it on the condition that it should not
be abolished, Congress regulated the matter and
fact. That may, perhaps, be somewhat compli- ! casual observer. In order to have thai contrast -! prohibited the imj£ortation*into that Territory of
mentary; but 1 desire to ask him to turn to that d presented with sonic distinctness to the mind, 11 slaves from abroad. Congress could
not consti-
