1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pff
which they have desired to submit, but no oppor-
tunity has been afforded them.
It seems to me, sir, that the subject is of suffi-
cient importance to demand the consideration of
this House. The Senate has taken Action. Why
\ should the immediate Representatives of the peo-
\ V rema*n silent? That these outrages have been
j^ committed, nobody can deny. Twelve times in
**tthe waters of a foreign nation our flag has been
insulted in the presence of a foreign people! More
than twenty times within the last two months our
ships have been stopped, searched, and (in some
cases) fired into; and all this in violation of good
faith, and in violation of the plain law of nations,
as expounded by Webster and Calhoun, as de-
cided by Stowell and Story. The rule which has
been violated I take to be this, and I shall be !
brief: that on the sea all nations are equal—that
every flag is sacred which symbolizes an honest
nationality—and, therefore, it is not for one na-
tion or for many nations to arrogate to itself or
to themselves the right to act as the police of the
seas. This rule consists well with the doctrine
which permits any one of them or all of them to
take the pirate wherever he may be found. The
same rule, I take it, governs on the sea as gov-
erns on land. You may pursue the murderer into
the freeman's home, if you will; but you must be
sure of his character in that respect. You may
take the pirate on the sea wherever you can find
him: but you must be sure, in taking him, not to
touch the rights of the man who is not a pirate.
Now, ourcitizens, who have been insulted did not
looklike pirates, did not act like pirates, and did
not prove to be pirates. Therefore, an outrage
has been committed on them. Now, those who
committed it acted under instructions, or they did
not. If they acted under instructions, an act of
war has been committed, if we choose so to con-
sider it. if they did not act under instructions,
then, sir, they fall into the category of thieves
and robbers of the sea, to be dealt with accord-
ingly. Look at it as you will, it seems thatgross (
outrages have been committed, which demand j
instant reparation, and justify instant retalia-
tion.
Now, sir, in the presence of these facts—all
agreeing as to the nature of the outrages, all
agreeing as to the law violated by them—what is ;
the attitude of the Administration? Does it resent
the insult? It admits that the law has been vio-
lated. Does it seek, by any action, to vindicate
the violated law? Sir, inferring from its acts and
its words, it takes this position—it tells us to
pause, wait, negotiate. What on earth is there
to negotiate about ? Do^s not every man see that
by taking this position the Administration yields
the point of honor: Does not every man see that
it lakes a position of disadvantage r England will
have a right to infer that the question is an open
one. Wait to hear from England? What for?
What can England say ? The insult has been
offered, and who is to resent itr Is England to
resent it? The law has been violated; and is Eng-
land to vindicate the violated law? If we sink
her ships, or bring them into port, can England
complain: Is it not England's hereditary policy
to promote those who show z<-al in her cause,
even when they pass the bounds of law? Where
is Crampton? Did he suffer? Ought she not
lather to thank us ? If she avows the act, then
it is an act of war; and if she does not, let us pun-
ish her officers who do it, in such a way that they
will never do it again.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts,
whether he would plunge the country in war, (as
he seems to be condemning the Administration
for not doing it.) without waiting until we know
whethur these acts of outrage are authorized by
the British Government or not?
Mr. BURLINGAME. The course I indicate
is the way to peace and honor. I plunge this
country into war! No, sir, I want no war; hut
1 Wiint no insult. England will thank us for vin-
dicating the law, if she holds to the decisions of
her great judge. _ .. ,
Mr. GRANGER. How long are Ave allowed
to debate a loan bill of $35,000,000?
The CHAIRMAN. Thirty minutes is the
time allotted for general debate.
Mr. GRANGER. So 1 thought.
Mr. KL'RLINGAME. The House knows that
I have not pressed myself upon its deliberation
often during this session. I have notaskeO many
favors of the House. [Cries of "Go on !"]
It seems to me, sir, that the Administration is
not up to the mark in this matter—that it does
not reflect the real spirit of the people. I detect
a shrinking back from responsibility—from a vin-
j dication of our rights—on every hand. The peo-
! pie ask it not to be rash, but firm—to stand to
| its declarations; that it shall be good in its deeds
! as in its words. I fear, from the signs, that we
| are to have the " fifty-four forty or fight" over
| again, and then backdown to forty-nine—yielding
j up Vancouver's Island, the finest in the Pacific.
1 I detect this shrinking back, in the long time
taken by the President to respond to the call of the
I House for information; and when he did respond
j with startling facts, why did he not make a re-
; quest or a recommendation? I detect it in the
; letter of your Secretary of State to Mr. Dallas,
; the sting of which is for Spam, and not for Eng-
; land. Weak Spain, that cannot, with her shnv-
: eled arm respond to our blow, is to be punished
; for an insult committed upon our shipping, which
j she could not prevent, and did not approve! I
; detect it in the general and mystical orders given
i by the Secretary of the Navy to the Gulf squad-
1 ron—more general and mystical, if possible, thtm
those under which Captain Chatard was recalled
for not doing an act, and Paulding censured for
doing the very same act, in the very same place.
I detect it in the resolutions of the Committee on
Foreign Relations of the Senate. Those resolutions
were properly characterized by Senator Toombs.
The report going before them contains good doc-
trine, but the resolutions are pointless and aim-
less.
If all this did not convince me of the feeble pol- ! j
icy of the Government, I could no longer doubt, [j
after the demand, by bill, by the friends of the ]|
President, for power to war upon the little dying ; j
States of Central America. Yet, sir, when the jj
question was put by a friend of the Administra- ,i
tion, as to whether they desired the power to rc- |!
sent the insult by England, the response was em- !|
phatic, that they did not. Why not ask for power , j
to resent the insult against that nation as well as *|
against a small nation ? If the President has not .
the power to resent it, why does he not ask us for ■'
it? I have no doubt ai all, that if there is cause
| for it, the people's Representatives will respond, I
' with every dime and every man in this country, j
to vindicate the freedom of the seas. We all re- .
member that, when one man was imprisoned.,in :
Maine, the Senate unanimously, and the House j
with only a few dissenting votes, responded very i
promptly—the gallant Clay leading the patriotic
feeling of the Senate; and John Gtumcy Adams, ■
who never gave his voice or never gave his vote
against his country in his life, led the patriotic
fervor in this House. I will not dwell on that
point.
J Arfc we sure that the President has used all the
! power he has, for the purpose of repelling inva-
i sion and resenting insult? If he could use the
! marines to shoot down American citizens m the
! streets of Washington, could he not repel the for-
i eignfoe? If he could pursue and assault Walker
I upon a foreign soil, and bring him back to this ■
country, could he not assault and. beat back an ;
j. enemy that invaded the sacred soil of our coun- ;
': try ? For I take it, that the deck of an American ,
j vessel is the soil of the country. _ j
' But, if there is any doubt as to his power, let ;
. him ask for it, and we will respond. I do not ;
, propose that we shall give him general, wander-
ing,' vagrant power to attack nations, weak and ■
j1 small; hut if England insult us, I will give him |
]' specific power,atour hand,to strike England; if
|i Paraguay insult us, I wdl give him specific pow- ;
er, as the hand of the Union, to strike Paraguay. 1
| I am jealous of the assumption of power by the ;
President; I think that he has assumed it: I think j
!; that he has intervened to trample down the rights !
'i of American citizens upon American soil; but I ,
!; am constrained to say that he has not at any time
■ exhibited any special activity m vindicating the j
! n^lus of the country against a foreign foe, I voted j
!' uTfive him the power m the case of Paraguay. ;
, I did it, because the citizens of my own section—
; not because they belonged to New England, for
! I would have done it as well if they were from
!, Mississippi or South Carolina—hrd outrages.
committed upotfthem. Their property had been
destroyed; they had been driven by the tyrant,
Lopez, out of a country to which they had been
invited; one of our national vessels, too, had been
fired into.
Mr. COX. Did the gentleman vote for the ten
sloops?
Mr. BURLINGAME. I would like to an-
swer that question; I will do so, if I have time.
Our ship of war, on a peaceful expedition, in
neutral waters, was fired upon, and an American
citizen killed upon her deck. And when* we sent
commissioner after commissioner there, they were
spurned away by the tyrant, Lopez, without re-
dress. It was because of this destruction of the
property of my countrymen, it was because of
this insult to our dignity and our pride, it was
because the blood of American citizens had for
years cried for vengeance from the waters of the
distant Parana, that I votpd to bestow upon the
President of the United States, not a discretion
to make war—for that we did ourselves—but a
discretion only in favor em vita—in favor of hu-
manity—to make peace. I voted in favor of grant-
ing that discretion, and would vote to do it again.
I am proud of that vote. The President has done
right in reference to that matter. Though I may
differ with him, and do differ with him radically,
upon many points of his policy, I shall not be so
recreant to the interests of my country, so blinded
by party zeal, as not to give him the assistance of
my vote, and my"hand, if need be, when I see
him honestly seeking to vindicate the honor of my
country, and the dignity of my native land.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. BURLINGAME. I cannot yield to my
fiiend from Georgia. I know that his question
would be pertinent and friendly, but I cannot, for
I have not the time.
Mr. COX. I would like to have the gentleman
answer my question.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I should be pleased,
had I time, to answer all your questions, but my
time is nearly up.
I can only say, in general terms, that the foreign
policy of this Government has been weak and
vacillating. Its agents have been of such a char-
acter as to cause the weak nations to hate us, and
the great nations to despise us. This weakness
anil vacillation have invited all these insults—for
everybody insults us now. Chili does it; and
Paraguay, and. New Granada, and China, insult
us; Spain has fired into the El Dorado; the Dutch
imprisoned Captain Gibson, and destroyed his
property; and after the Government undertook to
redress his wrongs, it backed out. Look at New
; Granada! They kill our citizens by the score,
1 violate our rights and the laws of nations; and
' yet our people are asked to pause and negotiate!
And what does negotiation accomplish? Where
| now is your Cass-Herran treaty? If we are to
j credit the last report, a treaty with New Granada
. has been defeated.
j And what is the state of things in Central Amer-
| ica?—a point where we need all the skill and di-
: plomacy of our Government. Is there a member
I of this House who can recall the name of a single
distinguished agent of this Government who has
been sent to that delicate point, where our mter-
| ests arein greatest danger? Thegenius of Fiance
is at work there; she is molding that people into
I a confederacy; she has obtained grants from the
! Central American States, which will shut down
' the gates directly in the way to our own great
i Pacific possessions.
! But last, and worse than all, England in our own
! waters is committing insults on our flag; and it
' seems to mo the time has come, and the fullness
j of time, for this people to put forth its energies
' and manifest its power; and I would treat Eng-
! land precisely as 1 would treat the meanest Power
i upon the face of the earth.
i But it may be said we shall have a war. I say,
i not so. If 'England does not mean to vindicate
! for herself the right of search, these difficulties
i can lead to no war. If she does, I ask if there is
! an American citizen anywhere who is willing to
| yield up the freedom of the seas ? Then there
, can be no war.
| I make no crusade against England. I honor
' her for her courage, and I respect her because she
vindicates the rights of her citizens upon every
