1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tutionnlfy do tlint in the States until 1808: but ten jj
ycat* befoie flint time they prohibited u in that1!
Terr.uuy-' That uas legisiat i ng directly and ox- ::
pres&ly on the subject of slavery in the Territo- !;
ries; regutating it. ;;
In 1803,afterthe acquisition of Louisiana, On- ;
gross*, iit the formation of iho Tem;orv of Oi leans, i
matio ihiee leading ptovisaons on this subject. ■■
Slavery existed in that Territory. It existed ex- 'J
tensivUy in the lower part of ihe Tt rritory—ex- :!
frmsively, 1 mean, in pioportion to tli<- population.
Congress providt d, in th«j fust jilace, that no slaves ; j
should he taken into that Tei i itory, except in fain- [|
ilits for oettleincnt. Did they dream that they !
had no power to prohibit the introduction of slaves \
into that Territory ? They never dreamed of it at 1
that day; for it wets further provided, that if slaves j
should "be taken into that Territory for sale, they j
should be thereby freed, and the men bringing ;
them in should be subject to penalties. Was not :
that directly regulating and prohibiting the im- j
portation of slaves into that Territoi y r Clearly. !
They went on further to ptovide that no slaves j
should be taken there even in the families of tin ir |
masters for settlement, if tin y had been imported ]\
in the United Stat<^ since 1793. The meaning; of J
that was this: ''We told you when we foivned die jt
Mississippi Territory, that we, the General Gov- !;
ornment of the United States, where we could lay '
our hands on the importation of slaves, would ■
prohibit it; you understood (hat; and we now tell .
you that if you have brought any slaves into any !
of the States after that expression of our opinion", j
you shall not take them into this Temtory ot'-j
ours." ;
Little of trouble, little of controveisy, between ;
the different pans of the United Slater, arose on I
those occasions. They went on quietly by a sort it
of common consent until the admisMon of Mis- j
souri,in 1820. Then a difTieulty arose; then lhere 1
was a controveisy; and what was done' Con-;'
press found great difficulty in settling it; but they ;!
followed a very cailyexample. " Abraham said
unto Lot, let there be-no strife, I pray thee, be- :
tween me and ihee,and between my herdrnen and j
thy heidmcii, for wc be brethren; if thou wilt j
take the left hand, then i will go to the right; or, j
if thou depart to the light hand, then I will go to j
the left." A line was drawn through where they j
stood, and Lot looked out upon the great plain— ,
then a great and rich plain of Joidan—and he i
journeyed to the east and occupied jt, and the |
controversy ceased. How did onr fathers do in
1820? There was a controversy between their •>,
herdmen; and they said, let there be no strife be- j]
tween our clnldien, for wc arc brethren. They jj
ran a line and the strife ended. All was peace j|
from that time until we got some moie territory, ;i
which wc acquired by the treaty of peace with ^
Mexico. There had , however, in the meantime,
been anotheracquisnion—Texas—about which 1 ^
do not propose to speak at large now; butonthat ■
occasion the same line was run, and no contro- |
versy existed on that point. ;
In regard to the acquisitions from Mexico, some .
difficulty arose; and it is said now, and much in- i
sisted upon, that on that occasion a principle was '
established which required the repeal of the Mis- j,
souri compromise m 1854. 1 have even heard it
repeated this &ession, that the reason why the .■
Missouri compromise was ultimau ly repealed, by j.
the exertions of the South and t lie northern lriends ,
who joined them, was because they proposed to ;
extend that linn thiough the ten itory acquired ,
from Mexico, and the northern people would not
agree to it. What a strange excuse is this! The ;
question we are discussing in these days is, had -
Congress power to prohibit slavery in any part j
of any Territory? because, if they had, they ,
could prohibit u in ail. Did not those men who ;
made the proposition to extend the Missouri com- ,
promise line to the Pacific, thereby agree that ,
north of that line slavery should be prohibited r '
Certainly they did. They then granted and tried ;
to exercise that very power. They seem to talk j
now, however, as if there were no reasonable ex- ;
euse for the northern people not agreeing to the ;
extension of that hue. I do not know that they ;
really desire to disguise the truth about that; but j
the whole truth should be told, if any is, because
1 hold that the truth half told is a he.
In California and New Mexico—which were
acquired from Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo—slavery had been abolished. The law
existing there was the law of freedom. In aeon- :
quei ( d country all laws, except those which can- '
not 1 - enforced on account of political relation- !
ship, leniain; all those laws that describe, guide,
fix inies to property of any kind. The country :
which we acquired from Mexico, including Cal- ;
ifornta, New Mexico,and Utah, wasali dedicated i
to freedom.- Can it be possible that gentlemen of -
the boirh can say there was anything unreason- j
able in the representatives of the free States de- i
dining to vote to dedicate it to slavery, when it j
was already fiee, and would lemaiu so unless its ;
f-latu-* was changed ? I observe that the Senator 1
from Louisiana is making a suggestion; perhaps
it is a vorv important one.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not mean to inter-
rupt the Senator's remarks m the slightestdegrce.
I was merely suggesting to his colleague that his
argument might be turned the other way. If he
will reflect for a moment, he wiil see that we got
Louisiana,all slave territoiy,and they took half of
it; and it was not a veiy iniieasonable thing for j
ibe South to ask foi half of the Mexican acquisi-^
tion.-, i' a' he f-av* were ail fice.
Mi COLLAWEU. 1 have no doubt that the ,
gentleman's ingenuity can turn any argument;
against any man. The suggestion was more loud, ,
perhaps, than was intended-.ami I d id not know but :
that the gentleman was somewhat in thecondiiion j
of ilie lawyer who kept talking loud after the de- j
eision of the judge. The judge told him there was
no use ofaiguingaftei thedecision had been made. 1
He si!;! lie was not arguing, he was only cubing ;
the decision. [Laughtei.] The gentleman, it |
seems, does not like my argument. Suppose two i
menlmv a field, and divide it by an east and west
hoe. and 1 hey afterwards buy a not hei fn Id: does it
nece-s.i' ily fo'-low that the same line should run
through the second field, without legaid to its
local ii v i or the cucumstaiic.es attending the ca^e ?
Not at ad. Hut that is not the mam point. The
point is this: because tney could not agiee upon
the fur: her extension of this line, does that fur-
nish any i cason w by one side should sa y u would
take.bnek all that it ever agreed to give3 Did that
jifftudany reason to the South to say, "we agreed
to the '11vision of the Louisiana purchase: we have
had our share; we have had Missouri. Arkansas,
and Louisiana admitted as slave States; we have
used np pietty much alt our share; and now we
fell you of the North that if you will not divide
the new acquisitions m the same way, we will keep
ail we have got, and lueak up the old settlement
too?" 'JTbts constitutes no reason at all,there is
nothing in it.
Out..Mi. PiesidLnt, though there was contro-
\ei>y m relation to the ten itory acqu: red from
Mexico, that was settled before we come to J hat
point of time when the contrast of wh'ch I have
spoken, as contradistinguished from the present
time, 1.5 piescnted. In 185(1,after various contro-
veisies, the disputes in reference to she tetritory
aequited fiom Mexico were settled and arranged.
California was admitted as a free State; and ter-
ritoi lal governments weie foimcd for Utah and
New Alt xico,decianng that, whenever the people
of those Territories should he admitted into the
Union as Suites, they should be received with or
without slavery, as their const hut inns might pro-
vide. These aets of 1850, with some coordinate
acts passed at the same tmi'1, were insisted upon
as a finality. The great point of that arrange-
ment, its great virtue, consisted in the fact that
it settled everything that had not been settled be-
fore. Though it might not be satisfactory to all
the nori hern people,'yet after all it was upon the
whole leconciled to the people, because it was
said it .settled the rnatter, because itendod the con-
troveisv; because thote was to be no more strife
" between thy herdmen and my herdmen, for we
be brethren. "
Tin re we stood in 1850; there wc stood in 1854;
all was peace, all was quiet. But, sir, in May,
1854, the Missouri compromise line was declared
to be inoperative and void; not because it was un-
constitutional, but becansc it was said to be incon-
sistent with tiie compromise measmes of 1850.
Weare not left to imagine the i eason for the duc-
laiatiou that the Missouri compiomise line was
inoperative and void, because the reason of the
! act'wa* put into the belly of the act, and it was
' deelan-d ih«t ft was repealed because it wasjneon-
eistout with the compromise measures of 1850,
I when the fact really was that the existence of that
line was one of the compromises; it was the basis
of them; it was that without which there couldbe
no finality. 1 uiought then, and I uuntc now, that,
to suv tbe least of a, this act was n great blunder;
and Talleyrand said that m politics a blunder is
worse than a crime. I have various" reasons for
thinking so; but the controversies which have re-
sulted from it, the condition of the country ever
since,.and the condition of the counti yto day*
speak in a language more potent than any 1 could
use, to show that it was a blunder. It is deeply to
be regretted ; hut I suppose it cannot be corrected.
The essential qualities which enter into the ob-
jection to that act consist in this: there was a
quid pro quo for the contiact called the Missouri
compromise. It was of the essence of a contract.
The South received their part, and have kept it;
they have got their cake The North had barely
entered on the wilderness which they look in the
first place; they had firmed a single State, Iowa,
from it, and the rest yet lemuined a wilderness.
It was the disregard of that agreement; it was
saying, " we will get more, and not restore what
wo have had," which constituted the apparent
immorality of it, and which leads the people of
the No. th to view it as a breach of contiact, a
breach of faith. 1 know there was constitutional
power to repeal it; and I have heard it argued
sometimes by those in high authonty, that, be-
cause Congress had power to repeal that compro-
mise, nobody ought to complain when they did
repeal it. A man who can ieason m that way is
a man who seems to have no mora! sense, no
standard of light and wrong, except that of the
legal power to do anything. There is no reason-
ing with such a man. A moral sense so blunted
as Ins cannot be reasoned with.
All the measures of which I have spoken were
southern measures. Tne Missouri compromise
particularly was essentially a southern measure.
The way to decide whether any measure is the
measure of any paity, or any section, is to ascer-
tain whethei a mujotity of that party, or section,
vote for it. A very huge mujouty ot the southern
Representatives voted for the Missouri compro-
mise line. It obtained a small minority from the
North, enough to secure the requisite majority
m Congress to pass it; but the majority of the
southci n Representatives supported the measure.
That made it a southern measure, and it was
cleaily such. The compromise measures of 1850
were of\a similar character; but they are now
both disregaided, both bioken up.
What was proposed in 1854 as a substitute for
this legislation? Ail these measures were acts of
Congress on the "subject of slavery in ihc Terri-
tories, begun and continued from year to year,
and from Presidency to Presidency, at different
epochs, through the whole period of our political
history. All this was to be set aside; and what
was to lie substituted in its placc? We had had
a great, deal of difficulty on this subject m Con-
gress: and it was not deemed advisable to agitate
U in Congress any more; but instead of that it
was pioposed that the subject should be turned
over to the people who might settle in the Terri-
tories, and that they should be left perfectly free
to regulate their institutions m their own way.
That~was the substitute. It is sometimes called
popular sovereignty and sometimes squatter sov-
ereignty; but, at any rate, it was the substitute
for The previous coursc of proceeding. From the
words in which that principle was couched in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill at the time it was passed,
how did the world understand it, and how was it
intended (hot the world should understand it r
h was declared that the Missouri compromise
line, being inconsistent with the compromises of
1S5U, wa^inoperative and void, and that by this
declaration it was not intended to legislate slavery
into the Territory, nor to exclude it therefrom,
but to leave the people thereof perfectly ftee to
form their institutions in their own way. How
should the woild understand that? How was it
intended that it should be understood r Clearly,
words cannot make n any plainer than those em-
ployed. It was that the people who go there to
set'lo shall be left free as people of a Territory, to
I regulate their institutions in their own way. That
i was the vision put upon it throughout all the free
i States, and by the Democracy. It was insisted
; everywhere that it commended itself particularly
i to the acceptance of a republican community, that-
J that people should regulate their own affairs just
