1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
I wish to read an authority in relation to their
services in the revolutionary war, and it is the
authority of that old patriot and statesman, Henry
Knox, who shared with Washington so much of
services of these men in that day. Knox, him-
self a member of the Massachusetts Legislature
long after peace had been declared, in speaking of
these fishermen gives them not only that proud
position to which they were entitled upon the
ocean, but, if possible, still higher credit for the
services they had performed upon the land. In
speaking of the time when Washington was
obliged to cross the Delaware oh his bridge of
boats, he said:
" Sir, I wish the members of this body knew the people
of Marblehead as well as I do. I could wish that they had
stood on the banks of the Delaware river in 1777, in that
bitter night when the commander-in-chief had drawn up liis
little army to cross it, and had seen the powerful current
bearing onward the floating masses.of ice which threatened
destruction to whosoever should venture upon its bosom. I
wish that, when this occurrence threatened to defeat the
enterprise, they could have heard that distinguished warrior
demand,' who will lead us on ?' and seen the men of Mar-
blehead, and Marblehead alone, stand forward to lead the
army along the perilous path to unfading glories and honors
in the achievements of Trenton. There, sir, went the fish-
ermen of Marblehead, alike at home upon land, and water,
alike ardent, patriotic, and unflinching, whenever they un-
furled the flag of the country."
But, sir, these gallant, patriotic men, were not
less serviceable in the war of 1812, than in the war
of the Revolution. I have a letter from that gal-
lant old man who did such distinguished service
for his country, Commodore Stewart. I addressed
him a note some time since asking his opinion of
the value of these fishermen on whom the Sena-
tor from Alabama seemed to place so low an es-
timate. That Senator said:
" The mere inspection of a smack and a square-rigged
ship will show that the former is no school on which to
learn how to manage the latter. The contrast is as great as
between a log cabin and the labyrinth of Crete; and the cod
fisherman would scarcely be more at fault in the labyrinth
than in the ship."
That is the opinion of the Senator from Ala-
bama. I will read the opinion of Commodore
Stewart.
Mr. HALE. He is " green." [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. Commodore Stewart may be
in a green old age. God grant that many days
may yet be spared to him for the gallant service
that he has done our common country. I have
also a letter from the oldest active commodore in
your Navy, that I propose to read. The Senator
from Alabama says he has talked with naval offi-
cers, who have given him' the opinion which leads
him to this conclusion. I wish he would give us
their names. I should like to see that naval offi-
cer who ever fought a naval battle with New Eng-
land fishermen, who would come into the Senate
and decry their patriotism, their valor, and their
services. I think the Senator has talked with
men who never saw such service.
But, sir, let me read this letter, so full of fact,
so pregnant with meaning, from that gallant old
commodore. I will not read it all. He goes on
to describe acts of personal heroism, of individual
members of his crew, who were ready to go down
amid the coral and sea-weed in defense of a com-
mon flag and of common rights. I will read only
—for it is all that is important—the conclusion
which he arrived at as to those men who, accord-
ing to the Senator, are so lost on naval vessels.
He commanded that noble old ship, the Consti-
tution, through the prowess of which there has
been spread and gathered more of glory to the
American Navy than any other vessel; and he
speaks of the crew of New England fishermen
under his command in this wise:
"They were all enlisted in Boston, Marblehead, Salem,
and Portsmouth, from whence, I believe, it is well known
that most of the sea-faring men, belonging thereto, come
from the New England fisheries.
" In all my sea scrvice, I have never seen, on board of a
ship of war"—
3ost in the labyrinth of Crete?—
—"such a splendid crew for expertseamanship, discipline,
sobriety, orderly and determined bearing, as well as single-
ness of pin pose for glory and the honor of their flag, than
that one of the ' Constitution.' It may not be inappropriate
to repeat here, the remark of the first Napoleon, on board
of the ( Bellerophon,' when reviewing her marines: i what
could not be done, with an army of such men P I can only
surmise what might be done m ships of war, with such
ciews?"
Now, the opinion of the Senator from Alabama
does not concur with Commodore Stewart The
Senator from Alabama, on such authorities as
he has consulted, thinks they would be lost on
a man-of-war. The Commodore says, further:
" In conclusion, I may say, in the words of the Sultan of
Seringapatam to the Governor General of India: 'how can
I say more,' in behalf of so noble a crew of New Eng-
enders ?"
I have a letter here from your oldest active
commodore of the Navy, who was an officer on
board this very Constitution, a noble and a gal-
lant man who has done gallant service for his
country, and who is entitled to its thanks—a let-
ter hardly less significant than that which I have
read from Commodore Stewart. What does he
say of this class of men who are out of place,
who are not educated, who do not know what
belong to their duties because they have only been
fishermen? I addressed him three interrogatories,
the scope of which the Senate will understand by
the answers he has submitted. He says:
" To the first, I say without hesitation, that during the
war of 1819, and at all times, since I have been in the Navy,
we have thought ourselves fortunate when we could obtain
American fishermen for the public service, for which we
consider no class of men better adapted."
The Senator from Alabama told us they were
not fit for naval service. Commodore Shubrick
thinks otherwise. Commodore Shubrick and Com-
modore Stewart have had a little experience in
this matter. Both of them have commanded crews
of these very men, and they know something about
them. Commodore Shubrick,continues:
" To the second, I say that during the war of 1812, and
for some years previous, great pains were taken to exclude
foreigners from the Navy, and lam of opinion that, particu-
larly during thelast year, a majority were Americans."
That was in answer to a question as to who
constituted the naval crews at that time. I regret
that the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs is not present; but I shall state some inform-
ation derived from him on this point. That in-
terrogatory was propounded for the very reason
that F understand, as a matter beyond all doubt,
that two thirds at least, probably three fourths, of
every crew that tread the decks of every vessel
in our Navy, is constituted, of foreigners—not a
very safe class of men to intrust the interests of
your country, and the integrity of your flag to, in
the trying times of war. It may do in piping
times of peace, but it had better not be so then.
Wise policy, elevated statesmanship that shall rise
above the catching of a cod, or the locality of the
interest, would dictate that both in our commer-
cial and in our naval marine the integrity of our
flag should be intrusted to American hands, and
American hearts. Sir, it is a miserable, it is a
local, it is a provincial view of the question, that
limits it down to that narrow point. To the third
interrogatory which I put to the commodore, he
says:
" To the third, I say that any policy by the Government
which will tend to provide during peace for the exigencies
of war,' is wise,' and none would be more so than to nur-
ture the body of American seamen who are trained in tin:
fisheries."
Now, sir, I think these two letters are very good
authority, coming from gallant old Stewart, from
Shubrick, who stands now at the head of your
active naval list, both of whom have seen much
more than any other men in your naval service,
of the merits of this very class of men. Why,
sir, in the war of 1812, you could hardly man a
frigate without these very same fishermen. Ac-
cording to the authority of John Q.uincy Adams,
who examined this question with great care, and
I repeat almost in his own words, all of the giory,
and all of the renown that were won by your little
and gallant Navy in the war of 1812, were won by
the prowess of American fishermen. They struck
for freedom with a freeman's arm. In every bat-
tle that was fought upon the ocean and upon the
lakes they manned your ships, they constituted
your crews. They shed all the luster and renown
upon youf little Navy, with the aid of gallant offi-
cers, that was shed upon it; and now, at this late
day, because they happen to be leteated in a par-
ticular locality,and,I fear,in obedience toa pro-
vincial, sectional, southern press, they are to be
stricken down. I will read a single authority more
in relation to the service which these men per-
formed, because it is from a man conversant with
that service, who lived amid these seamen. Daniel
Webster said in 1852, what is historically true, in
addressing some of them:
" There are among you some who, perhaps, have been
on the Grand Bank for forty successive years. There they
have hung on to Ole ropes, in storm and wreck. The most
important consequences are involved in this matter. Our
fisheries have been the very nurseries of our Navy. If our
flag-ships have met and conquered the enemy on the sea,
the fisheries are at the bottom of it. The fisheries were the
seeds from which these glorious triumphs were born and
sprung."
During the war of 1812 we captured from the
British more than two thousand three hundred •
sail of vessels, mounting more than eight thou-
sand guns; fifty-six men-of-war, mounting nearly
nine hundred guns, and took in all about thirty
thousand prisoners of war. Of the captures in the
Privateer service, the greatest number was by
these fishermen.
Now, sir, 1 want to invite the attention of the
Senate to the manner in which other nations (be-
cause we may draw some light from their prac-
tice) have regarded the fisheries as auxiliaries to
commercial and naval power. The Senator from
Alabama tells us that the bounties which have
been conferred by Holland, by England, and by
France, upon their fisheries, have proved a fail-
ure. I do not quote his language, but I think I
state his idea. I understand no such thing; and
I think the history of the matter proves no such
thing.
From the days of the commercial prosperity of
Venice down to the present time, every nation
which has been distinguished for its commerce
and naval power, it will be found, has not only
devoted its energies to this branch of industry, but
it has relied implicitly upon it as a great source
from which its navy and its commerce were to be
sustained. When Venice was mistress of the
Adriatic; when she commanded absolutely the
Mediterranean, and almost the whole of Europe:
when she was indeed the first commercial Power
in all Europe, and it is said by some writers, equal
to all-Europe, she had a corps of fishermen, with
which to supply her commerce and her navy along
her coasts and bays. They covered the lagoons;
they swarmed the Mediterranean; atj(l her argo-
sies were found in every port along the British
coast. Her vessels visited every port in the Med-
iterranean, and every coast in Europe. Her mari-
time commerce was probably not much inferior
to all the rest of Christendom. Such was Venice
in the day of her greatest commercial prosperity;
and that prosperity was, in a great degree, attrib-
utable to the enterprise of her seamen, who had
been trained and educated in the school of her
fisheries. They were hardy, industrious, and en-
ergetic, and they went wherever commerce could
find an avenue.
Holland, also, furnished a remarkable illustra-
tion of the importance of the fisheries in connec-
tion with commerce. It is an old maxim—for it
has grown into a maxim—that Amsterdam was
built on fishes' bones; and when Van Tromp
swept the British seas with a broom at his mast-
head, he supplied his vessels with a corps of those
herring fishermen. A dispatch on the causes of
its commercial prosperity, prepared wfth great
care by the direction of the Stadtholder, places
the fisheries in the first class of causes as contrib-
uting to the advancement of the Republic in its
unexampled prosperity. Such was beyond all
doubt the fact. Go to Spain, sir; and, in the day
of her prosperity, when she fitted out her Ar-
mada, and when she had colonial possessions that
employed her fisheries, she was greatest in com-
merce, she was greatest in commercial prosperity,
and she was greatest in her naval power. Go to
France; and what do you find? I will show that
they regard this vtry class of fishermen as consti-
tuting a portion of the naval service. In 1851, M.
Ancet, in relation to the fisheries, made tho fol-
lowing report to the National Assembly in France:
"It is not, therefore, a commercial law that we have the
honor to propose to the Assembly, but rather a maritime
law—a law conceived for the advancement of the naval
power of this country.
" No other school can compare with this in preparing
them [seamen] so well, and in numbers so important, for
the service of the navy.
It may be said of this fishery that if it prepares fewer
men for the sea, it forms better sailors—the ilite of the
navy.
" The preservation of the great fisheries assumes a de-
gree of importance more serious when they are viewed as
being in fact the nursery of our military marine."
In another place, in the same report, he con-
tinues, speaking of Great Britain:
" The loss of her most magnificent colonics has occa-
sioned irreparable injury to the commercial marine, which
is an essential element of naval power." * * *
" In order to preserve them [the fisheries] we must con-
