1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
That was the case here in the very first meet-
in" of the people to make an election of a Legis-
lature for the Territory q/ Kansas. As authorized
in the act, the Governor issued his proclamation
to thepeople. Reshaped out their districts: took
a census of them; he called on them to make their
election; and he appointed judges to preside over
them and make returns to him—all according to
the act. What then? We allege, and have al-
ways alleged, and have proved, that on that very
occasion, with the then comparatively thin-peo-
ple, with only about two thousand voters, between
four and five thousand people of Missouri went on
the day before, cncamping out on the previous
night, and spread themselves, armed, over all that
Territory, took possession of every voting pre-
cinct in it but one, drove the people from the
polls, and made the organization. It was an utter,
absolute, entire usurpation and military conquest,
and the Territory never was organized according
to the provisions of the act of Congress.
Now, sir, what sort of excuses have been made
for this? How is it attempted to be got rid of?
The actual residents of the Territory have, over
and over again, insisted on having this wrong re-
dressed or corrected m some form; but what have
been'the answers ? President Pierce, in his mes-
sage to Congress, said he could not correct it,
because the Executive had no power to correct
the laws made by the Legislature under the forms
of law. I do not say that he could. Some have
said that the courts could correct it. Sir, what-
ever is law for the Executive to carry into effect,
is law for a court to administer. They cannot go
behind the regular authentication. But when the
President seemed to concede that there had been
violence there, and said he had no power to cor-
rect it, why on earth did he not tell Congress to
inquue into it and correct it? There can be but
one answer—because he was gratified to take the
possession and keeping of the stolen goods. The
House of Representatives, however, did investi-
gate it, and their committee examined under oath
the very persons who carried on this invasion.
The results of that examination are before the
world, matters of history and certainty.
What did the Senate do? Did it pass the bill
which the other House passed for a reorganiza-
tion of the Territory ? Nothing of the kind. It
was said here that the invasion only extended to
the few districts where the people entered protests
to the Governor. The people had been driven off,
scattered, and intimidated by force and arms; and,
sparse as the population was in the largest part of
the Territory", they gave it up; that is to say, they
did not know how to take proceedings to correct
it. In some portions they did, and m three or four j
districts they filed protests with Governor Reeder j
against these violent proceedings; but did they get ;
redress? Wot at all. Governor Reeder, to be sure,
set them aside and ordered new elections; but the
moment the Legislature which had been elected
bv means of this invasion came together, they set
aside all the proceedings of his, and ratified the
original invasion. Now it is said, that, inasmuch
as all of them did not protest, and the Legislature ,
passed upon that point, every defect is cured, and .
we are estopped from making complaint. _ i
Here I cannot avoid noticing another thing. ;
When the present President talks ot anything of:
that kind, he says that the territorial government,'
which we say was never legally inducted there,
has been recognized by the different departments
of this Government, and it cannot be corrected or
looked into. The same pointis now insisted upon
by the majority report in this case, lhat, to my
mind, is a very extraordinary answer. What do
you mean ? " We cannot correct it and will not
correct it." Why? " Because we never would.
We will not now, because we told you we would ;
not before." That is the very ground of com-'
plaint. It is nothing but one continued, protracted
outrage, never examined into, never corrected by
this body.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, it is known prob-
ably to the Senate that my colleague very recently
has been suffering under somewhat severe indis-
position, and that he has not yet even entirely
recovered his ordinary degree of strength. He
has been, in a measure, exhausted by his efforts
thus far. He has not concluded the remarks that
he desires to submit to the Senate. In the present j
condition of my colleague, therefore, in order to
give him the rest which will be afforded by the
time between now and our meeting to-morrow, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will withdraw
that, I will move for an executive session.
, Mr. FOOT. At the suggestion of Senators, I
withdraw my motion, in order that the Senate
may proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Maich 1, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. N. Brown.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
APPOINTMENT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following gentlemen as the select com-
mittee to whom was referred the resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] in refer-
ence to Mr. Matteson:
Messrs. Seward, Harris of Illinois, Grow,
Curtis, and Bishop.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Do I understand
that 1 have been placed upon the select committee
on the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has been
placed upon the committee to which his own res-
olution was referred on motion of the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to be ex-
cused from serving upon that committee
The question was taken; and Mr. Harris was
excused.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan Henry,
his Private Secretary, informing the House that
he had th is day approved and signed a bill for the
relief of Wlntemarsh B. Seabrook and others
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbhry Dickins, their Secictary, notifying the
House that that body had passed an act (S. No.
170) to grant" Rome Arsenal" to the State of New
York, on certain conditions; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
MARTIAL LAW IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House resolu-
tions of t,he Legislature of the Territory of Wash-
ington, relative to the proclamation of martial law
over the counties of Pierce and Thurgton, by Isaac
I. Stevens, late Governor of the Territory of
Washington; which were laid on&the table, and
ordered to be printed
EXPENSES OF KANSAS LEGISLATURE.
The SPEAKER stated the question first m or-
der to be a motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing the ioliowing resolution,
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man*:]
P.esolx-ei, That the Seciotary of the Treasury be requested
to lriibim tins Hou^e whethei anv money has been paid out
of the Treasury of the United States, (lining the iKeal\ ear
ending June 30, 1857, for the expenses of any Legislature,
or alleged Legislative Assembly, of the'Territory of Kaiwas;
and if so, under what net or provision of law, and from what
fund, said money has been paid.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. This is a mere res-
olution of inquiry, and should be adopted. I trust
that whoever made the objection will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
who made the objection.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
The question recurred on the resolution; and it
was adopted.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, reported back, without amendment, a bill
fixing the number and compensation of clerks,
messengers, pages, and laborers, of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. RUSSELL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The committee has leave to
report at any time.
Mr. MASON. I have no desire, Mr. Speaker,
to detain the House with a statement of the rea-
sons why the bill should pass just as it is. I will
remark, however, that in 1842, some seventeen
years ago, the same subject was examined by a
committee of this House, which was then a Whig
House. That select committee was raised for the
purpose of investigating the extravagances of the
former Democratic House. They reported at ,
great length, and offered resolutions reducing the
force. There had been previously twelve mes-
sengers employed by the Doorkeeper, at the rate
of two and a half dollars per day. The commit-
tee considered that number too large, and reduced
it to ten. There had been twelve pages previously
employed. The Whig committee reported in favor
of the dismissal of four of them, and directed that
eight should be the number employed thereafter.
The committee also regulated the list of clerks.
In 1804 there were but one chief clerk and two
assistants. In 1842 the number of assistants had
largely increased. But the committee reduced the
number to eight, and fixed the salary at $1,500
per annum. The number of these officers has
largely increased since then. The Doorkeeper
does not know how many messengers are em-
ployed under him. No member of the committee
could find out. There are so many of them .that
the Doorkeeper was ashamed to present a regular
list of them for the first six weeks after the ses-
sion. There were twenty-eight in the folding-
room, appointed in the place of five, drawing pay
with nothing to do; and, as a gentleman remarked,
only half doing that. The number of appoint-
ments authorized by law were made, and to others
certificates were given that they had been ap-
pointed.
When the committee commenced to investigate
this subject, we found everything in confusion.
There was ajointresolutionpassed by both Houses
some years ago, placing the officers of bothHouses
on the same footing as regards salary. By another
act, the salaries of officers were increased twenty
per cent. Some are paid one way, and some
another; until it has become absolutely necessary
to reorganize the whole thing. We want to have
the matter fixed so definitely that the Clerk may
know the number and pay of his assistants, and
that the Doorkeeper and Postmaster may ltnouT
the number and pay of theirs. It may be that
the committee have come to a conclusion that the
House may not agree to, in regard to the salaries
to be paid and the number to be employed. But
they certainly, if they know anything about it,
or will listen to those who do know anything
about it, must be aware of the fact that it is ab-
solutely necessary to have a general act upon the
subject, so that the officers who may be hereafter
elected may know the number of their appointees
and their salaries. _
Now,sir, owing to the increased labor incident
to removing from the old Hall to the new, the
committee appointed specially to consider the sub-
ject have more than doubled the number of door-
keepers. Instead of twelve, which the committee
of that Whig Congress thought were too many,
and reduced to ten, this special committee have
seen fit to increase to twenty-five. The Commit-
tee of Accounts, after a thorough examination of
j the duties to be performed, although many will
! think it too large, have concluded to recommend
1 that number. We had some difficulty in fixing
! the prices which these messengers and doorkeep-
' ers are to have. That is a subject which gentle-
men may differ about. Some of the members of
the Committee of Accounts hesitated in putting
! these prices into operation during the present ses-
! sion of Congress. One member of the committee
! proposed—and if he is not present I will offer it
1 for him—to offer a proviso to the bill, that it shall
\ not take effect until the next session of Congress.
As to the time when the bill shall go into opera-
tion, we are not paiticular. That the whole sys-
tem needs reorganizing, no one doubts.
As to the prices which these employes should
be paid, it is with me a matter of principle. It is
- a matter of principle, I presume, with other mem-
] bers. The question is, whether you will put their
salaries at prices sufficient to command the ser-
i vices ofgood and reliable men, or whether you wil
: put them at prices much higher than that, which
1 shall have the effect sf patronage. If you put
