1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
ations of the business, its hard seasons, together
with its good seasons; and they draw a general
average of its production; and*!, with them, come
to the conclusion that it is a branch of industry
that we have got to protect, to a certain extent,
or it ni.ust languish and die. Ought we to protect
it for naval purposes ? That is the question.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator says that I made
out my tables to show that it is a profitable busi-
ness. He should do me the justice to say that
those tables are figures which I have extracted
from the reports o£ the assessors of the several
towns of Massachusetts, as found in the Library.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will do so, and I wish to
make this additional comment: the Senator has
taken the value of the property invested, and he
has taken the value of the fish caught, and he has
"obtained in that way the per cent. upon, the prop-
erty invested. Well, sir, the forest man goes into
the forest with no instrument but his ax; he levels
the forest, and he earns daily the full value of the
instrument which he uses, and he thereby makes
onehundred pereent.dailyonthe capital invested!
If you take the number of men, take all the years
they are engaged in the fisheries, take the amount
which they earn,and divide itby twelve, and not
by four, you will arrive at a safe conclusion. Be-
cause your law requires that a fisherman shall be
engaged four months to obtain the bounty, it does
not follow that you are to divide the product of
his industry for the year by four. He actually
labors in that vocation for nine months, and, as
my colleague suggests, during the other three he
often goes on other voyages; not very frequently,
however. The regular fisherman devotes about
nine months of the year. You have rules at the
Department which prescribe the mode and man-
ner in which he shall pursue four months. Be-
yond those four months he devotes himself to the
herring and mackerel or other fishery; but he de-
votes about nine months of the yeai% which con-
stitute, tn point of fact, his whole year, to this bus-
iness. Now, then, to divide the product of the
year by four, as giving the value per month which
heearns,risincorrectandunjust. Thenine months
are all the months he can labor in the year, and
the whole product should be divided by twelve.
Though you take the value of the vessel, and find
that the quantity of fish taken may be equal to the
value of the vessel, it no more follows that it is
profitable to the fisherman than it is to the ax-man
who levels the forest, and who estimates the pro-
duct of his labor at one hundred per cent, daily,
because, computing the value of the instrument
he uses, he makes just one hundred per cent, upon
its cost
But I want to read some authorities, to show
the necessity of the protection of these men, with-
out which that branch of industry cannot exist,
without which you have no reliable supply of men
to man your Navy. Smith, in his "Wealth of
Nations, "says, what I suppose everybody knows
to be true, that " from the age of Theocritus down-
wards, fishermen have been proverbially poor."
They are poor, but they are patriotic and high-
minded men. Fisher Ames said, in 1799, that he
contended they were very poor; and a me'morial
from Marblehead, in 1846, where a great portion
of the fishermen reside, says:
<{ In looking around atnongs^ those who have been en-
gaged all their lives, thev cannot point-out a solitary owner
who has become wealthy from the benefits ol the fishing
business alone, nor a single fisherman, with a family depend-
ing on lum for support, who has been able to lay up, from
the earnings of the business, a surplus for his old age."
In a careful and accurate calculation, made by
a gentleman long engaged in the business, he
"That the average earnings were $157 for a man, and
seventy-nine dollai> tor a boy, fot five and a half months'
service m the cod fisheries and three and a half months' m
the mackerel finery, or lor the whole working year of nine
months."
At a public meeting in Gloucester, Massachu-
setts, in 1846, it was stated, after investigation
That the average earning for the ten preceding years
had hardly been one hundred and forty dollars, m a season
lor a man."
Jefferson says in his report of 1791, that " it is
too poor a business to be left to itself, even with
the nation most advantageously situated." We
are not that nation. Our people are obliged to go
from hundreds to a thousand of miles off to the
fishing grounds, which are in the immediate vi-
cinity of the British Provinces. The inhabitants
of the Provinces fish upon them with all the ad-
vantages which they derive from being at home.
We must fit out our vessels; we must supply our
men; and we must perform a voyage before we
are brought into competition with them; we are
not even in the same locality with them", and 8.re
not, therefore, upon equal terms.. Sir, the dif-
ference between our fishermen and the fishermen
in the Provinces, amounts to a very fair profit in
the business. We are obliged to go to a distance;
they fish at home.
Besides that; sir, there is attached to this busi-
ness a hazara that does not belong to any, or
hardly any other business which is pursued in the
country. It is uncertain, in the first place; there
may be what is called a grand catch, or a good
fare, this year, and another year may yield noth-
ing. If you take a favorable year, you will show
a very reasonable and generous compensation to
the fisherman; take another year, and you will
find, as the authorities will show, that he does
not even earn for the support of himself and family
ten dollars a month, for the whole year. Besides,
there are the hazards of loss, occasioned by ship-
wreck.
The town of Truro, Massachusetts, in the gale
of 1C41, lost fifty-seven men. From the town of
Dennis, in the same gale, twenty-eight men were
lost.
In 1846, eleven vessels, owned in Marblehead,
were lost, and with them, sixty-five men and
boys.
Between 1837 and 1852, Gloucester alone lost
thirty-one vessels, and one hundred and ninety-
four men.
The losses in 1851 were as follows:
District.
Number of
vessels.
Tonnage.
Value
Loss of
m.
Gloucester 
629.49
$19,366
24
Penobscot 
696.01
14,400
22
Portland 
369.54
5,600
66
Barnstable 
  10
563.50
24,100
43
Portsmouth 
moo
16,200
47
Fassamaquoddy..
143.91
3,600
17
Total 
2,730.53
83,266
219
This table shows the hazard of life and the loss
of property. It is not that kind of business which
invites individuals to its prosecution under an or-
dinary state of thinss. It cannot be prosecuted,
it will not be prosecuted, without aid; and an ex-
amination of the fisheries from 1807 to 1813 will
phow, I think, very conclusively, that it is a
branch which cannot exist without the aid of the
Government. If it be not of national importance
enough for naval purposes, then I concede it is
not a branch that ought to receive the protection
of the Government; out still 1 insist that it is that
peculiar kind of service which fits men for the
Navy, which cannot be furnished in any other
way. It is therefore wise that it should be done.
Again, sir, the value, though not very large, of
the property embarked in this enterprise ought to
induce you to treat it, at least, with some kind-
ness, and with some leniency. Whether your
system be right or wrong, our men have gone into
business under it. They have, in many instances,
invested nearly their all in it. Now, I hold that
even if it were wise policy to abolish the bounty,
and I do not believe it is, it ought to be done by
a gradual system, in justice to the men whom you
have invited to go into it. We find by the last
returns that there are one hundred and four thou-
sand tons engaged in it, and, at the moderate es-
timate of forty dollars a ton, there are over four
millions of property invested in it. And let me
say, that a fishing schooner is fit for no other pur-
pose; it is fit for no foreign commerce; it is fit for
no domestic purpose; ltis^tforno coasting trade.
Unless it be in the fisheries, it is good for noth-
ing. These vessels, upon an average, may last
fifteen years, some say twenty; take the lowest
estimate. Even if it were wise to abolish this
system, justice to those engaged in the business
would require that you should at least take the
equaiion of time during which their navigation
would exist, as the time when you would termin-
ate the bounty—not less than seven or eight years.
I make the estimate of the men employed, as I
hswe before stated,seventeen thousand four hun-
dred and twenty-six.
Now, sir, instead of striking down this branch
of industry, I think you ought to adopt the prin-
ciples which were adopted by Jefferson, in his re-
port in 1791. He says you may encourage it by
a system of drawbacks, you may do it by a sys-
tem of bounties, and by opening up still new mar-
kets. How stand the fishermen to-day ? Not as
well as they stood when these bounties were ori-
'ginallygdvcn—farfromit. Yougrantedthernthen,
when the Government gave its aid in procuring
markets.. Now we send abroad but a little more
than a half a million of fish. Why is it? The
French, who pay a duty to every fisherman of
twenty francs on a metrical quintal of two hundred
and twenty pounds, which is very nearly equal to
the value of our fish when taken and cured, have
now command of the Mediterranean markets.
Tl'ey are nearer to them. ''The bounties which
their Government have given them enable them to
carry their fish there cheaper than we can, and.
the markets of the Mediterranean, which we once
supplied, and from which we once brought return
cargoes, have been lost to us, I affirm, by the negli-
gence of this Government The French have got
them.
Not only has this resulted from the remissness
on the part of the Government in failing to find
us new markets abroad; but you made, a few
years ago, a reciprocity treaty with England in
regard to the productions of the British Provinces,
by which the products of their fisheries are
brought here in direct competition with ours, duty
free. I do not know what is to be the result of
that. I have made the best examination I can.
I have not been able to gather all the information
I desire; but in the ports of Boston and New
York we find, for the last two quarters, they im-
ported between $700,000 and $800,000 worth.of
fish from the British Provinces of New Bruns-
wick and Nova Scotia. Having imported that
amount in two quarters, I think I am justified in
saying that for the whole year the importationa
of fish, dried, fresh, and pickled, under the re-
ciprocity treaty, may at least average a million
and a half or two million dollars.
You, therefore, not only h^ve neglected to sup-
ply us with foreign markets; out of which the
French have driven us, but by your system you
allow the fishermen residing immediately on the
fishing banks to come in and share all our mar-
kets upon precisely equal terms. Sir, give us
dutiable revenues, and you will place the fisher-
men in vastly better position than they now oc-
cupy. You take away the duties, and bring U3
in direct competition in our own msfrket with
those who takefish at their own doors, cure them,
and bring them into our markets free of duty.
The whole effect of the reciprocity treaty haa
been injurious to my State. 1 do not speak of
particular localities, for I know my colleague
would tell me that where he resides they have been
benefited by it; but, as a whole, such is the result
as shown by the figures before me. I allude to it
as a part of the same system.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAY. Was he not in favor of that treaty?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. I do not know whether it would
be a legitimate question, but I would ask whether
the New England men did not support it?
Mr. HAMLIN. Some did, and some did hot
It does not matter, in my mind, how that was
The effect would not be changed whatever might
be my own individual opinion.
Mr. CLAY. But you ought not to complain
of the Government doing anything at your in-
stance.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was not done at my instance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not at our instance.
Mr. HAMLIN. I threatened very hard jt the
Department, that if they did not deal a little more
justly by us, I would exert my humble influence
against it. I was quiet because 1 found my oppo-
sition would do no good. I find that of the pro-
ductions of the mines, the forest, and agriculture,
there have been imported into the United States
§9,502,000 over and above what we have sent to
the Provinces—not a very small or inconsiderable
item when we reflect that the articles are brought
directly into competition with ours. What is
true of the whole treaty, is still more particularly
and significantly true'in relation to the fisheries.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate longer
than I desired. I will allude to a single other point.
I think this nursery of seamen ought to be re-
garded by the Senate and by the American peo-
