1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
cent loan of $35,000,000 far fifteen years, and
send it to the Senate. By the time the Senate
takes action upon it it will be able to figure up the
exactamount of the appropriations that have been
rnade; and if it shall be needed, the Senate can
increase it, and t shall ask the House to concur in
such increase as they may propose on this basis.
I have submitted these remarks hastily, and may
modify them somewhat hereafter, in order to en-
force and explain more fully the positions taken.
Mr. ANDREWS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec- J' ^n'1 it fm titer enacted, That the sum of
®J,17Q.OOO of the amount <?o amhonzed to bp loaned as
aforesaid is hereby appropi rated, and shall be devoted to
the following uses and purposes:
For improving Cape Fear river, in the State of North Car-
olina, $30 000
For improving Appalachicola river, Louisiana, ,$15,000.
For improving the raft region, Red river, $80,000.
For improving Mobile harbor. Alabama, $30,000.
For improving Milneburg harbor, Louisiana. $15,000.
For removing obstructions at Bayou La Fouche,ftl5.000.
For improvement on Reedy Lslaud, Delawaie, $30,000.
For improvement on White river, Missouri, aud Arkan-
sas, .$£0,000.
For improvement on New harbor, New Jersey, $40,0'!0.
For preserving and repairing Chicago harbor, Illinois.
$50,000.
For preserving and repaying Racine harbor, Illinois,
$lb,000. - ' '
For preserving aud repairing Milwaukee harbor, Illinois,
$10,341. ' '
For preserving and repairing St. Joseph's harbor, Michi-
gan, $25,000.
For preserving and repairing Clinton River hai bor, Mich-
igan, $15,'000.
«■!?8r~re5emnS an<1 repainrig Monroe harbor, Michigan,
For preserving and repairing Sandusky harbor, Ohio,
$•15,000.
For preserving and repairing Coneat harbor, Ohio, $15,-
000.
For preserving and repairing Huion harbor, Ohio, $15,-
000.
1- or preserving and repairing Black Paver harbor, Ohio,
$-15,000. _
For preserving and repairing Cleveland harbor, Ohio, i
$40 0(10 . ' I
For preserving and repairing Fairport harbor, Ohio, §15,-
For preserving and repairing Erie harbor, Pennsylvania,
$8,633.
For preserving and repairing Buffalo harbor, New York,
$37.6:<).
For repairs on the harbor of Genesee, New York. $41,-
0S2.
For repairs on the harbor of Sodus, New York, .$20,000.
For repairs on the harbor of Oswego, New York,.535.000.
For repairs on the harbor of Burlington, Vermont, t>14,-
000.
For repairs on the harbor of Oak Orehaid, New York,
$•9,736 43.
For repairs on the harbor of Whitehall, New Yoik,
$10,000.
For improving Hudson river, New York, £75,000.
For improving Galena river, Illinois, §25,000.
For impiovmg Wauhauken river, Illinois, $25,000.
For impiovmg Illinois river, 535,000.
Tor improving fc?t. Clair flats, 3100,000.
For improving Plymouth harbor, Massachusetts,£20,000.
For improving Cape Cod, Massachusetts, $10,000.
Tor improving Great Wood Hole, Massachusetts, $'2,166. I
For impiovmg New Bedfoid, Massachusetts, $10,0^0. j
For improving Do.-ton harbor, Massachusetts, >0.000. J
For improving the navigation of the Ojno, Mississippi, :
and Missoun rivers, by removing snags and sawyeis fiom ;
tne same. $150,OuO. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques- !
tion of order. This is not an appropriation bill; i
and I submit that that amendment is not in order. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the'
amendment out of order, :
Mr. ANDREWS. May I inquire upon what ;
grounds5 !
The CHAIRMAN. This is a bill to raise <
money, not to appropriate it. The amendment 1
ip, therefore, not germane to the bill, and is out
of order.
Mr. ANDREWS. If the amendment should
be adopted, that difficulty would be obviated. But '
the hill sets forth that the money shall be appro-
priated and paid out fot the expenses of the pub- ■
lie seivice, and there are no greater necessities of
the public service than those. !
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de- 1
batable. The Chair rules the amendment out of !
order. 1
Mr. SICKLES. I move to strike out " fifteen '
millions," m the first line of the bill, and to in- j
s<*rt tk twenty millions." I
Mr. Chairman, I listened, I must say, with '
some surprise to the somewhat remarkable t^pecch :
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bur- j
iinxamf.] in reference to the pending relations be- 1
tsveen this country and England. I am awaie !
th^t I am restricted to five minutes in any reply
that I may attempt.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. I will remark that I would
gladly hear the gentleman from New York, fori
concur with him in the view he takes of this ques-
tion; but it is not in order to answer the speech
of the gentleman from Massachusetts on an
amendment to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New y
York must confine himself to his amendment. ^[
Mr. SICKLES. I propose to confine my r<^^
marks, during the five minutes to which I am re-
stricted, to the amendment I have offered. I pre-
sume it is competent for me to show the condition
in which the Treasury will be found in case the
advice of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Burlingame] be followed, or in case some of the
fearful contingencies which are foreseen by my
friend from Massachusetts should happen. That
gentleman made a speech, which, if its views be
adopted, renders necessary not only a loan of !
#15,000,000 but of $100,000,000. His speech '
seemed to be about equally divided between the
shafts which he hurled at the Administration and
the laurels which he placed at the feet of Great
Britain for her conduct-with reference to her diffi-
culties with Naples, China, France, and other
Powers; and I propose very briefly to state, with-
out going into an argument, wherein he has done
injustice to the manner in which this grave ques-
tion has been dealt with by the Administration.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. If this thing
is to be opened up, and gone into by the gentle-
man from New York, the debate may last for an
hour. 1 make the point that the gentleman's re-
marks are not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the '
point of order. I
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The committee was divided; and there were—
ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts complains that, while the President and j
this House recommend proceedings against Par-
aguay for the insults which she has put upon our 1
citizens, nothing has been done in reference to the ;
insults which we have received from England.
Sir, I would beg to remind the gentleman that,
while he voted for the expedition against Par-
aguay, he has not voted for one of the appropri- i
ations that would enable the President to make a I
successful stand against the right of search and j
visitation as asserted by Great Britain. [
I desire further to state, Mr. Chairman, that i
the Administration has done its whole duty in ;
this question. It has not gone to war, for it had j
not the authority under the Constitution to go to j
war, and Congress has not delegated any portion ,
of its authority, or any specific authority, to the j
President in reference to'this question. But, sir, !
the President has promptly called upon Great j
Britain to disavow the acts of her squadron in the
Gulf. We are now only waiting for the response j
to that demand. The Secietary of the Navy has j
sent afleet into the Gulf strong enough to drive the !
British squadron from those waters in case Great i
Britain persists m asserting and practicing the j
right of,visitation and search. I have obtained, ]
from an official source, a statement of the force !
now under oiders in the Gulf to protect our mer- [
chant vessels from this species of encroachment.
It is as follows: |
Colorado, 40 guns—210-mch pivot guns, 249-mch, and 14 i
8-uich.
Wabash, 40 guns—2 10-inch pivot guns,249-mch, and 14 ,
8 meh. 1
Macedonian, 22 guns—2 10-ineh pivot guns, 16 8-mch,
and 4 32-poundeis.
Constellation. 22 guns—2 10-mch pivot guns, 1G 8-inch,
and 4 32 poundws. !
Haiatoga, 2t) Lruns—6 8 inch, and 14 30 pounders. j
Jame-town, 22 guns—G S inch, and 16 32-pouiid'ir<?.
Plymouth, 9 gnus—1 11-incn, 4 8-mch, 4 6-mch. and 2 ,
21-poundeis, ami 112-pound howu/.-'is.
Dolphin, t> cunt-"—6 32-pounder< and 1 heavy howitzer.
Water Witch, o giijis—1 24-poundei, 2 12 pounders, aud '
3 howitzers. 1;
liespatch, 2 gum—2 32-pounders.
Aiciic, 2 truiw—2 32 pounds*. _ jj
Fulton. 5 guns—4 32-pounder*- and 1 8-inch pivot gun. !;
Savannah, 40 guns—2 10 inch pivot guns. 21 9-mth, and
14 iMneh.
Inall, two hundred and thirty-three guns. And,
sir, the venerable Secretary of State, also im-
pugned by the gentleman from Massachusetts as
lukewarm and laggard upon this question, has
shown himself consistent with the bold and states-
manlike attitude that he has always occupied in
reference to it, by sending at once to every port
on our Atlantic coast for official information in
regard to each and every one of these offenses on
the part of English cruisers; and, as the corre-
spondence upon ou r tables shows, he has promptly
dispatched these official accounts to our envoy at
London, with instructions to demand immediate
reparation for the past, and the most certain guar-
antees against any repetition of these offenses in
future.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that '
the Administration proposes to negotiate—to talk,
and not to act. Not a word about negotiation has
been uttered or written by the President or the
Secretary of State, either to the British Minister
at Washington or to Mr. Dallas at London. So
far as our diplomatic action is concerned, it looks
only to ascertain whether the conduct of the Brit-
ish officers is approved or disapproved by their
Government. When this is known the question
will be ready for the action of Congress, in case
Great Britain persists in enforcing her assumed
right of visitation or search. In the mean time,
protection to our vessels is the object of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and this is the order which
has been given to our squadron in the Gulf. And
I venture to say that the position of.this Govern-
ment has been so long and so-defimtively taken,
and will be so steadfastly adhered to by the Pres-
ident, upon this question, that the Government
and people of Gieat Britain will at once see that
they have but one alternative—the immediate
abandonment of this practice and an ample repa-
ration for recent injuries—or else a war with this
country for freedom and equality on the seas.
Several days ago the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations instructed me to make a report, embody-
ing their views upon this subject, and 1 have
repeatedly, but in vain, sought to get the floor to
report the bill which that committee has matured,
and which, in my judgment, properly places the
whole matter m the hands of the President, with
ample means and power to act as circumstances
may require.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from New
Yoik, who has spoken in such laudatory terms of
the Secretary of State, whether it was not upon
the invitation of that Secretary that the opera-
tions against the slave trade were transferred from
the other continent to this ?
Mr. SICKLES. It was not.
Mr. BLAIR. Then, sir, I have been very much
mistaken m my reading of the correspondence
between the Secretary and Lord Napier.
Mr. SICKLES. I suppose the gentleman from
Missouri refers to the recent correspondence be-
tween Lord Napier and General Cass, and to the
note of the latter, in which he suggests to Lord
Napier that more can be done to restrain the slave
trade, by proper measures, at the ports in the
Gulf, to prevent the landing of slave cargoes, than
by anything that can be done upon the coast of
Africa. General Cass, in that letter, recognizes
no right of search, no right of visitation, no right
of seizure, so far as American vessels are con-
cerned, to be exercised by Great Britain, m the
Gulf of Mexico or anywhere else.
Mr. BLAIR. It is stated in the public prints
that the British commanders are acting upon the
coast of this continent under precisely the same
instructions that they have acted under upon the
coast of Africa. And I consider that acting under
instructions to which no objection whatever was
before taken by our Government, upon the invita-
tion of our Government to transfer their opera-
tions to this continent they have come here and
done all they have done on the invitation of our
own Government. That I consider to be the case
made out.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman's argument
implies that we have recognized the right of Great
Britain to visit,search,and detain our vessels upon
the coast of Africa. It is not so.
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; the gentleman cannot
consume my time iri misrepresenting my views.
I have not recognized the right of Great Britain
to search or to detain our vessels m any lemarks
I have made.
Mr. SICKLES. I said that the gentleman's
argument implies that this Government has rec-
ognized the right of Great Britain to search our
