1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
senta for each volume or part, actually bound and delivered:
Jlnd provided further, Tliat the work shall be done by the
publisher of the Globe, and delivered within ninety days
after tbe adjournment of the session of Congress.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask for a separate
vote on that amendment; and, with the unanimous
consent, I will make a statement of a single min-
ute on it.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection, pro-
vided the other side can be heard.
Mr. SEWARD. I make the point of order on
this amendment which was not made in commit-
tee; that this amendment is not in order, because
it seeks to change existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that point of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say a
word.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, unless those who
are in favor of that amendment, and think it ought
to be adopted, shall be heard.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not.wish to
move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was orde ed. I do not intend to make
an argument against the propriety of the amend-
ment, except as applicable to the present condi-
tion of things. I have no objection to hear any
statement in favor of the amendment. I only
wish to make a statement of facts which it is due
to the House to know.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As the amendment
■was offered when the bill was pending in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and was acted on without previous examination,
I hope that th'e House will consent to allow five
minutes for a speech upon either side. The
amendment did not come from the Ways and
Means Committee.
The SPE A KER. If there be no objection, that
course will be taken.
There was no objection.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
voted for the proposition yesterday under the ap-
prehension and belief that it was proper and ought
to be adopted; but since then I have learned that
the Clerk of the House, who has heretofore had
charge of the binding of these reserved copies,
and is under the law required to do it, had, in pur-
suance of the duty devolved upon him, made a
contract and entered into bonds for the execution
of that work. The parties with whom he has con-
tracted have procured materials and have gone on
to prepare themselves to do the work in a speedy
ana proper manner immediately after the adjourn-
ment of Congress. The adoption of this amend-
ment will place the Clerk in the conditioniof having
to meet this obligation which he has incurred
under the law without the ability to put the work
in the hands of the contractor. It is not a matter
of any consequence to him, except as it involves
a contract into which he has entered under the
law, as I have stated. I voted for the amendment;
but, under thfs state of facts, I think that itisdue
to the House to know that they are voting for a
provision here which will hereafter involve it in
difficulty, or if not involve the House in difficulty,
■will at least involve the Clerk in a serious diffi-
culty.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Was the contract made
in pursuance of law ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understand that
it was made in conformity with the law and with
the practice of the House. How long the practice
has continued I cannot say, but I believe that it has
continued since 1846. Since the Clerk has acted
in good faith in this matter, I conceive that the
House will not be disposed to involve him in any
difficulty.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will give me their attention for a moment, I will
satisfy gentlemen that this amendment is correct
and ought to be put into this bill. In the first
place I take the position that the Clerk had no au-
thority to make such a contract; and in the second
place that this is not an appropriation for the pres-
ent session of Congress. This is an annual ap-
propriation bill making an appropriation for the
next fiscal year. This appropriation is for the next
session ot' Congress and not for the present ses-
sion, The next ftiing I will call attention to is this,
that the Cleik lias no authority to make a contract
fur the binding; of Congress until it is ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If thS gentleman
will allow me. The contracts have been made
heretofore as this one was made, for the Congress
and not for the session.
Mr. RUFF1N. I should like to know when
this contract was made. We could hear nothing
of it yesterday.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The Clerk of the
House has informed me that the contract has been
made.
Mr. BURNETT. The contract,if made, could
not be found yesterday.
What are the facts? What does this amend-
ment do ? This amendment will secure this bind-
ing at seven cents less a volume than it has cost
heretofore. It does not interfere with the present
session of Congftss, and it will protect us against
these contracts by which we pay an exorbitant
amountfor the binding of the Congressional Globe.
Upon each volume we save seven cents. Gentle-
men may call it a small matter; but, sir, when we
are careless of these small matters we find in the
end that they amount to a heavy charge upon the
Treasury.'
There is another point: It is said that we may
involve the Clerk of the House in difficulty. I
have as much friendship for the Clerk of this
House, and will go as far as any gentleman upon
this floor to protect his interests. There is not
one who would go further. But I have this to
say in reference to the binding of the Houses of
Congress, and I say it after due reflection: that
there is a species of favoritism in giving it out,
and in particular that ordered by this House,
which Congress ought to discountenance and to
seal with its condemnation. I speak advisedly
when I say this; and when the time comes for
discussion, I will then express my views on the
subject, if I shall get the floor, and shall attempt
to show the mode and manner in which this thing
has been done under contract.
This is all I desire to say. I hold that it is the
duty of Congress, when we can make contracts
for the lowest price, to do so, and thereby save
money to the Government.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. All this declamation
about extravagance is ve^y well, and I approve
the whole of it. The inquiry which was made
by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Wal-
bridge] seemed to have some effect on the House;
and I will say now that this contract was not made
yesterday, but has been made since February last,
and that it was then signed, sealed, and perfected.
Mr. BURNETT. I have this to say, that if I
have unintentionally done injustice to the Clerk
of this House, I regret it. However, several gen-
tlemen of this House undertook to ascertain
whether a contract had been made, and that fact
could not then be ascertained; hence I made the
statement.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. To whom did they
apply ?
Mr. BURNETT. To the chief clerk, Mr. Car-
ter. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seward]
says that the amendment changes the law, and
ought not to be put in. I care not whether it
changes the law of 1846 or not; the fact is patent
to the House that by the amendment we save seven
cents on each volume.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to be heard upon this
side.
The SPEAKER. The five minutes allowed to
each side for explanation have expired.
Mr. SEWARD. Do the gentleman from Illi-
nois and the gentleman from Kentucky make two
sides of the House?
The SPEAKER. They represent the two sides.
Mr. SEWARD. They ao not represent my
views.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed there
were but two sides to this question, and he un-
derstood that they represented the two sides.
Mr. SINGLETON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing and Binding, I would like to
make a remark. I want to explain the action of
that committee, as there seems to be some mis-
understanding about it with my friend from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. BURNETT. I cast no imputation upon
the Committee on Printing and Binding.
Mr. SEWARD. If I cannot be heard, I shall
oppose this debate.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the object is to
pay money 
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot be heard, and I ob-
ject to all debate.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say to the
House, that the contract to which I alluded will
be here in a moment, when any gentleman can
examine it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. In order to vote un-
derstandingly upon the Question, ! desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee 'of Ways and
Means 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia objected to all debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not like to be put in the
position of an objector; but as the Speaker en-
forced the rule rigidly upon me, I desire to have
him follow the same course with every one
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair, in order that I may determine
now to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if the
gentleman inquires for information upon which
to found his vote, the inquiry would be in the
nature of debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I merely desire to ask this
question, and the Speaker can decide whether it
is in the nature of debate or not: is there a pend-
ing contract for this work made by the Clerk of
this House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion is in the nature of debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the amendment divis-
ible?
The SPEAKER. It was reported as a single
amendment from the committee, and cannot oe
divided, according to the practice of the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Blair, Bocock, Boyce, Branch,
Brayton, Burnett, Caskie, Clemens, Coefcerill, Cragin, Bur-
ton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Dean, Dewart, Dodd,
Elllolt, English, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode,
Green wood,Gregg, Ilarlan, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, How-
ard, Huyler, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Jacob M- Kunkel, Lawrence, Leiter, Letcher, McQueen,
Mason, Miller, Millson, Moore, Palmer, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phillips, Pike, Rcilly, Ricaud, Ratlin, Scales, John Sher-
man, William Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, and Zollicoffer—61.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Avery, Barksdale,
Bennett, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Butfiiiton,
Burlingame, Bums, Campbell, Caruthers, Case, Chaffee,
John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clingman, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Colfax, CominSj Covode, James Craig, Damrell, Da-
vidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dick, Durfee, Edmundson, Fenton, Florence;
Foster, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Good win,Granger, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Thomas L. Harris,
Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hughes, Jackson, Kelly, Kelsey,
Kilgore, Knapp, Lamar, Leach, Lovejoy, Samuel'S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, IsaacN.Mor-
ris, Mott, Niblack, Olin, Parker, Pettit, Phelpg, Potter, Pow-
ell, Purviance, Reagan, Ritchie, Royce, Russell, Seward,
Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Sin-
gleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stephens,
William Slewart, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbarne,
Israel Washburn, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Winslow, Au-
gustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—101.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had paired off
upon all questions for the day.
The next amendment was reported by the Clerk
as follows:
" For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
for the Congressional Globe, for reporting the proceedings
of the House of Representatives, for the present session of
Congress, being $800 t> each reporter, $4,000.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
yesterday moved to amend, by striking out the
words " present session of Congress, "and insert-
ing " next regular session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress." The question is first upon the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. Is it in order to amend by
moving to strike out the whole of that amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The same result
is accomplished by voting down the amendment.
Indeed the motion would not be in order at all
under the operation of the previous question.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurring upon the amendment as
amended,
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays
and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Reagan  nd
Kelsey were appointed.
