.3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
This right we have never conceded to
any Power upon any sea.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. The amendment is to strike
out " fifteen5' and insert "twenty;" and the gen-
tleman must confine his remarks to that amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope that what is made sauce
for the goose will be made sauce for the gander.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Exactly;
I want to make sauce for both goose and gander.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair gives notice
that in future he will sustain such points of order.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE, *of North Carolina. That is
neither sauce for the goose nor for the gander.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish simply, now, -before
taking my seat, to reply to the statement of the
gentleman from New York, who says that my re-
marks implied thatthe Govemmentof the United
States had admitted the claim of Great Britain to
the right to search and detain our vessels. On the
contrary, my remark was that they had invited
the same practice upon this coast that had been
practiced upon the African coast.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SICKLES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. EDIE. With a view of terminating this
debate, I move to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the gentleman to allow
me first to offer an amendment.
Mr. EDIE. I will withdraw my motion for the
purpose of admitting the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. HO'WARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Section one, line six, stiike out "fifteen,'1 and insert
" fifty," and in line eight, after the word "require," in-
sert the following:
Twenty millions of which phali be used only in the pay-
ment of Treasuiy notes, usued under authority of the aet
of December 23. 1S57.
The effect will be simply this: it will give au-
thority to loan $50,000,000 instead of $15,000,000,
and will apply $20,000,000 of the loan so made
only to the payment of Treasury notes already
issued, whenever they are matured.
I offer the amendment in good faith; and in the
remarks I shall make I shall confine myself to it.
I believe that every dollar of the $30,000,000 which
will remain after paying the Treasury notes will
bo required for the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment, between this time and the 1st of Jan-
uary next: at all events, it will be needed as early
as February. It is not statesmanlike to trifle
with the present state of the finances. I have not
one word to say as to whose fault has produced
this state of things. I propose to meet the dif-
ficulty as we find it; and I assert that that amount
of money has got to be boriowed between this
and the 1st of February, or the honor of our Gov-
ernment will be tarnished. It is vain for us to sit
here discussing the question whether the present
condition of our Government will require the
amount of just $19,000,000, or just $25,000,000,
or $29,000,000, when we know that it will require
$30,000,000 between this and January.
Besides that, if we now meet this question like
men, and provide for redeeming the Treasury
notes which have been issued when they become
due, the credit of the Government will be sustained,
and we can borrow upon better terms than we
could if we only sit here and talk about this mat-
ter in this slip-shod manner, without taking pos-
itive action. This is a more favorable time for
borrowing money than we have seen for twenty
years, or shall see for twenty years to come. The
Government will not be obliged to borrow all this
amountunless they want it. Ifthey do borrow the
whole, they cannot expend one dollar except in
conformity to appropriations made by us. We
give no dangerous power in any way.
Besides that, I am unwilling that this bill should
go to the Senate to be amended by them. They
have no right to originate a loan bill. They did
assume the power to get up a $15,000,000 loan
bill, but the Committee of Ways and Means of
this House, instead of taking up that bill, intro-
duced one of their own. And yet it is now pro-
posed by the chairman of that committee to send
•this bill over there, knowing that the amount is
not sufficient, leaving them to increase it, and in
effect to originate such a bill.
I hope the amendment will be adopted, and al-
low the discussion of the question as to what
cause has produced the necessity to go over to a
more appropriate time. It will be a matter of
economy to take this bull by the horns, instead of
! dragging along by its tail any longer. Let us pro-
; vide for redeeming these Treasury notes. Away
; with these rags, and let us go into the market
I upon a basis on which you can get money upon
! terms honorable to us.
i^Mr. CLEMENS. I have esteemed it my duty,
;Wnce the commencement of this Congress, as a
j member of the Democratic party, to vote against
; many appropriation bills proposed to this House;
! and no w, as a member of the same party, I am wiil-
| mg to vote for a loan, if necessary, of $50,000,000,
: to meet the accruingliabilitiesof the Government.
I saw, some time ago, a course of legislation in-
augurated here, by the passage of private bills
and gratuities for many obnoxious purposes, use-
less printing among the rest, in the face of a bank-
rupt Treasury, by which we would be driven to
the condition in which we now find ourselves. I
am willing to accord to the gentleman from Mich-
igan, as far as I am concerned, full praise for the
patriotism and magnanimity which he has shown
in meeting the severe ordeal through which we
are compelled to pass. If we have to pay the
money estimated before the end of the fiscal year,
I am willing to give the authority of this House
now to borrow it. We may as well do it now as
at the next session of Congress. If there is no
other reason than that stated by the gentleman
from Michigan in his amendment, it is sufficient,
upon my part, to say that the money on Treasury
notes was contracted for at four and five per cent.
! It is evidently bad policy, therefore, to contract
i a loan at six per cent, now to pay off the Treas-
: ury notes outstanding, the money on which was
i obtained tit between four and five per cent,
j I am willing to leave this money, borrowed by
| the pending bill, in the hands of the Government,
; and let it use its discretion in the redemption of
these Treasury notes. Why is it necessary to
i hamper the hands of the Government, and say
; that these outstanding debts, contracted by Treas-
ury notes at reduced rates of interest, must be met
I out ofthis loan at increased rates ofinterestr Who
j can tell the exigencies to which this Government
i may be driven within the next few months* We
1 are leaving here without knowing the complica-
! tions of our foreign relations. A dark and heavy
cloud hangs even now on the edge of the horizon.
[Laughter, and shouts of " No, no !*'] Gentle-
men may cry " no, no," and talk of it lightly.
" He jests at wounds wlio npver felt a
Mr. Chairman, I had no lot or part in contract-
ing the existing debt. You have, in effect, au-
thorized a debt to Gales & Seaton of §S50,000,
although, at present, limited to $340,000. The
responsibility of that docs not belong to me. You
have contracted debts heiip for purposes not con-
I nected with the'ordinary expenses of theGovem-
1 ment, amounting to seven or eight million dollars,
against my vote.
" Shake not thy gory locks at me;
Thou canst not s>ay 1 did it."
But I am willing to come forward now, in aspirit
of magnanimity,and voie you $50,000,000 to meet
your liabilities. I can go before the people and
say that I voted against these appropriations; that
i| they did not meet my concurrence, and that I
H could not conscientiously give them my support;
h but that, as a member of the Democratic party,
when I was called upontodecide whether I would
|! give my vote for maintaining the principles of that
party, maintaining the President of my choice by
supporting the Government in his hands, I was
willing to grant fifty or one hundred million dol-
lars if necessary, but not one cent, unjustly, for
tribute to party presses, or the bounty of the horse-
leech to pauper partisans.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move that
the committee do now rise, for the purpose of
closing the five-minute debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
(No. 582) to authorize a loan not exceeding
$15,000,000, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the House to suspend
the rule which allows five minutes debate on the
loan bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I have seen that done once,
and I never want to see it done again. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
to suspend the rules so as to enable me to offer a
resolution suspending the rule allowing five m>n-
utes debate on House bill No. 582.
Mr. MAYNARD. Inasmuch as there arc sev-
eral gentlemen around me (I am not on the list)
who desire to say something on this bill, 1'ask
the gentleman from Illinois to modify his motion
so as to terminate the five-minute debate m an
hour, or half an hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, declined to
accept the modification.
Tellers were called for,and ordered; and Messrs.
John Cochrane and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 100, noes 38.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays, and protest against this system of legisla-
tion. I call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not orderedjand the yeas and nays
weie not ordered.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
a resolution suspending the five-minute debnte on
House bill No. 582, in tthe Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House lesolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
dale m the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the
LOAN BILL.
The question was then taken on Mr. Howard's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. It is not worth while
to vote on amendments which we cannot explain.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire if the motion is to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the motion.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the Chair, if the mo-
tion prevails, report to the House that the com-
mittee has stricken out the enacting clause?
The CRA1RMAN. If thp motion prevails,
the bill will be reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that the enacting clause be stricken
out.
Mr. MILLSON. Is that the motion of my col-
league r
The CHAIRMAN. That is the effect of it.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not want to go through
this farce.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers on Mr. Letcher's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
Tennessee and Buffinton, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes 58.
So Mr. Letcher's motion was agreed to.
Mr. KEITT moved that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale repoued that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the Ho use to authorize a loan not ex-
ceeding the sum of §15,000,000, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with a
recommendation that the enacting clause of the
bill be stricken out.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 rise to a question of order
on the reception of the report of the committee,
and I ask that thu 131st and 13 id rul^s may be
read.
