1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1990
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-eight.
No further count being demanded, the yeas and
nays were ordered^
Mr. TRIPPE. Will it be in order to move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio was agreed to?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. TRIPPE. I make that motion; and I ask
the Chair if I can discuss if?
The SPEAKER. The; previous question is
operating.
Mr. TRIPPE. Does the previous question op-
erate upon a motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. All incidental questions aris-
ing after the previous question is ordered, and be-
fore the vote is put, are controlled by it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. TRIPPE. I desire to ask whether that
amendment votes extra compensation to the re-
porters, or is it a mere provision for their pay the
neftt session ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The object of the
amendment is to put them upon the same footing
for the next session, as they occupy this session,
and as they have occupied for the last six years.
It is a part of their regular compensation.
Mr. TRIPPE. Then I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment as amended; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Branch, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Burnett, Case, Chaffee, Ciawson, Clemens, Cling-
man,Comins, Covode, Cragin, James Craig, Crawford, Cur-
tis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Florence,
Foster, Biddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Goodwin, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Tliomas L. Harris, Hawkins, Horton,
Howard, Kelly, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Lamar, Leach,
.Leitrr, Lovejoy, McQueen, Matteson, Morgan, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Olin, Palmer, Parker, i'ettit,
Phelps, Plnlhps, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Royce, Rus-
sell Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Trippe, Wade, Walbridge,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wilson, Woodson, and Augustus R.
Wright—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bo-
cock, Burns, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cockerill, Burton Craige, Davidson, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dewart, Dick, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Foley,
Garnett, Gartrell, Goode, Gregg, Harlan, Hughes, Huyler,
Jackson, Jewett, George W.Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Jacob
M. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mason, Maynard, Miller, Millson, Moore, Niblack,
Potter, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Sandidge, Scales,
Shorter, William Smith, Stevenson, Miles Taylor, Tomp-
Rms, White, Whiteley, Wmslow, Wortendyke, John V.
Wright, and'Zollicoffer—61.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The fifth amendment was reported, as follows:
" For furnishing the committee rooms, retiring rooms, and
offices in the soutli wmg of the Capitol extension with
gas-fixtures, chandeliers, iron safes, and other furniture,
$40,000."
Mr. STANTON.' I ask for a separate vote on
that amendment.
Mr. LETCHER asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SICKLES called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordored; and Messrs. Weight of
Georgia, and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-two, (over one fifth of the members
present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Barksdale, Bingliam, Bishop,
Blair, Bliss, Bocock, Branch, Brayton, Burhngame, John B.
CUrk, ClaVjChngman. John Cochrane, Cockerill, Comma,
Cragin, Crjwford, Curb', Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Mary-
• land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean, Dewart,
Durfee, Edmundson, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Fostei, Giddings, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood,
Lawience W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hawkins, Horton, Hughes,
Huyler, Jackson, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lawrence, Letcher, Lovejoy,
McQueen, Matteson, Millson, Niblack, Parker, Phelps,
Pike, Ricaud, Ritchie, Russell, Sandidge, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, Juilson W. Sherman, Singleton, Robert Smith, Ste-
phens, William Stewart, Miles Taylor, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Whiteley, Wmslow, W ortendyke,
and Augustus It. Wright—$1.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Avery, Ben-
nett, Buffinton, Burnett, Caskie, Chaffee, Cobb, Colfax,
Covode, Cox, Damrell, Dodd, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gil-
man, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg, Harlan, Hoard, George W.
Jones, Kilgore, Knapp, Leidy, Leiter, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Maynard,Moore,Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, Mott,
Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit, Phillips, Potter, Powell,
Reagan, Reilly,Royce, Ruffin, Scales, John Sherman, Spin-
ner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevenson, Tompkins, Trippe,
Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Watkms, and John V. Wright—61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The tenth amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
11 Add the following as an additional section to the bill:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no part of the
amount appropriated by any act of Congress for the service
of any one fiscal year shall be used for, or applied to, the
service of feny other fiscal year, nor be transferred to or
used for any other branch of expenditure than that for which
itmaybespecificallyappropriated: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall apply to appropriations for the pres-
ent or next fiscal year."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to have a
separate vote on that amendment; and I hope the
House will vote it'down
Mr. PHELPS asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Boyee, Brayton, Bryan,
Buffinton, Burnett, Burns, Case, Chaffee, Cobb, Colfax,
Connns, Covode, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edmundson, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, Giddings, Gilman,
Gilmer, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hawkins, Horton, Howard,
George W. Jones, Kellogg,Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach,
Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Matteson,
Maynard, Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Mott, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Pot-
ter, Purviance, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Royce,
Rutiin, Savage, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, Robert
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Trippe,
Wade,Walbridge, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V.
Wright—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Bocock, Branch, Caruthers,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingman, John Cochrane,
Cockerill, Crawford, Curry, Damrell, Davidson, Dewart,
Dowdeli, English, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Greenwood,
Gregg, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones,
Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Lawrence, Leidy,
Letcher, MeKibbin, McQueen, Samuel S, Marshall, Miller,
Millson, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Russell, Shor-
ter, Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, White,
Whiteley, and Zolhcoffer—50.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on all the amend-
ments on which separate votes had not been taken,
and they were adopted in gross.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered, which was on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walbridge
and Clemens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three, (more than one fifth of the
members present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it .was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Burnett,
Burns, Caruthers, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens,
Ctmgman, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Comins, Crawford,
Damrell, Davidson, Davis^jf Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Dean, Dick, Dowdeli, Durfee, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood,
Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Horton,
Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Jacob
M. Kunkel, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Lovejoy,
McKibbm, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miller,
Millson, Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Niblack, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson,
Trippe, Underwood, Watkins, White, Winslow, Woodson,
Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Buffinton, Burhngame, Case, Chaffee, Claw-
son, Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Curtis, Davis of Iowa, Dodd,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Gilman, Goodwin, Granger,
Grow, Harlan, Hoard, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Leiter,
Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Morgan, Freeman H. Morse,
Mott, Palmer, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Ricaud, Ritchie, Royce,
Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Tappan, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbridge, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washburne, and Zollicoffer—54.
So the bill was t
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed, with an amendment,
an act (H. R. No. 62) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending life 30th of June, 1859.
Also, the following bills and resolutions of the
Senate, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 312) to provide for the collec-
tion and safe-keeping of public archives in the
State of California;
An act (S. No. 313) to amend an act entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California," passed March
3, 1851;
An act (S. No. 314) for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in land titles in California;
A resolution (S. No. 28) for the adjustment of
difficulties with the Republic of Paraguay; and
A resolution (S. No. 32) for the benefit of the
widow of Commander William Lewis Herndon.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the House
will now proceed to the business of the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the following joint resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs:
Whereas, The treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, designated as the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, is,
under the interpretation placed on it by Great Britain, a sur-
render of the rights of this country, and upon the American
construction an entangling alliance without mutuality either.
in its benefits or restrictions, and having hitherto been pro-
ductive only of misunderstandings and controversies be-
tween the two Governments: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of • Representatives of
the United States of -America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be requested to take such
steps as may be, in his judgment, best calculated to effect
a speedy abrogation of said treaty.
On which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Ritchie] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 have been re-
quested to ask that a bill for the relief of Rev.
Eleazer Williams may be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. Will the gentleman yield
for that purpose ?
Mr. RITCHIE. I decline to yield for that pur-
pose. I only desire to occupy the floor for a short
time, not more than half tjie time to which I am
entitled. The gentleman can make his motion
after I get through.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. RITCHIE. I have just declined to yield
to the other gentleman.
Mr. HASKIN. It is a privileged question
which I wish to submit.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will only occupy the floor
for a short time.
It is not my intention, Mr. Speaker, to make
a long speech on this subject, or to follow the gen-
tleman from North Carolina in the discursive re-
marks which he made yesterday in favor of these
resolutions. He referred to the Roman empire,
the Russian empire, the French empire, and the
prophecies of Daniel. I do not agree with him in
his interpretation of the prophecy to which he re-
ferred, but I leave that to be settled between him
and other commentators. 1 beg leave to say, how-
ever, that the goat spoken of in Daniel was a bad ■
goat, and that one of his performances was to
cast down truth to the ground; and I hope the
United States^will never engage in any such busi-
ness.
With reference to this particular resolution, I
intend to confine myself strictly to the question,
and to refer, in a few words, to the situation of
affairs on the adoption of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty; and then I will show briefly, by extracts
from official documents, that, ii  the opinion both
