THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
M-f*
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C."
Thirty-Fifth Coxgress, 1st Sessiok.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1858.
"The previous question was seconded; and tho main
question ordered.
"Mr. Jones, of Tennessee. f ask for the yeas and nays
on that lesolution; but before that question js put, I move
to lay the resolution on the table.
"The motion wa> not agreed to.
"The yeas and nays were not ordered, (only fourteen
members voting therefor.)
"The question was taken on the resolution; and there
were, on a division—ayes 110, noes *29.
" So the resolution was adopted.
"Mr. Dunn moved to reconsider the vote by which tho
resolution was adopted, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to."
That resolution proposed to give to your Clerk
twenty per cent, upon a salary of $3,600; it pro-
posed to give to your Serjeant-at-Arms, to your
Postmaster, and to your Doorkeeper and two or
three of the clerks at the desk, twenty per cent,
on salaries of §2,160; it proposed to give to other
clerks, to your Librarian, and the superintend-
ents of the document-room and folding-room,
twenty per cent, of $1,800.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. My point of order is, that
the bill giving extra pay to employes in the last
Congress is not now before the House for con-
sideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am showing
reasons why this bill should be passed, and that
is legitimate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is in order. The Chair
understands the gentleman from Tennessee as
showing the necessity for the passage of the bill
defining the salaries of officers of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the Speak-
er will bear me testimony that, although I may
have the appearance of trespassing on the House
frequently, I never attempt to make speeches un-
less 1 think they have some relevancy to the sub-
ject under consideration.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I wish to jus-
tify my call to order, from the fact that we have
now a bill and substitute before the House for
consideration, and it can certainly not be material
to the House to know what the last Congress or
any previous Congress did, in allowing compen-
sation or extra compensation. Therefore^ as we
are spending much time on this very trivial mat-
ter, at a sacrifice of more important business of
the country, I certainly think that gentlemen
ought to be confined to the point.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. A call to order is not
debatable; and this has been already decided by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Tennessee is strictly in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, Mr. Speaker,
that is one resolution ;and although the money may
not have been paid out at the Treasury, or may
not have been passed in the Clerk's accounts,
because the resolution is m conflict with the law
passed by Congress prohibiting either House from
giving this extra compensation, yet it shows what
this House thought it had done. And, sir, I «up-
pose that there will be an attempt to appropriate
the thirty or forty thousand dollars, granted by
this resolution, before the termination of the pres-
ent session. That, sir, is one of the propositions
of the last days of last session.
Here is another, introduced on the 3d of March
—the Congress terminating on the 4th, at twelve
O'clock:
"Mr. Moore asked unanimous consent to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives, to J. C. Walker, its read-
ing clork, tor his past services, and until otherwise ordered,
a sum sufficient to make his regular annual salary equal to
tlmt now received by the reading clerk of the Senate.
" Mi. Jones, of Tennessee. I object. The compensation
of these clerks is fired by law, and the House has already
given them extra, compensation.
" Mr. Moore. I move to suspend the rules.
"The question was taken; and theiules were suspended."
I believe, sir, that when the person named in
that resolution was first employed here, it was
as a messenger, at $2 50 a day. He was em-
ployed by the then Clerk of the House to read;
and at the end of the session a resolution was
58
passed giving him the salary of a clerk: that sal-
ary has been continued from that time till this—
although I believe there is no au'hority for it
other than this resolution—and has been included
in the appropriation bills. Wlv\t was the salary
then$1,500. But now, when it has gone up to
$1,800, here is a resolution offered, notonly to in-
crease the salary of that clerk for last session* but
to go back to the time when he commenced his
service in this House as a clerk at $1 ,500 a year,
and to pay him from that time, and until other-
wise ordered, §2,160 per annum; which is the com-
pensation of the clerk in the Senate, whose salary
is referred to in the resolution.
Now, what was the amount claimed under that
resolution? Mr. Walker's receipt to the Clerk
of the House, as presented to the Treasury for
settlement, was for $1,748 67, going back some
eight or ten years; jromg back afier the salary
had been increased twenty per cent, pei manently.
And this was to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House. Was it a contingency?
Here, sir, I am not arguing or trying to show
what the compensation of any one of these em-
ployes should be. I am only contending that
their compensation should be fixed by law at
whatever figure a majority of the people's repre-
sentatives think it should be. Let the law fix the
salaries, and I will vote cheerfully to pay them.
Well, sir, to this resolution Mr. Trafton offered
the following amendment:
" And that the Clerk be dneeted to pay to Henry Douglas,
tor the period lie was paid. $i 50 pei day, m eon-adoration
of In- <uUhiu>u«xl ^-oivici-h a-slaboicr, and in accordance with
the resolutions of the [louse of May 1^46.
This Henry Douglass, I believe, was one of
the laborers who had b?en for years employed by
the House, and who had received his pay—for
how many years I do not know. But here is a
resolution proposing to go back, and to pay him
an additional dollar and a half a day, for the time
for which he had been already paid. Then, I say
again, fix the number of laborers and their com-
pensation.
"Mr. Colfax. Every gentleman heie can testify to the
qualification* of out Jout nal clerk. I move to anviid tiie
resolution, so as to put him upon an equal footing \v th the
Journal cleik of the rienare, by adding the following:
"And to John M. Baiclay, us Journal eleik, what will
make Iih regular annual compensation foi hi • p t-t -ervices,
and until otherwise ordered, equal to that now paid to the
chief cleik intdor the Secretary or tne Cvj.ku..'.
" Mr Moom . I now denimd the pivviotj. question.
"The previous question was seconded; and the main
question oidoied.
" The amendments were agreed to ; and the resolution, as
amended, was adopted."
The amendments were agreed to; and the res-
olution, as amended, adopted. Well, sir, now let
us see what is the effect of the resolution in regard
to the Journal clerk. Iam not speaking of the in-
dividual in that position, but of the compensation
affixed to that position. I believe, sir, that some
ten years ago, when the present incumbent first
entered upon the discharge of the duties of that
position, the salary was $1,500 per year. It was
afterwards increased to £1,800, and subsequently
to $2,160, at which it stood when this resolution
was passed.
But, sir, it will be seen, by the wording of the
resolution, that it carries with it back pay for ten
years. It dates brick to December, 1847. You
have thus increased the salary of the Journal clerk
from what it was in 1847, to that of the chief clerk
in the Senate in 3S57. The salary, as 1 have stated,
was #1,500 in 1847, and the salary of the chief clerk
in the Senate was $jj,500. Then this resolution
goes back to 1847,and gives the Journal clerkof i
the House $2,500 a year, from 1847 up to the time
of the passage of the resolution, including the :
Thirty-Fourth Congress, and until otherwise or- ]
dered. The claim presented and receipted for in j
the office of the Clerk of the House, and the re- j
ceipt presented at the Treasury, was for $5,760 97. i
Now, sir, gentlemen understand very well un- j
der what circumstances these resolutions were !
passed. The House had been in session all night. .
They had been in continuous session for thirty
hours. Otherwise, how many men do you sup- !
New Series. .. .No. 58,
pose, understanding the effect of the resolution,
would have voted to suspend the rules, or for the
previous question upon the resolution ?
Now, sir, if the House, by legitimate legisla-
tion, will say that it is right to pay the officer who
keeps the Journal $2,501) a year, I say amen to it,
and will appropriate the money to pay the salary.
If thejr say $5,000 a year, I will vote the money
to pay it, when it shall have been first provided by
law that that shall be the amount.
Bat, sir, these accounts have not been and can-
not be paid at the Treasury, the accounting offi-
cers say, without n violation of a law upon the
statute-book which they cannot disregard; and
therefore they have been suspended and cannot
be paid, I presume, without a special law making
the appropriation.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question. I agree with him that
there ought to be a law to protect the House
against the passage of such resolutions as he has
referred to; and in his remarks which he submitted,
regarding it as a great outrage. But the point I
desire to call his attention to is this: will the bill
proposed by the Committee of Accounts protect
us from the passage of just such resolutions as
he has referred to at the close of each session of
Congress ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would,
beyond question; because, when you have fixed
by law the compensation of those officers and em-
ployes, then, when their accounts are presented
at the Tieasury, the accounting officers will look
at the law, and see whether they arc authorized
by law. But if there is any doubt upon the ques-
tion, it is easy to incorporate a clause there pro-
hibiting the voting any extra compensation where
a regular compensation is provided by law.
Mr. BURNETT. My recollection is, that there
was a law passed in 1854, the object of which
was to protect the House against the passage of
these resolutions giving extra compensation. But
that law has been violated almost every session
since, by the passage of resolutions giving extra
compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the gen-
tleman will find that the law or joint resolution to
which he refers does not cover the character of
cases I have been referring to. It covers the first
resolution which I read, giving the usual extra
compensation to the clerks, messengers, pages,
and employes about the Capitol. If the gentle-
man will look to the law passed on the 20th of
July, 1854, he will find that it provides that the
j salaries of th^se officers and employes about the
I House and Capitol shall be permanently increased
by the amount of usual extra compensation, which
I was twenty per cent., with a proviso, how-
i ever 
Mr. NICHOLS. I will ask the gentleman
whether, in the cases of Mr. Walker and Mr.
Barclay, just commented on, the Secretary of the
Treasury has not recommended to Congress that
these resolutions be paid, and whether payment
was not suspended on the same principle that ar-
rested the payment of the other extras?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has suspended this increase
of salaries of the officers last referred to, on the
1 ground of a proviso to an old appropriation bill.
But the law of 1854, to which my friend from
I Kentucky [Mr. Mason] referred, increasing the
! compensation of the employes of this House
twenty per cent., provides that such of them as
have received the benefits of the act, shall not
hereafter receive the usual extra compensation.
Those who would get as much, by taking the
permanent increase of twenty per cent., as the
extra compensation would be, took the twenty
per cent.; and those who would not get as. much
as the extra compensation declined to take the
twenty per cent., and took the usual extra com-
pensation.
There is another resolution which caused a good
deal ofobjection at the time. It is as follows:
" Resolved, Tuat the CU'ik ofthe Ifoiue is herohy directed
to pay out o: the eonnng-mt fund of nio Ifou--e t.  \S iUiu.iu
