mu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
Mr. COMINS. I do notpropose to occupy the
full time to which those who report bills from
committees are entitled. Fifteen or twenty min-
utes will answer my purpose. In calling up the
light-house appropriation bill for the considera-
tion of the Committee of the Whole, I wish, first,
to acknowledge my indebtedness to the Light-
House department for its uniform courtesy in ex-
tending every facility within Us power to enable
the Committee on Commerce to come to correct
conclusions upon the numerous petitions which
have been submitted for their consideration.
Books, maps, charts, and an extensive official cor-
respondence between the department and its
agents, have been at our command.
With the establishment of the Light-House
Board, in 1852, a new impulse was guven to this
branch of the public service. A system was in-
troduced and is being: perfected, which will, in a
short time, place the United States at the head of
maritime nations in respect to light-house illumi-
nation. A well organized, efficient, and system-
atic plan of construction, and improved system
of illumination, inspection, and superintendence
of lights, has been introduced. Localities are be-
ing selected with greater care. Towers and keep-
ers' dwellings are being constructed with especial
reference to durability, safety, and convenience.
The introduction of the Fresnel, or lens-illumi-
nating apparatus, one of the most valuable inven-
tions developed by science and mechanic art, and
which has for many years been in use in France
and England, is an improvement upon the old and
imperfect common lamp and reflector lights, which
is yet far from being fully appreciated in this
country.
In 1838 Congress directed the Secretary of the
Treasury to import certain lens apparatus to test
the question of comparative economy and effi-
ciency of the lens and leflector apparatus. The
Secretary accordingly purchased one first and one
second order lens of the Fresnel system, which I
were placed on the towers of Navesink light-sta-
tion, at the entrance of the bay of New York. In
1848-49, a third order Fresnel Ions was purchased
for Brandy wine shoal light, and at about the same
time a fourth order apparatus of the same kind
was purchased for another light-house. Both
were erected under the superintendence of the
War Department. In 1849 Congress directed
that another important sea-coast light should be
built tmd fitted with the Fresnel apparatus. In
1851 Congress dueeted that in ail new light-
houses, and in light-houses to be refitted with
now illuminating apparatus, the Fresnel system
should be adopted if, in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury, the public interest would
be subserved thereby.
The matter was in this state when the Light-
House Board was oigamzed in 185^; previous to
winch five lens lights had been erected at four
light stations. At this time three hundred and
twenty-five light-houses were in existence on the
Atlantic, Gulf, and lake coasts. There were none
at this time on the Pacific, in November, 1857,
there were, on the Atlantic, Gulf, and lake coasts,
five hundred and thirty-three light stations, and
fifteen on the Pacific which have been elected
since 1852; m all five hundred and forty-c«ht.
Of this number all have been fitted and furnished
with the lens light except six, which wilt, at an
early day, be renovated, and fitted with the im-
proved apparatus, under the direction of the Light-
ffousc Boaid,and for which appropriations have
been asked.
The expense of renovatingand refitting so many
old light-houses with the Fresnel improvement
has been large, but it has been an expenditure of
the public money which meets the approbation of
all practical and scientific men. The average first
cost of the lens apparatus is about thirteen hun-
dred and fifty dollars for each light-house on the
coast of the United States. They are nearly in-
destructible, and the annual cost for repairs is tri-
fling. The average fust cost of the i eflector appa-
ratus, for each light, is $1,200. The lellectors
lequire renewal at the end of mx or seven years,
and the annual cost for xepairs is large, amounting
to a replacement of tho appaiatus ewry ten years;.
But the comparisons of economy, as bmwec n the
two systems, should not rest upon first c >bt and
repairs. A careful examination of oiiinai state-
ments, made both m this country and in Europe,
prove that the value of the lens system is eight
times as great as that of the reflectorsystem, taking
into consideration economy of maintenance and
quantity of light produced.
The quantity of oil estimated for the supply of
three hundred and thirty-one light-houses in 1853,
was one hundred and eight thousand two hun-
dred and fifty-five gallons. The quantity esti-
mated for in 1857, to supply the five hundred and
fifty-six lights now in existence, is forty-eight
thousand one hundred and fifty gallons—sixty
thousand one hundred and five gallons less than
that estimated for three hundred and thirty-one
lights in 1853, and one hundred and seventy-four
thousand two hundred and fifty gallons less than
the amount which would have been required for
the whole number now in operation, had the old
reflector system remained in force. The expense
per annum for the item of oil, therefore, has been
diminished from $278,000—which would have
been the cost of oil for five hundred and fifty-six
lights, at $1 60 per gallon—to §77,040, the cost
estimated for the next fiscal year; showing an an-
nual saving of over two hundred thousand dollars
in that item alone. The cost of cleaning mate-
rial, wicks, chimneys, &.c., has been reduced in a
corresponding degiee.
I have been thus particular to give items of ex-
penditure, both with regard to construction, re-
fitting with the lens apparatus, and supplies, to
disabuse the public mind relative to increased
expenditure in the Light-House department under
the superintendence of the Light-House Board.
The United States may well take pride in being
one of the first among the maritime nations of the
world in establishing a free system of light-house
illumination. There are no data to determine
what is the exact light-due charged per ton in
England; it vawes according to the port entered,
and the lights passed. It is large, however, and
a charge that should not be put upon the tonnage
of a nation that exhibits lights free to all who
navigate the sc-as. France, Russia, the United
States, and some of the South American Repub-
lics, do not charge light dues.
There is no public structure in the United States
which will more contribute to the creditand pride
of the nation than the tower at Mmot's ledge,
when it shall have been completed. This work
is progressing steadily and well. Two thirds of
the stone cutting is finished, and the foun^tion
on the rock only need.* a few more stones to be
completed. When the first course is laid, the dif-
ficulties of the work will be virtually overcome.
The funds available for this work v/ill suffice to
carry it through the next fiscal year, and no ap-
propriation is asked for its prosecution at this
tune. The work will, if no unforeseen disaster
occur, be finished m the season of 18GU,
There is sufficient evidence before the commit-
tee,'that several towers at some of the most im-
portant light stations should be lebuilt at an early
day—among which arc the Boston light, on the
Little Brewster, at the entrance of the Boston
harbor; the two towers on Thatcher's Island,
Cape Ann; the Navesink, at the entrance of New
Yoik hay; Cape Henry, Virginia; and Cape Ca-
naveral hght-house, Florida.
A strict regard to that economy, suggested by
the present condition of the Treasury, has in-
duced the Committee on Commerce to confine the
appropriations contained in the bill now under
consideration, to the rebuilding of Thatcher's
Island light-house, Cape Canaveral, Florida, and
an additional appiopriation for the construction
of Southwest Pass light-house, at the mouth of
the Mississippi, a work appropriated for in 1854,
and very important to the commerce of the whole
country; but which has not been commenced on
account of the insufficiency of the amount ap-
propriated. These works have all been estimated
for in detail, as may be seen by consulting the
estimates of appropriations for 1858-5(J.
Mr. Chairman, in taking charge of the light-
house appropi iation bills for the Thirty-Fourth
and Thitty-Fifth Congresses, I have had an oppor-
tunity to learn much of the present, and to pos-
sess myself of much valuable information relative
to the future commercial wants of the whole
Union. And what study can be more interesting
In examining the basis and merits of the numer-
ous memorials and communications which have
been placed in my hands, I have endeavored to
do my duty. The wants of the southern coast,
the lakes of the North and West,the Gulf, and of
the far Pacific, have been of equal interest to me.
To hear gentlemen upon this floor speak of the
commerce of the North, and the commerce of the
South, is always painful to me. With five mil-
lion tons of shipping owned in all sections of the
nation, and an internal commerce of a far greater
amount, we should never say the commerce of
the North, the commerce of the South, or the com-
mefceof the West, but the commerce of our coun-
try.
I may be at fault, but in my judgment, appro-
priations of this nature are eminently in keeping
with the principles upon which the institutions of
our country are founded, and the true spirit which
animates the patriotic and the wise. The exam-
ination of these questions, and all questions winch
tend to a closer union of nations, and contribute
to the harmony of the world, are not only in ac-
cordance with my own feelings, but in unison
with the spirit of peace which pervade the peo-
ple of my State, and I trust of the Union. Sir,
we want not war, but peace; not only peace at
home, but peace throughout the world. Whilst
we talk about the value of the union of the States,
let us not undervalue the union of nations. The
honor of our country and our country's flagmust
be maintained; but, sir, it must be for others to
calculate the material value of war. If, finally,
we must have war, let it not be upon our impulses,
but upon the convictions of statesmen. I beg
pardon for this digression. I will now call the
attention of the committee directly to the bill be-
fore us.
Perhaps, Mr. Chairman, I feel more than an
ordinary interest in the passage of the pending
bill, and the objects to which it applies, from the
fact that it is the last time these appropriations
will be under my charge. I shall not again be a
candidate for membership of this House.
I now move that the first reading of the bill be
dispensed with, and that it be read by sections
for amendment.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with.
The bill was then read by sections for amend-
ment.
Mr. COMINS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment:
For impairing: ru-d securing the pier cnunretert with the
light house at O^wyo. Ni-w m> ,i  to pievcut thu de-
duction of saul hsht-housft. 10
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts what is the amount of appropriations
required by this bill?
Mr. COMINS. About three hundred thousand
dollais. '
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I offer the foil owing; amendment:
After mnenthiiv'M A"o. i. i:i-ert,:
For two range lighti. to i>  pUeeri on the Hudson river
between Troy and Albany. 7;1,000.
To every one familiar with the navigation of
the Hudson river, it will be known that the chan-
nel between the cities of Troy and Albany is nar-
rower, and more difficult of navigation, than any
other portion of the river; that a larger amount
of produce is floated over the Hudson river be-
tween these two points than over any other por-
tion of the navigable waters of the United States.
This appropriation is rendered necessary by rea-
son of the narrowness of the channel, and the dif-
ficulties of navigation in that portion of the river.
There are more goods lost annually by reason of
this difficulty m the navigation of the Hudson,
between these two points, than would support tin-;
whole light-house system on the Hudson river,
This amendment simply asks for an appropi ia-
tion of §1,000 to establish two lights. The mer-
chants and navigators of that river would esteem
it a great favor if Congress would grant that small
pittance.
Mr. COMINS. This amendment was befo:e
the Committee on Commeice. It was deemed in-
consistent with the principles upon which the bill
is founded. On examination it was found th-it it
would be just as consistent to place lights on ev< \ y
other river in the country within two or three
miles of each other, as upon the river between A l-
bany and Troy; and the committee did not thmk
it expedient to be put in the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Oi.in's amend"
mint, and it was rejected.
