914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Twdge the usual extra compensation allowed to iaboreisof
the House; that the Cierk of this House be directed to pay
out ot the contingent fund to Daniel Buck the sum of $380
for each session of Congress that he lias or shall collate,
make oat, and prepare for publication the list of appropria-
tions madrs new offices created, &c.. as required by the act
approved July 6,1836; and that Phin. B. Tompkins, taily-
eierk and assistant reader, be paid for ins service during
this Congress, and until otherwise ordered, the same com-
pensation which the reading clerk receives or shall receive
«ndcr any resolution of this House; that the clerk to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the House, the same per diem and extra com-
pensation allowed other clerks to standing committees of
the House of Representatives, during the time employed by
said committee for this Congiess, that the Committee of
Accounts be directed to examine the account of B.F. Hail
for services rendered by order of this House, and if any-
thing shall be found due him the same shall be paid from
the contingent fund of the House."
This was a resolution embracing many provis-
ions. Let us look at one of them:
u That the Clerk of this House be directed to pay out of
the contingent fund to Daniel Buck, the sum of $360 for
each session of Congress that he has, or shall, collate, make
out, and prepare for publication, the list of appropriations
made, new offices created, &.c., as lequired by the act ap-
proved July 6, 1&36."
The Clerk of the House, under that law, was
required to have made out at the end of each ses-
sion, a list of the appropriations made at that ses-
sion, the new offices created, with the salaries
attached to them, and of those offices the salaries
of which were increased during the session. This
was very easy of performance. The appropriation
acts had only to be taken up, and the clauses em-
bracing the matter desired had only to be marked
and sent to the printer. In the instance of the
appropriation of $1,900,000 for mileage, per diem,
&c., of members of Congress, the amount had
only to be extended out; and this is the service
which Mr. Buck had been performing for years.
He was getting a salary of $1,800. This clause
of the resolution I have read proposed to give him,
in addition to that salary, $360 every year he had
performed this service which was required of the
Clerk, and every year he should perform it. What
was the sum, in gross, voted to Mr. Buck ? Four
thousand three hundred and twenty dollars. His
receipt for that amount was presented at the
Treasury Department and payment refused by the
auditing oificer, because the law did not authorize
any such appropriation. Let these things take
the form and body of law, and you will no longer
hear of such appropriations being refused allow-
ance at the Treasury by the auditing or account-
ing officers.
The resolution covers many other cases; but I
have not time to refer to each one of them.
My friend from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] was
eloquent m behalf of the pages. I think we can
get just as competent pages for two dollars, as
those we have here now. My experience satis-
fies me that we have always had more of them
than was necessary. How many had we at the
last session ? There were fourteen recognized by
resolutions of the House, and they were paid two
dollars a day, each. And the pages were a class
of employes who did not accept of the twenty
per cent, increase under the joint resolution of
1854, because under the extra compensation res-
olution they were m the habit of receiving $20C
each as extra compensation at the end of each ses
sion, and the twenty per cent, would not amount
10 that much by a great deal. They reserved the
right to take the usual extra compensation. That
was granted to them; and, if 1 mistake not, it
was allowed at the Treasury Department on that
ground.
Here is another resolution about pages:
" Mr. Smith, of Virginia, asked the unanimous consent
of th ; ilo'ue to offer t ie following resolution : •
Resolved, That the Cicrk of the Ilouno of Representa
live* hp, and he is hereby, authorized and dnected to pay to
Samuel Miiler, Richard K. Evans, George Ilewett, Frank
Duiour. Thomas P. Graham, Chfitle* P. Hopkins, William
M* Claike, Edmund Dunce, James II. Soudur, G'joigu Mil-
ler, and Moena G. Porter, extra pages, the sum of two dol-
lars each, per day, from the commencement to the close of
the present session of Congress, with the extra compensa-
tion allowed by the House to the other pages thereot."
That resolution was to pay at the rate of two
dollars a day eleven extra pages, brought into
the Hall at the first of the session, and continued
there without authority, or without any resolution
or money appropriated to pay their their compen-
sation. That made the number of pagesemploved
last session twenty-five. This resolution gave
them two dollars a clay during the session, which,
I believe, lasted ninety-three days, which would
make $186; and the same resolution gave them
§200 extra compensation. Now, if the House
thinks that this number is right, or that a larger
number is necessary, let them so provid^by law.
Let your law fix the number, and fix the compen-
sation,and then cutoff all this extra compensation.
That is what I tirink is demanded. Your Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when they cornc to
report an appropriation bill, should know how
many employes are authorized, what amount of
compensation they are entitled to under the law,
and what amount it is necessary to appropriate in
order to pay them. 1 hold that these, sir, are not,
properly speaking, contingencies of the House.
Contingencies are such expenditures as cannot be
anticipated, or which you cannot make specific
appropriations in your laws to meet. They are
such expenses as cannot be foreseen. But here
is another case:
" Mr. Pennington. I ask unanimous consent to offer a
resolution, which is necessary to give construction to the
resolution giving extra compensation to the employes of the
House. It is as follows :
Resolved, That the resolutions of the Hou*e during the
present Congress, giving the usual extra compensation to
its employes, be construed, as heretofoie,to include the re-
porters of the House.
" Mr. McMullin. I would ask the gentleman if the re-
porters of the House have not already been provided lor?
" Mr. Penninoton. No, sir; and the object of tlu<? resolu-
tion is to construe the compensation resolution so as to give
them the extra compensation.
"Mr. McMullin. I appeal to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if the reporters have not already
had $800 appropriated for them in one of the appropriation
bills? If that be so, of course 1 cannot vote fortius resolu-
tion.
< Mr. Pennington moved the previous question.
cJMr. McMullin. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has just answered my question m the
affirmative.
" Mr. Thorington. I object to this discussion.
" Mr. McMullin. [ ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means if we have not already voted the re-
porters §800 over and above what they receive from Mr.
Rives ? If we have, of course tins House will not pass this
resolution.
" Mr. Pennington. It is true that the House allows $800
a year to the reporters. That allowance ha* been made for
several years m succession, and is considered as a part of
their regular compensation. This resolution is to give them
the same extra that we give to the otli^r officers of the
House. I move the pievious question.
"l Mr. Pkrry. I ask the gentleman from New Jersey to
withdiaw the demand for the previous question to allow me
to offer an amendment, so as to include the chiet cleik m
the Globe office.
'•Mi. Pennington. I cannot withdraw it.
"The previous question was seconded; and the main
que&tion ordered.
" Mr. McMullin. I call for tellers on the resolution.
" Tellers weie ordered; and Me&srs. Pringle and Broom
were appointed.
"Mr. Letcher. Have the rules been suspended to al-
low this resolution to come m ?
"The Speaker. The Chair understood there was no
objection.
"Mr. Letcher. My colleague [Mr. McMullin] was
objecting all the while.
" Tile Speaker. The question will be submitted, then,
on suspending the rules.
"The House divided; and the tellers reported—ayes six-
ty-one, noes not counted.
" So (two thuds not voting m favor thereof) the rules
were not suspended "
In that case, the rules were not suspended,but
an appropriation had been made in one of the
appropriation bills of an amount sufficient to pay
$800 to each one of these reporters, that bill be-
came a law, and under it the money was paid
over. Now, if you will provide for whatever
compensation you think is right and proper, em-
body it in a law, let it pass both Houses and re-
ceive the sanction of the President, then it will
be right and proper that it should be paid, no mat-
ter what the amount may be. I contend that it
is important and necessary that we should pass
some law upon the subject so that we may know
how many employes we have and what compen-
sation they are to receive.
1 would make one remark here, sir, in answer
to a portion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Warren.] The gentleman says
that in his country the rule is that, the larger the
compensation the greater the certainty of getting
a competent man to discharge the duties of an
office. That may be, sir, in many cases. But I
take it that you can get men who will discharge
the duties of many of the persons employed about
this Hall as faithfully, as promptly, and as effi-
ciently for the compensation provided by the bill
reported by the Committee of Accounts, and now
before the House, as you can if you give them
$5,000 each, a year.
Mr. Speaker, there is such a thing as giving a
compensation for a certain position which is be-
yond the services required; and men will seek
those positions because of the compensation who
would feel themselves humbled, if not degraded,
in performing the duties required of them. I, sir,
would have this Government pay a fair, adequate,
liberal compensation for all public services that
maybe required; but I am opposed,as I ever ex-
pcct to be, though I may stand solitary and alone,
to the creation of" what 1 believe to be unnecessary
offices, or to the giving of what I believe to be
extravagant salaries, far beyond what will com-
mand the services of competent, qualified, and
faithful persons to discharge the duties.
Mr. SEARING. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
it to be understood that, in offering a substitute
for the bill now pending, lam opposed to economy
in the expenditures of the Government. But this
bill contemplates the cutting down of the salaries
of all the assistant doorkeepers now in the em-
ploy of this House; and I, for one, am not pre-
pared to vote to cut down the salaries of gentlemen
who have come from every portion of the country
and accepted positions as assistant doorkeepers
of this House, in the expectation that they would
receivc the salaries already fixed bylaw. Itmay
be that if these men had known that their salaries
were to be reduced, they would never have accept-
ed thepositionsatall;and I do not believe that,if
it had been known that the House was going to
take such a step as the one now proposed, half of
them would have accepted the positions they hold
under the Doorkeeper. The majority bill proposes
to reduce the salaries of these officers—five of
which are $1,500, and the residue $1,200—to three
dollars a day to a certain number, and to fix the
pay of the residue at three dollars a day for the
session only. That is one of the principal objec-
tions I have to the bill reported by the majority
of the committee. The bill which I offer asasub-
stitute proposes to increase some grades of sal-
aries. It proposes to increase the salary of the
chief clerk from $2,160 to $2,500. Now, I am
told that by resolution this officer already receives,
in point of fact, that sum, through the percentage
which he receives as disbursing officer, and I de-
sire only to fix that salary so as to make it equiv-
alent to what is now paid him. It proposes to
increase the salary of the file clerk from $2,160 to
$2,500. These salaries are the same in amount
as those received by similar officers in the Senate;
and I am confident that the duties of our officers
are quite as arduous, and as well performed, as
are those of the officers of the Senate. I desire
to offer the following as a substitute for the hill.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman to amend cannot be entertained, inasmuch
as there is pending a motion to commit, made by
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren.]
Mr. MASON. There was another amendment,
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Spinner.]
The SPEAKER. That is pending. If the
motion to commit be withdrawn, the amendment
can be received, and that motion renewed.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to say that my ob-
ject in making that motion was to get, this bill
before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where amendments can be offered
to it. I will withdraw the motion to commit, if
the gentleman promise to renew it.
Mr. SEARING. I will renew it; and now I
offer this as a substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That the officers of the House of Representatives, here-
inafter mentioned, shall be, and hereby are, entitled to re-
ceive, in lieu of their compensations as fixed by law, the
following sums—that is to say :
The Clerk of the House of Representatives, $3,600 per
annum.
The chief clerk, the Journal clerk, and the clerk in charge
of the files of the office and of the House of Representa-
tive^, each $2,500 per annum.
The reading and assistant reading clerk, and the clerk in
chaige of the printing, each $2,160 per annum.
The nine assistant clerks, $1,850 each per annum.
The chief messenger m the Clerk's office, $1,500 per an-
num.
The messenger in the library to the Hall of the House of
Representatives, $1,500.
The five assistant messengers, each $1,200 per annum.
One laborer. $750 per annum.
One a&si>tant laborer, $600 per annum.
Two laborer-? at ?So0 per month during the ses&ion.
Sec. 2. JLntL he it further enacted, That the Doorkeeper
of the Home of Representatives shall be, and hereby is,
entitled to receive <^2.150 per annum; the assistant door-
keeper, §1,750 ptsir annum; five messengers, each §ij500
