185®.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
per annum; fifteen messengers, each $1,200 per annum; :
superintendent and assistant superintendent of the docu-
ment room, each $1,759 per annum; superintendent of the
folding-room, §1,800 per annum; assistant in the folding-
room, $1,50 > per annum ; four laborers, each $,600 per an-
num ; four laborers, at $50 per month during the ses<\on ;
and twenty pages, between the ages of ten and sixteen
years, each at §2 per day dunngthe session: Pro vided, That
the messengers of the House of Representatives shall, during
the recess of Congress, be liable to perform labor m the
folding room of the House.
iSGC. 3. Jind be it finther enacted, That the Postmaster
of the House of Representatives ehall be, and hereby is,
entitled to receive $2,160 per annum ; the assistant in the
post office, $1,750 per annum; four messengers, each $1,500
per cinuum ; three mail boys, each §900 per annum ; two
mail boy«, each $50 per month during the session of Con-
gress.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the
House of Representatives be, and he is hereby, authorized
to employ two clerks at a salary of $1,800 per annum, each,
to continue the alphabetical index of private claims: Pro-
vided, That such clerks shall be employed only lor such
time as may be actually required to complete the work to
the close of the present Congress.
sSec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Doorkeeper
of the House of Representatives be, and lie is l«?reby, au-
thorized to employ in the folding-room, during the se««ion
of Congress, under the direction of the Committee of Ac-
counts of the House of Representatives, such number of
folders, not to exceed twenty-five in number, as may be
deemed necessary to perform the work, at a compensation
not to exceed $2 50 per day; and also, that he may em-
ploy, underthe direction of the said committee, two hoises
during the session of Congress, and that he may receive a
suitable allowance for expenses in sending messages and
dispatches by messenger? and pages.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the messengers
employed in the post office of the Housse of Representatives
shall each furnish ahorse and carry-all at a price no: exceed-
ing two dollars per day.
Mr. SEARING. I hold that we have literally
made a compact with these men, holding the po-
sition of messengers, at a certain fixed rate; and
that we are bound, in common honesty, to allow
them to be recipients of that compensation, at least
during the present session. I agree with the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren,] who told
the House that, if we are to begin a system of
reformation in the expenses of the Government,
we should begin at a point where we could make
important savings. Let us aim at higher game
than the clerks and messengers of the House, and
those holding other subordinate positions around
it. It is scarcely a yearsince the salary of every
member of the House was raised; and I have not
heard, during the present winter, a single objec-
tion, on the* part of a member of this House, to
his being: the recipient of that increased compen-
sation. I believe that nil are well content with it.
Therefore, I desire that, in all common honesty,
those men, who are here in the discharge of their
duty as clerks, or other employes of the House,
may retain their salaries at leastduring the pres-
ent Congress.
I now renew the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I want to define my
position in regard to this matter. I want to say
rhat I will go as far as any gentleman on this
floor in reducing the expenses of the Government.
Sir, I will not commence upon the pages, clerks,
a-nd employes around this Capitol.
Mr. RUFFIN. I want to soy that this bill
dops not reduce the pay of the pages one cent.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I understand that;
but they are included in the bill. The bill, as I
understand it, is to affect the salaries of all the
men who are connected with this House. I do
not believe in the policy of commencing the work
of retrenchment in the expenses of the Govern-
ment in that branch of the public service.
I do not concur with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Accounts, [Mr. Mason7,] nor with the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Kxtfin",] m regard to the difficulties which arise
from giving high salaries. If I understood them,
they argued that, to fix hisch salaries, brings men
hero from a distance, who are appointed and paid
for work which they do not perform. ^ Well,^sir,
that is not the fault of the law, but it is the iault
of the head of the department having the matter
in charge. I would censure any officer of this
House who would give an appointment to such
men. Employments should bu given to men who
f'imc here to work, and who feel an interest in
t:>f* prosperity and welfare of the country. And,
f'ir, when ihov come here and perform a service,
they should he paid for that service. _ They
should be paid in the same proportion with the
members of the House and the clerks m other de-
partments of the Government. From the knowl-
edge I have of the duties performed, and the com-
pensation paid the clerks and officers in the various
departments of Government, they receive a higher
compensation, in consideration of the work done,
than the clerks and messengers of this House,
under any law regulating their pay. This I be-
lieve;and I believe an examination will prove these
facts to be correct.
Now, sir, t conceive that it is the province of
the committee which reported this bill, when they
state to this House that we pay our clerks and
messengers here higher for the service performed
than is paid any other officers of the Government,
to state the facts upon which they base their state-
ment. Whenever they shall present facts which
will show that, I will vote for reducing the sala-
ries of the pages, messengers, and clerks. Until
I am convinced of that fact, I will not vote for
such a reduction. How could I go home to my
constituents and acknowledge that I am receiving
double the compensation I received when I had
the honor of representing the people of my dis-
trict in Congress some years ago, while at the
same time I voted to reduce the pay of the laborer
who works as many hours a day as we do, and
many of them more.
I say again, I am for retrenchment and reform,
but I want to begin at the right place. I want,
when that reform is made, that it shall extend to
all branches of Government. I do not want it
said that we have reduced the expenses some
few thousand dollars by cutting down the sala-
ries of our officers—clerks and messengers—while
we are throwing out money by millions broadcast
over the land, upon the merest pretext, and while
there is danger that we shall corrupt and injure
the country by the profuse and lavish manner in
which wo. have expended it.
I shall vote for referring this bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
there let it undergo a rigid examination. If it
shall he found that there are officers who are not
needed, I am for striking them oli, for I do not
like drones. If there is one who is not needed, I
will vote for turning him otf and dispensing with
his services. I am for an honest, fair, and equi-
table reform, and I will go as far as any member
of this House in accomplishing it.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 do not propose to consume
the time of the House for nioie than five or ten
minutes in the discussion of this question, nor
do I wish to enter into a full discussion of the
merits of the particular bill before us. During the
j past Congress it was my good fortune, or mis-
| foi tune, to be somewhat intimately connected with
the oiganization of this House through its em-
ployes, as a member of Uie Committee of Ac-
counts, and I state from the knowledge which I
obtained, that m some branches of its organiza-
tion it is highly necessary that some limitation
should be fixed by law to the number of em-
ployes which the respective officers of the House
shall have the right to employ. I believe, during
the last Congress, in reference to one or two which
the Committee of Accounts had control over, I
had the honor to move resolutions and secure then-
passage, for discharging supernumeraries. I say,
sir, that a limit ought to be placed, and carefully
placed, upon the discretion which officers of this
House have heretofore exercised And I believe
that the clause of the bill which gives the Com-
mittee of Accounts the ri^ht to authoiize the num-
ber of employes in certain parts of the organiza-
tion of the House, is right and proper, and ought
to pass.
When the Thirty-Fourth Congress entered upon
its session there was no necessity, in the folding-
room, for the employment of anymore men than
are now employed under the authority of the Com-
mittee of Accounts. For the first four montns I
believe there was no necessity for more men there
than are authorized by this bill; but you wiiliec-
oilect that, after four or live months of the session
had expired, we entered upon an excited political
campaign; and gentlemen here know, as well as
I, how all political parties crowded their docu-
ments into the folding-room, creating a necessity
for a large additional force. More than four fifths
of those documents were for political purposes
purely. There was no let up at all; there was no
escape. The Committee of Accounts, from the
pressure brought to bear upon them from all parts
of the House, were compelled to authorize a large
additional force to be employed. But I protest
against the temporary act of any committee being
construed into any authority to employ officers
which are not necessary underthe present organ-
ization. I think that portion of the bill which
more fully gives to the Committee of Accounts
the control of this department is just and proper,
and ought to be passed by the House.
I propose to state my own experience. I have
been here for the best portion of five years. Dur-
ing the first session I had the honor to occupy a
seat upon the floor of the House, I found the mem-
bers of this body and of the Senate disposed to
increase the salaries of the clerks. They did in-
crease them. At the next session Congress, you
will recollect, increased the salaries of the Judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States. At
the next session they increased the pay of the
rank and file of the Army and the pay of the Navy.
And at the last session of Congress the pay of
another useful branch of the Government was also
increased, and not improperly. I say in respect
to the meascfre pending, that 1 do not believe that
a decrease of the salaries of the necessary em-
ployes of the House is at all necessary. If you
pass this bill, it is limited, in its direct effect, to
men who have been employed by this body,and
it reaches nowhere else. If it be the desire of the
House, Mr. Speaker, to inaugurate a general sys-
tem of restriction of the number of employes of
all the departments, and to decrease their salaries
—a general system instead of a measure providing
only for one department—then the motion to re-
fer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union is a proper one. When such a bill
is perfected in committee, let it extend its provis-
ions to all who are receiving salaries under the
Government, and let us meet the question like
free and independent Representatives of the peo-
ple. Let us consider and act on all the interests
involved with justice and equality. If the prop-
osition were to reduce the salaries of the Govern-
ment officers all round twenty per cent., I would
| say, consider it now, give it proper consideration,
and then fairly decide on it. But if the pending
bill be passed, have we any assurance that the Sen-
ate will meet us half way by concurring in our
action and reducing- the salaries of their employes?
Suppose they should not do so, what would be
the result? In one branch-of the legislative de-
partment of the Government there would be one
grade of salaries, and in the other a higher grade,
although the officers of both discharge the same
duties. I say, let us perfect this bill, send it to
the Committee of the Whole, and let us provide
in one bill a general system in reference to all the
employes of the Government.
I have a few words to offer concerning the sub-
ject of extra compensation, which has been alluded
to by several gentlemen who have preceded me.
I have heard some dozen, and perhaps more, in-
stances cited where this House has passed reso-
lutions for extra compensation. They have been
brought prominently before the House and held
up to it as singular examples of legislation. They
are not singular at all. I think 1 can go behina
the examples presented by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and show, if it were
necessary, that from the year 1800 down to this
present time, it has been an almost uniform cus-
tom of this House to pass resolutions giving extra
compensation, and that these resolutions have
been uniformly responded to by the Treasury
Department. Here is an example which occurred
at the last Congress, and which is against the lim-
itation pleaded in bar of the action of the House.
You remember a resolution was offered at the
first session of the last Congress to pay certain
o-entlemen who are now before me, gentlemen
connected with the official paper of Congress,
$800 each as extra compensation for their service
as reporters of our debates. It was passed, and
as much as has been said of objections, I do not
, recollect that a single member of this body ob-
1 jected to it. Notone. Even thegentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] did not object to it. The
resolution was passed, and the money appropri*
ated under it was paid at the Treasury Depart-
ment. Now what dtiference exists between the
case of the reporters for the Globe and those held
up to the House by the gentleman from Tennes-
see?  
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is a
little hard that the gentleman from Ohio should
