916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
M up one ease to which I: did not object.
{Laughter.}
Mr. NICHOLS. There were five hundred
eases, I' have no doubt, to which the gentleman
did not object, and they could be shown if any-
body would take the trouble to hunt them up. I
have only alluded to this one case for effect upon
the other side of the House, and with no invidious
purpose whatever* X have voted for some of
these extra-compensation resolutions, and against
others, but from a full deliberation of the subject,
I believe that the principle is wrong-. Hereafter
I think that I shall vote against them all. I
asked the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]~
whether the Secretary of the Treasury had not
recommended the payment of the appropriations
in the way of extra compensation to which he
alluded ? His answer was a general negative. I
do no.t know to what extent that negative answer
goes. A provision of the act of 1841 and the joint
resolution of 1854, are relied upon at the Treasury
Department to defeat ail these appropriations. I
do not see any distinction between these extras
which are referred to and the separate and inde-
pendent extras. I will read the conclusion of the
report .of the Secretary of the Treasury, and with
that shall conclude what I have to say:
" I have no doubt that these ofheers have so acted, and
in refusing to settle their accounts no imputation is intended
to be thrown upon their official conduct.
" fn paying these accounts, they have only done what
they were required to do, and what Ion? established usage
justified them in doing. Undersell chcunistances they
should be protected from any los* or injury, and I have no
4ouht Congress will doit. The accounts must be suspended,
however, until the meeting of Congress, when I will rec-
ommend the passage of a law authori^m* the Department
to pass them.
" In this way these officers can he amply protected, a
wise and good law vindicated, and a bad piactice coi reel-
ed."
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to move an amend-
ment as an additional section.
The SPEAKER. Amendment is not in order
pending the motion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask that my amendment may
Be. read for information.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That the act pio-
viding for the compensation of Representatives in Congress,
passed duiing the year 1858. be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed, and that Representatives in Congie&s, after the pas-
sage of this act, m lieu ot rlie salary now received, be paid a
per diem allowance of eight dollar* a day."
Mr. HASKIN. My motive in offering that
amendment 
The SPEAKER. The amendment has not been
entertained by the Chair.
Mr. HASKIN. Well, I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, that at the proper time I shall offer that,
and insist upon its being adopted as an amend-
ment to the original bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Perhaps thegentleman
who made the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
will withdraw that motion to allow this amend-
ment to be got in. I hope it will be got in. The
motion to refer can then bo renewed.
Mr. HASKIN. If that course is pursued, I
shall be satisfied.
Mr. RUFFIN, 1 am willing to vote for the
firoposmon of the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Haskin,] but I do not want it tacked on to
this bill. The bill would be killed in that way.
The proposition to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union is an in-
direct way of killing it. Every member who has
served in Congress heretofore knows that the suc-
cess of that motion would kill the bill as effectu-
ally as if you were to vote it down here. I want
members to come up here boldly, and vote upon
this question. I, for one, as a member of the Com-
mittee of Accounts, do not intend to go into the '
committee room and act in the dark—vote to pay [
accounts which I know nothing about, and prob- 1
ably reject just ones whilst I ailow unjust ones. ■
We want this question settled one way or the |
other, and the Committee of Accounts have a !
right to ask this much of the House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want the committee
to have a fair hearing. I am quite ready to meet
the question fairly.
Mr. HASKIN. The statement of the gentle- ,
man from North Carolina, that the effect of my \
additional section will be to kill the bill, proves !
that the* bill cannot stand upon its own merits. 1
Sir, a great dfeal has been said here upon' the sub-
ject of retrenchment and reform. It is a hobby
which men mount in every legislative body in this
country, and they ride it to death. Iam sincerely
in fat or of retrenchment and reform; but the re-
trenchment and reform sought to be enforced by
the bill now before us, by cutting down the pay
of the poor assistant doorkeeper's and laborers
about this building—men who have come here
from States remote from the capital, and who
have to pay heavy board here in addition to sup-
porting their families at home, and of these little
boys, who are supporting their mothers and
brothers, is a species of picayune reform which I
am not in favor of. Sir, when the responsible
majority in this House will initiate a system of re-
trenchment and reform, striking at the enormous
printing system which has led to the payment of
millions by this Government, and striking at the
excessive publication of books and documents
which are printed and thrown away, and by which
the printer alone is benefited, I will go for it.
Why, sir, there is a proposition, I understand,
before the House that the custom-house officers
throughout the country—the paid agents of the
Government, who are now creating public opin-
ion in the North in favor of a monstrous and stu-
pendous swindle—shall have their salaries in-
creased to four dollars a day. I am against this
kind of " reform," sir. I hope that if this biil
is to be adopted, it may be so amended as to
cut down our own salaries at the same time that
it cuts down the pay of those who are as much
entitled to ii, if not more, than we are to ours.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Mr.Speaker, I must
be allowed to say, and I say it with all respect,
that I am surprised beyond measure that gentle-
men who avow themselves in favor of retrench-
ment and reform should resort to a contrivance or
a policy obviously designed in its effects to defeat
all reform. Sir, the bill under consideration has
been matured with great caution and care, as every
man will admit who knows the materials of which
the committee which has prepared it is composed.
They have considered the subject confided to
them, and now, when it is up for consideration,
gentlemen seek to defeat action upon it, first by
referring it to a Committee of the Whole, and then
by introducing other subjects of reform, that it
may be equally important to consider as the one
now before us. And, sir, the gentlemen who take
this ground, the effect of which must be to defeat
the bill, are the loudest thunderers on the subject
of reform. I want the country to understand that
there is a deliberate effort to strangle this bill un-
der the pretense of including withm it action upon
other branches of public, expense.
Sir, let me say to this House and the country,
that the influence of those around us is felt in the ac-
tion of members upon this floor. The very few who
are to be affected by this bill, run around this Hall,
and, by " soft impeachments," appeal to mem-
bers to save them from the effects of that reform
which is indispensable. The effect is recognized
and felt, and many a good-hearted man has yielded
to influences of this kind, without properly look-
ing to the duty he owes to the country. If you
multiply and enlarge the operation of this bill by
including the general reforms in the executive
Government, to which reference has been had;if
you multiply the outside influences that operate
more or less upon every member, what chance
have you of achieving any reform at all ? Sir, you
can only accomplish reform by striking in detail.
The aggregation of reforms is'death to it.
Mr. Speaker, having said thus much upon that
subject, allow me to call the attention of the House
to the two points involved in this bill, as I under-
stand it. The first object of the bill is to limit the
number of officials requisite to attend to the duties
in connection with this House, to define by Inw
the number of subordinates who shall be called
into our service by those whom we appoint to of-
fice. Is there a gentleman upon this floor who can
object to that? I ask, is there a single gentleman
upon this floor who will hesitate to agree to a
proposition to define the number of employes that
our head employes shall call into the service of
the House? Is there a member here who would
say that the Clerk of this House should not be re-
stricted in the number of assistant clerks he shall
employ, or that the Doorkeeper of this House
should not be restricted in the number of messen-
gers he shall employ ? Notone,I presume. That,
sir, is one of the features of this bill, to limit th£
number and thereby to simplify the accounts and:
to restrain that discretion which has been greatly
abused heretofore, as we suppose.
Then,sir, the next question is: ofthose to be re-
tained and recognized by this bill, are the salaries
fixed'in itreasonable and proper? I was very much
amused1 at my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. War-
ren,] and at the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haskin,] and a little at the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Smith,] when they talkeil so feelingly
about the boys. Let me say to the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Accounts that it is
a great pity he did not introduce in his bill some
change in regard to the pages, so as to give these
gentlemen an opportunity of seizing upon it—
"To point a mural and adorn a idle."
But, sir, the only effect the bill has upon the pages
is to increase their number, and to consecrate to
them a legal, definite rate of compensation, the
same as- they have heretofore received. The
chairman of the committee looked with pitying
eye on these little infant petitioners, and increased
their number, that more of them might have an
opportunity of carrying out the ideas of gentle-
men, in helping to support their widowed mothers
and orphan brothers and sisters. And yet, in
view of that, gentlemen get up a cry here about-
these little boys.
But let me call the attention of the House,
really, in a candid and dispassionate spirit, to this
bill; and I do it with the more confidence because
I am sincerely desirous of seeing a sound and
healthy reform effected. One side of the House,
can certainly have no objection to the reform.
The of her side of the House (I allude to the Dem-
ocratic portion of it) are bound by every obliga-
tion—they owe it to duty and to their professions
—to go on and do this work.
Look at this bill. Its first section reads as fol-
lows; and 1 want gentlemen to listen to it, in order
that they may see—as I propose to treat this sub-
ject seriatim—the propriety of adopting the par-
ticular sections as I read them:
" Be it enacted by eke Senate aad IIow>e of Representatives
of the United States of Jtmaricain Congress assembled, That
the odiceis of the House of Representatives hereinafter
mentioned shall be, and are hereby, entitled to receive, in
lieu of their compensation, the following sum?, that is to
say: the Clerk of the House of Representatives, S3.G00;
the chief cleik, $2,160; the Journal clerk, $2,160; five
clerks, each >1,80'>; three clerks, each $1,400; and lour
clciks, each $1,200 per annum/'
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman state the com-
pensation of these clerks at the present time?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will come to that.
Here, Mr. Speaker, is an enumeration of such
a number of clerks that it would be difficult, for
one uninformed in regard to it, to suppose they
could possibly be necessary. Yet the honorable
chairman of the committee having the subject in
charge has carefully considered the matter; and
on that examination, regularly instituted and car-
ried out, has come to the conclusion that this num-
ber is necessary. I bow to his judgment and let
it pass, because he has done what I have not—
looked into the subject and carefully analyzed it.
Then the question may be asked—and it is what
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] refers to
—what are the present salaries ? And (1 will add)
why these peculiar amounts?
The present salaries are the same as here speci-
fied. I believe it was under the resolution of 1854,
to increase the salaries then allowed, that these
figures were reached. For instance, the Clerk of
the House was entitled to $3,000 a year. The
twenty per cent, additional made his salary six
hundred dollars more. This bill provides forgiv-
ing to the Clerk, as a working man, what is now
allowed him by the existing law—§3,600 a year.
So likewise with the chief clerk. So likewise with
the Journal Clerk. So likewise with all the other
clerks. But the gentleman from New York, who
reports a substitute, [Mr. Searing,] is not satis-
fied with giving to this batch of clerks what they
have heretofore received according to law, but is
in favor of giving to one of them—the Journal
clerk, I believe—$2,500 a year.
Mr. HILL. Does not the original bill increase
the salaries ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No increase at all,
as I understand it. It allows the present number
of clerks and the present compensation. These
clerks are, as we know, gentlemen occupying
highly responsible and important positions. The
