1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
house is for the protection of your commerce,
your flat-boats, and yourvessels. When the gen-
tleman tailfM about no money having been appro-
pnated for light-houses, it only shows that the
gentleman may be very learned in many things,
and not in the particular thing he is endeavoring
to discuss; for if he will look at the book, he will
find that every year appropriations have been
made for light-houses; and I am informed* that
only last year $20,000 was appropriated for Ohio.
Let me tell the gemk-man one thing: that lam
here representing a portion of the people of Lou-
isiana, and no member of this House has ever
heard or ever will hear me, until I become de-
mented, hrin.g it up as a reproach to the preju-
dice of any appropriation that it is intended for a
particular point. I would just as lief vote for a
light-house in Vermont as for one in Florida, or
for one in Florida as for one in Vermont. It
makes no difference to me. If it is to advance
the interests of the country and the prosperity of
the nation, I am for it; and whenever the Demo-
cratic party fails to indorse measures that are for
the advancement of the prosperity of the country,
I, sir, a child of that party, will ccase to belong
to it. I wiU always be responsible for what is
right; and the slogan cry of party or of New Or-
leans, and Boston, and New York, will never pre-
vent me from doing justice to the commercial and
agricultural interests of the country.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i
just taken; and also moved tto lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. I
LOAN BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOKES. I move that the
Senate amendments to the loan bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
"California.—Pot a light-house on Mare Island, San ii
Francisco bay, $9,989." j;
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, :i
whether the title to Mare Island has been settled ? -
Mr. COMINS. There is a provision of law, !•
and it is also provided in this bill, that wherever !
there is doubt of the title to the land, any monev
appropriated shall go into the surplus fund until
the title shall be substantiated.
Mr. LETCHER. That is an important mat-
ter to ascertain.
The CHAIRMAN". Does the gentleman offer
an amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
paragraph which has just been read, and I will
give my reason for it. It will be recollected that
some month or six weeks a^o a communication
came here from the Attorney General, in which
object to its
withdrawal. •   
Mr.GiLMAN. I have but one word to say ;j it was stated that a controversy had sprung- up in
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio. regard to the ground upon whu-h the puMic^build-
he CHAIRMAN. I*brther debate is not in ,: ins;s were located at San Francisco. Now whether
Th
order.
Air. CLAY. I call for tellers on the amend-
ment because I do not believe that there is a quo-
rum here.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Spin'kxr were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 4, noes 121.
>So the amendment was rejected.
' this is the portion of the public land referred to
| I cannot tell. The object of my inquiry js to as-
! certain that fact. For, sir, if ft is, I take it that
I the House will not appropriate money for the
! purpose of locating a light-house, or any other '
, improvement, upon land the title to which is in :
. controversy.
Mr. COMINS. It has.
j' Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desired to
11 know that fact, because I am ready to support
[j the committees in their reports. I withdraw my
!l amendment.
J Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the last
■ section by striking out " shall," in the sixth and
j thirteenth lines severally, and insert instead there-
i of the word " may." My object is to leave the
j matters of the surveys for these light-houses and
, other matters contained in this section discretion-
! ary with the Secretary of the Treasury. As the
; section now stands these matters are made com-
; pulsory, and he has no alternative but to go on
j and make the surveys, and commence the build-
ing of these light-houses. *
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COMINS. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted., That authority is here-
by given to exhibit a ! sslit from the light-house tower udor
the hill at Cleveland, Ohio.
After the erection of alight-house on one of the
piers at Cleveland, Ohio, in place of a small bea-
con light, it seemed to be the general opinion of
■ navigators on the lakes that the light on the hill
was of no further use. It was so officially re-
ported for two years previous to the passage of
the act of 3856, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury, at'his discretion, to discontinue it as
unnecessary. Some time after the light was ex-
tinguished, in the summer of 1857, complaints
weie made to the Secretary of the Treasury that
the light on the pier was frequently obscured by
fogs. Fogs or mists are supposed to arise from
the town, from the minqhng of the warm water
of the rivpr with the eo'd water of the lake. This
difficulty was not fully realized until after the
light on the hill was discontinued. The tower
and apparatus are in good condition, and it is rec-
ommended that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to relight the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COMINS. I now move that the commit-
Mr. COMINS. A joint resolution of 1842 ., ^ W1UUI
makes it incumbent upon the Executive to obtain j' tee rise, and report the bill to thrHous^with
cession of jurisdiction from the States on all light- j! recommendation that it do pass.
^ house and other £ites, and also that no money ;; The motion was agreed to.
The committee here informally rose, and a rocs- I j expended upon any land until the title is ' i So th
ge was received from the Senate, by Asbuky J approved by the Attorney G-eneralof the United
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
- by .
DicKi.Nb, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate further insist on their amendments
disagree d to by the House to the bill of the House
(No. 556) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Deportment during the fiscal
year endirg the 30th of .Tune, 1859, and ask a
fui iher confen nee with the House on the disa-
£tv'i!i4C votes of the two Houses thereon; and
Lov appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Toombs, and
Mi-. CoLi.AMEit, the committee on their part.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (No. 585) to establish certain post roads;
an d
A bill (No. 5^*1) to authorize aloan not exceed-
ing the sum of &15,000,000; with amendments, in
winch he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, leported that they hud examined and
found truly em oiled an act (Ti. R. No. 109)
making oppropnations for the naval service for
the veai ending the 30th June,'T?59; when the
Speaker signed the same.
* POST ROAD BILL.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 move that the House take
up the amendments of the Senate to the post road
biil.
Therebeiwg no objection, the amendments were
taken up.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the amendments
be coneuin d in.
Mr. LKTCHEU. Let us hear what the amend-
ments art'. i
Mr. ENGLISH. The Senate amendments only
refer, as I am informed by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Iloads of .
the Senate, to matters pertaining to post roads,
nothing else, as 1 understand them; but I have ,
not had time to examine all the amendments. ;
The Senate amendments were concurred in.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to leconsider the vote :
! States: money appropriated for light-houses and
; all public buddings goes into the surplus fund
■ until the matter of title is settled.
Mr. LETCHER. I think that the Commit-
; tee on Commerce, before locating light-houses,
,j ought to be sure of the title to the land. If we
'■ are to go on locating at random end upon lands
; with disputed titles, we may incur heavy expend-
- itures of the public money—we may not find out
' the fact until these expenditures have been in-
, curred. I want to avoid a conclusion of this sort,
[ and get rid of the difficulties heretofore attending
'I the construction of public buildings so far as Cal-
: ifornia is concerned.
j Mr, McKlBBiN. The title to this land has
been passed upon by the Attorney General, and 1
J it is no longer in controversy; and therefore the |
objection of the g"uileruan from Virginia is with- ,
; out foundation. j
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that it is part
! and pared of the land in controversy. '
I Mr. McKIBBlN. The House has already ap-
■ propriated between two and thiee hundred thou-
sand dollars, to be expended upon Mare IsLuid,
■ and if the question should be raised at all, then ■
■ was the time to have done if. ;
Mr. LETCH EH. I withdraw my amendment, '
, and move to add to the p^ragrapli the following
| proviso:
j Providei\ Thnt no m u t of tin - n.<;r ->y he paid until
, the sV<nvUuvm the Tie's*.'!'- - -.m-hrd t.ic'.t the United
: States lta> a jviice: tale to sin* lata!.
Mr. COMINS. The amendment is unneces-,
sary, but I vii! not further object to it.
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to ask
the gentleman who icportcd tins bill a question, f
Mr. WASlIBUUNEj of Illinois. Does the'
' gentleman efoT an amendmentJ j'
. *" Mr. TAYLOR, of New It oik. Well, I move '
' to strike out the fifth section. I move the amend-
ment simplv to say that I am not oppoeed to the ,
passage of this bdi, but T desire to know whether
: it has receiwd the unanimous conscnt of the Com- ;
: vmttce on Commerce'
e committee rose; and the Speaker having
resume d the chair, Mr. Baricsdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of thd
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
(; ularJy a bill of the House (No. 550) makingappro-
priationsforlight-houses,light-boats, buoys,&c.,
\ and providing for the erection and establishment
: of the same, and for other purposes; and had di-
1 rected him to report the same to the House with
, amendments, with a recommendation that they do
l; pftss.
Mr. COMINS moved the previous question
upon the amendments.
; The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the several amendments recom-
mended by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union wtne concurred in.
'ihe bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. COMINS moved the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage or' the bill.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Tim question was taken, and it was decided in
the afKrnruive—yeas 99, nays 61; as follows:
VE \.S — .\7e??rs. .Abbott, Andrew,*, Arnold, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bis?^, Bowie, Brayton, Bryan, Buffintou,
r.oihj air.wi'i, Chaffee.Ohapman, Ezra Clark,
Horace T. Ciaik, Cia\v.<oru Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Connns. foimn-r Covo.io. Ciagin. Davis of Ma-^aehusetls,
Dav.s ot Inu'.i. Da«ves, Dick. Dodd, Durfee, Edie.Eusti?,
Fcnton.Florence. Foster, Ctddmg-5, Gilaian. Gooch, Good-
win. Giov'e.l-'-f k, f?ro\v. Lavvioncp W. Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Hatch. Hawkins. Iloatd, Ilorton, Howard, Huyjer. Kellogg,
Kelh. khapp. JolinC. Kunkcl,Landj, Lovejoy,McKibbm,
Msies, Moijmh. Momll. Edwaid Joy Morii>, Freeman II.
Motf, Nichols Palmer, Patker, William W. Phelps,
Pe'tU'i. Pottle. Purvjance, KPil]y,Ihtclue, Robbms, Roberts,
Royoe. Rnffin. Kus?eli. tfandidse, Searing, .Tudson VV. Slier-
fc?aimu-l A. ritrnih. Spuiner, James A. Scew-
rr'. T.mpan, Geoiae Tavlor, Mile^ Taylor, Thaver.Tomp-
!, Ward, Eiiiim* B. Waslj-
khl
Wade. \,VaIbnd«re3 Wafton,
ii-nii:\ Washburn, WJuiele>, Winslow, Wood, and
Woi tend y k e—S&.
NAYfc — Mc srs. Alii, Avery, Barksdale, Bennett, Bo-
