918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
that direction to this bill which will enable the
Committee of Accounts to do what I conceivc to
have been their duty in the first place; and I
move that the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
tee of Accounts, with instructions to report to the
House how many clerks, doorkeepers, and other
employes now exist under the law, and what is
the compensation allowed to each. I think it
would be better for the Committee of Accounts to
make a report, to place before this House, with
the bill, information as to the number of em ployes
ut present, and their compensation, so that we
may determine whether we are economizing or
not in voting for this measure.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will allow me, 1 will make a suggestion in refer-
ence to his motion to recommit. I have sought
the floor on two points. I have taken some trou-
ble to investigate the amount that this bill would
save to the Government, and I find that the dif-
ference between the pay under the old law and
that proposed by the Committee of Accounts, as
well as I can ascertain it, to be nearly twenty
thousand dollars. Perhaps, however, the sum is
not so large. Another suggestion to which I will
call the attention ot thf. gentleman is this; the
Committee of Accounts, as I understand, propose
to do away with the land-map clerks employed
under the House.
Mr. RUFF1N. The Committer of Accounts
have nothing; to do with these clerks.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It is said that these
clerks have nothing to do. I understand that a
requisition has been made upon these clerks to-
day to do woik which will take them six months.
It is in reference to the unsold lands in the State
of Illinois. I refer to these things, that my col-
league may see the propriety of referring; this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WARREN. I suggest that this bill has
nothing to do with ihe*u laud-map clerks at
all.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The question in my
mind when my colleague rose to give me this in-
formation, was whether I could safely rely upon
his conclusion'. I feel that I want to examine
myself the data upon which he comes to this con-
clusion. It seems that in his first premise he has
fallen into an error. I am unable to toil, unless I
have the information before me, whether his con-
clusion is correct or not. I deem that it is emi-
nently proper in a bill like this that the Commit-
tee of Accounts should make a report, placing the
facts upon our tables that every gentleman may
examine for himself, and see whether there is a
reduction, and if so, what is its extent, and also,
whether the reduction is made at the proper point.
These are matters of detail which ought to have
examination. I move that the bill he recommitted
to the Committee of Accounts, with instructions
that they report the number of present clerks and
other employes of the House, and the compensa-
tion which is now paid to each of them under the
law,
Mr. STANTON. There is a class of econo-
mists who will never support any measure except
it is perfect in every respect. They do not sup-
port any, for the reason that it does not begin
at the right place, or affect the proper officers, or
some other reason. Although they are very de-
cided economists in all kinds of expenditure, yet
there is some special reason why this bill does not
meet their approbation. I always have a great
sympathy for this class of economists, because
they are so difficult to please. Now, sir, if I find
a proposition which is in itself a legitimate and
proper measure of economy, I shall not stop to
see whether there may not be something else done
in addition. I will take what is presented, and
whatever else I can lay my hand on, as a separate
and distinct proposition.
Mr. Speaker, i do not understand the bill now
before the House to be in substance a bill to re-
duce anybody's salary. I do not understand it
to be a proposition to reduce anybody's compen-
sation. That is not the question. I understand
that there is no definite and distinct legislation, no
explicit law limiting the number of th? employes
of this House. That I understand to be the dif-
ficulty. The Committee of Accounts, as we learn
it'om its members, are pressed for the payment of
claims by persons who say that they are em-
ployes of ihU House. The committcc hare no
meanis of ascertaining who are legally, properly,
and legitimately employed. They have no means
of ascertaining the precise rate of compensation
to which the various officers of the House are
entitled. They present this bill here that there
may be a law which will definitely and distinctly
fix the number of the employes, and the compen-
sation to which each shall be entitled.
J confess my utter inability to comprehend any 1
reason upon which an objection to such a bill can
be founded. No gentleman says that the em-
ployes are not sufficiently numerous. No gentle-
man says that there ought to be more clerks or
more messengers. They do not say there are too
few. They do not say that the compensation is I
not sufficient. Then, I ask, what objection can i
there be to the bill? There seems to be a general |
suspicion that some of these officers will be cutoff, j
Nobody knows who will be reached, and some of |
the members are afraid that it will cut olTsome of !
their appointments and proteges, and remove them !
from feeding at the public crtb. There is one thing |
certain—I have no friends at the public crib, and i
lam not troubled byany considerations like those j
I have mentioned; and I think that my friends on ]
this side of the House have no need to be troubled ;
on that score. If it is a legitimate and proper j
measure of economy, they certainly can have no (
personal objection to voting for it. Permit me to I
make another remark. I, for one, regard the j
course of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. j
Smith,] the Representative of an adjoining dis- j
trict, as an evidence that he is operated upon by I
patriotic motives, and not by personal considera- j
tions. As regards the number of employes there I
may be here from his district, the greater the num- j
ber the stronger is the evidence of his patriotism !
in the course he pursue s in advocating this bill. 1
Gentlemen around me say the bill will not reach
them. That is a question for those who have
charge of these appointments to settle. If there
is too large a proportion of the gentleman's con-
stituents employed, they can be removed any day;
and because of that too great proportion he is in
greater danger than any other gentleman upon this
lloor of having his constituents suffer from the
U operation of this bill.
[\ But, Mr. Speaker, the evil that this bill seeks
to remedy must be apparent to every gentleman
who has served in former Congresses. Everyone
knows that, just at the close of the session, per- :
sons who have been employed by the officers of
this House in various subordinate capacities, as
clerks, or messengers, or pages, without authority ;
of law, comc here and appeal to the equity of the
House, or to the good nature of members, for j
compensation for the services they have rendered. ;
That is where the difficulty arises. There come
up here, on the 3d of March, at a short session, i
or on the last day of a long session, resolutions
reciting that A, B, and C have been employed in
this, that, and the other capacity, and have ren-
dered very valuable services to the House; and
that, therefore, they be paid the same rate of com-
pensation that is paid to other employes perform-
ing similar services. Men engage in these various :
employments about the House with the expecta- !
tionand the confident belief that at the expiration i
of the session their services will be compensated, '
although there is no law by authority of which I
they can be employed, and although they are serv- !
ing without any actual employment. j
Now, I take it that this bill is intended to cut ;
off all that description of uncertainty about the j
employes of the House which exists under the 1
presentlaw. There is another thing that I should
be exceedingly glad if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] would adopt as an amend-
ment to this bill, which I am very much afraid
would not be reached by the provisions of the
present law; and that is, that'this House shall
not, by resolution, at the close of its sessions,
authorize any increased compensation to any em-
ploye of the House, to be paid out of its contin-
gent fund, or from any other source. Let us fix
all the salaries at what is liberal, adequate, and
sufficient, so that every man shall know how much
he is to have, and not at the end of the session
add twenty, twenty-five, or fifty per cent, to the
compensation of our employes.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection at all to such
a provision bemg incorporated into this bill; but
1 understand that that is the law now.
Mr. STANTON. It is suggested to me that
this subject has been sufficiently discussed, andl
demand the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Florence
and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 82, nays 40.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 2, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. George D. Cummins, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. B A.Y ARD presented the memorial of Rob-
ert Hale, praying for compensation for his im-
provement in war rockets, and for his stand for
firing them; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Francis D. Pons, for himself and Peter Pons, late
partners in trade, praying that he may be allowed
to prove his claims for losses in Florida, in 1812
and 1813, before the judge of the northern district
of Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SLIDELL presented two memorials of
citizens of New Orleans, praying that a system
of instruction may be introduced on board our
vessels of war for the improvement of the person*
nel of the Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of the
heirs-at-Iaw of S. Girard and others, praying for
the confirmation of their title to certain lands in
the State of Louisiana; which was reported to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLARK presented the memorial of Wil-
liam A. Vaughan, John Smith, William D. Lit-
tle, and others, praying for compensation for
services as inspectors at the port of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of J. W.
Brown, praying Congress to purchase his patent
for the manufacture of fire-arms, which will greatly
lessen the cost of their manufacture; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also presented a petition of assistant en-
gineers in the Navy, praying that their pay may
date from their promotion, and not from the issue
of their warrants by the Navy Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
| Mr G WIN presented papers relating to the
| claim of S. W. Holladay and others; which were
j referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Lewi# F. Ta?istro, on the
files of the Senate,be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Charles A. Kinkead. ia
behalf of Livingston, Kinkead & Co., on the tiles of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PAY OF DEPUTY SURVEYORS.
Mr. G-WIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of meu'dsing
the compensation now allowed bylaw to the United states*
deputy surveyors m the State of California, for survejing
private land claims m that State.
LAND LAWS.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RcsMcd, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expedienc> of causing to be pre-
pared, under their supervision and control, a continuation
of the compilation of tiie laws and deeiMons of the Ot-part-
mentd of Treasury and Interior pertaining to tno public
lands, accompanied by the opinions of Attorneys G-neral,
and decision's of the Supreme Court relating to said law-*,
