1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tWB
Federalist, indued, introduced tins very casp, tw entirely
cleat, to illustrate the doctrine of an exclusive power by
implication, arising; fi om the repugnancy of a similar power
in the estates. ' This power nuHtnecessarily be exclusive,'
the authors ; 4 because,.if each State had power to pre-
scribe a distinct rule, there could be 110 uniform rule.'"
Mr. Speaker, I have called attention to these
clauses in this standard authority upon the Con-
stitution , for the purpose of marking what I deem
important in reference to the ultimate conclusion
at which I propo.se to arrive. It is a doctrine
which will not be questioned by any one; but it
will be contended that it does not present the real
question involved in the bill before us. I propose
to show that it does.
I desire now to call attention to what is said in
the Federalist upon the subject, because it was a
cotemporain'ous exposition of the Constitution;
it was designed to present the Constitution in such
a light to the American people as to secure its
adoption; it was the exposition, too, of great and
impartial minds, and I propose to read from two
of the numbers, one by Mr. Hamilton, and the
other by Mr. Madison. In the one by Mr. Hamil-
ton, he goes on to classsl'y the circumstances un-
der which powers are denied to the States. Me
says theyare ofthrec descriptions or classes. One
is where exclusive power is granted in terms to the
General Government; another is where powers
are denied to the States; and the third is where
the power is totally contradictory and repugnant
if exercised by the States; and I take this occasion
here to read his emphatic and delightful doctrine
upon the subject of the true construction of the
Constitution. He says:
" But as the plan of the convention aim? only at a pai tinl
union orconr-ohdation. the Slate governments would eleatlv
retain all tne light-of sovereignly winch they before had,
and which were nor, by that act, exclusively delegated to
the United States."
Again:
" Arid where it granted an authority to the Union to which
a similar authomy in the States would be absolutely and
totally contiadictoiy and repugnant."
Further on he says:
"The third will be found in that clause which declares
thatUor^r.^s-hail have power to esubl>sh a umhjk.m rlle
of natu>alizrUion throughout the. United States Thi«mu-t
necessarily be exclusive; becau-c if each State had powei
to prescube a distinct rulk. there could be no uniform
kl'lfc. !"
But Mr. ?>-Iadison wrote upon this subject also,
and I desue to call paiuculai attention to has views
upon it. Mr. Madison, m ueating the same ques-
tion, for it was one, I Lx g you to remember, that
interested deeply the American people, goes over
the same ground with his characteristic power
and clearness.
In the forty-second number of the Federalist,
Mr. Madison says:
" The dissimilarity m the rules of naturalization has long
been remark'd as a fault m out sy>tem, and as lawn? a fo.nid-
ation tor lntiieate and delicate questions. In the fouith
article of the Confederation it is deeiaied J that ihu free in-
habitant? of each of the State-, pmpers. vagabonds, and fu-
gitives fiom justice excepted, siial) be emitted to all the pnv-
ileg^a and mimum tnss of free citizens in the several States;
and the people of each State shall, m every other, enjoy all
the privilege- of trade and commerce, &.e.' Theieis a con-
fusion of language here, winch is lemaikable. Wh\ tne
teuns free inhabitants ate u«e(l in one put of the cruel0,
free citizens m anothei, and peof'e in anothei ; or what was
meant b\ supeiaddtng to k nil privil^e- and immmiries ot^
free citizen^,* 'a!! tin? piivile^cs oi fade and commerce,4
cannot easily be determined- I t-eein < to be a const! uction
scarcelv avoidable, however, that tlio-e who come under
the d .'nomination of free hiba',want's of a S«<ue. although
not c mzen-of s'ucli State, at.* entitled, inevi ly other tftate,
to all the privileges offree citizen? of the latrei ; th.it is to
greater ptmieges than they may he entitled to in thQ,rowa
State : so thaUt tnav be in the power of a pauicul.ir Stale,
or rather every State is laid under a necessity, not only to
confer the i.fht- of citizfrnhip in other State-, upon any
whom it may admit to Mich light* withm itselfjmf upo-i
anv whom it ni.tv allow to become inhabitants within its
jtili-ihf'ii'">n liu'i wme an exposition of the term -inhab-
itant^5 to he admitted, winch would confine the -TiptilatcJ
privileges t<) citizen* alone, the dirticu'iy is d munched on.),
not lemovvd The vei> mip oper pow« r would stiil b^iv
tmn.'d hv <'aeh grate, of nai'iiahzmsr aliens m '-vet j other
Stat.-, in one Pirate, lendence tor a ->hort term eonler*
all the riiht-* of citizenship; m anuther, qualifications ot
greater imp ntunce aie requited An alien, therefoie, le-
gally incapacitated for certain rights in the latter, may, by ,
pievious residence only in the lotmei, elude his incapacity;
and thus the law of one State be pteposteronsdy rendeied
paramount to the law of another, withm the jmkdicuou of ,
the other. , '
" We owe it to mere ca=iultv that very i-ermus cmnar-
ra<*uv nts «m lb.* subject hav • been hitherto esc ip^l. Hy
the iiius of several States, ecttam deseiiption^ r i ahen-,
who had rendeied t!imn--eiv"s obno\i.'«3-s, wetc i ml under
imeidieH inconsistent, i.nt nuh with the ngiiH ol ci'i.scu-
t-hip, hut Willi ilie privdegf-, of ic-ideuce. W ii.it vom.l
have been the consequence if such p r:,on-,,by lestaeneeoi
otbei wise, had acquired the chancier of eitueus uml-T
laws of another State, and then asserted their rights as such,'
both to lesidenceand citizenship,within tlieSiate proscrib-
ing them' Whatever the legal consequences might have
been, other consequences would probably have resulted, of
too serious a natiue not to be provided against. The new
Constitution ha<5, accouhngly, with great propriety, made
provision against them, and all other*, proceeding fioai the
defect of the Confederation on tins head.byauthorizingthe
General Government to establish a uniform rule of natur-
alization throughout the United States."
In the Dred Scott decision, before referred to,
the same doctrine is maintained:
" The Constitution has conferred upon Congress the right
to establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and this rMit
is evidently exclusive, and has always been held by this
court to be so.51
I advert to these important authorities for the
purpose of letting this House see that every evil
I depicted there, and every evil designed to be
' averted by the power thus exclusively conferred
upon the Federal Government, is to be revived
and restored under the system which now seems
likely to be adopted. If, then, this power be ex-
clusive, I askhow the States can concern with it?
I maintain that until naturalization is completed,
the power of Congress over the foreigner remains.
I repeat, and I desire it to be understood, that
Federal authority does not relinquish its control
over the foreigner until his right to naturalization
is peifected.
What is requisite to give a foreigner the right
of suffrage? He must make his declaration; he
must be five yearn in the country, and that must
be proved by two cit'zens of the United States;
he must show himself to be a man of probity and
good demeanor, and to have borne an unques-
tionable character; lie must show that he is ac-
quainted with cur institutions, and attached to
the principles of our Government. Suppose that
the foreigner should ask to be naturalized, and
shauld fail in any of these requisites: can he ac-
quire the right of citizenship: iV.opose that he
turns out to be a man of bad diameter; sup.-ose
it is notorious that he is anything but friendly to
our free institutions; suppose, instead of showing
he is attached to the principles of our Govern-
ment, that it is shown thai he is still a mon \rch-
ist: he cannotacquire the rights of naturalization;
and th-is it is, sir, he may be rejected in the very
last moment, after having been five years in the
country, and when he appears in court to perfect
his right to citizenship. Congress, then, does not
lose irs hold of him until the last hour*, and, until
he becomes an American citizen,the State lias no
power to confer upon him the rights of suffidire
in any Federal election, i think that this is one
of those propositions which cannot be contro-
verted ; and I think that,as ConaT^sscon'rohshim
until ali the conditions required by the naturali-
zation laws are fully complied with, it i  conclu-
sive evidence that the B;ate has no power to con-
fer upon him any political right under the Federal
Constitution whatever.
It is said, in this connection, that the States
have always exems-d this power. That was
said by some ^entlemeu who have preceded me
in this debate. Allow me to say, thru I think
that is a £r.\fct mistake. You know that tins
subject anxtouely en^a^ed the attention of those
who piee-'ded us; ancl with.out upon
it, I be* hjave to call the attention of the House
to what, m debating the naturalization laws in
1795, Mr. Gallatin said. The question c:une up
in connection with the right of suOrage in his own
State. There were mony persons naturalized un-
der the State law who were excluded from all the
rights of United States citizenship. I get what
i cxtiact from Gales 6c Seaton's Annals:
'• Gallatin wished to know whether the piovwon?
of this ;u-l nie intended to extend to ppi^ons who vveic m
the countiv previous to the p'l-r-m:. or the law oi January,
179.3. whieh i eqlure-5 a i e -idenee oi live yuans before an ah.'m
can heeu.ae a em-sen, but who hive lic^i.H-ied to bt-eome
citizens, us well as to ail tho-e aliens w'M have come 10
this count! v -"iiH'e J muary, I rj.> ?
c- A^nn,'he said, one iea-on which led him t<> mention
thii ciietufisrance wa-. that there are a srieatrmmiu-i oi per-
sons ni the tftue of Penn-^ylvmna, and many in the d^tuet
fi om u hence he came, who, though theyare not citizen > of
the United State-, leally bel.ev^thev fie. Tin-mistake has
ai isen ttoai (an en or common to mo-tofthe di-mict^ of the
United Staler) a belief that an alien's betim naus1 ahzed by
the law-, oi a State government, since the tua oi 17i>0, made
him a < rtiiscn of th j L'mted States, lie rdway-j tho.irht that
eon-sti U'-tion to be wioej.'.Cougiesd havtim the powes to pass,
and having passed, a um'bim nattirah/umon law, w nen, ui
hi-opinion, i xeiude<l the tdeaofadmi-Mon tu cm n-le;i on
dnT'i: i't t: i ei> hv the individual States. Jin! h \ kne  v i he
contrary opinion', till lately, generally prevailed. Inriee h he
knew that at Tim late eSoeteoa m that cite, the of re-
>p:ctablc mcich.int-j who nad obtamod Ann r,ctin
for their vessels, on a presumption of their bei^f^lze^,,
were refused on this ground- The same "miss talce;?liAi ex-
tended to other parts of the Union. ?
"Mr. G. supposed that since the year 1790, from ten to
fifteen thousand emigrants had come into the State of Penn-
feyJvauia, two thirds of whom believed, till lately,,t-bat they
were citizens of the United States, from their haying Seen
naturalized by the laws of that State. It hasirow.bien dis-
covered that they are not citizens; but since th-atdfceovery
was made, they have not bad an .opportunity of ^qlng ad-
mitted according to the law of tlie United States.
Here yon see, in reference to naturalization un-
der State laws, Mr. Gallatin concedes, th^t those
thus naturalized were not citizens, and that con-
sequently the right of suffrage should be denied
them. Hp himself was of foreign birth, and of
course interested in the question, and would not
hastily have decided as he did.
Mr BLISS. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment ?
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. BLLSS. I rise simply for the purpose of
asking the gentleman from Virginia to give us,if
he has the act before him, the language of the
Pennsylvania statute upon that subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginia. I have it not. I
have read from the debate of 1793.
Mr. BLISS. I asked the question because I
did not know exactly what that statute was.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The debate was
upon the subject of naturalization.
Mr. I3LISS. The question is this ; whether the
Pennsylvania statute, to which the gentleman re-
fers, conferred the elective franchise, or under-
took to naturalize generally?
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say a word upon
the point on which the gentleman from Ohio has
interrupted the gentleman from Virginia, i will
call the attention of the gentleman from Virginia
to the fact that, by an early decision of the courts
of Pennsylvania, it was held that a State had con-
current jurisdiction with the Federal Government
in the matter of the naturalization of foreigueis;
and to the debate growing out of that matter, I ap-
prehend that the clause which the gentleman read
referred.' It did not relate to the question of the
right of a citizen to vote, but related alone to the
power to naturalize.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is natural-
ization ? It is the giving to foreigners rights which
they did not previously possess, and among them
the right to vote. Did the Pennsylvania law con-
fer that right? If it be the decision of a statute,
I care not; but did the Pennsylvania law give that
right. The answer is at hand. Says Mr. Gallatin:
•'•Indeed, we knew that, i.i the late election in tlm city,
the ra/rs of respectable merchant!, who had obtained Amer-
ican resistors for their vessels on a presumption of their
being citizens, weie refused on this gtound. The same
mistake had extended to other paits of "the Union."
; Op what ground were they refused the right of
suffrage? Gentlemen talk about this Pennsylva-
: nia law not conferring the right of suffrage; and
■ vet hern it is expressly said that it did confer the
right of suffrage, and these men sought to exer-
cise thatnghtunderthe Pennsylvania naturaliza-
tion law. I may not understand it; but here it
i is, and " lie who runs may read." If a man who
came forward to vote under the provisions of that
! law was excluded, he was excluded upon the
! g'-ound that he was not a citizen of the United
' States; and if he was permitted to vote, it would
, be upon the presumption that he was a citizen of
I the United States; and I undertake to say, and I
: have no doubt such will be the fact, that this
Pennsylvania law was passed prior to the adop-
tion of the Constitution. It was, no doubt, the
old Pennsylvania constitution regulating this ques-
tion, which was superseded, as was decided in a
case m the State of Maryland, by the adoption of
the Federal Constitution. That will no doubt be
found to be the state of things, and those respect-
able merchants were denied the right of suffrage,
though located permanently in the country, be-
cause they were not citizens of theUnited States,
and not because of any other provision, citizen-
ship being the fundamental condition to the ex-
ercise of this h igh attiibuto of popular sovereignty.
I think it will be found that this is the clew to the
subject.
But without dwelling at large upon this sub-
ject, let me proceed. In a case which came di-
rectly before the Sapreme Court of the United
States, as reported in second Wheaton, the court
, went into u discussion of the question of property,
and they superseded the law of the^State of Ma-
ryland, and g*vo the property a different direc-
