1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3029
clause, in respcet to the amount which the Post- j
master General is authorized ito give, it seems to I
me that it would be doing violence to language to '
give it any other interpretation than this, that the
Postmaster General, in making contracts that he
if now authorized to make by law, shall not be
authorized to give a sum beyond what would be
covered by the postages accruing from the mails
transported over the particular route. It seems
to me, therefore, useless to be splitting hairs about
what is so manifest.
Mr. SICKLES. The fourth amendment of the
Senate is as follows:
J2nd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause the mails to be
tran.-poited between the United States and any foreign port
or ports by steamships, allowing and pa>mg therefor out of
any money irt the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; if
by an American vessel, the sea and United States inland
postages, and if by a foreign vessel, the sea postages only
on the mails so conveyed : Provided, That the preference
shall always be given to an American over a foreign steam-
ship when departing from the same portfor the same desti-
nation within three days of each other.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man another question. The aggregate amount of
postages paid last year between San Francisco
and New York 
Mr. SICKLES. That inquiry can throw no
possible light on this section, because it relates
entirely to foreign service.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York a question. I
want information upon this subject so as to know
how to vote. I have a paper in my hand, and I .
desire to call the attention of the gentleman to
some of the facts stated m it. Perhaps he can ;
tell mc if they are true or not. I read from that .
paper:
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company under contract
for ten vr-ar^, from October 1. 1848, to October 1,to
carry tin* mail between Panama and California twice a
"month fur th? annual pay of £.338,000, which expires Octo-
ber. 1858, and wish it continued tor one year; they do not
ask it to be renewed, but the Postmaster Genet al requests
the Committee of Ways and Means to put the appiopria-
tion into the mail steamer lull
'* These companies, in order to prevent all competition to
their line, and to enable them, as they do. to charge passen-
ger* double fare, have actually paid Vanderbiit $30,000 per
month, and the United States Mail Steamship Company,
carrying the mail between New York and Aspinwnll, an
additional sum of $10,000 per month, making $40,000 per
month tn Vanderbiit since -May, which they continue
to do This $480,000 are paid to Vanderbiit per annum
simply to give these two companies the entire monopoly of
their fines—which sum, and much more, is charged over to
passengers and freight."
Mr. SICKLES. I yielded for an inquiry. I
did not yield to tho Gentleman to read an essay.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am asking the
gentleman a question.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will pro-
pound a question, I will answer it; but he is lead-
ing from an anonymous document.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is not anony-
mous. I have seen the same statement in the
!Me\v York Herald, and I ask the gentleman if he
can deny its correctness r
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will pro-
pound a distinct question, I will answer it; but I
do not yield to him to read an unofficial publica-
tion. ;
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the gen- :
tleman if the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, j
whose contract expires 111 October next, are not
paving §40,000 a month to Mr. Vanderbiit to pre- ;
vent him fronirunning an opposition line to them, '
and if they are not making upon this contract now
thirty per cent, upon the amount which they have
invested?
Mr. SICKLES. I am surpiised that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi should propound a ques-
tion of that kind with reference to this report; for
whatever answer might be given could in no way
affect the vote of a single member upon any prop-
osition agreed to by the managers of the confer-
ence. I presume there are no appropriations in
the bill with reference to the line to which the gen-
tleman lefers, except those necessary to fulfill
existing obligations of the Government under
pending contracts. As to the facts to which the
gentleman refers, if they nre facts, they will be-
come applicable and useful if lulled to the atten-
tion of Congress, or of the Post Office Depart-
ment, when'the contract to which he refers shall
expire.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois The anonymous
documentfrom which the gentleman from Missis-
sippi has read, coming from what quarter I do not
know, has been brought in here and laid upon our
desks, with this caption written in pencil: " kill
mail steamer bill—anew bill can he prepared with-
out Pacific swindle." This document has been
distributed here for the purpose of influencing the
votes of members. Now, I voted against the bill
before, but I think that this attempt to influence
the votes of members by the circulation of anony-
mous documents deserves the severest condem-
nation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. And that docu-
ment emanates from a man who has been endeav-
oring to levy black mail out of this steamship
company.
Mr. SICKLES. I decline to yield further.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to say a few words.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir; I will not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is unfair to the
House and the country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has a right to decline to yield.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the House
will vote down the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask the gentleman this question: whether the con-
ferees considered fairly the act of 1851—not of
1845—which regulates the power of the Postmas-
ter General, when providing for the transmission
of the mails from one point in the United States
to another point in the United States, through a
foreign country? Will the gentleman permit me
to read an abstiact of that act?
Mr. SICKLES. 1 would rather the gentleman
would state the point.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The point
is this: that by existing law the Postmaster Gen-
eral now has authority to make contracts under
certain limitations, for the transmission of the
mails from one point in the United States to an-
other point in the United States, through foreign
countries, and it is limited to a term of four years;
and he has the authority now, whenever a speed-
ier route can be ascertained, to abrogate all the ex-
isting contracts, and to take that new and speedier
route upon arranging a just indemnity to the con-
tractors on the routes he discards. It is provided
further, that he shall advertise, and give the new
j route to the lowest bidder. It occurs to my mind
! that the law, as you propose to put it, will in-
I volve the country in the adjustment of indemnity,
I and will probably make a war by the Post Office
! Department upon existing routes by the substi-
tution of a new route; whereas, if I understood
the vote of the House of Representatives, they
intended to stop this power altogether.
Mr. SICKLES. The point made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is, in substance, that made
heretofore by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.] It was fully answered, I think, by what
I said m reference to the objection of the gentle-
man from Tennessee; and certainly, sir, after the
lucid explanation of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Tayloe,] I think that nothing re-
mains to be added. The pomt is here: whatever
authority the Postmaster General may have, as
the gentleman from Kentucky claims, with refer-
ence to the class of contracts to which lie refers,
he possesses under the law to which the gentle-
man called the attention of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. With mod-
ifications which your law dispenses with.
Mr. SICKLES. Not at all. I put it to the
gentleman from Kentucky, in all fairness, that
not a word in this bill can be construed as modi-
fving, or repealing, or affecting, excepting by way
of limitation or restriction, any of the existing
laws relating to this subject. The phraseology,
in its legal as well as m its ordinary import, means
that. Look again at the language, " that it shall
not be lawful for the Postmaster General to make
any contract, &c , for a longer period than for
two years, or for a greater compensation than
postages." Now, tlieie would be no sense m
employing such phraseology, except as a limita-
tion upon existing powers conferred bjr antecedent
laws.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Before the
chairman passes from this point, 1 desire to call
his attention to the fact that if there he a prohib-
itory clause, if there be a provision of law giving
the Postmaster General power to do thus and so
for four years under limitation, and yoa after-
wards pass a prohibitory clause that it shall not
be lawful for him to do thus and so for more than
two years, except on a specified condition, not-
withstanding your prohibition your clause be-
comes a positive one, that confers all power upon
him. There can be no doubt about it.
Mr. SICKLES. Of course this limitation can-
not retroact upon any contract already made; but
if does act upon any new contract, both by its own
force and effect and by the qualifications it im-
poses upon powers conferred by existing laws;
and this is all the answer that it is necessary to
make to this new point of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I think it is perfectly in-
telligible to this House, or ought to be, that the
. provision in this bill refers to the act of 1845.
i This provision is clearly a restriction to the ex-
j tent of two years; for, by the terms of the act of
1845, the Postmaster General cannot only do what,
under this bill, he can do for two years, but he
can make a contract extending ten years. This,
then, is a restriction. It restricts his power to
make a contract for ocean service to two years,
whereas, by existing law, he can make a contract
for ten years.
To sum up the whole matter briefly, this bill,
as it went from the House, was a mere appropri-
ation bill; it would have been better, perhaps, if
it could have remained so. But the Senate added
several sections of general legislation with refer-
ence to the service. Alf these have been aban-
doned, except in two particulars; in the first place,
we have agreed upon certain clauses which oper-
ate to control the expenditure of the appropria-
tions made; and next, we agree to a provision
which insures a fair trial of an experiment to
carry ocean mails for postages, wherever the ser-
vice is performed, and whether wholly or in part
by sea.
It is evident that the country looks to Congress
and to the Administration to give this experiment
a fair trial; and although, in my opinion, it would
have been better to leave the whole question to the
next session, 1 am prepared to go as far now as is
proposed in this report, to give the system a fair
trial upon the basis of postages as a compensa-
tion. At the end of two years all existing con-
tracts will have expired, and then Congress, in
view of the abundantinformation it will have upon
the subject, will be prepared to establish a policy
for this service, so important in its relations to
commerce, as well as to the Post Office, that will
be at once enlightened and permanent.
Mr. Speaker, I move the report be accepted;
and demand the previous question.
| Mr. SICKLES. The fifth amendment of the
i Senate was as follows:
i Sec. 6. And be it further enacted} That the Postmaster
I General be, and he is hereby, directed to provide for and
i maintain, if practicabie, at a cost not to exceed, m any in-
| stance, the sea and United States inland postage on the
i mails conveyed, a weekly mail to and from Europe, by
: United States mail packets, to alternate at regular intervals
: with the British mail packets, plying between New York
I and Liverpool, and Doston and Liverpool, the preference to
| be given to such line or hne^ of American steamships, smt-
j able in all respects for tne service, as shall offer the host
! permanent contract: Provided, that no contract shall he
I made under the pioviMons of this act for the same service
; on the same week for which E. K.,Co)lins and others have
: contracted during the continuance of that engagement.
i The Senate receded from that amendment.
Mr. CR.AIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
lay the report upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
'Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaise of
North Carolina, and Clemens, were appointed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to in-
quire whether if the report is laid on the table it
i will not carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It will.
; The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-seven; a sufficient number; and the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
I the negative—yeas 49, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkms, Barksdale, Bliss, Gocock, Bon-
ham, Burnett. Caskie, Clemens Cobb, Cnvode, Burton
Ci.in". Davnoi'lndiaiia, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes, Dean,
Dewart. Edie, Elliott." Faulkner. Florence, Gilmer. Hop-
