3030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
kitts. Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Jacob M.
Kmi'kel, Lamar. Humphrey Marshall, Samuel ri. Mai-dinll,
Mavtiard* Pendleton, Peyton, Wilham W. Pheips, Powell,
Euifin, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Spinner, Stan-
ton. Stevenson, Talbot, Tompkins?, Tnppe, Underwood,
Wade, Elhbu R. Washburne, Whiteley, and Woodson—49. j
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Aid, Anriiew*, Arnold, !
" BiHinghnrst, Binsham, Bowie, Branch, Drayton, Bryan, j
Buffinton, Burlmjjame, Bump, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, }
Chapman. Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, i
Clawson,Chiy, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, ;
Corning, Cox, Crawford, Curry. Curtis. Dt^in of i
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dick. Dimmick. Dodd, Dowdell, !
English, Eu-ti&, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gaarell, 1
Gilhs, Gdman, Gonch, Gress, Groe-b'-ck, Giow. Robcit B. j
Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, llawkm?, Hoard, Ilnrton, {
Houston, Huyler, Jackson. J. Glaticv Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, j
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landv, Leidv, Letter, Lovejoy, ,
Maclay, MeKibbin, Mason, Matte?oi>, Mile*, Mdlson, ,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill. Edward Joy Morn*. Freeman H. j
Morse,Mott, Niblack, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Parker, John j
S. Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Pumance, Reagan, Redly, Ri- ;
caud, Ritchie, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Sandid^e, Scott, (
Searing, Judton W.Sherman. Shorter, fiSicklo-*, Samuel A !
Smith, Stalhvorth, James A. Stewart, Tappau, George j
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Walbrutee. Walton, Waul, 1
Isr<i«l Wa&hburn, White, Wortendvke, and ZoihcofFer— ,
116. " I
So the House refused to lay the report on the
table.
Mr. HOWARD stated, pending the call of
the yeas and nays, that he had paired off with
Mr. Greenwood.
[A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing: the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House for the benefit of the cantors of the British
brig Caledonia, in the war of 1810, wrh amend-
ments, in which he was directed to iv./x tnr con-
currence of the House.]
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to bo put.
Mr. DEAN demanded the ytas and nays upon
agreeing to the report.
Mr. CLEMENS called for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clark of
Connecticut, and Craige of North Cdioima, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three, a sufficient number; and the
yens and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 08, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrew-., Arnold,
BiHmshursf, Jiincbam, Bowie, jjiftridi. Brajton, Ct\an,
Buffinton, Bmhmjame, Bimoiigns Caio, I'avnn.myh, * 'lut-
fee, Chapman, E7-ia Clark, Claw.-on. CLnk B. Cooiiano,
John Cochrane, Colfas, C'onuns Coming. Co\, Cia-Muid,
Curry, Davidson. Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Ma->ac!iu-':U.-,
Davis of Iowa, Dick, Dimmick, Dowdell, Duif *e. Eh 1j-1),
Eu-nw, Foster, Garnutt, Gartroll, Giddin<rs, Gilhs!, Gilm
' or any
ection of
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman II. Mor?e, Nib'.ick,
Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Pa.ker, Pottle. Purvianee, Reagan,
Reillv, Uicaud, Ritchie, Robhms, Roberts, Ilovce, Russell, j
Sand'idge, Scott, Searing, JmUun W Sherman, Shoitor,
Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Tappau, George Taylor, Miles! ,
Taylor, Thayer, Walton, Waul, Israel YVa&hluiin, White, 1
Window, Wood, and Wortendvke—C6. >!
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Baik'-dale. Bennett, Blur, Rh=?, i
Bocock, Bonham, Burnett, Ca>kie, John B. Claik. Clay, i
Clemens, Cobb, Bnrton Craige, Cuttis, Davis of Mis-i-isippi.
Dawus, Dean, Dcwait, Dodd, Elliott. Faulkner, Fonton, [>
Florence, Folry, Gilmer, Greg<r, Grocsbeck. Giow, Thomas I
L. Harris, Hoard, Hopkins, Hou-ion. Jack-on, Jewctt,
George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Rufrin, Savage, Fcalo, :
Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Spinner, StalHvotth, ,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Tompkins, Tnppe. '
Underwood, Wade, Walbudge, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Wlnteley, Woodson, John V. Wught, and Zulhcofier— !
£7. j
So the report was concurred in. i
Mr. GARNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; find also ,
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. !
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVENUE BILL.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I desire to make a report from
the committee of conference ou the bill of the
House No. 466, as follows:
The committee of conference on 'be disagreeing vote^ of
the two flou-es on the bill (fi R. No 403) making appio-
priations for the expenses ofcoHectins tile revenue horn cus-
toms, having met, after full and fieeconteienee have agreed
to recotiunen.l. and do recommend, to their lespective
Houses, as follow*.:
That the Iionsc recede fiom it- disagreement to the fouith
amendment of the Senate, and concui with an amendment,
as follows: Strike out all aftei the woid "waichouses,5* m
line five, to the word than,''' in line eight, and insert, " oi
appraisers' shall receive a compcnsatiQn more than twenty-
five percent, greater." _
1 It. M. T. HUNTER,
J. I). BRIGHT,
B. F. WADE.
l*Iana ers on fne i>art of the Senate.
JOHN COCHRANE,
W. L. UNDERWOOD,
Managers on the part of the House.
There were but four amendments proposed by
the Senate to this bill. In two of those amend-
ments the House concurred. To one of them
they disagreed, but concurred in it with an amend-
ment, to which the Senate agreed,leaving thereby
only the fourth amendment m which the House
non-concurred. The Senate insisted, and asked
i a committee of conference, and it was upon that
i amendment that the conference was had. I will
| read the amendment of the Senate, so that the
; House may understand the action of the commit-
I tee of conference. It is as follows:
! " Jlnd be it further enacted, That no collector of the cus-
! toms, deputy collector, naval officer, deputy naval officer,
! -urveyor, deputy smvevor, general apprai>ei, superintend-
: ent ot waiehousos.or any other office- or person engaged in
| the collection of the revenue, shall receive a greatei com- !
1 pensation than 1? now paw! to the officeis and person^ en-
1 passed in sanl service at the port of New York : Provided,
' That thii section f1i.uI not be so con^uucd a-« to increase
I the coinpen-at:o*j of anv ofiiccr of the customs, or of any
, pi-K-on en^^vd in the colleeuon thereof."
The House should understand that there is but ^
I one collection district at which the compensation !
' of ofii.-ers is greater than the compensation ofoffi- '
. cers at the port of New York. That district is
tiie district of California. Of coats** this Senate
ameudinei'tnperatef5,and wvn intended to operate,
unon the cor.ipon^dti'.n of officers in that district.
I The ciiVct of tl«o amendment was to cut down the
CGM[>ei SiU on of all ofsicess and employes engaged
in the collection of the iavenue in that district.
The 110*.t.so noh-concutn d in the amendment.
The subject has iiecn Ireely discussed hy the com-
mntje ot conference, and they came to the con-
c!usimi—vviih bui one exception, and that was the
gentleman iVom California, [Mr. Scott]—that the
i amendment ut the Senate snould be concurred in,
■ with an amendnifnt to stuke the woids
;! oilier ofneer or person engaged m the col
II the i c venue shall l tcei ve a greater compensation,"
1 j and insert the words oi appraisers shall receive
;! a compensation more t'oan twenty-five per cent.
greater;" so that the Rmendment, if the recom-
■ mendation of the committee is concurred in, will
read:
That no c^kcfe) of tbe eu-toni-. d'jputv collector, naval
odker, d"pu;> na\al oihcoi. -iiiwjoi, deputy Movjor,
, general appra.^-er, supenni< nd^nt of waiehoiKc^, or ap-
p"<users. shail leccne a <'• 'n;ien&a:ion moie than tweiity-
w paid to the o'I-ccm and
Provided. &c.
A fow words m this connection are perhaps
necessary to a full understanding by the House
of the reasons of the action of the committee in
the premises. The following statement will show
the comparative compensation of the several offi-
cers at the port of New York, and at the port of
San Francisco:
JS"eiv York. California.
Collector $6,100 §10.000
Deputy collector   2,500 4,000
Naval otficer  5,000 B,0).0
i Deputv naval officer  2,00-) 3.000
; Putvevor   4,S00 7,000
; Deput'vMjivevor  2.000 4#)0
j Warehouse superintendent  2.000 3,600
1 General appiai.-et  2,500 6.000
; Appraism   2,000 6,000
1 This scale of compensation, so much greater
1 in San Francisco than m New York, was adopted
■ in reference to high priccs current and high rates
1 of rentm San Fmncisco, compared with what they
; 1 then were at any other port of the (Jnited States.
|] it was averred m the committee, and with truth,
' that the scale of prices for living, rent,&c., in .
: i San Francisco was now nearly that of New York !
j1 and other ports of the Union, but it was con- !
I, ceded that it was stiil somewhat greater, though i
i not as great as formerly, in reference to that j
I; it was that the committee thought that if they i
i adopted a rate of compensation to the superior !
officers in San Francisco engaged in the collection <
1 of revenue twenty-five per cent, greater than that 1
■ of the same class of officers in New York, the j
;; amendment would meet the case and adjust itself !
,i to the greater expense of living. They, under !
the same considerations, also came to the conclu- ;
!i sion that it svould not bo iustifiabie to extend the .
Granger", Roicrt B. Hall. Hatch, 'Uawkm,. Hmioii, Uuyler; llre m u;an - ,C'? ■
J. Glancy Jones. Kelly. Knapp, John C. Kunkel. f.andy, . m s.u. .uim at the jmrt of Atv. iork .
T.eidy, Mac lay, MeKihhtn, Matter-on. Ma\naid, ATi'l-nn, rn
force of this amendment to that class of officers
designated in the words of the Senate amend-
ment, " or any other officer or person engaged in
the collection of the revenue," and which we pro-
pose to strike out. So the words referring to all
those lesser officers, the manipulates—if "I may
so term them—of tfie custom-house and revenue
laws, were stricken out, and the amendment left
as valid and applicable only as to superior offi-
cers. It is proper to say, however, that the third
manager on the part of the House, the member
from California, did not assent to that agreement
or report, thinking that the compensation ought
to be greater.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickixsj, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed an act for
the relief of Myra Clark Gaines, and a bill from
the House granting a pension to Mary A. M.
Jones.
REVENUE BILt AGAIN.
Mr. SCOTT. At this late hour of the night
I would not trespass on the time of the House,
but a sense of duty constrains me to make a state-
ment to this House. Lest some might construe
my opposition to the report of the committee of
conference as a ftctious one, I desire to say that
so far as my action in the committee of confer-
ence was concerned, it was based on personal ex-
perience and personal knowledge. It was not
my desire, even if it lay in my power, to endan-
ger or jeopardize the bill making appropiiations
for the collection of the revenue. J did believe
that the compensation of the custom-house offi-
cers in California was far below that which their
efficiency, capacity, constancy, and worth de-
serve. Still I was willing to agree to a moderate
deduction, and went so far as to concede a de-
duction of fifty per cent. When that amendment
was introduced in the Senate, a superficial ob-
server might have arrived at the conclusion that
it was intended to extend over all the revenue dis-
tricts of the country; but when you come to ex-
amine it, you find that the salaries of these officers
are all equalized, except in the State of California.
| Now, I say that that is unfair and ungenerous
| legislation, especially when the Secretaiy of the
1 Treasury has in contemplation a revision of the
i expenditures for the collection of the revenue. I
i saw that, to my astonishment, when it came to
| the House, the Committee of Ways and Means
i recommended a disagreement, and the House re-
, jected the Senate amendment by a decisive vote,
j It was shown by a gentleman on the committee
i of conference that the cost of living and of cloth-
' ing was almost twice as great in California as it
is on this side. The saiuiies of our custom-hou^e
officers have, nevertheless, been reduced to one
fourth more than those in the Atlantic States.
I do not intend to trespass on the time of the
House further in this matter. I have done my
duty. My action has sprung from no factious op-
position, nor from adispo^ition to retard the action
of this body, so far as this bill was concerned, but
to do justice to those who are far distant, and who
cannot come around Congress to show the differ-
ence between their expenses m the city of San
Francisco and those in New York. I believe that
this is an unfair,unequal, and unjust discrimina-
tion between the officers in San Francisco and the
officers m New Yoik. ♦
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move the previous
question. *
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to reply to the gen-
tleman from California. [Cries of $< Gtuestion 1"
(< Question
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the report of the committee of conference was
adopted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the repoit of the committee of
confeience was adopted; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments to the Post Office appropriation bill have
