3032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
the year 1857, five thousand copies; three thousand for the
use of the Coast Survey office, and two thousand for the
use of thfi House of Representatives.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
Resolution o.n the table.
- Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio what the Coast Survey office needs
with three thousand copies ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I believe I called the previous
question; but 
Cries of " Question !" " Question\!>
Mr. CLEMENS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table. This is a gra-
tuity, and I eould expose it if the gentleman had
not called the previous question.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman cannot ex-
pose me.
Mr. CLEMENS, (amid calls to <( Order!" and
shouts of "Question!" "Question!" It is a
gratuity for the benefit of Cornelius Wendell.
Mr. NICHOLS. What does the gentleman say?
Mr. CLEMENS, (amid continued calls to
" Order!") It is a fit proposition for the dying
hours of the session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether there was not a report on
this subject from the Committee on Printing at an
early ilay of the session, and whether the House
did not refuse to print an extra number of copies.
Mr. NICHOLS. Such is the fact,Mr. Speaker.
Mr. MILES. But does not the House often
change its opinion ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. If the question of printing an extra
number of copies of this report was referred to
the Committee on Printing, and they reported a
resolution in favor of it, and that resolution was
rejected by the House, what right has that com-
mittee to report it again ?
Mr. NICHOLS. It is a different resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But was there a
different motion to print an extra number referred
to that committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
stated that a memorial had been referred to his
committee, signed by -upwards of fifty ship-own-
ers and underwriters of the city of New York,
and that the resolution reported by him from the
committee is predicated on that memorial. The
Chair is of the opinion that the committee have
the right to make the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then anybody
can send a memorial here, and have it referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STANTON. Must not resolutions to print
extra copies go, under the rules, to the Committee
on Printing?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. STANTON. Then, I suppose this reso-
lution should go now to that committee, as this
is the first time the House has heard of this res-
olution.
Mr. SANDIDG-E. I would ask the Chair
whether or not this is a privileged motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is. The Committee on
Printing have the right to report at any time.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Chair
whether the law does not require that all motions
to print extra numbers of documents shall be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then this is the
first motion since the defeat of the resolution to
print an extra number.
The SPEAKER. Is this a motion to print?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a res-
olution from the Committee on Printing, and is
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And one, I think,
w hich they reported without authority.
Mr. SINGLETON. Ab u member of the com-
mittee, I would like to say a word in justification
of that committee.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order if
there be any objection.
Mr. CLEMENS. My mouth is closed. I
object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a joint
resolution of the House in relation to the carry-
ing of the mail between St. Joseph, Missouri,
and Placerville, California; and that it had agreed
to the report of the conference committee on the
disagreeing votes to the Senate's amendments on
the bill making appropriations for collecting the
revenue from customs.
COAST SURVEY REPORT—AGAIN.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 56, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Blair, Bonham, Branch, Burnett, Burns. Caskie, Cava-
naugh, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clem-
ens, Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Burton Craige, Curry, Davis of
Mississippi, Dimmtck, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilhs,
Gregg, Hoard, Houston, Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kellogg, John C. Kunkel, Letcher, Mason, Niblack,Palmer,
Pendleton, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Powell, Reilly,
Ruffin,Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, William
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, Tnppe, Woodson,
and John V. Wright—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Bingham, Bliss,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee,
Horace F. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane,
Comin<?, Corning, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa. Dawes, Dean, Dick,
Dodd/ Durfee, Edie, Eustis, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Gil-
man, Gooch, Goodwin, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Thomas L.
Hart is, Hatch, Hawkins, florton, flnyler. Keitt, Kelly,
Knapp, Lamar, Landy, Lovejoy, Maclay, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maynard, Miles', Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mott, Nichols,
Oim, Parker, Phillips, Potter, Purviance, Reagan, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Judson W. Sherman,'
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, James A. Stewart, Tappan,
Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge,
Walton, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, White,
Wood, and Wortendyke—88.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. COVODE stated (pending the vote) that
Mr. Kilgore and Mr. McQueen had paired off.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the consideration
of this resolution under the 61st rule, which I ask
to have read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" A proposition requesting information from the President
of the United States, or directing it to be furnished by the
head of the Executive Departments, or by the Postmaster
General; or to print an extra number of any document or
other matter, excepting messages of the President to both
Houses at the commencement of each session of Congress,
and the reports and documents connected with or referred
to in it, shall ho on the table one day for consideration, un-
less otherwise ordered by the unanimous consent of the
House : and all such propositions shall be taken up for con-
sideration in the order they were piesented. immediately
afteV reports are called for from select committee?; and
when adopted, the Clerk shall cause the same to be de-
livered."
Mr. LETCHER. My point is this: thatunder
the rule of the House a resolution to print an
extra number of copies shall be referred to the
House one day, at least, before it is considered,
except there be unanimous consent to consider it.
Mr. MILES. I suppose that this objection
comes too late, after the House has voted on the
resolution to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if
there is anything at all in the point taken by the
gentleman from Virginia, he is too late now in
making the point. The Chair has entertained
the motion for the previous question, and a sub-
sequent motion to lay on the table, on which the
yeas and nays were called. The point is too late
now, after the House has proceeded to its consid-
eration.
Mr. LETCHER. The point I make is this:
The proposition to print this book is now to come
up, and I want to know whether it is too late to
save the money r
The SPEAKER. The House has been con-
sidering the report; but beyond that the Chair is
of opinion that the rule has no application to a
report from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LETCHER. Why not?
Mr. NICHOLS. The law allows that com-
mittee to report at any time.
Mr. MILES. We expend hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars in collecting the information con-
tained in this work; and I hope it is not too late
to save money by putting that information on
record for the good of commerce, and for the good
of the country.
Mr. LETCHER. Particularly as the interests
of employes require that it should be kept up.
The SPEAKER. The original proposition
was the memorial presented under the rules and
reported back by the committee. There have
been many precedents established in the House
that the right of the Committee on Printing to re-
port at any time carries with it the right to have
their report thus disposed of; and the gentleman
from Virginia will not be able to call the attention
of the Chair to a single instance in which that
practice has been departed from. The rule evi-
dently contemplated a proposition coming from
an individual member. The law which was passed
in 1852—many years after this rule was originally
adopted—provides that all motions to print extra
copies of any bill, report, or other document, shall
be referred to the members of the Committee on
Printing of the House, in which the#same shall
be made. When this rule was adopted, there was
no such regulation as that, and its object was to
protect the House against hurried action upon
propositions which had not been indorsed by the
action of any committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I should like to hear
this memorial read, to see whether there is an
application in it to print extra copies of this report,
and when and how it was referred to the commit-
tee, and by whom.
The SPEAKER. The memorial was presented
by Mr. Trippe, of Georgia, and is from under-
writers, ship-masters, ship-owners, and others
interested in navigation, representing that the
reports of the Coast Survey are valuable as dif-
fusing correct and useful nautical knowledge, and
asking that their publication may be continued.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not understand that to
be a proposition to print extra copies.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is debate in
order, the previous question having been called?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBUR.N, of Maine, called for tellers
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Lovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88, noes 32.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, (at seven min-
utes to eleven o'clock, p. m.,) moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 46? as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett,
Billinghurst, Bmgham, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Bunonghs, Chaffee, Horace F. Clark, Claik B. Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Coining, Covode, Cragin, James Craig, Da-
vidson. Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean. Dodd, Durfee, Ddic, Eustis, Fenton,
Florence, Foster, Gilhs, Gooch, Goodwin, Gioesheck,
Grow, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoi ton, How-
ard, Huyler, Keitt, Kellogg, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Maclay, Humphrev Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maynaid, Miles, Millson, Moore, Morgan,
Moiiill, Freeman H. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Ohn, Parker,
Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Roycp, Russell, Judson W. Sherman, Sickles,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Miles Taylor, Tompkins,
Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Walton, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, White, Winslow, Wood, and
Wortendyke—96.
NAYS—Mes&rs. Atkins, Avery, Blair, Bonham, Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, Burns, Ca<-kie, Cnvanaugh, Chapman,
Ezra Clark. John B. Clark, Clemens. Cobb, Colfax, Burton
Craige, Curtis, Davis of Mississippi, Faulkner, Foley, Gar-
nett, Gartrell, Gieyu, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, John C. Kunkel, Letcher. Mason, Nib-
lack, Pendleton, John S. Phelps William W. Phelps.
Powell, Reilly, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Henry M.
Shaw, William Smith, Trippe, and John V. Wright—16.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that Mr.
Quitman was absent in consequence of indispo-
sition.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truiy enrolled an act to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
