1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3038
tribes for the year ending June 30,1858; when
the Speaker signed the same.
PRINTING OF TARIFF, ETC., REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have another report which
J fim instructed to make by the Committee on
Printing, and i desire only to say that the matter
was referred to us by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] in whose judgment i have
great confidence. i hope, therefore, there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I have no
doubt it is right.
The report was read as follows:
Thf Joint Committee on Printing, on the part of the IIou?e
of Representatives, ro whom was referred the resolution of
George YV. Jovrs, to inquire into the expediency of print-
ing five thousand extra copies of the report of the select
committee on the reduction of the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, the navigation laws, the existing duties on im-
ports. &c., submit the following resolution :
Resolved. That there be printed, for the use of the mem- !
hers of the House ot Representatives, five thousand extra :
copies of the report of the select committee on the reduc-
tion of the expenditures of the Government, the navigation
laws, and the existing duties on imports, &c.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object. [Laughter.]
Mr. NICHOLS. I will only say that the print-
ing of the five thousand copies will cost $150.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Since they are so
cheap, I should like to have a few more of them.
Mr. CLEMENS. How did this resolution get
before the House? Has the Chair entertained it? ,
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The previous question wag seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the resolution, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask leave of the House to
file a written protest.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the gentleman have
leave to file a written protest generally. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I accept the gentleman's
modification. I would like to spread upon the
Journal my reasons in detail against the preced-
ing resolution.
vrhe SPEAKER. Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Virginia?
Several Members objected.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 102,
noes 26.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by wluch the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANK REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to submit another report on a
subject referred to them on motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia. [Mr. Letcher.] The cost
of printing will be $250.
The resolution reported by the committee was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Treas-
ury Department, two thousand extra copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the stare of the batiks of
the i'mon,
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I am in favor of
that.
Mr. NICHOLS. It is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury. 1 call for the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
adopting the resolution; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ilia;, submitted the following report:
The Joint Committee nn Prinlitnron the part of the House,
to whom it was referred I" inqniie into tllf expediency ol
PH'iuno ten thousand copies ot the repoit on the condition
ot Hie Smithsonian institution, lepoit Hie tollowing :
Jtesolval, That there be printed of mid repott seven t.inu-
c'viul come" for tlie use ot tile members ot the House ot ltep-
iescntatives and tuo thousand t'oi the useoS'tlie Institution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How much will
that cost?
Mr. NICHOLS. The cost will be £3,500, ac-
cording to an estimate made by myself, it is a
large reduction on the number heretofore ordered.
I call, for the previous question.
Mr. BURN ETT. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion pending the call for the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided on ordering the yeas and
nays; and there xvere—ayes 25, noes 109.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are not
ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I want tellers on the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the call
comes too late. The Chair stated the vote, and
paused some time before he announced the result.
Mr. BURNETT. The Speaker stooped over
a moment, and as'soon as he rose to an erect po-
sition, I rose and called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays, and the result was announced.
The SPEAKER. Did not the gentleman hear
the announcement before he addressed the Chair?
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir. I heard the an-
nouncement. 109 and 25.
The SPEAKER. The application comes too
late.
The question xvas then taken upon the motion
to lay the resolution upon the table; and it was
not agreed to—ayes 30, noes 97.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adratn, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Billing-
Iiurst, Bingham, Bliss, iirayton, Butfinton, Burlingame,
Burns, Burroughs, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaflcc, Chapman,
Rzra Clark, dawson, Claik B. Cochiane, Cockerill, Cot-
fax, Comms, Corning. Covodc. Cragm.Cuitis, Davis ofMas-
sachusetts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dimmick. Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Fenton, Foster, Gillis, Gilman, Gilmer,
Goocll, Goodwill, Groesbeck, Grow. Hatch, Horton, Owen
Jones, Keitt, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Lovejny,
Humphrey Marshall, Maynard. Mooie, Morgan, Mornll,
Edward Jov Morris. Freeman II. Morse, Molt, Nichols,
Ohn. Paike'r, John S. Phelps. William W Plielfs, Phillips,
Pottle. Purviance. Reagan, liicaud, Kitclne, Kobbms, Uob-
eits. Judson W. Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith. Stanton, Tappan, Underwood, Walbndge, Walton,
Ellihu B. Wasllburne, Israel Washburn, and Wood—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Barksrtale, Bennett, Blair, Bon-
hairi, Branch. Burnett, Caskie, Clemens, Cnhh, John
Cochrane, James Craig. Curry, Davis ot Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi. Dowdell, Eustis, Faulkner, Gainett. Gregg,
Hopkins, Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins. George W.
Jones. Jaeoh M. Kunkel. Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, McKib-
bm, Miles. Niblack. Pevton. Totter, Powell, Royce. i:tiffin,
Russell, Sandulse. Savage,'Scales, Ilenry M. Sliaw, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, Stevenson. Miles Taylor, Tompkins,
Trippe, Wmslow, and John V. Wright—50.
So the resolution xvas agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KEITT said: I do not often ask favors
of the House, and I do not mean to ask another.
While they are calling the yeas and nays, I ask,
as a side measure, that the House put a little bill
through for me. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. That is a new idea.
Mr. EDMUNDSON stated that he had paired
I, off with Mr. Hill.
|| Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
j' last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
!; reconsider on the table.
i| The latter motion was agreed to.
j: Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
' House do now adjourn.
j! STEPHEN II. ROWAN.
'! Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
' tleman to withdraw that motion,and allow me to
'! call up a Senate resolution for correcting an error
in a bill which has passed both Houses, and
xvhich correction is absolutely necessary to give
effect to the bill as it was passed.
i| Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I withdraw my
" motion for that purpose. .
' No objection being made, Senate resolution
(No. 40) to correct an error in an act for the^re-
1 lief (if Stephen R. Rowan, approved June 1,1858,
was taken up. ,
1 Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I will simply
1 state that the act, as passed, recites the judgment
against which the bill provides &lief, as passed
at the June term of the court for the southern
district of Illinois, in 1856. it should have been
1857. This resolution makes that correction.
The resolution received its several readings,
and was passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
Mr. HORTON. I a3k unanimous consent to
report a Senate bill from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads,for the purpose of put-
ting it on its passage. It is for the relief of Sher-
lock & Shirley.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
report a bill too. I have a case which is awful.
[Laughter.]
LOAN BILL.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the first
amendment of the House, and disagreed to the
second amendment of the House, to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 582) to authorize a loan not exceeding the
I sum of $15,000,000, and have amended the title
I of the said bill so as to read, " An act to author-
! ize a loan not exceeding the sum of $20,000,000;''
in xvhich amendment of the title he was directed
ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up the Senate
amendments to the loan bill which have just been
sent to us.
No objection was made, and the amendments
were taken up.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Senate have
concurred in our amendments xvith one excep-
tion. They have stricken out " six" and inserted
" five," so as to make the maximum of interest
five per cent. I hope the House will concur m
that, and also agree to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the title of the bill. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote last taken; and also moved to lay the
i motion to reconsider on the table.
j The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
| Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 466) making appropriations for the expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs; when the
Speaker signed the same.
[Much disorder and confusion prevailed in the
House.]
Mr. LETCHER. As it is impossible to have
order, 1 move that the House do now (five min-
utes before twelve o'clock, p. m.) adjourn.
The motion xvas not agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. Is it in order to move that these
gentlemen who make motions to adjourn shall not
make any other motion ? [Laughter.]
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY AGAIN.
Mr. HORTON. I now renexv my request for
leave to report, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, the bill of the Senate for
the relief of Sherlock & Shirley.
Mr. SAVAGE. I would inquire whether this
bill has not been already, this session, voted on?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No vote has
been taken on it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HORTON. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to enable the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to report back this bill.
The rules xvere suspended; there being, on a
division—ayes 107, noes 24; and the bill was re-
ported back.
Mr. HORTON moved the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question xvas seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read a third time.
Mr. HORTON moved the previous question
on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the hill xvas passed.
