1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
02f
become organized under their territorial act, and
it is in the hands of the free-State men.
What takes place next? Immediately on that
appearing-, and appearing; very clearly and dis-
tinctly, a part of the delegates to the convention,
a bare majority of the whole number that were
elected, assembled. All looked upon it that that
election had settled the status of Kansas; but these
men, in a spirit of desperation, apparently come
together, a bare majority, enough to make aquo-
rum, and their handiwork is before us. What
was necessary to be done? To make a constitu-
tion, and to have it a State constitution. They
must not submit it to the people, because the peo-
ple would vote against it. So says the President.
Now, who authorizes the President, or the Sen-
ate, or anybody, in the formation of a constitu-
tion, to say that the majority are factious, and
therefore tiie minority shall govern; that the ma-
jority are rebellious, and therefore the minority
shall govern? It is a violation of the very first
principle of popular government. Nobody can
be authorized to say that. These delegates formed
this constitution but they would not submit it to
the people. We all know why. It is vain and
idle for a man to undertake, by special pleading,
to blink the question at all. We all know why.
Every man open to conviction at all, in the ex-
ercise of any moral sense and common discern-
ment, knows the reason perfectly well, and the
President does not attempt to disguise it.
In order to effect the purposes they had to do
several things. In the first place, they had them-
selves given assurances that it should be submit-
ted. In the next place, the Governor had given
assurances that it should be submitted. Then it
would not do entirely not to submit it. It must
be submitted to the people in some form in order
to redeem these pledges. Again, they must take
care to submit it in such a form as to secure the
effect they wanted any way, and at the same time
keep up the appearance of having submitted it.
Another point was to be effected. It would not
do to submit this constitution in such a way that
the legal officers of the Territory should have any-
thing to do with the election. If the legal officers
for superintending the elections, the territorial
judges of election, were allowed to superintend
the election on the constitution, it was known they
would reject unlawful votes. They have just been
appointed by the people who elected the Legisla-
ture in October; they were free-State people.
They would not allow cheating and false returns,
and therefore they could not be the instruments
of these men; they must avoid using them.
It was also obvious that the Governor would not
allow his office to be used to bolster up false returns.
The old game was blocked; and they must have
a new pack; the old one was known by the backs
of the cards; the game could not be played any
longer. Governor Walker would not allow cheat-
ing. They had tried it in the October election,
and he would notlet it succeed. Now, they must
avoid him; there must not be any return made to
him any way.
Another thing was to be done. The Legisla-
ture elected in October were to meet in January,
they might meet earlier, and they might possibly
pass a set of laws so that if the convention per-
mitted the laws in operation at the time of the
admission of the State under the constitution to
be operative, these men might not be able to suc-
ceed in any of their purposes.
To avoid all this, they went on to provide that
the constitution, as they said, should be submit-
ted to the people for their adoption or rejection,
in the manner following to wit: each man was to
vote "the constitution with slavery," or u the
constitution without slavery;" and if a majority
voted for it with slavery, it should all be adopted
as it was; if a majority voted for it without sla-
very, then the clause which provided for the
perpetuation of the existing slavery in the Ter-
ritory should be continued, but no more slaves
should be introduced. What is the English of all
this? " Nobody is to be permitted to vote to re-
ject this constitution. It is not to be submitted
to the people for their ratification or rejection, as
we say, but it is to be submitted for ratification or
rejection in such a manner that it cannot be re-
jected. In the next place, this shall be a slave-
holding State in any eveut4 in either alternative,
on either horn of the dilemma, vote as the people
may," Was that submitting a constitution to
the vote of the people for ratification or rejection ?
Was that submitting even the question of whether
it should be aslaveholdmg State or not? Itcleariy
was neither. It was a cheat and a delusion.
Again,they provided that, instead of having the
elections conducted by the regular judges of elec-
tion, the lawful officers, men should be appointed
by Mr. Calhoun, removable by him, and should
make their returns, not to the Governor, but to
Mr. Calhoun. After the convention adjourned,
had finished its business, and he was thereby out
of office, the votes were to be returned to him—a
man who was not an officer known to the law.
He cannot be impeached for his conduct in this
matter; he is under no legal sanctions whatever.
These instrumentalities are resorted to for the
first time in the history of the country, as far as
I know. I am not aware of any previous example
of the appointment of officers, making returns,
and supervising elections by men not known to
the law, not amenable to law. I know they state,
in the schedule to their constitution, that these
persons should be subject to the same penalties
as legal officers under the laws of the Territory.
It happened that there were no laws of the Terri-
tory on the subject at that time; but if there were,
these men could not be subjected to them, for that
would be an act of legislation, and the convention
had no power of legislation.
It will be observed that these proceedings were
after the last October election. A vote was taken
on the 21st of December, as ordered by the con-
vention in their schedule. They have returned
some six thousand votes as having been cast on
that day; but the gentlemen who inspected them,
and were present on the occasion of the opening
of these votes, tell us there could not be more than
two thousand of them genuine. They knew the
country, knew the people, and state that fact.
Now, sir, what is Congress asked to do ? We
are asked to take a constitution so made, this
child and result of original violence and continued
fraud, and put it upon that people against their
will. When they complain of fraud it is said they
are estopped; and now you propose to cram this
constitution into the mouths, and stuff it down
the throats of the people; you will not permit them
to say anything; they are estopped ! That is what
we are asked to do, and various reasons arp given
for it; but should we do it? Ought we to do it
because we may find the sanctions and forms of
law thrown around this proceeding ? There never
was a usurpation, there never was a tyranny im-
posed on a people which was not under the forms
of law. The forms of law are the last things to
give way; but should we tiy to shrink behind
those forms, and refuse to know the truth?
The first claim on this ground, the first argu-
ment in support of this measure, is that this con-
stitution was made lawfully. That word has va-
rious senses and applications. It may be said
that anything is lawful thatis not directly unlaw-
ful. If a thing is not unlawful, you may say it
is a lawful act. There was nothing unlawful in
the people assembling atTopeka to make a con-
stitution. There was nothing unlawful, I take it,
in the Cincinnati convention. It was a lawful
meeting; that is, it was not unlawful; but that is
not what we are after. The question wc should
be upon, and that alone which should justify the
proceeding is, is it authoritative5 That is the
question. Suppose the convention which assem-
bled there, waiving all other points, was assembled
by a vote of all the people; it was not unlawful;
but was it authoritative ? That entirely depends
on this question: had that convention any such
authority from the source of power in the Terri-
tory, thatis, the Government of the United States,
as enabled them authoritatively to proceed? I in-
sist that they had none at all.
Something is said, and more alluded to, about
the treaty with France; and it is intimated that
as to the country which was within the Louis-
iana purchase, the treaty with Prance gave some
sort of authority for making a State. I should like
to know what it is. I know that treaty provided
that the people then in the ceded Territory, the
French subjects who were there, (for they had no
right to provide for others,) should be protected in
their property. Kansas was an utter wilderness
then, with no people in it. The treaty said further
that they should have the privileges of citizens of
the United States, and be admitted into the Union
at the proper time. That is the substance of the
provision. Did that authorize them toformaState
constitution? There was that whole region of
Louisiana, from the mouth of the Mississippi to
its head, and extending west to the Rocky Mount-
ains, all included in this purchase. Suppose there
had been fifty thousand or one hundred thousand
people in that vast region: would any man say
that people had a right to make it into a State and
that their taking proceedings by a convention for
that purpose would have been authoritative ? It
is not true that either the whole or any part of
that region, whether shaped into a Territory or
not, has any such inherent power, or any such
authority derived from that treaty. I undertake
to say there is not a single word in that clause of
the treaty but would have been equally good law
if it had not been there. It was well enough to
provide in the treaty that the inhabitants of the
ceded country should be protected in their rights
and property. That is said from abundant cau-
tion, but it is in the law of nations even if it were
not in the treaty. No authority was derived from
that.
Then, where did they get authority to make this
constitution ? Have they had any enabling act?
Not at all. Did they need aiy under that treaty ?
The people of Louisiana haefftne; the people of
Missouri had one; the people of Iowa had one.
They were all within the limits of the country ac-
quired by that treaty. If Kansas did not need
any enabling acts, over what part of the ceded
country did that requirement extend ? Did it take
in much or little ? I supposed all portions had the
same right. There is nothing in that treaty which
tends at all to intimate that there was any such
power given to that people, nor has the conduct
of the Government shown any cotemporaneous
construction like that, but it is directly the other
way.
There is a very great importance in knowing
whether a thing is done authoritatively or not.
When any election is holden, or any proceeding
taken by authority of law, it is totally imma-
terial how many people vote or how many stay
at home. When the law is passed by competent
authority, the vote thus given is conclusive; it is
not permitted to be rebutted; no fact can be ad-
mitted against it; all the world is informed " there
is the law; go and vote under that law, because
you are to be bound by it at any rate; if you do
not like what is to take place, go and by your
vote prevent it if you can." If an election is
held in any district, in any city, in any State, or
in the Union, by authority, the vote passed under
that authority is conclusive. I insist, however,
that the Territory of Kansas never had any au-
thority for proceeding to form a State constitu-
tion. Congress has never passed any enabling
act for Kansas. I know that the President seems
disposed now to say (and some gentlemen here
seem disposed to affirm) that there is something
to be found in the act organizing the Territory of
Kansas, which amounted to an enabling act. I
should like to have the words pointed out some-
where. Is an enabling act to be found in those
very important words which declared that the
people of the Territory should be left perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way ? Is that it? If that is it,
they might have formed a State constitution as
soon as they got twenty men there. Kansas has
not sufficient population for one Representative in
Congress now; nor is it put on any ground of that
kind; but it is said the act organizing the Terri-
tory is itself an enabling act. If so, it was an
enabling act the next day after a man went there.
Congress, however, never understood it as an
enabling act; and the President, who signed it,
never understood it so. When these difficulties
arose, President Pierce recommended to Congress
to pass an enabling act for the Territory of Kan-
sas, to be put into operation whenever it should
have the proper number of inhabitants. An
attempt to pass an enabling act succeeded in this
body during the last Congress. If Kansas already
had such an act, why was that attempt made;
why was that bill passed by this body? Most
clearly it is left to this late day to discover, and
that, too, without saying where you can find it,
that the territorial act is an enabling act. 1 do
not know but that it maybe referred to some other
words in the act, those which declare that the
Legislature shall have power to legislate on all
rightful subjects of legislation; but those woids are
