WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
ors in'the several States. I listened, yesterday,
with some attention, to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] as i always
listen with great .pleasure to anything that falls
from his lips; and I have listened with attention
to-day to the remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,] construing the preamble and
second section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion; and while I do not propose to go into the
subject at great length, and perhaps will not oc-
cupy as much time as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] who preceded me, yet
I will give what 1 understand to be the constitu-
tional, the State-rights, and the Democratic rule
on this question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
with the permission of the gentleman from Ohio,
I will suggest, as a good many gentlemen have
engagements to-night, and it seems to be evident
that we cannot get a vote to-night, that we agree
by unanimous consent that this bill shall be taken
up at twelve o'clock m. on Saturday next, and
that the vote be taken at one o'clock.
Mr. COMTNS. I ask that it be postponed until
Tuesday next.
Mr. REILLY. If it goes over beyond Satur-
day I shall object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I made my
proposition at the suggestion of gentlemen on the
other side of the House.
Mr. COMINS withdrew his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Choir hears no objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Georgia,
and it is ordered accordingly.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
will yield to me I will move that the House ad-
journ.
Air. BLISS. I prefer to go on now.
Mr. Speaker, before giving my views on this
question, I wish to say distinctly, in order to
avoid aU misconstruction, that were I a citizen of
Minnesota, or any other Territory about to adopt
a State constitution, I should*favor the adoption,
in relation to electors, of precisely the provision
which we have in the State of Ohio, namely:
making electors of none but citizens of tho United
States. That is the law in Ohio, and it is a law
which has been acquiesced in hymen of all parties.
J never knew an elector, whether of native oi
foreign birth, who desired any chnngc m thai law.
I desire no change in it, p.r>d 1 do not place my
support of tho constitution of Minnesota on the
ground of approval of that provision, but I ac-
knowledge the power of the people to adopt this
provision, if they nee fit.
The gentlemen, if I understand them,claim that
this provision in tin constitution of Minnesota is
contrary to the Constitution of the United States,
a .id, therefore, that the constitutor) itself should
be rejected. Well, I acknowledge the right of the
Congress of the United States to pass iipon con-
stitutions submitted to us, and to accept or to re-
ject a State in accordance with their opirnon of
that constitution. If anv Terntory of the Union
shall form a constitution whi^h "violates the fun-
damental r'ghts of man, nrwhrh renders them
unfit or unsafe associates for the other States of
the Union, or if they adopt a constitution which
violatesany of the essential provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States, I would say to her,
when she knocks for admission, " no, we cannot
make a constitution for you; we wdl not impose
a constitution upon you against your v;ili, and in
opposition to your wishes; hut we wd! keep you
out of ihn Union until vou form such a constitu-
tion as shall justify us in admitting you into it." ■
The power to impose conditions upon Stales
asking for admission ha? been expressly reco*-;
during thn session of Congress in the case .
<■>! Kansas. AU sides recognize the power, and
n>\ unh'sslcxceptthe gentleman from Maryland, !
[ \Ir. Davis,] who has disclaimed the power, are ;
ready to exercise it whenevera proper ease arhes. '
x he power to admit implies the power to reject,
or to say on what terms we will admit.
Then, the question directly arises at this point, ,
wnether this provision in the Minnesota consti- i
tution is in violation of the Constitution of the ,
United States?? And I believe that turns entirely, '
in the estimation of both ihe gentlemen to whom
I have referred, upon the construction of the term
ii people of th" United States." It is claimed by :
the gentleman fr.nv. Vir^iua, and by the gentle- I
man from Murj laud, th Jt the ;t-rm t; people of the *
United States," in the preamble of the Consti-
tution, and in section two of the first article, is
synonymous with the term " citizenof the United
States," and that they mean one and the same
thing. Ibeheveboth of those gentlemen.cited the
opinion of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott
decision. Chief Justice Taney says expressly that
they are synonymous. But I do not regard that,
by any means, as the decision- of the Supreme
Court of the United States, for I do not under-
stand how that question ever came before them.
That case, as we all know—at least as all lawyers
know—is filled up with opinions and dicta, and
with political speculations upon various questions
before the country, which it was unnecessary to
give. Their motives 1 do not undertake to inquire
into; but no more weight is due to those opinions
and dicta than if those who gave them were at the
bar of the Supreme Court, instead of being upon
the bench. The opinion upon this point is as con-
tradictory as it was uncalled for. It says, on page
404:
" The word? f people of the United States' and 1 citizens'
are synonymous terms, and mean the same thing.55
And on the very next page I find it declaring:
It does not by any mean*? follow, because he has all the
lights and privileges of a citizen of a Slate, that he must be
a citizen of the United States." * * * "Nor
have the several States surrendered the power of conferring
these nghts and puvileges by adopting the Constitution of
the United Status. Each State may still confer them upon
an alien, or any one it thinks proper."
Thereby plainly contradicting their own position;
for I admit that, if the House of Representatives
are to be chosen alone by the citizens of the sev-
eral States, " the electors in each State" must be
citizens.
But I do not rely upon the opinions of the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States
for my construction of the Federal Constitution.
And I may say further, as we hear day after day
the opin'ons of the Supreme Court quoted in the
Congress of the United States, and are called upon
from day to day to conform our opinions upon
political questions to theirs, that I do not regard
them as authority on any political question. I
claim that as I have taken the same oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States that
they have taken, in all cases within my official
duty I am bound to interpret the Constitution as
I understand it. I will respect, I will give great
weight to, the opinions of the higher courts of
any State, and especially of the United States; and,
so far as my judgment and my obligation to my
oath will permit me, I will respect and conform to
their opinions; but when I reflect that theSupreme
Court, or its judges upon the circuit, sanctioned the
alien and edition laws, that it sustained the con-
stitutionality of the United States Bank, and that
it has sanctioned every other usurpation of power
by the Federal Government, I must be false to all
my convictions if I yield those opinions to the
convictions of men who have no more right to
construe the Constitution for me as a legislator
than I have for them as judges.
" We, the people of the United States," is the
language of the preamble. Now, what does it
mean ? Does it mean citizens of the United States
alone ? If so, why was not the term 14 citizens"
used? When a specific class is intended, lan-
guage should be used that applies to that class
alone, and in this the Constitution is always clear
and specific. But here a term is used that docs
not apply to individuals; that describes no per-
son, or class of persons, but is altogether general
and collective in its character.
B it, to come to a correct conclusion as to the
meaning of the term, we must look at the circum-
stance s under winch the Constitution was adopted.
In looking at them I find that in the Constitution
of the United States a new principle was inaugu-
rated; and that was the principle of popular in-
stead of State sovereignty. The old Articles of
Conicueration were adopted by the States, and
unless a rvw id \i was to be incorporated into the
Constitution of tinj 'United States, the language
would probably hare been, " we, the Unned
States," or, " we, tue scleral States composing
the United States," do otdain so and so, or the '
introduction or preamble of the Articles of Own- '
federation would have been retained. But, us it
was designed to make a Government as well as
Federation; as dheet relations were to be insti-
tuted between that Government and the people, '
and as it was to be the creature of the pcopie of the ■
United States, instead of the States in their corpo-
rate or sovereign capacity, the term " people" was,
with great propriety, used. The use or meaning
of words is often known, or made more clear,
by their opposites. Citizen is opposed to alien.
" The people," in a political sense, is opposed io
th*  Legislature or the Government. Thus, a con-
stitution may not be adopted by the Legislature;
but must be by the people, either in convention
assembled, or by popular vote; and as the new
Federal Constitution was not to be alone a league;
but also, for certain purposes, a Government, it
was fit that it should emanate from the people of
the States and not from the State governments,
and for that the term was used. The term " peo-
ple" has a legal meaning, and is contradistin-
guished from the term " State," or " Legislature
of a State," as clearly appears in section two, ar-
ticle first, of the Constitution, which says that
" the House of Representatives shall be composed
of Representatives chosen every second year by
the people of the several States."
Now, it must be borne in mind that in the de-
bates in the convention, there was no question
which agitated it more than whether the Con-
gress of the United States should represent the
States in their sovereign capacity, and the mem-
bers of Congress be appointed by the Legislatures
of the States, or whether they should represent
the people of the several States, and be elected by
the people. And upon thatquesiion there was a
compromise, which ended the controversy. It
was determined that the Lower House, as some
termed it, should be chosen by the people of the
several States, while the Senate should be chosen
by the Legislatures of the several States. Henco
the term 44 people" is simply opposed to the " Le-
gislature," or to tho State m its sovereign capa-
city. It has no other legal meaning, and no other
specific meaning. The term " oiuzon" refeis to
the individuals. That has a specific and clear
meaning. The term " inhabitant" is also specific,
and refers to individuals, but 4,tbe people" ap-
plies not to individuals; it describes no particular
class, but is a collective term, and is applied to the
mass of inhabitants in their collective capacity,
as opposed to the sovereignty or State itself, or
Legislature of the State. And I believe that this
is the construction that has been uniformly given
to it.
I have never yet known an attempt on the part
of the Federal Government, since the formation of
the Constitution, to dictate to any State whom it
shall admit to the privilege of electors. Now, if
the term {t people of the several States" means
the same thing as " citizens of the several States,"
I admit that the gentleman5s inference is legiti-
mate; but, holding that the term has no such def-
inite meaning; that it has no relation to individ-
uals, but is simply used as opposed to the State
itself, or to the Legislature of the State, then, of
course, this argument falls to the ground.
If this argument be fallacious; if this phrase
does not confine the privilege of electors to citizens
of the United States, where is there in the Con-
stitution any grant of power whatever to Congress
to determine who shall be electors? I take this
to be sound Democratic as well as constitutional
doctrine, that wherever a power is not gianted to
the Federal Government, it is reserved to the
States or the people thereof, and I find m that in-
strument no phrase or clause which, by imohca-
| cation even, can give to Congress the power to
I decide who shall be electors. The whole argu-
ment of the gentleman goes on the assumption that
the power to decide the manner in which aliens
shall become citizens, gives the power to decide
i tiie terms upon which they shall be electors.
I Mr. SMITii, of Virginia. I say that none but
I citizens of the United State*? can participate m this
Government; but I say it devolves on the several
States to declare who of h<r citizens shall exercise
the ii^ht of suffrage; and that there is no poweror
authority which can interfere with that. But what
I maintain i^, that they must be citizens.
Mr. BLISS. I get the gentleman *s idea; and
it is precisely the idea to which I intended to ie-
fer. I want to know how the gentleman knows
that no person but a citizen of the United Staus
can participate in the Government of the United
States? Who is to decide that question? The
Constitution ^orlainW does not decide it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia I tried my best to
show thn ground on which 1 stand. I sav that,
