S08&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. HORT^N" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
iuy the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' MEMBER EXCUSED FROM ATTENDANCE.
Mi'- CLEMENS, (five minutes past twelve
.o'clock,^, m.) 1 most respectfully ask a personal
fayorfrom the House. 1 beg; leave to request the
consent of the House to absent myself from its
session from now till the hour of meeting on Mon-
day morning.
Mr. KE1TT. You may leave it, provided you
keep to prayer and watchfulness. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. CLEMENS left the Hall amid shouts of
" Object," and great laughter.
JAMES H. GLANDING.
Mr. AHL. I move to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole House fiorn the further consid-
eration of Senate bill (No. 992) for the relief of
James H. Glanding, and that it may be consid-
ered at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE. If I can get the floor I will
move that the House do now adjourn. It is not
right to sit here on the Sabbath morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there any way in
the world of getting at the Calendar, so that every-
body here may take his chance ? I am willing to
go on with the Calendar and take my chance.
Mr. BA.RKSDALE. H is now past twelve
o'clock, and is the Sabbath day. I believe this
House ought to adjourn. The Christian senti-
ment and good taste of the country is averse to
legislation on the Sabbath day.
Mr. KE1TT. 1 object to discussion.
The SPEAKER. Neither the gentleman from
Mississippi nor the gentleman from South Caro-
lina is in order.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled joint resolution (II. R. No.
37) m regard to the carrying the United States
mails from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Placerville,
California; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. BARKSDALE. "Would it be in order to
make an inquiry of the Chair?
Mr. KEITT. I object to any inquiry.
Mr. AHL. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to move that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill (No. 292) for the relief
of James H. Glanding
Mr. STANTON, i learn that the Senate have
adjourned; and I move that when this House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock un Mon-
day.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SICKLES (at
twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes, a. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday5 June 14, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. S. D. Finckcl.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, Us Clerk, announced that the
House had reeded from its second amendment
to the amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House (H. ft. 582) to authorize a loan not ex-
ceeding the sum of §15,000,000, and agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bill and resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 287) for the xeuef of Sherlock &
Shirley; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) to correct an
error in the "Act for the relief of Stephen R. Row-
an," approved June 1, 1858.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following resolution, m which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the tune for the
adjournment of the present session of Congress shall he,
i?, extended from twelve o'clock, m., to half past two
o'clock, p. in., tliH day.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the resolution be
taken up at once.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out " half past two o'clock, p. m.,
this day," and inserting " twelve o'clock, m., to-
morrow."
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not prevail,
for I believe the House will not consent to it, and
we shall lose time by the interchange of mes-
sages. At twelve o'clock we shall have to adjourn
unless we do something. It is better to settle it
at once.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
six, noes not counted.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
CREDENTIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. John P. Hale, elected a Senator
by the Legislature of New Hampshire for the
term of six years from the 4th day of March,
1859; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
;j A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed an enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 582) entitled "An act to author-
ize a loan not exceeding the sum of $20,000,000;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a report from the Indian ofike in reply to
the resolution of the Senate of June 2, in relation
to the claim of the St.. Regis Indians to land in
Kansas; which was ordered to lie 011 the table,
and be printed.
PETITION.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Richard
Imlay, praying an extension of his patent for an
improvement in the mode of supporting the bodies
of railroad cars and carnages; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
^REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom'was referred the report of the
Secretary of War transmitting information in re-
lation to the North Carolina arsenal, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, the sub-
ject having been acted upon in the Army appro-
priation bill; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Senate relative to
the adoption of Captain Waid's improvement in
fire-arms, asked to be discharged from its consid-
eration for the same reason; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate relative
to the condition of Forts Jefferson and Taylor,
asked to be discharged from its consideration;
winch was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate relative
to the construction of a wagon road from Fort
Benton to the Columbia river, at or near Fort
Walla-Walla, asked to be discharged from its
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate relative
to the adoption of the priming apparatus invented
by Jesse S. Butterfiefd, of Philadelphia, asked to
be discharged from its consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate relative
to the construction of a wagon road from Fort
Smith, Arkansas, to Albuquerque, in New ?vtex-
ico, and from Fulton, in Arkansas, to El Paso,
in New Mexico, asked to be discharged from its
furtherconsideration, the subject having been pro-
vided for in the Army appropriation bill; winch
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 14)
authorizing the appointment of commissioners to
examine into the difficulties in the Territory of
Utah with a view to their settlement, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Afi*iirs, reported a bill (S. No. 458) for tne
relief of John Rogers; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to appeal to the
Senate to consider this hill now. It is a small
amount ascertained to be due, which was reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs as an amend-
ment to one of the Indian appropriation bills, but
ruled out by the Chair as being a private claim.
As there can be no objection to it, I ask that it be
considered now.
Mr. STUART. It is hardly worth while to
pass a Senate bill now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the hill cannot now be considered.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S
No, 372) to settle the titles to certain lands be-
longing to the half-breed Kansas Indians, inKan-
sas Territory, asked to be discharged from its
present consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
302) to continue the office of register of the land
office at Vmcennes, Indiana, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claim? be discharged
from the further consideration of all the adverse reports of
the Couit of Claims which have been referred to that com-
mittee.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred House bill (No.
530) making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that bill will not be
taken up now.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to take it up
now; and I will take this occasion to say that I
do not approve the bill; and if it is taken up, I
shall assign the reasons for my opposition to k.
Mr. T'OOMBS. There are substantial reasons
why that bill should not pass in its presentform,
and I did not know that the committee had agreed
to report it.
AFRICAN SETTLEMENTS IN AMERICA.
,\ Mr. DOOIJTTLE submitted the following
Jj resolution, which lies over under the rule:
i| Whereas, the numerous disabilities fo which free persons
1 j of color of Afi ican descent ate subjected in many of the free
!| States have made it deniable, on the part of huge numbers
of them, to s«ek elsewhere a more favoiable Seld for their
labor and entemri&e; and whereas the same class of persons
is regarded with still greater disfavor in the slaveholdmg
State* from considerations deemed so controlling that fur-
flier emancipation 111 many of them has been prohibited by
law unless the persons emancipated shall be at the same
time removed beyond'the jurisdiction of the State, and in
some of them the graver question is seriously entertained
whether person* of African descent who are now free shall
not be again reduced to slavery if they continue to remain
within their jurisdictions; and whereas, m Yucatan and
Central and South America there are va=st legions almost
uninhabited of the mo^t beautiful and productive countries
in the world, in a climate well adapted to the constitution
of the Afucan race to develop its gieatest power and high-
est activity : Therefote,
Rewired, That the Committee on Foreign Relations in-
quire into the expediency of acquiring by treaty in Yucatan,
Central or South America, the rights arid privileges of set-
tlement and of citizenship for the benefit of such persons of
color, of African descent, as may voluntarily desire to emi-
gi.UKfrom the United States, aiid lorm themselves into a
colony or colonies, under the laws of the State or States to
which they emigrate ; the United States, in consideiationof
j' the commercial advantages or free trade with such colony
i' or colonies, making end seeming the necessary and propei
jj engagements to maintain them in the enjoyment of the
:, rights and privileges acquired by such treaty or treaties.
■ ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
■I A message from the House of Representatives
[ by Mr. Allent, its Clerk, announced that the
i Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 287)
' for the relief of Sherlock & Shirley; and an en-
; rolled joint resolution (S. No..49) to correct an
j error in the act for the reliefof Stephen R. Rowan,
j approved June 1, lS58;and they were signed by
1 the Vicc President.
