1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m§
stitution for it? No. How came this to be there,
if a slave is property? If it is the same as other
property, why have any provision about it?
Again, you will observe that this provision re-
lates only to those who may escape. The horse
escapes and runs away into another State, and
the owner can pursue him there. Can he pursue
him any better there because he escaped, than if
he rode him there? If the owner rode the horse
from Delaware into Pennsylvania, he could still,
I take it, go home on him. He would not need
any provision of the Constitution for that. But
here they seemed to find it necessary to make pro-
vision that the slave should go home with the
master, if he escaped. They provided only for
those who escaped; and therefore, if a man takes
his slave over voluntarily, this provision of the
Constitution is that he cannot take him back, be-
cause it only covers those that escape. Then it
is not like other property. It not only does not
put it on the ground of other property, but it ab-
solutely abnegates the idea of its being like other
property. Other property he could bring away,
whether it ran off or was carried off. With slaves
it is different. Then it is not like other property.
That recognition does not put it oil the ground
of other property.
In the next place, what do you mean by guar-
antying property to be the same as others? How
is others ? I take it that guarantying rights over
property means, to enable the owner to take it and
use it, and sell it to others to use anywhere and
everywhere. But, even in relation to escaped
slaves, does this provision of the constitution en-
able the owner of those slaves to go where they
have escaped, to a free State, and there take them
and keep them, and hold them, and sell them?
No such thing. It only authorizes him to take
them home, into and under that law where he is
entitled to their service. Property he can take,
keep, hold, sell, and use,anywhere. The Consti-
tution, I repeat, only enables him, as to escaped
slaves, to take them home—not to sell them and
use them in the free State where he finds them.
It seems to me, on this slight view of the sub-
ject, the strangest thing in the world thatanybody
can say that this provision of the Constitution
(and it is the only provision under which the claim
is made) actually guaranties this property abso-
lutely, makes it the same as property generally,
puts it on the same footing, and guaranties own-
ership over it in the same degree. Obviously,
clearly, and plainly, it does not; but what is it?
Nothing more nor less than a recognition of the
idea that one man may have interest in another
man's labor under the law of a State, and that if
the man owing the service escapes from that State,
the person to whom he owes the service may take
him back, there to be entitled to receive the ad-
vantage of that right. In short, it recognizes
slavery, if property at all, to be property local
within the State whose laws made it such, not an
inch beyond it; and all it does is to enable a man
from whom a person owing service has escaped
against his will, to reclaim him. It can be carried
no further than a recognition of slavery in those
States where the laws make it so, to be used there
and taken back if it runs away, but leaving it still
precisely as it stood before. The law that makes
it, makes it such only within the territory where
that law exists. The moment you willingly pass
out of that limit with what you call the property, it
ceases to be property altogether. How, then, can
you take it to a Territory ? This seems to me to
be an end of the assumption that it is made the
same as other property by the guarantees of the
Constitution. It is an assumption without any
sort of foundation.
Mr. MASON. If it would not derange the Sen-
ator's line of argument, while he is on that topic,
1 desire to put an inquiry to him. As I under-
stand the basis on which his present argument
rests, it is the assumption that slavery exists only
as the creation of positive lasv. I hold the very
opposite; and if he has any authority on which to
base his position, I should be gratified to hear it.
I hold, on the contrary, that slavery is a condition
only, the condition of property; that property is
a condition which the slave brought from Africa,
u condition recognized by the common law of
this country, and therefore property ever after-
wards unless abrogated by positive law.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I did sup-
pose, though I did not know exactly whether the
honorable Senator from Virginia was of that- j
school, that it was claimed even on a higher i
ground; that it was not the accidental condition I
of the man in Africa, brought here, but that it
was a Divine right, begun by authority from on
high, and sanctioned by revelation. This has i
been claimed. I do not know that I am competent'
to meet these arguments and these claims of right; |
but when an occasion presents itself, when I have !
time to do so—I have other topics to advert to '
now—I should desire to be heard on that point, i
I merely desire now to say to the Senator, that
if he will turn to the Dred Scott decision he will
find what I have already read, and the court put1
this right on the ground of its local authority.
Chief Justice Taney, in his opinion, says that it S
has been claimed and argued before the court j
that this condition of things is recognized as a ;
part of the law of nations, and he utterly repudi- |
ates that whole idea. If the Senator will look at j
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
Prigg vs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, he
will find that the Supreme Court decided that the
local law of the States where it exists, is the true
foundation of the right to hold slaves; and the
same decision has been made repeatedly in the
State courts, even in the slaveholding States them-
selves; and the Supreme Court of the United
States have repeatedly taken thatground. I shall
not, however, notice this point now, but proceed
with my argument.
In my view, the security, the safety, of the in-
stitution of slavery essentially depends, in all
time, on holding it to be a local institution, the
creature of local law. If the time shall ever come
when this is attempted to be made a national
question, to be passed upon by the people of
America, it must be perfectly obvious to the very
extensive discernment of the slaveholding com-
munity itself what the result must be. In this
country there are less than a third of a million of
slaveholders; there are nineteen millions of free ;
white people. If it ever is to be made a national j
question, so that the nation may pass upon it, no
man can doubt what will be the result. That can
be determiiud by the simplest rules of arithmetic;
it is a mere question of numbers. If it is in-
tended to keep within the pale of the Constitu-
tion, to preserve the unity of the States, to sus-
tain this Government and remain one people
together, there te no way in which thisjnstitution
can by possibility be preserved, but by holding
it at all times to bo entirely a local matter, and
having its origin and existence in local law. This
is the only way it can ever be protected.
It seems to me, with that view of the subject,
that those gentlemen, especially from the south-
ern States, who seem to be trying to precipitate
this issue, to push on this point, to extend this
institution beyond its local limits by the action j
of the General Government, are endeavoring to j
push this question upon the people as a national ]
matter, in which they must participate, and shall
participate. The decision to which I have alluded
is of that kind; all these proceedings are of that
kind. What result does that bring about m my
mind ? These men know what I have said to be
true as well as I do—they know that slavery can-
not be made national in this country, if you keep
it together; and every effort made to precipitate
an issue of that kind is not to abide by that issue,
but it is when sufficient excitement has been made,
when a collision has been produced, that a sepa-
ration shall ensue. I can see nothing else to be
the design; I do not believe in the want of dis-
cernment of those statesmen. They must look
at it as I do.
But that is not all; another step is connected
with it. You desire to make Kansas a slavehold-
ing State—that is, to have the constitution so
formed and adopted. Tou will not submit it to
the people, from a consciousness that the people
are opposed to it. What do gentlemen mean by
such a proceeding ? Suppose you were to have a
constitution providing for and perpetuating sla-
very in Kansas ? You know that the majority ot
that people are against it. Is that any benefit to
the cause of slavery ? Is it desirable to you to ir-
ritate a community by having forced on them such
a state of things against their will ? Are you go-
in"- to getany good from that irritation r Can you
have slavery there by virtue of that constitution.
We all know you cannot. Suppose you have a
slave-State constitution—I care not how strong
and how perpetual" and hoi^ rnda'pab& of change
it may be—do we not know that at the tferjr first
fair election by that people a Legislature will be
chosen who, when they get together, will utterly
refuse to pass any laws for the protection of slave
property ? They will pass no act for punishing a
man who may entice a negro to run away. They
will declare that no master shall administer stripes
and correction to a slave, except by judgment of
a court, and if he d'oes he shall be guilty of assault
and battery, and the negro shall be a witness
against him. What is your slave property worth,
if you do not pass any law for the protection of
it, though the constitution provides for the right
of slavery ? 1 take it that it cannot be unconsti-
tutional to pass such laws. They could not pro-
nounce the failure to pass them unconstitutional.
How, then, will you get along? We see there isf
nothing in it; and when this is pushed as it is, it
mustbeforstime other purpose, some other object.
We are told what the purpose is of pushing
this constitution on that people against the will
of the majority. We are told it from authority.
I do not wish to quote things from mere recol-
lection, but I will read some of the words of the
President himself on that topic. The President
says, in his message:
" It has been solemnly adjudicated by tile highest judicial
tribunal known to our laws, that slavery exists in Kansas
by virtue of the Constitution of the United States, and that
Kansas is therefore at this moment as much a slave State
as Georgia or South Carolina.
" Slavery can, therefore, never be prohibited in Kansas
except by means of a constitutional provision, and in no
other manner can this be done so promptly, if a majority
of the people desire it, as by admitting it into the Union
under the present constitution.
"The people will then be sovereign, and can regulate
their own affairs in their own way. If a majority of them
desire to abolish domestic slavery within the State, there
is no other possible mode by which tins can be effected so
speedily as by prompt admission, and the legislature already
elected may*, at its very first session, submit the question
to the vote of the people, whether they will or will not have
a convention to amend their constitution."
T would not intimate that, from so high author-
ity as this, there was really intended to be any
practical duplicity about that; I do not believe it;
I do not intimate it; but 1 would ask southern gen-
tlemen do they mean to admit Kansas, under this
constitution, for that purpose—for the purpose of
making it a free State in the most speedy manner ?
If they do not, if that is not what they mean to
do, I think common candor would require them
to disclaim it. Certain it is, that these remarks
could never be expected to extend to those gen-
tlemen. Who are these remarks intended for,
then ? As the common saying is, they are for the
marines; they are to afford an opportunity, an
excuse for men who professedly represent a free-
State people to vote for it, and to get themselves
intentionally deluded, as the man said he expected
to be disappointed. [Laughter.]
There is some other purpose for this. No ob-
ject of that kind is seriously intended, for amongst
other things you will observe, that if Kansas be
admitted with the Lecompton constitution, we
have to adopt the State election which took place
under it. " Oh ! that is to be settled by their Le-
gislature." It is? Who is to be the Legislature?
Can anybody answer me? The amount of it is,
whoever Mr. John Calhoun gives certificates to,
will be the Legislature; whoever he elects, are
elected. Can any man tell me who they will be?
He knows, and will not tell. It may indeed be
that, after all that has happened, and especially
after the recent investigations by the committee
of the Territorial Legislature, Mr. Calhoun will
not think it advisable, in aidof the great purpose
which he serves, to give the slaveholders, the mi-
nority there, after all their frauds and all their de-
ceptions, the election certificates. It would be
too gross, too palpable. It would not only be
receiving the stolen horse, but it would be con-
clusive evidence of who had stolen him. Suppose
he does give the free-State men the Legislature,
he will give them a bare majority. Now, who
shall be Governor there? Generally it is said,
you cannot tell who is Governor until after the
election; but here you cannot even tell after the
election; no man can tell now who is to be Uov-
ernor: Calhoun cannot tell himself, or if he can,
he will not. ., ,
We understand distinctly that one side or the
other is to be cheated. I do *ot intend to aid m
taking that position of things by which either my
opponents or myself are to be cheated; but if w©
