1858.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
Tiie mr'Ssaee further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States, on the V2ih instant,
approved and signed the following acts:
Anactmakingappropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859;
An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1859;
An act granting a pension to Beriah Wright,
of New York;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1859; and
An act making supplemental appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year endinc
June 30, 1850. B
Also, that he had approved and signed this
day the following acts:
An act granting a pension to Mary A. M.
Jones;
An act making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the military road from Astoria to Sa-
lem, in Oregon Territory;
An act making appropriations for the expenses
of collecting the revenue^from customs;
An act granting an invalid pension to William
Howell, of Tennessee; ;
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria- 1
tions for the cmrent and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with v.u-ious Indian tribes,"for ^Uje
year ending June 30, 1853; .
An act making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1859; :
An act to establish ceitain post roads;
An act granting an invalid pension to John Hoi- ;
land, of Arkansas; and
An act granting an invalid pension to William
Randolph.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. !
The foliowing message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk:
The House of Representatives disagrees to the
amendments of the Senate numbered four, five,
six, seven, and ten, heretofore agreed to; and
insists upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate numbered one, two, three, eight,
and nine, to the bill of the House of Representa-
tives (Xo. C56) making appropriations/or the ser-
vice of the Post Ollice Department for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1859, heretofore
disagreed to, and asks a further conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on ihe said \
bill; and has appointed Mr. Hexry M. Phil-
lips, Mr. Ellihu B. Washbuu«je, and Mr. James
F. Dihydell, managers of the same on lis part.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate fur-
ther insisted on all its amendments, and agreed to J
the conference asked for by the Ilouse of Repre- :
sentatives. The Vice President was, by unani- :
mous consent, authorized to appoint the commit-
tee;and.\Iessrs. Htxtkr,YuLEE,andCollamer,
Were appointed.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION. ,
Tile message also announced that the House
of Representatives agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the resolution of the House, ex- .
tending the time for the adjournment of Congress, 1
with an amendment to fix the hour of final ad- :
journment a! six o'clock, p. m., this day.
The amendment was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr, FITZPATRICK, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive ■
business; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Henry, his Secre-
tary, announcing that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of Sherlock it Shirley; and
A resolution to coirect an error 111 the act lor
the relief of Stephen It. Rowan, approved June
1, Ib'aS.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m§
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. n[INTER submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (IJ. R. No. 556) making appro-
priation? for the service 01 the Po?t Office Department durm*
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859, having met!
after a full and free confeieuce have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first, second, third,
fourth, filth, sixth,seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth amend-
ments.
It. M. T. HUNTER,
1). L. YULEB,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
H. M. PHILLIPS.
E. B. WASIiBURNE,
J. F DOWDELL,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. In presenting this report, I
j beg leave simply to say that the amendments of
; the Senate are principally the addition of matters
of legislation to an appropriation bill, to which
! the House of Representatives object, and I always
- yield to such an objection. I have neatly always
; gone against the practice of legislation on the ap-
| propriotion bills. I am inclined to think that the
better course is to yield to the principle on which
the House is acting, and which is undoubtedly
generally correct.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope this report will not be
agreed to. There has not been a general appro-
priation bill passed at this session without inde-
pendent substantial legislation, except one or two
j small bills. There has been not one of the lm-
j portant appropriation bills which has not had at
| least fifteen or twenty amendments added to it.
j These amendments are geimane to the bill; they
; relate to the Post Office establishment, and are la-
; tended to make it self-supporting,
j Mr. HUNTER.. I did not mean to say that I
1 never had voted for a legislative measure on an
! appropriation bill, but I have voted for very few
I of them. The point I always made, and to which
I I adhere now, is, that I might vote on an appro-
; pnation bill for legislation which was known to
| be agreeable to the other House, under the reser-
| vatiou that if they protested against it, I would
! recede from it,and not attempt to forcc it on them
: through an appropriation bill.
[ Mr. TOOMBS. 1 do not think my friend can
; stand on that. There never were two subjects
more germane to the Post Office bill than the
, amendments of the Senate. Seeing.that there
was a deficiency of £3,51)0,000 m the Post Office
revenue, besides what comes under the Navy De-
f partment, amounting altogether to probably Hve
1 millions, the Senate proposed to increase the rate
of postage, and to take off the fmnking pnvilege
ft Dm this body and tin- other House. An I stated
the other night, a formei committee of conference j
on the part of th^ Senate, proposed to the House
comimttce that if they would allow the Senate to ;
strike off their own franking privilege, we would :
agree to everything else, but they would not con- '
sent to that. If the other House had pretended to
act on that principle, I should not have said a
word. 1 believe the principle of the Senator ftom ;
Virginia is generally a sound principle; but when
it is oliereu to me as a pretext for preserving ;
abuses, let the biil go, so fat as I am concerned.
Mr. RENJAMIN. I understand, sir, that the
reduction of postage to a point which it has now
becomcevidcntis insufficient to meet the demands ,
of the service, took place on an appropriation bill. '
Now the Post Office appropriation bill comes be-
fore us, from the Department, evincing that that |
Department is unable to pay its own expenses, |
and asking us to devote three or four million dol- 1
lars from the public Treasury to support it. Find- :
ing that to be the state of the case, and desmng !|
to conform to the timc-honoted policy of the
Government, the Senate says, " we wjii agree to ;
make tne appropriations winch have become ne- ;
cessary by the former amendment put upon an '
appionnation bill; out we will now recall bur
assent to that former amendment, and put the
postage back where it was, to prevent a recur- „
rence of this deficiency.''
Mr. HUNTER, is the Senator certain that .
the reduction was on an appropriation bulr i
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am told so. I hold my- ■
self to a principle which 1 do not find shared by
my brother Senators to any gieat extent. I con- .
sider that in this Government it is the duty of the
House of Representatives, or of that branch of ,
Congress which proposes an appropriation, to
recede from it if the other branch persists in its
rejection. According to the theory of our Govern-
ment, no money ought to be expended except with
the concurrence of the two branches of Congress.
Consequently,whenever one branch desires a par-
ticular expenditure to be made, and the other has
a persistent objection to it, the House that pro-*
poses the expenditure is in all cases bound to yield.
Such is my judgment—and I put it forward with
great diffidence—in regard to the amendments
which are usually tacked to appropriation bills,
including particular items of expenditure. If this
were a proposition on the part of the Senate to ex-
pend any money, and the other House declined to
expend that money, 1 hold that it would be vio-
lative of the true theory of the Constitution for us
to insist that the House should abandon its judg-
ment, which was opposed to the expenditure of
the money, or lose an appropriation bill. Under
such circumstances, I should always be in favor
of a motion that the Senate recede. But, sir, we
I are asked now to spend money in the Treasury to
j the extent of millions of dollars, and to leave the
j system as it is, so that we shall be asked next
| winter to appropriate four or five millions more,
j The object of the Senate now is, not to refuse the
i appropriation this year, but to grant it on such
: conditions as shall prohibit or preclude the possi-
' bility of its being asked of us again next year.
Now we do not propose to the other House,
as a matter of legislation to be forced upon them,
that, they augment the postage, or that they aban-
ji don the franking privilege, if they will offer some
amendment to our amendment, which will save
us next year from an appropriation of $5,000,000.
We all say we must stop this appropriation; we
all say that the Government is extravagant. We
say now to the House:" Stop this extravagance;
the revenues of the country will not suffice to do
| what you demand. We agree to the urgency of
•; the claim at the present moment, but we can con-
sent to it only upon condition that we are secured
|] against the recurrence uf a similar claim next
'! year." Consequently, I think nothing can be
, mote reasonable,nothing can be more in accord-
, ance with our theory of constitutional govern-
: ment, than for us to insist that the House of Rep-
respntatives shall agree to dimmish the expenses
' , of the Post Office Department by relieving it from
the burden of the franking privilege; or, if they de-
; sire to retain the franking pnvilege, that they shall ,
;; increase the revenue of the Department so as to
j! support that burden by increasing the postage on
11 letters. I do not consider this legislation, strictly
speaking, on an appropriation bill; but I consider
i it is a gttard against the recurrence of thisappro-
;i priation next year. It is a condition put upon
the appropriation of the present year—" we will
appropriate for the fiscal year between July 1,
1 ItSS, and July 1, 1859, on condition that we are
not to be called upon for the following year."
1 Now, after all, Mr. President, what docs the
whole matter amount to r The two or three mil-
' lion dollars are to be paid, must be paid, for ser-
vice we have ordered. It is to bo uused m one of
i two ways: eithei by general taxation, or by atax
, of two cents on eveiy letter wntten m the United
. States. Shall this additional sum of three or four
million dollars hp raised by a general tax upon
i everybody in the country, or shall it be raised
upon those who are willing to pay for the service
: to be rendered, by paying two cents per letter
1 more? I will say, m relation to this raising of
the postage, that, in my judgment, nothing can
be more eminently just or proper. The i eduction
of postage to three cents was for the benefit, ex-
clusively, of one class m this country, and that
the smallest class of the country, for the benefit
of the nijrehants m four or fivo large-cities. It was
for tbe benefit of the vast mercantile correspond-
ence between four or five large cities, that postage
was reduced to three cents. Take the people of
the country at large in their daily avocations, in
their communications on family matters, and on
friendly matters, and not one man in ten thou-
sand cares whether he pays three or live cents for
his letter; but m the large cit.es where people
write a hundred letters a day m great commer-
cial transactions, they make a -strenuous opposi-
tion to the increase of postage, slight to the indi-
vidual, but important to the Government.
I hope the Senate will not recede from both
these amendments. The result inevitably is, that
when we come back here next winter, at the short
