me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
adopt this constitution, we take that position.
You may say that the candle-box was discovered
full of votes in the wood pile back of Calhoun's
office, and we can count out the votes there. But
will he give certificates according to those votes ?
Who has any authority to decide. The returns
were to be made tO/Mr. Calhoun. Mr. Calhoun
is to decide. There is the end; there commcnces
the estoppel. We are to be estopped now—that is
the end of it. He splits the difference, as is com-
manly done by men who do not know ho w to de-
cide.either way; he gives a majority of the Legis-
lature; to the free-State people because there are
most of them; and he gives the Governor to the
Other side because they need him. I should like to
know how any constitution can ever be amended
in that state of things. The Legislature under-
takes to pass a law to call a convention; the Gov-
ernor vetoes it. Calhoun will not certify the
election of two thirds of the free-State candidates
to the Legislature. They cannot overvote the
Governor, and there is the end of it.
But the President says that if they are made a
State, then indeed they will become an independ-
ent people, and can manage their affairs in their
own way. Ah ! well, that is another step in the
progress of popular sovereignty. In the first place,
they were to go there as people of a Territory, to
manage their affairs in their own way. In the
next place, they were not to do it then; but when
the version given by the Cincinnati convention
came out, it was that they were to be perfectly
free in making a State constitution. Now they
have got to that point; and you say a majority of
the people shall not make a constitution at all;
because, if they do, they may be likely to make
the Topeka constitution, or some one that they
choose. They cannot do it, then; but at last the
President has got to the point, that the only way
a people can form a State constitution, is to be first
made into a State; and the most solemn and cor-
rect way is to pass them through the furnace of
slavery, make them a State in that form, and they
will then just be fitted to turn free. Besides, they
can never manage their affairs in their own way,
though you have told them so over and over and
over again, until they can get out of the clutches
of this Government. He says, when you admit
them as a State, then they may manage their own
affairs. Ah, indeed ! that is another step in the
progress of popular sovereignty. Never, while a
Territory, can they manage their affaiis, nor in
making a State constitution, nor until they can
get, somehow or other, out of the guardianship
and beyond the tyranny of this Government over
them, and be formed into an independent State;
and then they can do as they please. It is pecu-
liarly an advantage to them if you can make a
slave constitution for them, because that will per-
mit the people to do what they have all desired to
do, and that is, make it free!
Inasmuch as this constitution was not made by
authority, as I have shown, it presents itself to us
as a thing done by the act of this convention, not
unlawfully, and is presented here for our consid-
eration. Now it is insisted upon at great length,
that that is not an expression of the will of the
people. On the face of it, prima facie, it may be
so. If you stopped with the vote on the 21st of
December, you might, prima facie, say," I presume
it is all right;" but when it is suggested, when it
is pleadeiT, when it is directly alleged in the plead-
ings, that this is not the expression of the will of
the majority of the people of Kansas, then comes
the question for us to examine. Had it been by
authority, it would have been conclusive. Not
being by authority, but by the voluntary proceed-
ing of the people who went into that convention,
it is for us to examine into the truth of it, to as-
certain whether it is the will of that people or
not.
I shall not enlarge on the points I have hereto-
fore made, but simply come to this one: oil the
4th day of January last, under an act of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, a vote of the people was taken
on the very question of the adoption of this con-
stitution by authority of law, and under the sanc-
tion of the Legislature, and they voted, by ten
thousand majority, against it. Whenever pro-
ceedings are taken that are not authoritative, and
they present themselves to Congress for our ac-
tion, how are we t^ act in our discretion ? If it
is done by authority, it is conclusive; but if not!
done by.authority, and it presents a prima facie I
correct case, as was the case in Arkansas and
Michigan, admit it; but when it is disputed, then
it becomes a substantive fact, to be approved
affirmatively. The fact to be proved is, that it
does present the view of the majority of the peo-
ple; not only prima facie so, but that it is in fact
so, and that is to be ascertained by examination.
The moment we touch this examination it shows
us not merely that this is not the will of the peo-
ple, and is not the desire of the majority, but it
abnegates it, and shows conclusively that it is
contrary to the desire of that people—not only
that they are not for it, but that they reject it alto-
gether. Why, then, do you not examine it ? We
are estopped, it is said; we cannot get at the truth;
there is an estoppel. We, as Senators, are will-
fully to shut our eyes to the true condition of the
people of that Territory.
I have a word now to say in relation to the re-
port of the committee, presented by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, and his remarks upon it.
I cannot go into adetailed examination ofits parts,
but I wish to group together its leadingpoints. It
consists of three essential elements. In the first
place, it is assumed that this proceeding was done
by law, and is, therefore, authoritative, and that
there is an end of the question. I have said all
that I wish to say on that point. I say it was not
done by authority; it is, therefore, not conclusive,
and, of course, that leaves the subject open to our
examination.
The report insists next, that the people of Kan-
sas ought to be bound by it because they did not
vote against the calling of the convention. I have
explained that. The laws disfranchised them at
the time that vote was taken. It is said they are
estopped because they did not participate in the
election of delegates to the convention. They did
not choose to vote then, because of the nature of
the census; because of the want of confidence in
the officers who were to conduct the election; and
more especially because they were assured by the
Governor that whatever constitution the conven-
tion might make, they should have a right to pass
upon it. They have been cheated out of that.
In the third place, the report insists that these
people should be estopped and bound t>y this pro-
ceeding, because they did not vote on the 21st of
December on the question then submitted to the
people. I have explained how that submission
was made. The people did not oiioose to be the
dupes of that trickery. There is a good reason
whytlieydid not vote on that occasion. Besides,
their own Territorial Legislature met before the
21st of December, and directed them to vote upon
the constitution on the 4th of January. They then
did vote upon it, and voted it down. They had
been repeatedly assured by this Government, by
its officers, that they should have that right, and
they exercised it on the 4th of January. The Gov-
ernment should be estopped from saying that they
have not acted properly in doing so.
The next ingredient in the composition of the
majority report is, that everything operates by
way of estoppel. Each one of these acts estops
the people. I need not repeat or add to what I
have already said on that point. There is noth-
ing in the nature of the acts which could operate
as an estoppel.
There is one other element, an essential one.
We complain that the people of Kansas were sub-
jugated by military force; that they have been
kept in thraldom and oppression until last October;
and that then proceedings were taken to make a
constitution in the manner I have described. For
what purpose? To frustrate the territorial gov-
ernment going on, when it is now, for the first
time, in fair legal operation. When it was in the
hands of the usurpers there could be no interven-
tion. The moment it is in the hands of the ma-
jority of the people, intervention is loudly called
for, and Congress must help it through. For what
purpose ? To put down a people who have taken
possession of their true rights; and in order to do
that, make a great deal of complaint in relation to
those people. I cannot go over the report in its
details; but I will state a few of the terms of'
reproach and vituperation employed in order to i
excite prejudice and get up animosity against the 1
majority in Kansas. I find such expressions as
those in the majority report: "They went there
the worst of a spurious population;" " hired mer-
cenaries of Abolition societies, trying to do what
Congress had no right to do;" "committing most
revolting outrages;" "creators of strife, excite-
ment, wrangling, and disputation;" "turbulent
spirits encouraged by restless fanaticism" Ab-
olition agitators and disturbers, habitually setting
all lawatdefiance;" " contumacious." I extract
these few epithets from the report. This is one
of the elements which is interwoven with, and ea-
ters into, the warp and woof of the whole of this
report. I have no answer to make to such charges.
I simply present them.
I think, Mr. President, that for the reasons-
which I have already given, this constitution,
ought not to be received by us, and enforced upon
an unwilling people. It is a violation of the very
first principles of our Government. If we do it,
we directly give countenance to all the violence
and fraud out of which it has grown; we crown
them with success; we encourage their repetition.
But that is not all. In a popular Government like
ours there are two very important points to be
considered in the transaction of all public busi-
ness. One is to do everything right, and the other
is to do it in such a way that the community can
see it is right, so that public confidence may be-
preserved. Our Government is based on public
confidence. The moment we lose it, we lose our
hold on the people; we lose our support; we are
without foundation. The object of a great many
is to make peace. Make peace by doing what?.
Doing injustice. Can any man suppose that peace
is to be obtained—I mean satisfactory quiet, such
as an intelligent people may be satisfied with—by
acts of violence and injustice, or by giving coun-
tenance to, and crowning with success, acts of
violence and injustice? If we make a peace in
that coercive manner, we make it at quite too dear
a rate. Wo may buy it at too dear a price. We
buy it at the price of forfeiting the confidence of
every man who desires to see justice in the coun-
cils of his country.
Such men lose confidence in us when they see-
the highest departments of this Government taking
advantage of and snatching at an opportunity to
make peace when they have done it without re-
gard to the true justice of the case and the true
principles of ourGovernment. When such things
are done in high or low places no final peace can
be secured by them; or if it is, it is secured at too
great a sacrifice, at too high a price. It will stir
the whole community who fairly examine this
matter, and excite in them different emotions as
men are differently constituted. But, sir, one
thing is clear, that if we do it we weaken the al-
legiance of the people of this country to ourselves;
they can no longersee in us the impersonation',of
justice and truth and right. I say its effect on a
Government conducted like ours is that prayera
and tears and secret curses sap its moldering"
base and steal the pillars of allegiance from it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr.' President, I desire to
address the Senate upon this subject, but I shall
not be able to finish to-day what I propose to
say.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from New
York will permit me, I will move to go into ex-
ecutive session, in order that he may have the
floor for to-morrow morning.
Mr. GREEN. I desire first to present the
amendment of which I gave notice yesterday, and
to move that it be printed. At the same time I
wish merely to remark on the criticism of the
Senator from Vermont as to the terms used in the
report, that he will find they are all justified by-
extracts taken from Governor Walker and his
friend Governor Stanton.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to reply to
that, but I can merely say now that when those
men made those remarks, they were in the "gall,
of bitterness and in the bond of iniquity."
Mr. GREEN. That may be true; but they
were fit subjects to go over to that side.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator from Missouri
to accept an additional section to his amendment.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Missouri will be read.
The Secretary read: " A bill for the admission
of the States of Kansas and Minnesota into the
Union" 
Mr. STUART. The reading of the whole
amendment is objected to by gentlemen around
me. Let it be printed.
Mr. WADE. Let it be read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to hear the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio read.
