3036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
session, we shall not be able to perfect any sys-
tem! in a separate bill; there will be no time—that
will be the cry; wc shall have another deficiency
bill of four or five millions more for the Post Of-
fice Departmen and yet gentlemen on all sides
cry out for eform, retrenchment and economy.
'There is this single method left to us. I hope
tlie ' nate will not abandon it.
Mr. BAYARD. If I could agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana that this was a
mere condition, and not legislation upon an ap-
propriation, I might arrive at the same conclu-
sions that he does. I admit that, in my opinion,
it was unwise, originally, to reduce the postage
to three cents; and I think it is wise now to put
it at five cents again. I have no objection to such
a proposition brought properly before us; but if I
understand the fair theory of our Government, an
appropriation bill is made to give the mean3 to
carry out existing laws. Now, itis proposed to go
a step further, and provide on an appropriation
bill for altering those laws. I do not think either
House is ever justified in placing on an appropri-
ation bill, with a view to coercion, a condition
saying to the other House, " we will not grant the
supplies demanded by existing laws, unless, in a
case in which you differ from us as to the propri-
ety of the law remaining as it is, you will change
it.5' The attempt here is on the part of the Sen-
ate to impose a condition, if you choose to use
that term, on the House of Representatives, that
the law shall be altered, or else that the Senate
will not make the appropriation called for by the
existing law. If the cases were reversed, and the
proposition came from the House of Represent-
atives to the Senate, I should equally object to it.
I object to the theory and to the practice of en-
forced legislation by one branch against the other.
I have done it hitherto in many cases when the
House of Representatives has attempted to force
legislation on the Senate. I do so now, though I
think the postage ought to be raised, when the
Senate attempts to force legislation on the House
of Representatives in an appropriation bill.
The theory of our Constitution must be, that
both Houses are coordinate and of equal author-
ity. The assent of both must be given to make
a law or to alter a law. Under existing laws,
however, there is an implied faith as regards the
appropriation bills, that we shall carry out those
laws until they are changed. If you suffer one
House to attach to an appropriation bill provis-
ions which change existing laws, you alter the
whole theory of the Government, because you no
longer have the consent of the two Houses; but
you have the enforced action of one Housfe, agree-
ing to it rather than stop the wheels of Govern-
ment by denying the appropriations called for by
existing laws. Whether you call these amend-
ments a condition or not, 1 regard them as an at-
tempt to change existing laws by enforced legis-
lation on the part of the Senate as against the
House of Representatives. Whether these laws
ought to be changed or not is perfectly immate-
rial to this question. I can never accede to the
doctrine of enforced legislation in this way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senate will re-
cede from these amendments, and I have a word
to say in response to the Senator from Louisiana
as to the propriety of resorting to an increase of
the letter postage to make up the deficiency in the
Post Office Department. Any Senator who will
examine the question will find that letters at three
cents postage pay four-fold, and it may be as
much as ten-fold, what any other description of
matter carried in the mail pays. At three cents
postage, letters pay a dollar a pound, and when
you come to look at the newspapers and the vast
matter carried by the mail, it generally does not
pay twelve cents a pound. I agree that news-
papers may be regarded as a means of educating
the people, and it may be proper to avoid levy-
ing on them such a postage as would restrict their
circulation; but is it not right that all the franked
matter should pay postage? That was the law
when you reduced the postage.
Mr. PUGH. That was excepted. There was
a proviso m the law that it should not affect the
franking privilege.
Mr. SIMMONS. At the time the law passed,
reducing the postage, there was a provision in
the old law that all letters franked by members
of Congress and public officers should be charged
with postage.
Mr. PUGH. There was a proviso in the act
"that nothing herein contained shall be so con-'
strued as to alter the laws in relation to the frank-
ing privilege," so that there was no attempt to
charge the franking privilege on the Treasury. It
just amounts to an appropriation out of the Post
Office revenues to carry on the business of frank-
ing.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to know whether
the Treasury does not now pay for the mail mat-
ter that is franked ?
Mr. PUGH. No.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then you propose to tax the
letter writers for the transportation of your pub-
lic documents all over this country, in order to
keep up the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment. You now charge three cents for a letter of
half an ounce, which is at the rate of a dollar a
pound, and I venture to say that you do not get
ten cents a pound for any other mail matter car-
ried in the mails.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to state that there is a mistake as to a fact? The
reduction of postage from five to three cents was
by a separate act, which the Senator from Ken-
tucky has been kind enough to show me. It was
not done on an appropriation bill. It was a sep-
arate act, entitled "An act further to amend an act
entitled, i An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage, and for other purposes,passed
March 3, 1851.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wanted to bring the
attention of the Senate to the fact that if we are
going to resort to the mail matter to makeup the
deficiency in the Post Office revenues, the letter
postage is the last place to which we can resort,
in justice, for letters pay ten-fold the postage j
that anything else does now, and I should like to -
know if it is not as much to the public conve- |
nience, prosperity, and happiness, to have this 1
social correspondence exist, as it is to circulate
newspapers, and pamphlets, and documents, .
! which do not pay one tenth as much as letters? j
If you resort to anything, go to the franked mat-
ter and pay postage for that.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not want to make a speech,
but to say a single word, so as to be distinctly un-
derstood by the country in regard to this subject.
I am against the increase of the rate of postage,
and for the abolition of the franking privilege; and
I desire to have the question divided, in order that
I 1 may so vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of the
committee cannot be divided.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I can only say that it
is unfortunate that these amendments were intro-
duced at so late a stage of the session. I believe
that, if you abolish the franking privilege, the Post
Office revenues will be sufficient to sustain the De-
partment.
Mr. YULEE. There is a misapprehension and
mistake as to the manner in which the postage
was i educed from five to three cents. It was not
by an amendment to an appropriation bill, but by
a special act directed to that and other subjects
appertaining to the administration of the Post
Office Department. Perhaps the mistake occurs
from another fact which I will state, which an-
swers the purpose of gentlemen who have referred
to that as an illustration of the previous practice
—the legislation by which prepayment was re-
quired and postage stamps authorized to be issued,
was by an amendment to a post-route bill.
1 agreed, upon the committee of conference, to
• j the report which has been made for a general re-
!| cession on the part of the Senate; and my reason
;j for it was this: it was perfectly evident that the
'I House of Representatives had resolved not to
enter with us into legislation on the subject of the
rates of postace and of the franking privilege at \\
this session, and it seemed to me that it was the :
disposition of the Senate to postpone that point I
until the next session, rather than to prolong the
jiwosition of the House of Representatives, they.
~ were prepared to yield upon tne points on which
the House had already concurred, but were not
prepared to go further.
Mr. PUGII. Allow me to ask, how did the
conference committee get jurisdiction of amend-
ments to which the House of Representatives
had agreed?
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will look at the
message from the House, he will see that the
House reconsidered all their agreements,and non-#
concurred generally in all the amendments of the
Senate. It was for us to consider whether we
would enter with them into a controversy on all
these amendments, which were minor points of
difference, or whether we would report to the
Senate a general concession to the House, which
might be agreed to or not, as the Senate pleased;
and if the Senate should determine not to recede
they would then still have the whole subject be-
fore them, untrammeled by any concessions on
the part of the Senate committee on minor points,
while these two principal points remained. We
thought it better that the Senate should have it
in its power either to recede altogether, or, by
maintaining its position altogether, to urge those
points which it might consider material yet to
I maintain in its controversy with the House, and
I not to narrow the groiffids by putting the Sen-
j ate, through a recommendation of its committee,
| upon mmor points as to the basis of its contro-
| versy with the House. It was better, if the con-
! troversy was to continue, that the Senate should
| refuse altogether to recede, and carry on the con-
; trftersy on the basis on which it has heretofore
: rested.
| Mr. BROWN. I shall vote against this report
j for several reasons. In the first place, I see noth-
ing in the idea of objecting to general legislation
' on an appropriation bill. How often during this
session, and every other session of Congress, has
■ it been done by both Houses ? This is an objec-
' tion urged to a measure which is distasteful to
gentlemen, just as the same argument has been
urged a hundred times before;and it is only urged
by those to whom the measure is distasteful. If
it were pleasant to them they would swallow it in
both Houses, of course without a word; but it is
an argument lugged in by the ears and shaken in
the face of the Senate, every time anything is
proposed which chances to be a little distasteful
to gentlemen. If we could get back to the original
principle, and put nothing but appropriations on
appropriation bills, I should be very willing to
stand upon that principle now and through all
time to come; but wc have not done it, and we
are not going to do it.
Then what is there in the argument about pro-
longing the session ? Suppose the House of Rep-
resentatives do bring the session abruptly to a
close by the loss of this bill: the President has
the power, and he will exercise it, to tell them to
come back, take their seats, and discharge the
duty for which they are paid. The session can
as well last to the 1st Monday of December, as
come abiuptly to a close when the clock points
to the hour o? six this evening; and it will not
cost the Government a sixpence to prolong it to
that time. I protest against the argument, that
gentlemen who are paid by the year to transact
the public business must hasten abruptly to,close
the session of Congress, and that, upon the dec-
laration that they cannot stay any longer, we are
to give up important measures. Are public and
private rights to be trampled under foot because
gentlemen do not choose to stay here, and do
what they are paid to do ? Such an argument
rather inclines me to stand upon the Senate amend-
ments, let the bill fall, and let the President call
gentlemen back, and teach them their duty by the
strong arm of constitutional power.
Then itis said: " these are small points; we
can give them up; it will not cost anything to give
them up." A small point, sir, not to ineiease the
present session to any very great extent; and I v   v ,_7   
| believed that it was useless, and not worthy of j' rate of postage, when your PostOffice Department
: this body, to continue a contest with the other ] is costing you more than two million dollars over
House upon any of the lesser points involved in I its revenue !
the difference between the two Houses. I pre- j Mr. TOOMBS. I will mention to my friend
ferred to yield entirely rather than to yield on j; thatthereare $3,500,000 appropriated in this very
these two leading points, and carry on a contest || bill, out of the Treasury, independent of what
upon minor amendments, none of which were h goes through the Navy Department.
material, and eitner of which might be postponed J: Mr. BROWN. I was not very accurate about
without any serious injury to the public interests, j; the figures. I knew it was a large sum. Gentle-
until next session. iNow, as I understood the '' men speak of this as a small thing; they say it
