9014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcuday, Mai) 8, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of y esterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the House took
a recess until one o'clock, p. m.
The House resumed its session at one o'clock,
p. m.
DECEASE OP HON. JOSIAH J. EVANS.
' A messaga was received from the Seriate by
AsBCRr Dickins, their Secretary, communicating
the proceedings of the Senate on the occasion of
the death of lion. Josiah J. Evavs, late a Senator
from the State of South Carolina; which were
read by the Clerk, as follows: •
In the Senate of the United States,
May 8, 1&5S.
Revolved unanimously^ That the members o/ the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect to
the memory of the lion. JosiauJ. Evans,deceased. latea
Senator from the St.ite oi South Carolina, will go into
mou.-mtig for the r^uine of the present session by the usual
m'-ae o«' vveann^ciupo o i the left arm.
Hesobci uwiniuuiasiy, That the Senate will attend the
funeral of the decf-ased, from th- Senate Chambei, at two
o'clock to day \ and that the committee or arranjrpmpnis,
consisting ot M<*5-rs. Hustcr, Bigler. Fob ter, Toombs,
Brown, and Bright, superintend the same-
Ordered. Tii.it the Secretary communicate these proceed-
ings to the House of Hepreseutanve>.
Attest: AsSBQRY DFOTCTNS,
Secretary.
Mr. McQUEEN". Mr. Speaker, it is wuh
feelings of much more than ordinary pain I rise
to announce the death of my honorable friend,
Josiah J. Evans, Senator from the State of South
Carolina; who died at his residence in this city,
at about a quarter to eleven on Thursday even-
ing, the Ctii instant, of an affection of the heart,
under which he labored for some time past, but not
so seriously as to excite, even with his most inti-
mate friends and associates, any great apprehen-
sion of this sudden, sorrowful event; for within
one hour of his death, no human eye could perceive
that the afflictive hand of Providence was upon
him; though within half that time his spirit took
its flight to regions of bliss, while nothing re-
mained in the presence of his ardent and devoted
friends who surrounded him but ins cold and
lileless corpse.
Judge Evans was born in the District of Marl-
borough, m the State of South Carolina, on the
27ih November, 176G, and in the immediate vicin-
ity of his present residence. He svas descended
of Welch parents, who settled on the Pee Dee
river in the early settlement of that part of the
country. He graduated in the South Carolina col-
lege at Columbia, in the year 1808, in a distin-
guished class ot thirty,of whom but three survive
him. Not long afterwards he engaged in the prac-
tice of the lav.', ill which profession he so com-
manded the esteem and confidence of his country-
men that he was soon honored with a seat iri the
State Legislature. In that body he manifested
such capacity for business and high legal attain-
ments, that he was early elected by the Legisla-
ture solicitor, or States attorney, for the judicial
circuit in which he lived, in which capacity he
served for many years; and white he was still
continuing to discharge the duties of that office,
he was elected by the Legislature to fill the office
of judge of the highest courts of law known to
the judicature of South Carolina.
About the year 1830 he assumed the responsi-
ble duties of this distinguished office, in which he
continued—having the highest confidence of the
citizens of his State in hts strict sense of justice,
his patient and earnest pursuit after truth, his well-
balanced judgment, and, indeed, all the attributes
which adorn the bench—until December, 1852,
when he was again honored by his State, and trans-
ferred to a seat in the Seiiateof the United States,
of which he died a member. Thus showing a pe-
riod of upwards of fifty years, ot the life of this
great and good man, devoted to the service of his
State and country, without a broken link in that
long ciiam of usefulness and honor, and that, too,
without one stained spot,or the shadow ol a spot,
upon his official or moral character.
Of the earlier part of Judge Evans's official
conduct I car. say nothing, ot my own personal
knowledge. I found him, in my youth, in the
last yeais of his services in the orfice of suhc.lor,
and can boar my humble testimony to the charac-
ter which he universally sustained, that whilst he
was able and faithful in the discharge of his du-
ties, he always took care that the accused should
have impartial justice.
As a judge, i do not feel adequate to the task
of awarding him his due; but I can safely say that
few men, if any, combined within themselves
more of the elements essential to the character of
a great and good judge than this distinguished
man.
In the dispassionate and deliberate investiga-
tion of cases, in the calm and earnest search after
truth, which he always sought out with singular
energy and ability, he bad no superior. Once ar-
rived at truth, he was inflexible as he was just; j
and his justice %vas always tempered with mercy. ]
Of his services in the Senate of the United States i
I might well let the record of his country speak,
but will simply say that, though comparatively j
unaccustomed to the conflicts of legislation, yet, i
none were more faithful, none more conscientious, |
and none more capable of forming a correct judg-
ment upon any and every subject which was pre- ,
sented to him for his investigation and action; and \
I may say further, that, without ostentation, he j
searched for the path of his duty as a patriot, and 1
having found it, pursued it, without regard to the !
opinions of others. !
His educational attainments were by no means !
confined to his profession; he was a student to the j
day of his death, and few men can boast of such j
|; general intelligence and information;though, such 1
was his modest and retiring nature, that none but
those who had familiar intercourse with him,
could properly appreciate him in this respect. j
But nothing which may be said of him, in his
public career, can surpass that which is due him 1
in his private relations; of these, as his neighbor j
and friend, I may venture to speak. Although
engaged so longm public duties, yetin the inter- ■
vals allowed him, he pursued his interests as a
planter, and the adornment and comfort of his
homestead, with that same untiring energy and
judgment which so eminently characterized him
throughout his life.
As a neighbor, he was honest, benevolent, kind,
and generous, and his death will create a vacuum
I. which will noteasily be filled while memory lasts;
11 as a master, he was lenient, kind, and humane.
' But of all his moral excellence and virtues, there
was none so prominent as that of his love and de-
votion to his family. As a husband and father,
ll he was mostkind,assiduous, and affectionate, ex-
i; ercising in a refined decree that urbanity, mingled
! with hisatTection,whichalwaysdtstinguished hnn
I in his intercourse with the world.
j, He leaves a family of tour sons and a daughter,
II fit representatives of a noble father, to mourn his
'I sorrowful and irrenarable loss, upon whom this
i sad and sudden affliction will fall most heavily.
I| A few years before he was elected to the Sen-
ate of the United States, he was bereaved of his
amiable and excellent wife; an affliction which he
bore with that meek and patient resignation which
characterizes the Christians
His religious creed was of the Episcopal faith.
!i He was a regular attendant of that Church, and
j a large contributor to its annual support; whilst
j, he always manifested the most liberal considera-
n tion and respect for other denominations.
ji Mr. Sneaker, I have thus endeavored, in my
j humble way, to pay this brief tribute to the mem- , i
I: oryot mydeparted friend. He has been my neigh- i|
j1 bor and friend from my boyhood; and I iiave al- H
i ways found him as I have attempted to describe >!
him; and believing as I do with the poet, that— ; j
>' An honest man's the noblest work of God," j
' I may not be censured when I express my confi- j
,j dent belief that the spirit of this great and good !
;; man has winged its way to bliss with God, whose !
i name was the last word he uttered on earth. i
I submit, for the adoption of the House, the i
!l following resolutions; ;
That th'.i n<ju-=e lia^ heard with deep sen^ibil- j
j ity the announcement ot the death ot'the Hon Josiah J. i
t; C van's, aftuiidior in Congress from the Stale of South (Jar- 1
oliaa. |
!1 liciolretl, That 3S a testimony of respect for the memory
!; of ihe fierea^ed. the menrihor* and office* s of this flou^e witl ;
j' weiir tile badge ot mourning for thirty days. , j
j' Kcsoueit, That ttie imiceedmgsot tins iiou-,e, in relation
i to the death of t!>e lion. Josiah J. Evav*, tie communi- (
cater! to the ft.nilv of the deceased by the Cleik. '!
I, Rc^ol; c*. That Mils [Iou--e vvdi, a bndv, repair to the <
i Semite Chamber to at'uui the funeral of the decea.-ed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to second the resolutions
which have just been offered, and to bear my
humble testimony to the virtues and merits of the
honored dead. I shall attempt no narration ofthe
particular incidents in the life of Judge Evans.
That has already been fully and ably done. 1 shall
speak of his general character, and of some of the
lessons which may be deduced from his life and
his death. I shall speak of him inasniritof sim-
plicity and sincerity; for such a spirit best befits
not only the solemnity of the occasion, but also
the character of the deceased. His nature was
free from extravagance and excess. Its elements
were so evenly mixed up, and all were attempered
with so just and equable a spirit, that the con-
templation of its outlines repels and rebukes every
disposition to exaggeration.
I am sure that I shall have the cordial assent of
every man who knew him,when Isay thatJudge
Evans was a good man. He had a just appre-
ciation of the obligations of life, personal, social,
and political; and he sought faithfully and dili-
gently to discharge them all; and this is the high-
est meed of praise that can be bestowed on man.
But no man in high position can be truly a good
man without being also, to a considerable extent,
a great man. For what knowledge is so import-
antas aknowledge of duty,and what achievement
so worthy as its successful performance? Judge
Evans's greatness was not the greatness of excited
effort, or of showy and striking action. It was
the greatness of doing well whatever circum-
stances required at his hand. The calm dignity
of conscious strength, a quick and a clear appre-
hension of right, ajud ment serene and unclouded
amidst the most exciting events—these are the
leading attributes of his character, these the solid
elements of his greatness. The thought has often
struck me, however fanciful it may appear to
others, that I discovered in his person a striking
resemblance to the likenesses which I have seen,
of one of the greatest of the worthies of our early
history. I allude to Benjamin Franklin. How-
ever that may be, his character was certainly
fashioned after the same Doric model. There was
in both the same strong common sense, the same
eminently practical turn of mind, the same dispo-
sition to unobtrusive labor; the same comparative
disregard of external appearances and the mere
conventionalities of hfe, when ill pursuit of the
real and the useful. And never was the great
value of such qualities, for success in life, more
fully illustrated and clearly proven than in the case
of Jud^'c Evans.
Think, if you please, of a young man, of un-
pretending origin, of a very moderate share of
worldly fortune, with no qualities to dazzle the
world, or lead captive the fancy of his friends.
Place him then in a society where the constant
cultivation of high sentiments of honor, of line-
age, and greatness have created a nation of cav-
aliers, with all the lofty spirit and chivalrous
feeling of the days of Charlemagne. See him at
first contending for a foothold; the a calmly mov-
ing on amid the jostling throng, and quietly lis-
ing higher and higher in the scale of fortune and
of rank. See him first a successful lawyer, then
a distinguished judge, and finally behold him sit-
ting amid the Senators of the Union, a joint rep-
resentative, with one other, of tiie sovereignty of
his proud State, and the successor of a Pinekney,
a Hayne, a McDuffie, and a Calhoun. Lehoid
this picture, and tell me if you do not recognize
the presence of greatness and of power.
1 would not be understood as intimating that
Judge Evans vvas not an accomplished speaker
and an able debater. He spoke but seldom, it is
tiue; but in all that he said there was a simplicity
of language, a clearness of statement, and an un-
pretending force of logic, that unerringly mark a
strong and vigorous mind. These qualities he cer-
tainly had. Out it was his strict integrity of pur-
pose, his calm, unbiasedjudgment, and his strong
common sense, that shone most conspicuously as
elements of greatness in his character. Withall,
he has left a fame of which his State may well ho
proud, which his family and friends may cherish
with sacred affection, and which mankind may
emulate with profit.
As his life was, so it shall stand forever. His
record n made up; his account is closed, and now
awaits the impartial judgment of his countrymen
and of posterity. lie himself is gone, and forever.
