THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Kentucky against members of this House, that
(hey.did not know on what they were acting. I
understand the whole thing thoroughly and in-
timately,
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from North
Carolina will answer the gentleman's question, if
lie will' allow him to go on.
, Mr. RUFFi.V We propose to allow the Door-
keeper to remain at his present salary of $2,160
a year.. We propose to allow the superintendent
of the folding-room to remain at his piesent sal-
ary of ,$1,800. "There was an appropriation made
oft the 3d.day of March, 1857, for an officer not
known to the law, under the ti tie of" messenger in
charge of the Hall, "at §1,740 per annum. We pro-
pose to reduce the salary of that messenger to three
dollars perday.and puthim upon the same stand-
ing with the other messengers. There was an
appropriation in the general appropriation bill at
the same session,of $1,752, for a superintendent
of the document-room, and the same amount for
the salary of an assistant superintendent of the
document-room. These officers are unknown to
the law; but have crept in under former appro-
priation bills. We propose to reduce the com-
pensation of each to three dollars per day. There
were then five messengensfor which an appropri-
ation was made in the same bill at a compensa-
tion of $1,500 a year each. We propose to re-
duce these to three dollars per day. There were
eight messengers appropriated for in the same%ill,
at a compensation of $1,200 a year each. We
propose to reduce these to three dollars per day
each.
The resolution reported by the chairman of the
special committee appointed! in the early part of
the session, authorized the Doorkeeper to employ
six additional messengers at_a salary of $1,200 a
year. All these, Mr. Speaker, the superintendent
of the folding-room, the superintendent and assist-
ant superintendent of the document-room, the mes-
senger in charge of the Hall, the messengers at
$1,500 a year, and all the messengers at $1,200 a
year were permanent messengers to be continued
through the entire year. We propose, in lieu of
this, to employ these twenty-five messengers, four-
teen of whom are to be employed during the en-
tire year at three dollars per day, and the others
to bo employed during the session of Congress at
three dollars per day.
I will say that we have put down the number
of messengers as large as it is, because this Hall
is a large one, and the number of doors in it re-
quires a larger force than when the House sat in
the old Hall; and yet the decreased salary which
we have recommended will reduce the aggregate
expenses of that department.
We found fourteen lawful pages on the floor
and thirty-one actually here. We propose in this
bill that the number to be employed shall be here-
after fixed at twenty. The law authorizes the
employment of three laborers, two of whom shall
continue through the year, and the other during
the session only. The special committee of which
the gentleman from Virginia [MV. Faulkner]
was chairman, authorized the appointment of six
additional laborers, (making nine mall,) of whom
four were permanent and five during the session.
Wepropose to allow these to remain as at present.
As for the folding-room, about which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania inquired, there is a
superintendent appointed at his present rate of
salary. The other employes are classed as mes-
senger®; but the Doorkeeper isallowed to employ
one or two of the twenty-five messengers author-
ized to be appointed, to assist in keeping the books
and perform clerical duties, during the session,
under the supervision of the Committee of Ac-
counts. We found as high as twenty-eight men
employed in that room, at $2 50 a day each. Most
of them were regular appointments. We reduced
the number to four men, at $2 50 a day each, and
two laborers, at $1 50 a day each. The four men
are to get the books together, after having marked
them,and to send them to members'rooms. They
are to superintend the work, and to see that it is
done properly. When at leisure, they go into the
folding-room, and assist to put up books. The
folding is to be done by the piece, and exactly
as it was done before the existing system was
adopted—a system adopted two years ago, and
adopted, no doubt, for the purpose of conferring
patronage. The twenty-eight men there now are
m each other'm way. The whole work of the room
was formerly done by four men; and, on very
pressing and busy occasions, by eight. Now per-
sons are continually coming before us with ac-
counts certified, some by the old superintendent,
and some by the new one—for there have been
two or three in the last twelve months—and it is
impossible for us to tell exactly who is, and who
is not, entitled to compensation. One will say
that he is entitled to the pay, for he did the work;
another man has got the appointment, and he
wants the pay, although he may never have done
any work. A man applied to us for pay, and got
it, although he was sick all the time. These are
the abuses in the folding-room. We have reduced
the force to what we deem to be proper.
I have stated the force employed here by the
Doorkeeper, and I hope the thing is understood.
The names of six messengers were sent before the
committee, but we did not pay them. We did
not think it was right, and put the matter off.
We did not act on it. I am ready to answer any
questions on the subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not hear the number
the committee recommend.
Mr. MASON. They recommend twenty-five
messengers under the Doorkeeper; fourteen per-
manent and eleven temporary.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How many are there in the
folding-room ?
Mr. MASON. Four messengers and two la-
borers permanent, and the remaining work is to
be done by the piece, as it has been done hereto-
fore. As suggested by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Nichols,] addition to this force is left to
the discretion of the committee. Sometimes, as
he remarked, there is a necessity for a much larger
force than that provided. At a session before a
presidential election there is a great deal more
work to be done than at any other time. Then,
in the discretion of the committee, the force may
be increased. It was increased at the last session,
and the Doorkeeper continued it at this session,
when the necessity for it had ceased to exist. The
committee has done away with it.
The gentleman from Tennessee has inquired as
to the clerical force of the House. Before reply-
ing, I will make the remark that as yet no mem-
ber has objected that officers could not be em-
ployed here at the salaries we have agreed upon.
Some members object that it will cut down the
salaries of some of the clerks. None object that
men could not be employed at the price fixed. It
is certain that if you take the prices we have fixed,
then there will not be a surplus sufficient to en-
able the clerks to employ substitutes; and it is a
good system wherein they are prevented from
doing so. The salaries fixed in this bill are ade-
quate to employ men who are anxious and capa-
ble of discharging the requisite duties. We can
obtain men at these salaries with steady hands and
willing hands, who will not be above the work
confided to them. I give my own experience as
well as that of other gentlemen. I was chairman
of the Committee of Accounts, commencing eight
years ago. I was then acquainted with almost
every employe about tins Capitol. The messen-
gers then received §2 12§ a day, and they were
in number then not one half what they are now.
They did five times as much work, and they did
it well and to the satisfaction of members. There
was no trouble or complaint of them. I never
heard, when the salaries were at the price I have
named, that our committee rooms and our docu-
ment rooms were robbed of the public property.
When the officers are paid high salaries, high
enough to employ substitutes, and they go off
and leave the public property in charge of these
substitutes, we can hardly expect anything else.
We have five committees looking into the doings
of the last Congress. My opinion is that we
should set our own house to rights, and be pure
ourselves, before charging evil practices upon
others.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire
whether our own Doorkeeper is not unjustly and
falsely before a committee of this House, under
the charge that he is selling places here—places
that are so desirable that people are willing to buy
them'
Mr. MASON. I know nothing of the charge.
Mr. FLORENCE. It strikes me that to pre-
vent men from stealing, we should pay them
enough to live upon.
Mr. MASON. I will answer the gentleman.
Let us pay our officers enough to live upon, but not
enough beside to enable them to employ substii
tutes, who are not to be depended on.
Mr. BURNETT. By the fourth section of the
bill I see that it is proposed to give five clerks
$1,800 a year, three clerks $1,400 a year, and
four clerks $1,200 a year. I understand that the
duties of these clerks, except the enrolling and
engrossing clerks, are precisely similar. If they
are, then why the necessity for this classifica-
tion of $1,800 clerks, $1,400 clerks, and $1,200
clerks ?
Mr. MASON. Well, the gentleman says that
he has understood that these clerks do the same or
similar services, and have the same responsibility,
and are paid different prices; and he asks why
that is done ? In the first place, I can tell him that
he is misinformed as to the services they have to
render. There are eight clerks here who are left
by the bill at the salaries which they have here-
tofore received. We do not reduce them at all.
They remain as heretofore; but I understand that
none of them have resigned bccause the pay was
too small. I understand, on the contrary, that one
of them who was discharged has been very glad
to get back again.
Mr. FLORENCE. On the principle, I sup-
pose, that half a loaf is better than no bread.
Mr. MASON. No, sir; but because the sal-
ary, which was $1,500 under Whig rule, and
was raised to $1,800 under Democratic rule, has
been subsequently raised to $2,160. But having
answered the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
desire now to answer my colleague. We place
five of the principal clerks in the Clerk's office at
$1,800, and two at $2,160. That was the rate at'
which they have been heretofore paid. Their sal-
aries were increased to that rate by adding twenty
per cent, to their salaries several years ago, in
consequence of the advanced prices of living in
Washington. Sir, the price paid would command ■
the best services in the country in this depart-
ment; and they, and you, and I,"and everybody,
may be well assured of that. If you put the pay
at a rate which will command the best services ill
the country, is not that high enough ? If you put
it higher than that, what is the conscquence?
You put the pay at patronage prices. You put
the prices so high , that a Clerk is elected here,
like the President, to administer patronage and
dispose of high-salaried offices. And so it is with
the Doorkeeper. Members of Congress go to the
Doorkeeper to ask patronage for their friends.
I do not know that they bow obsequiously to
him to obtain appointments, but I know that the
Doorkeeper is almost as much beset as is the
President himself in distributing the loaves and
fishes that come under his care. You put the
Clerk and the Doorkeeper in the position of dis-
tributers of patronage, instead of fixing the sal-
aries at a rate that will command the best services
in the country. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Smith] objects to this bill, and to any decrease of
these salaries. Why, sir, the Governor of his
own State—a gentleman who has been a member
of this House, one who has a high reputation for
military achievements, a true and honest man—
gets only $1,500 a year. The chief justice of the
supreme court of his State gets only $1,200; for
all the mental and physical labor of presiding over
the court of last resort of the State of Illinois, he
gets only $1,200 a year; whilst you give your
common messengers here $1,500 or $1,750.
But my colleague asks me why we put three of
these clerks at $1,500 and the others at higher
salaries? We doit because the other five have the
direction of the three; and those who have the di-
rection of others are certainly entitled to a higher
rate of compensation for the additional care and
responsibility entailed on them. Then, there are
four other clerks who were formerly messengers,
but were sometimes employed as copying clerks.
The Clerk told us that he should prefer that they
should be called clerks, because he said that he
could employ their services better as clerks than
messengers; so we put them down as clerks and
gave him three additional messengers. If we have
not understood the Clerk of the House upon the
subject, it is because he has not chosen to be com-
municative to us. We asked him privately to aid
us in this thing, and he made some suggestions.
We supposed that we had given him a sufficient
force, and that he could command the services ne-
cessary in his department for the prices fixed in ■
