1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3039
am conscious that if the proposition had been j
made at an t'arlv poition of the session, it would !
]mv<- elicited di bate at great length; but there iy '
no to indulge in discussion now on this sub-
ject. I presume every Senator's mind is made
up on it, and as there is so much business to be !
done, I hope a vote will be taken ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a word
upon the point which has been suggested to the ,
Chair m relation to the right of dividing the vote. 1
1 understand perfectly well that by the rules of :
parliamentary order the report of a committee of i
conffunce is indivisible; but I submit to the J
Chair and to the Senate whether this be really the i
report of a committee of conference. I will ex- |
plain what I mean: in ordinary circumstances a
committee of conference between the two Houses, ;
meeting together on theirdisagseeing votes, comes '■
to some terms ofcompromise by which each House ;
gVantmg and oach House insisting upon some- [
thins:, an agreement is entered into, which, in its :
very nature, is indivisible*, because what is asked ,
by one is conceded by the other only in consid- ,
eration of some concession in return. But now
three gentlemen have been appointed from each '
House, and have met together; they are called a
committee of conference, and our members come
back here to report to us, and the members from :
the House go back to report to the House. What !
has the House got to vote on ? If it is a report |
of a committee of conference, each House must
have to vote upon it. The House of Represent- ,
atives has nothing to vote upon. Can the House ■
be asked to vote that the Senate recede from its
amendments?
?Jr. FESSENDEN. It votes to accept the j
report. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not that pure mockery?
Is it not clear that this is not m the True sense of
the woid the report of a committee of conference, 1
but rather the return to us of our committee of
confei-'iiee, with a recommendation that in their
judgment \vp ought to recede from the amend- ,
inents which we have tendered to the House. The
House has nothing: to vote upon. Nothing is roe- |
Q*nm#mded to the House. Th« proposition is to ;
the Senate to reccde from all its amendments, and
leave the bill as it was. That is essentially di- '
visible m us vry nature. :
Mr. FESSENDSN". The Senator will allow
me to ask him a question. What is more com-
mon than one single amendment made to a bill r
One House or the other must recede. Is not that
something to vole upon:
Mr. KKNJAMIN. The House that has not to i
recede has nothing to vote upon. Does not the
Senator see at once that if wo vote, on the recom-
mendation of this committer*, to recede from our
amendments, the bill is passed; there is nothing
for the other House to vote upon?
Mr. HUNTER. Would not that be the case
if there was only one amendment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HUNTER. Would you say there could ,
be no report from a committee ofconfcience wheie
theiv wa«5 one amendment? ;
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not say that a com-
mittee of conference does not come in and report
what it has done; but I say that here, what has ,
been done m committee is a matter on which one '
House alone has to act; that is iO say. whether it
will or will not recede from its own amendments,
and that, from t lie very nature of the case, is divis-
ible. 1 cannot conceive upon what ground we are
called upon to vote upon three or four amend-
ments in block, under some supposed exigency ■
of a parliamentary nile. I want a \ote on these
amendments separately. I agiee with gentlemen ,
that if the 1 louse insists that it wi'l not increase
the rate of" po&Mge for the purpose of raising the .
revenue, \vi cannot insist on our part that the
House shall agree 1" that; but if the House call !
upon us to \ ote ^3,o(H),01iU out ol the public
Trensurv for the purpose ol carrying the mail,
we have"a ruiht to say we want less mail-matter
carried that does not p«iy, so that this deficiency
may not exist hereafter. \vc ha\e alright to sa\
that we desire that the Postmaster General shah
have a chance of reducing the expenditure by ie-
duein::, us the Senator fiom Mississippi has ex-
plained to us, the service from four-hoise post-
coach seivice tohoiseback service in many pans
of tin* country where the mail is used for no other
purpose than for carrying lianked documen.s.
i Upon that I am willing to make a stand, and
| desirous of making a stand, that the House shall
' increase the revenue or dimmish the expenditure
! as we propose, or that they shall propose some
; mode themselves. I think we ought to vote upon
| these distinct propositions, for each proposition
| is as distinct as it can be. An ordinary report
I from a committee of conference cannot be divided
i into distinct propositions, and that is the reason
! it is indivisible; it is put together; in its very na-
I ture it is indivisible. You cannot make a com-
j promise by voting that you will take what is
■ granted to you, and reject what you are to give
i up in return. But when the proposition to the
i Senate is to recede from all us amendments, it
i appears to me that a rule of that kind, to use a
| legal phrase, perhaps not exactly intelligible m
| ordinary language, is insensible; that is, it has
I no sense in it. I cannot conceive why we shall
1 not be allowed to insist on one of our amend-
i ments and recede from the other.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to the
point of order, the Chair will suggest that it is
unnecessary to debate it further. Unless some
action by the Senate shall be taken, the Chair de-
cides that this report of the committee of confer-
ence cannot, at this time, be altered or divided,
but must be accepted or rejected. If voted down ■
it will be in the power of the Senate to vote on >
the amendments separately.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate vote down the '
report, they can then vote on the separate propo- ;
sitions.
Mr. BAYARD. No one knows better than 1
myself the resources of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana. He has shifted his ground en- ;
tirely, and gone off on a collateral question as to
the separation of the report of a committee of
conference, a thing never heard of before in this
body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator wilt allow
me to suggest that the Chair has decided that
question.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that precisely.
1 know exactly what he has decided, and I do
not mean to continue the debate unnecessarily at
all; and the Chair having decided that, it is not
necessary to enter into the fallacy, which 1 think ,
derogates from the argument of the Senator from
Louisiana on that point—the assumption that the
committee of conference is solely found* d on the
: idea of a compromise. It is founded on com- ^
panson of opinion, with a view to bring about a ;
, result.
| I shall not attempt to enter into that now; but
j T wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
■ fallacy of the argument connected with the im-
portance of these questions. If they were so im- .
portant as they are deemed to be—and I do not ■
mean to underrate them—and if it was so neces-
sary to coerce the House of Representatives, wliy
is it that, in the course of this session, no one
member of tins body has thought it necessary,
until the last day of the session but two, to make ,
any motion in reference to the increase of post- i
age or the abandonment of the franking privilege ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken.
The Senator from Virginia. [Mr. Hunter,] in the
■ early part of the session, introduced a bill, which ,
i was referred to the Post Oihce Committee, and
| they have never got at it yet.
i Mr. BAYARD. It was never reported on, I
| think.
5 Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at ail.
i Mi. BAYARD. It was oniy introduced by a
single member.
i Mr. BENJAMIN. It was a hill to modify the
1 franking privilege and increase the rates ofpost-
i age.
; Mr. BAYARD. The subject was worthy of
■ attention in a separate bill. The franking privi-
! lege has stood from the foundation of the Gov-
, ernment, and therefore it cannot be that there are
! no arguments in suppoit of it. The system of
' reduced postages has stood for many years past.
On the last day but one of the session the Senate
' insists that the House of Representatives shall, as
a condition for passing a necessary hill for the
support of the Government, enter into and discuss
all these matters. I stated before that I think
there ought to he some increase of postage; but
it ought to come before us in a proper bnl by it-
! self. *1 know of no more dangerous doctrine than
■ I have heard Senators advocate on tins bill—that
it is proper for us to tell the House of Represent-
atives that they are not performing their duty,
and that it is our right to coerce the House of
Representatives. A more dangerous precedent
cannot be set by this body than to refuse to adopt
tins report of the committee of conference in that
view of the case.
Mr. YULEE. I consider it due to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to make
an explanation in reference to a remark made by
the Senator from Louisiana. I understand the
Senator from Louisiana to call attention to the
fact that the subject of the increase of postage had
been referred to'the Committee on the Post Office,
and had laid there.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So I understand.
Mr. YULEE. I think it proper, in behalf of
the committee, to state that the subject was con-
sidered by the committee, and the judgment they
came to was, that it was not expedient to propose
action -at the present session; but, inasmuch aa
they did design to consider the subject further,
and to report at some time, they preferred to re-
tain the bill with a view to action at the next ses-
sion.
I will say, also, that the same course was
adopted in reference to the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. I introduced myself, at an early
period of the session, a resolution calling the at-
tention of the committee to the propriety of report-
ing a bill for the repeal of the franking privilege.
It was referred to the committee; and they took
the same view in respect to that as in regard to the
other—that it would be better to consider it further,
and wait until the next session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AIIph, Bayard, Dialer, Blight, Chandler,
Chngnwn, Co'lamei, Cmtomlen, Dixon. Doohttle, Dmkee,
Fes^euden, Toot, Foster, Gwin. Hale, Ilailan, Houston,
Hunter, Kennedy, King, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
R'.nl. Seward. Simmons, Thompson of Kentucky, Trum-
bull,'Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—33
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Broderick, Brown, C!av,
Davi-s, Douglas, Fitch, Hammond, Johnson of Aikan«as,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Pn^h. Slid ell. Stuart, Thom-
son of New Jeisey, Toomh-,and Wade—17.
So the report was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allek, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 652) to repeal
the second .section of the act entitled " An act to
establish certain post roads," approved June 14,
1858; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
Mr. SEIDELL. 1 otTer a resolution which I
hope may be immediately considered. It is one
that has been passed for three or four years, and
has been found very much to facilitate business.
Mr. MASON". I rise to preserve the order of
the Senate. I understood we were in executive
session, and the doors were opened for the lime
onlv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The doors were
opened on motion, and we are in open session.
The resolution of Mr. Slidell was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to, as follows:
lZesohed, That all subjects before the Senate at the close
of the present -eei, including f!to=-e before eoiruinuee-i,
shall he command to me in xt -e^ion, and sh.tU then be
proceeded v.i:h ;;i tee -an:" inamie: a& it no adjournment
of die Senate had taken place, and tlie papers winch have
been iefetted to the committee*. and may be 111 their pos-
sesion, at the e|o-e of the -e^.-ion, shad be retained intoTm-
ally to the Seeiet.m. ami by him icstored to the commit-
tees when appointed at the next session.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator will give
way, to allow the passage of a House bill.
Mr. MASON. I should be glad to ask for the
passage of House bills myself.
Mr. BAYARD. It wiil not take two minutes,
and it is important for the administration of jus-
tice in the TViritones of' the United States.
The Y^CE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire m rela-
tion to the light-house appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is upon the table.
Mr. CLA.Y. I will inform the Senator from
Vcnrcont, that it cannot pf.ss, and lie need not
