930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
-a mail delivered in addition to the mails now sent
to them. The Postmaster said that his force was
equal only to the present service, and that it would
take another wagon and horse to perform this
service. After an examination, we thought that
this service was necessary, and we allowed an-
other messenger at three dollars a day, and a horse
and wagon at $2 50 a day during the time of ser-
vice.
The gentleman from North Carolina has ex-
plained fully in reference to the Doorkeeper's em-
ployes.
1 would not have this bill put upon its passage,
were it not thaUl>know gentlemen have not read
the bill which was printed and laid before them.
They will not go through these long reports any j
more a week hence than they will now. I am
not obnoxious to ft#©hj|ge of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. War®,] that this measure is
pressed to make ca|HtaJa;t home. I need no such
capital. I do not wisfi*io put the Government to
the expense of publishing a large amount of these
reports. They have been already published.
Gentlemen who may desire it will get whatever |
of knowledge there is on the subject from the '
report in the Whig House of Representatives,
made in 1841. The principles set forth in that |
report are as good now as they were then 'Under j
that repoit, the men who were appointed dis-
charged the duties of their offices themselves, and
did not allow them to be discharged by substi-
tutes.
Why should this question be postponed ? Is
it of such magnitude and importance? Does it
involve millions? Is it of such character that it
should not be considered now? Let it be done
now. If it works badly, why next December we
can change it again. If it works weli, then we
shall have discharged a simple duty, and in doing
this, we may set an example to the other depart-
ments of the Government. It may induce them
also to pursue a system of economy. And who
can doubt that unless we have virtue and economy
in our republican system of Government we shall
lapse into corruption and ruin at no distant day ?
Let us take the beam out of our own eye before
we look to the mote in (he eye in another branch
of the Government. When we have set our own
house right, we will be in better condition to look
into the affairs of other branches of the Govern-
ment.
The question recurred on the motion that the
subject be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUFF1N demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; ancLit was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays o5; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adraui,Ahl, Arnold, Avery, BilHnghuist,
Bishop, Blair, Bowie, lirayton, Butfimon, Burinigame,
Burn**, Burroughs, Ca&kie. Chapman, John B Clark, Claw-
son, Clemens, Clingman, John Cochrane. (Jockerill, Oollax,
Comins, Cox, James Craig, Burton Crai^e, Curry, Damrell,
DavicUon, Davis of Indiana, Oavi  ofMissiPsippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davve^, Dean, Dexvart, Dummck, Dowdnll,
Durfee,Edmundson, English, Florence, Foley, Fostei, Gid-
dings, Oilman, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
Grow, J. Morrison Harris, Ilat=kin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hick-
man, Howard, Huyler, Jewett, J. Glanev Jones, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, KeJsey, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C.
Kunkel, Lamar, Lawrence, Leidy, Leitcr, Lovejoy, IVIat-
teson,Maynard, Miles, MoutgomHy.Mott, Nielio's,"Phelp*,
Pottle, ReiHy, Russell,Scott, Searing, Seward,Aaron Shaw,
Robert Smith, Samuel A. "Smith, Stallworth, James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thomp-
son, Ward, Warren, Watkins, White, Winteley, Winslow,
Woodson, and Wortendvke—100.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Bliss, Boeock, Botiham, Bojce, Bryan, Burnett, Case, Clay,
Cobb, Covode, Cragm. Crawford. Curtis, Davis of Maryland,
Dick, Dodd, Elliott, Faulkner, fVnton, Garirell, Gilmer,
Goode, Goodwin, Robert B. II,ill, Harlan, Ilitl, Hoard,
Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, George W.
Jones, Kent, Kilszore, Knapp, Lea«*h, Letcher, McQueen,
Mason, Miller, Miilson, Morgan, Morrill, [saac N. Moins,
Freeman H. Mors^, Niblack, Parker, Pendleton, Peyton,
Pike, Potter, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, ltitchie, Bobbins,
Royee, Ruffin, Sandidge, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Shorter, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
venson, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood,
Wade, WaJbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Wood, Augustus R. Wright. John V. Wright,
and Zolhcoffer—85.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the«
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Pending the above call,
Mr. PETTIT stated that he had paired off with
Mr5. Stf.phevs, of Gporgia. '
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES stated that Mr. Tal-
bot, of Kentucky, was detained at his room by j
illness. I
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. WARREN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is not the motion to re-
consider debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether it is in order to move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the consideration of the subject, and
that it be recommitted to the Committee of Ac-
counts with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
Jable.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the House is desirous i
to receive reporis from committees I will not make !
the motion that the House resolve itself into the I
! Committee of i lie Whole on the statu of the Union. 1
Mr. CLINGMAN. We are anxious to make ]
reports. I call for the regular order. j
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will not make the motion j
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union until the morning hour has expired i
Mr. SEWARD. I call up the motion to re- j
consider the vote by which the House referred !
Senate resolution No. 3, to extend and define I
the authority of the President under the act ap-
proved January 16,1857, entitled " An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy in respect to
dropped and retired naval officers," to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, at the time T made the motion to
reconsider I did so to accommodate some gentle-
men of the Naval Committee, who were at the
time absent from the House.
Mr. BLISS. Let us hear the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution of the
Senate was taken up some time since, read twice,
ond referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The gentleman from
Georgia moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was so referred. He now calls up that
motion to reconsider.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia desires to debate the resolution, let the re-
consideration take place, and let it be made the
special order for some day certain. I shall then
be happy to hear the gentleman. 1 do not desire
to force this measure upon the House The joint
resolution has not yet been printed;and in order
that members may understand it, I desire that it
shall be printed and made the special order for
some day certain.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state that I
am entirely disposed to arrange this matter in any
manner that may be convenient to the gentleman
or to the House. I think the joint resolution is
in a very proper position in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. There it can
be amended, and I have a substitute which I de-
sire to offer. I rose, therefore, for the purpose of
moving to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. That will leave the measure in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
will send my substitute up so that it can be printed
with the joint resolution, and then the gentleman
from Georgia can fix any day he chooses for the
consideration of the propositions.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have no objection to that.
I hope the House will make the joint resolution
the special order for Tuesday next, and order it,
together with the substitute, to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notunder-
stand the gentleman from Georgia as making any
motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, and that the
bill and substitute be printed. ij
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I trust the gentle- '!
man will withdraw that motion. I will renew it. '!
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw it. !{
The SPEAKER. As a matter of course, the !i
substitute of the gentleman from Virginia cannot
now be received, inasmuch-as the joint resolution
is in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to say but
a few words upon the pending question. I am
opposed to the motion to reconsider. I think the
joint resolution was properly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. It
ought not, in my judgment, to pass this House.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to say that I made
the motion to reconsider, to accommodate the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs^
supposing that I could control it at any time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand that
the gentleman from Ohio desires to discuss the
pending; question. I understand that the gentle-
man from Georgia desires its postponement. If
the gentleman will allow me, I will move to post-
pone this subject until Monday next, or some
other day, so that the committees may now be
called for reports.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 have no objec-
tion to the motion to reconsider being postponed,
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman d oes not un-
derstand my proposition. I ask the House to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. After the reconsideration shall have taken
place, I propose to make the joint resolution the
special order for Tuesday next, and to have it
printed. The gentleman from Virginia can get
ins substitute in, and have it printed also.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I cannotaccede to
the request of the gentleman from Georgia, that
the vote shall be reconsidered, because I think the
contest should be made on the motion to recon-
sider. I think that the joint resolution has been
properly referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that it should be
discussed on its merits on the motion to recon-
sider. I do not wish to discuss the question now;
and if the motion to reconsideris to be laid upon
the table, 1 do not wish to enter into the discus-
sion at all; and for the purpose of testing the sense
of the House, I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the t ble.
Mr. M1LLSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELSEY callcd for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tollers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. M1LLS0N called for tellers on the motion
to lay on the table.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrp. Edie and
Letcher were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G5, noes 67.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The question is
now, I suppose, before the House on reconsider-
ation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question is
on referring to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. That is the motion that
was reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The vote just taken was
on the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider. The question on reconsideration is
still pending'.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Thai, I believe,
opens the merits of the proposition for consider-
ation. I desire to submit a few observations on
the measure itself—and a very few.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to appeal
to the gentleman from Maryland to allow me to
make a motion to postpone the question to some
other day. The committees are all, or many of
them",'ready to report; and I have a great desire,
after the call of committees, to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will not detain
the House long; and I prefer, if my friend from
Pennsylvania will allow me, to submit now the
very few observations that 1 desire to make; and
then the gentleman can make any motion he may
desire.
Mr. Speaker, the Congress before the last passed
what was in my judgment a very wise bill* for
