THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1G, 1858.
VNew Series. .. .No. 191.
part of the session. The Post Office Committee
have had frequent conferences about it. We have
conferred with the Postmaster General and sev-
eral of the superintendents of railroads on this
route; and instead of being a surprise or a trick,
it has been a thing long considered by the com-
mittee, in perfect fairness and in an earnest and
honest desire to increase the mail facilities with-
out expense. I will do the honorable chairman
of the Post Office Committee the credit to say that
he has volunteered a good deal of anxiety to ex-
pedite mails in the West, and far beyond the cir- j j
cle of his immediate influence and action, and ;|
nothing could be fairer than this proposition, and j
nothing more unfounded and unjust than an inti- ],
mation that there was anything unfair and dis- I
honest, or concealed, about it.
Mr. BIGLER. I want to say a word of ex-
planation, in justice to the Senator from Florida ,i
as well as myself. I was present in the House ,j
of Representatives this morning when this sub- j
ji*ct was discussed in a circle of members. Being 'j
known as a member of the Post Office Committee, J
] was appealed to to know whether I understood j
the subject. I was bound to reply that 1 did not; j
that 1 was not present when it was considered. !
The Senator from Florida remarked that the com- j
mittee unanimously agreed to the report. He j
means, of course, those who were present. '!
Mr. YULEE. They were all present, except i
yourself, sir.  
Mr BIGLER. I was not present, and I so ;
stated on the occasion referred to. I was engaged
on a committee of conference, and knew nothing
of the section. This much is due in justice to
mvseif.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other motion
be made, the bill from the IXouse of Represent-
atives will be referred to the Committee on the ,
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN. As a member of the Post Office ,
Committee, I should like to say a word.
Mr. MASON. If it is by way of personal ex-
planation. I yield.
Mr. GWIN. I want to say that this matter
was before the committee. It was new to me
when it was discussed before, and I thought it
referred entirely to expediting mails by the rail- !
roads touching at New York and the other cities ,
going down. . 1
Mr.YULEE. Exactly. That is the whole of it.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads
Mr. YULEE subsequently submitted the fol-
lowing report: ,
That the section referred to was intended to call t!ie at-
tention of the Po-tmastei Geneial to piovidms tor the most ;
snped\ and certain tran^poitation ot the great commercial
niail timwemi ttH' extremes of lUc Union; that it did not
IL: to in escribe any mnte to the tie,,ailment, nor to
c,eif fii.i loute, but Minply to recommend expedition of
the mail upon such route- as may be employed liy the De-
partment, .11 confoinnty with the law for transporting mans,
u herever the point* designated may be. .
The committee report further that the purpose o, the
provision ot the section which required one in the d.ii >
■ nails to pass through as many sea board commercial cm -s
as inuilit he consistent with the greatest dispatch, was to
include ill the benefits of such improvements as the i-le-
paitme.it tnisht adopt as many commeici.il cities as m. i t
lie consent with the leadine design ol expedition. Miai
provision was deemed advisable became the greatmass.of
torei"ii exchange is created in these cities, and i\e 5 horn
of deiav in the tinnsimssioii of sueli mattei 13 a commer-
cial loos; and inasmuch as the foreign mails depaitfrom
New Yoik. Hostim, and Portland, and a large pait of foi-
eeni lull- m inmate at New Orleans and the other southern
C1UI-, reaulainv and certainty in the communication be-
tween thi-e points (ineltldinsf Portland.^msinimth.^alem,
Boston, New York, rinladelplnli, Kaltimoie, Notlo K. A ■
exainii 1:1. Richmond. Petersburg VWInungton, Chaileston,
anil [Savannah) "ere of gieat public interest.
The h'21-liUion proposed to be lepealed tliej cm id r
advisable, and unanimously reconiuienu that the hill do not
pass.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I renew the motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
liustnos1^
Mr.' BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator from
Virginia to permit me to offer a resolution of in-
quiry.
191
Mr. MASON, I have been obliged to decline
a like request from the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope we shall suspend
going into executive session for five minutes, to
let us offer these little resolutions.
The motion for an executive session was not
agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted thefollowingres-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to caufce to be prepared and submitted to the Sen-
ate, at the commencement of the next session, a li^i in tab-
ular form setting forth—
1st. Thy names ot such complainants or claimant1?, citi-
zens of the United States, as have preferred complaint^ or
claims agaiuft foreign Governments to the executive de-
partment of the Government for aggressions or spoliations
or other demand* against such Governments.
2d. The amount claimed.
3d. A brief abstract of the nature of the claim and the ac-
tion of the Executive in relation thereto.
4th. The result of such action, and the amount of the
satisfaction obtained, if any; said list to commence on the
1st of Januaiy, 1816.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON" THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a committee to join such committee as
may be appointed by the Senate to wait on the
President of the United States and inform him
that, unless he may have some further communi-
cation to make, Congress has finished the busi-
I ness before it, and is ready to close its present
j session by an adjournment sine die; and had ap-
pointed Mr. Samuel A. Smith, Mr. John 0.
kunkel,and Mr. Lawrence M. Keitt the com-
mittee on its part.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER the resolution was
concurred in, and the Vice President was author-
ized to appoint the committee on the part of the
Senate. Mr. Bigj.f.r and Mr. Foot were ap-
pointed.
SENATORIAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the following resolu-
tion, and ask that it may be now considered:
Ilesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciniv bein-
sfiwfed to inquire into the ovppdioricy of legislation by
Confess to regulate the election of Senatois o! the United
States, and that ihoy leport by bill or otherwise.
The reason for offering the resolution appears
on its face, and I will therefore merely say that
I am restrained from inquiring as freely as I desire
into such questions as arise in relation to the elec-
tion of Senators, by the respect I have for the
voice of a State whenever she speaks. Congress
has heretofore forborne to legislate, and Senators
have been elected in such a contrariety of methods,
that it can. hardly now be said that we have a
precedent. I think it desirable, therefore, that
there should be legislation; that there should be
some uniformity ot rules; that hereafter we may
not have questions conflicting with the authority
of the State, or destructive of the rights of the
Senate. 1 . „ ,
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the resolution will ue
taken up for immediate consideration, by unani-
mous consent.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS,
j Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
: agreed to:
1 Retired* That the paper* in the following ca<es be wifh-
I a .«\vn ftoin the files of the Senate, and iciened to tn™™*
■ o'' the Commissioner of Pensions, as they ;uo provuu u Joi
1 in the recent act of Confess '• continuing hilt pay to cer-
lain widows and oipluiis'-Catliariiie do.un. ivat ...nne
M liaiuer, Elizabeth Momoe, Louimi Jit-mii. ALugaiet
1 McGime, Sarah Smearf, Elizabeth Spear, ILmiiah Tnomp-
■ sou, Saiah A. Watson. Mary Walsh.
i On motion of Mr. MALLOR\, it was
: Ordered. That Samuel Jame«, Ignatius. Lucas, Chailes
| TiUey. siiiti Thomas S. Dingey, have leave to withdraw their
; petitions and papers.
i On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
j Ordered, That Sherlock & Shirley have leave to with-
j diaw their petition and papers.
i stationery of senators.
! Mr. IVERSON. I offer (lie following resolu-
\ tion, and ask for its consideration:
; Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he directed to
inqinie into, and prepare, during the recess, a statement of
the amount uf stationery, and the cost thereof, which was
j lnrni-bed to each member of the Senate duiing the iast
Congress and the present session, and repoit the same to
; the Senate at the commencement of the next session; and
' that hi. also report the amount of stationery purchased for
i the use of the Senate at each session of the last and present
Congresses.
1 I will simply state my object in this resolution,
j It is not to make capital out of anything of this
kind, but to found upon it a proposition, at the
! next session, to make a commutation for postage
! as well as the stationery of each member.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
j consent, and agieed to.
j executive session.
| On motion of Mr. STUART, (at one o'clock
| and forty-five minutes, p. m.,) the'Senate proceed-
I ed to the consideration of executive business; and
the doors were reopened at two o'clock and fif-
j teen minutes.
I FINAL. ADJOURNMENT.
! A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following; resolution, in
1 which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
Resolved, (the Senate eoncuriing,) That the President of
; the Senate and the Speaker of tile House of Representa-
i tives adjourn then-respective Houses, sine die, tins day, at
j half past two o'clock, p. m.
| enrolled bill signed.
! The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 59) enti-
tled, " An act in relation to courts and the hold-
ing of the terms thereof, in the several Territo-
ries of the United States;" and it was signed by
the Vice President.
bills become laws.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had signed and approved, on the 11th in-
stant, the following acts:
i An act for the relief of certain purchasers of
! lands within the limits of the Choctaw cession of
! 1830;
! All act for the relief of settlers on certain lands
j in the State of Illinois;
An act for the relief of John Sawyer, a soldier
of the war of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of William S. Bradford;
and
I An act to change the times of holding the spring
1 term of the disti ict court of the United States for
I the western district of the State of Texas.
' He, also, on the 12th instant, approved " An
; act for the relief of Nancy Magill, of Ohio."
Anil on this day the following acts:
: An act making appropriations for the service
1 of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
; year ending the 30th of June, 1859; and
An act to authorize a loan not exceeding the
sum of $"20,!)(j0,000.
i thanks to the vice president.
!■ Mr SEWARD, (Mr. Mason occupying the
I chair,) submitted the following resolution; which
j was unanimously agreed to:
i Resolve,1, That the thanks of the Senate are unanimously
1 tendered to the Hon. Jons C. Breckimridce ior the rtig-
1 iiirv and mip.inmlm v.'iih wlucii lie lias discharged the
duties of Pie-idiug c'llieer of this body.
j election of president pro tempore.
! Mr. SL1DELL. Understanding that, accord-
in" to custom, the Vice President has vacated the
; chair, I offer the following resolution:
i Resolved. (The Vice President being absent.) That the
j Senate now pioeeed to the election of a President of the
j Senate pro tempore.
j The resolution was agreed to.
