304-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Hon. Benjamin
Fjtzpatrick be President of the Senate unless
some Senator demands a ballot.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will merely state for the
information of the Senator from Ohio, that it
was, after full consideration, deemed desirable in
this case that the Senate should adhere to the
established rule upon the subject. 1 have no
sort of objection, however, to dispensing with a
ballot.
Mr. PUGH. If any Senator demands a ballot
I shall not object. ["Ballot!" "Ballot!"]
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Toombs
in the chair.) Senators will prepare their ballots.
The ballots having been collected and canvassed,
the result was declared as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 48; necessary to
a choice, 25; of which—
Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick received 37
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden.*............. 9
Hon. David C. Broderiek   2
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Mr. Fjtzpat-
rick having received thirty-seven votes, a major-
ity of the whole number of votes cast, is therefore
duly elected President pro tempore of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore having been con-
ducted to the chair by Mr. Crittenden arid Mr.
Bright, said: Senators, I am gratified by this re-
newal of your confidence; and I assure you that
I will endeavor, to the best of my ability, to dis-
charge the duties of the chair faithfully and im-
partially.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered>by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary inform the Picsidentofthe
United States, and the Hou&e of Representatives that (the
Vice President being absent) the Senato has chosen the
Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick President of the Senate pro
tempore.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. The House of Representatives
have passed a resolution to adjourn at half past
two o'clock. It is that hour now. They are ex-
ceedingly anxious to get away. The President,
it is understood, will call us together to-morrow
for executive business. We cannot to-day, by
any possibility, transact any other public busi-
ness. I hope the Senate will concur in that res-
olution, and let them off. They are almost crazy
.to get away.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. JONES. 1 made a privileged motion some
time since which I desire 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom Georgia uses to a point of order* He will
state his point of order.
Mr. IVERSON. If it requires unanimous con-
sent to consider the resolution of the House of
Representatives, I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
Chair thinks it cannot be considered.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. STUART. We only went temporarily
into open session for the purpose of making this
election, and I suppose we may now resume the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. IVERSON. We are now in open session,
and I want to offer a resolution of which I gave
notice on a former occasion, and I ask for its
present consideration:
Resolved, That the annual compensation of the clerk to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia shall be the
same as that of the clerk to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MASON. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, th<> resolution iies ovpr under the rule.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion lies over under the rub'.
Mr. IVERSON". No, sji; I gave notice pre-
viously that I would olf'cr the resolution; and
therefore it does not corn'-1 under the rule. I have
a right to have it considered at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform tlm Senator from Georgia that all
resolutions appropriating money are required to
be consideied on three separate days, if insisted
on.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is insisted on.
Mr. IVERSON. It does not appropriate any
money. It increases a salary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It proposes to
increase the salary of an officer.
The resolution was laid over.
ACTION OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. HALE submitted the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas, the Presidentof the United States has informed
the Senate that he would approve no bills which he had not
examined, and recommended that two days previous to the
adjournment of each session should be allowed to the Presi-
dent within which no new bill should be presented to htm
for his approval, and at the same time has reseived the
nomination of many officers (who liave for months been in
the offices for which they have been nominated) until the
last two days of the session :
Resolved, That the President be respectfully informed
that it will be agreeable to the Senate if, in his future ex-
ecutive communications to the Senate, he would accord to
them the same time for deliberation which he deems neces-
sary for himself.
Mr. SLIDELL. Is it in order to consider that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not if ob-
jected to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to it.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the clerks of the standing committee of
the Senate, who are temporary, be continued for sixty days
alter the close of the present session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot be considered to-day.
REGIMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel that it is my duty to call
the attention of the Senate to a House bill lying
on the table,and which frequent applications are
made to me to take up. It, is the bill (H. R. No.
567) to provide for the defense of Texas.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it unnecessary that
the Senate should proceed to the consideration
of that bill. It is a bill to appropriate $4,000,000
for the payment of three regiments of volunteers
authorized by a previous act of Congress. The
Senator fiom Mississippi will move to strike out
" two," and leave itan appropriation only for the
regiment of Texas rangers. For my own part, I
consider that unnecessary. The President has
intimated in very strong; language that it is unne-
cessary to have even that regiment. The war
with Utah is closed; the war with the Florida In-
dians is closed; and we can send to Texas as
many regiments as we desire. We can cover over
that whole State with regiments of the regular
Armyif neccssary. It is unnecessary to consider
the bill, I am opposed to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not consume the time of
the Senate by arguing the merits of the bill on the
question of taking it up. Senators are as well in-
formed as I am. If they do not choose to take it
up, very well. If they do, I can answer the re-
marks of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think, myself, if they could
get this regiment of Texas rangers, and dispense
with that many regulars, it would be a great ad-
vantage to the country. J hope the Senate^ will
take up the bill. We have nearly four hours left,
and I think there is time enough to devote some
time to the defense of the country.
Mr. IVERSON. How should we dispense
with the regular troops by raising a regiment of
volunteers r
Mr. HOUSTON. I will make but one observa-
tion. The Indians from above us cross the bound-
ary of Texas, and depredate on our citizens. With
a proper force of rangers on our frontiers, they
could notcross over, and steal horses and commit
depredations. Tex\s has remonstrated against
this condition of things, and regular troops cannot
prevent it Those troop*? are in forts or stations,
and the Indians pass a few m.Ies beyond them,
and go into the settlements, commit then* deore-
daiions, and return with their plunder and with
their scalps. That is the situation in winch we
are placed. We want a regiment of rangers to
pursue them, and try to remedy the evil.' That
3S the object.^ It is necessary to our salvation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to take up the bill indicated by
the Senator from Mississippi,
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the Senate again
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and an hour having been spent therein, the
doors were reopened.
RECONSIDERATION.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the vote or-
dering the printing of the communications of the
Postmaster General, with respect to the charges
against the San Francisco postmaster, was recon-
sidered.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 66)
to amend an act entitled " An act to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans," approved
February 3, 1853, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of George S. Seton, the
petition of J. M. Morrill, in behalf of the Bangor
City Greys, and the petition of the surviving sol-
diers of the third regiment, second brigade, of
Massachusetts militia of the war of 1812, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
ARIZONA TERRITORY.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the bill (S. No.
8) to organize the Territory of Arizona and to
create the office of surveyor general therein; to
providefortheexamination of private land claims,
to grant donations to actual settlers, to survey the
public and private lands, and for other purposes,
be postponed to and made the special order of the
day for the second Monday of December next,
with the understanding that the Dacotah and
Nevada bills shall then also come up.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question, to take up the motion to recon-
sider the vote postponing the homestead bill until
January next.
Mr. MASON. As a question of order, I sub-
mit to the Chair that we went out of executive
session only to receive the proposition from the
Senator from Illinois, and that we are now again
in executive session. We had better proceed with
the business in executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
understands. The officers will close the doors.
The doors were again reopened at thirty-live
minutes past five o'clock, p. m.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I call up the
motion to reconsider the postponement of the
homestead bill.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to make a few remarks
on a question which, I presume, is a privileged
one. _ In executive session my question must be
mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We are now
in open session.
Mr. FITCH I was not aware of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the motion
of the Senator from Tennessee to proceed to the
reconsideration of the homestead bill?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will excusc me
I will say that I apprehend it would be very im-
portant and desirable to the Senate to close the
j doors again upon the subject to which the Sena-
j tor from Indiana refers. I believe it is always
' in order to move to close the doors
j Mr. KING. Not when somebody has the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not when a
Senator has the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
I have the floor.
Mr. \ULEE. Will not the Senator give way
for that purpose ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I must object then to taking up
his motion. I undeissand that the motion js t.>
take up the homestead bill. I hope that it wi,I
be voted down.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The nini:on
is fo reconsider, which is a pnviie^d question.
Mr. MASON. I understand  
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. IIow doos
the gfnt|i>mar) the floor '
