934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
disputes,and rivalries thai exist in the Navy cduld j
generate. Whether they subdued and smothered \
them I cannot say. Considering the fallibility of j
human nature, although I will not charge them 1
with having been influenced by those considera-
tions, it is impossible for mo to say that in all in- |
stances they were not influenced by them. They j
had a direct interest in defeatingthe restoration of ;
every senior officer. 1 do not say that they were ;
influenced by it; but that was then-position—that ■
was the predicament in which they were placed, j
The fleet was scoured, the bureaus were scoured, j
the docks were scoured, for the purpose of bring- I
ing forward witnesses, in order to defeat the sue- '
cess of applicants for reinstatement.
Well, sir# under ^11 these circumstances, what
are we to say? That there have been fair trials,
and that justice has been done in all instances? j
For my part, I am not prepared to say so. Gen- j
tlemen need not be apprehensive that, under the i
operation of this resolution, the Navy will be un-1
necessarily increased beyond the limits provided j
by the act of 1842. "We are all aware that vacan- ;
cies are constantly occurring by death or resig- ;
nation. And besides that, it would take the Pres- j
dent necessaiily some time to investigate those 1
cases in which unfavorable reports have been ren- j
dered. It would necessarily take the Senate some j
time tomaketheinvestigation. Ithasbeenalleged !
here to-day by the gentleman from Maryland, !
[Mr. Davis,] 1 believe5?that the President has no .
power to restore officers against whom unfavorable
reports have been rendered. Weil, sir, if that be
the case, are we to say that we have among us a set
of unfortunate men, who are outlawed ? who do
not stand on the same footing and on the same
platform as their fellow-citizens ? Are they be-
yond the reach of executive clemency ? Are they
fceyond the reach of mercy ?^If they are, then the
sooner they leave this country the better. The
object of this resolution is to put these men on
the same footing with their fellow-citizens. The
President has the power to take any man now
engaged in the civil service and place him in the
front rank in the Navy. Why not, then, give
him the power to call these men back into the
fiervice? If he has the one power, he ought to
have the other, or else we have different clashes
of men among us. And these men have not only
been "disgraced; they have not only lost their
swords, but they have lost their rights as citizens.
I do not contend, sir, that an officer of the
Navy has a fee-simple in his commission—no
such thing. I admit that the President may strike
from the roll of the Navy any man he chooses,
without assigning any cause for it. lie may
strike from the roll Commodore Shubrick, with-
out assigning any cause. But let it be remembered
that many of these men went into the service
when they were but boys; that the naval profes-
sion is the business of their lives; that they have
been stricken down in middle life, and are now
turned ashore to seek for civil employment, with
a brand upon them which will prevent them from
succeeding. I ask whether this country is not
now under a moral obligation to give these officers
a fair chance, and under a moral obligation to sus-
tain every man in the Navy in his place, unless
sufficient cause is assigned why he should lose it?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, if
I were to consult my own feelings, I should vote
for this resolution. Several gentlemen, who are
friends and acquaintances of mine, have been af-
fected by the action of the naval board; and, there-
fore, if I were to be guided by my feelings, I should
at once give those officers another chance to save
their positions. But, sir, I am satisfied, from the
examination I have made of this question, as a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, that
this resolution ought not to pass. There is no
good reason why it should pass. These officers
have already had the benefit of two trials. The
first trial was before the naval board, where they
had no opportunity to examine witnesses; where
they were not able to confront their accusers;
where they had had none of those safeguards
which the law wisely secures to every citizen, and
therefore I would give to the action of the first
naval board no weight whatever. So far I agree
with the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
' Mh.es.] A tribunal organized like the first naval
board, however pure may be the character of its
' |xlecabers, and however great and glorious their
achievements* should not finally affect the rights
or impair the position of any officer; but their
action may justly be regarded in the light of an
accusation or indictment, to be subsequently tried
by a tribunal fairly organized. And therefore,
Mr. Speaker, I do not base my acunn at ail on
what was done by the naval board of fifteen. I
think that too much weight has been given to its
action by the gentleman from Maryland, {Mr.
Davis,] and that such action ought not to have
affected the condition of any member of the Navy.
The life, the conduct, the services, of seven hun- j
died and odd officers of the Navy were brought
before that board, and it was physically impossi-
ble that it should give to each a full and impartial
hearing; but it might properly, and it did, report
that two hundred officers should be either retired
from the Navy or placed on leave-of-absence pay,
or furlough pay.
Mr. PENDLETON. My colleague says that
the characters of seven hundred officers were ex-
amined by that board.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. How long was that board
in session ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It was not in ses-
sion a sufficient time to give these men a fair trial.
Mr. PENDLETON. Was it not in session
from the 20rh of June to the 26th of July only?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Perhaps the gen-
tleman is correct. I say that I do not place any !
reliance on the action of the first naval board, al- !
though that board was constituted of the most dis-
tinguished officers of the Navy—of men who were
placed beyond the reach of accusation themselves.
I look upon it as simply a board of inquiry to pre-
sent such officers of the Navy as they deemed un-
fit for active service. Therefore, my vote will not
depend on the action of the naval board. But gen-
tlemen seem to have forgotten the act of the last
Congress, and subsequent proceedings under it.
These officers came before the last Congress with
their complaints. They charged that they had
been hardly dealt by; that they had not been con-
fronted with the witnesses against them; that they
had had none of the elements of a fair and just trial.
Their complaints were recognized as just. Con-
gress, after mature deliberation, passed the law
which I hold in my hand. This act piovided that,
if any of the officers affected by the naval board
had any cause of complaint in regard to the action
of the board, they should have leave to have their
physical, mental, professional, and moral fitness
inquired into by a naval court, to be organized and
governed by the laws and regulations which gov-
ern courts of inquiry.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when every one of these
officers had a fair trial secured to him by law, and
had an opportunity logo before a court fairly or-
ganized and fairly constituted, he, as an officer of
the Navy, should be willing to abide by the judg-
ment of his peers.
Mr. HARti IS, of Maryland. Can the gentle-
man from Ohio tell me who pa.ys the expenses of
the officer demanding inquiry under that law?
Does he himself pay the expenses of witnesses,
as well as of counsel, or does the Government pay
the expenses of the proceedings ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am not able to
give the gentleman the information he seeks, as
to the expenses; but I have examined the Jaw,
and I find that it piovides for each one of these
officers a fair and just mode of trial, according to
the ruleu and regulations of the Navy: and these,
I presume, are, m the main, similar to the ordi-
nary rules of civil courts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from Ohio will allow me, 1 will suggest, for the
information of my colleague, that all witnesses
before naval courts-martial are summoned by the
judge-advocate, and their expenses are paid by
the United States.
Mr.SHERMAN,ofOhio. Then, Mr.Speaker,
this law of the 1 Gth of July, 1857, treats the action
of the first court as an indictment, as an accusa-
tion made against an officer, that he was either
physically, mentally, professionally,or morally,
unfit for his position. So regarding it, the law
gave to each one of these officers an opportunity
to have a fair, just, and impartial trial. If any
citizen is accused of murder, he could have no
more impartial trial than was extended by this I
law. A grand jury of fifteen find against him an ;
indictment; so this first naval board found against i
these officers an accusation that each of them was !
either mentally, morally, physically, or profes-
sionally unfit to perform active service as an offi-
cer of the Navy. This accusation is referred to a
naval court, composed of the peers of the accused.
If any one pleads not guilty; if any one savs that
the accusation is not true; if he says that he has
not had a fair trial; this law secures the benefit of
such a trial by his fellow-officers. It secures him
the benefit of witnesses, of an open accusation,
and a fair hearing. What more can be a^k-nl?
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Ohio
attempts to analogize the case with proceedings
before a grand jury. I ask him if there was "a
witness sworn before this grand jury of fifteen?
And then I propose to ask him, if witnesses were
sworn, what are the charges, and where is the
issue on which these parties were tried before the
courts of inquiry? That is what I want to get
at.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Georgia studiously evades my point. I say
again that 1 do not place any stress on the action
of the first board, except as an allegation, or ac-
cusation, or indictment.
Buc I insist that every one of these officers had
a fair trial secured to him before the second court.
He had power there to call witnesses, to have
these witnesses sworn and examined in his pres-
ence, and tocross-examine them. Every witness
examined before this second board was exam-
ined m the presence of the accused offictr; and
he therefore has no ground of complaint.
Any officer of the Navy, or any officer of the
Army, or any officef of this House, or of the Gov-
ernment, ought to be willing at all times to abide
by the judgment of his peers, when that judgment
is guarded by all the constitutional rights secured
to other citizens. Therefore, if I am accused be-
fore this House of being mentally, morally, or
physically unfit to hold a seat here, I will not de-
mand a second trial if a majority of my peers say
that that accusation is true. So, sir, with officers
of the Navy. If a fair court of inquiry say of an
officer that he is morally, mentally, or physi-
cally unfit to hold his position, it would be im-
proper for him to attempt to thrust himself into a
service, to perfoim the duties of which his asso-
ciates and peers have, on full examination, pro-
j nounced him unfit.
i Mr. CHAFKEE. Had these naval courts of
{ inquiry the power of revising and setting aside
i the action of the first court?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Undoubtedly , un-
der the law of 16th January, 3857, to which I
have adverted, every one of these officers whose
cases are now pressed upon us had a right to de-
mand a fair and just trial; and if it resulted in his
favor, the law restored him to his full rank and
pay. If gentlemen here can show me why these
officers have not had the trial provided by law, I
will be willing to give them i\ second, third, fourth,
or tenth trial.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to sug-
gest that there are two classes of cases in which,
under the remedial process of this law, officers
have not been able to have the fair trial that the
gentleman from Ohio speaks of. One of these
classes is composed of cases in which the wit-
nesses of the parties have been without the process
of the court at the time the inquiry was held.
Some of these witnesses were drowned at sea, and
others absent on service at foreign stations; and
there arc other <?ascs where, as 1 know, the par-
ties were unable to avail themselves of the pro-
visions of the law because of the cost of the pro-
ceedings.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The cases referred
to have been provided for. The Committee on
Naval Affairs reported the other day a resolution
which gives to every officer who, by reason of
any circumstances, could not avail himself of the
benefit of the law of the last Congress, one year
within which to avail himself of the benefits of
that law. So that, if there arc any exceptional
; cases of men who could not avail themselves of
| those benefits, Congress has already given those
I officers an opportunity of a fair trial at a future
i time. So the gentleman from Maryland will see
that my proposition stands good, that nota single
one of the two hundred officers affected by the ac-
tion of the naval board but will have had a full, fair,
and adequate trial by the judgment of his peers;
and, therefore, these officers do not stand m a fa-
1 vorable attitude when they desire to push them-
