2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. CLA.Y. I move that the special order be
now taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
as got ahead of me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Alabama desires it, the Chair will take the sense
of the Senate as to whether one o'clock shall re-
main as the hour for the special orders.
Mr. CLAY. Perhaps it had better be settled
at once, in order that the Chair may regulate its
course hereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think it would
oe proper to let the practice remain as it has bei-n.
As I have already said, the practice hitherto has
been to regard the additional time as an addition
to the morning hour, during which much of what
is peculiarly morning business, and a great deal
of other business of the Senate, can be disposed
of. A great deal of good has been the result of
this practice heretofore. I do not think it will
promote the public business to make the change
which has.been suggested; that is, that the spe-
cial orders shall be advanced to twelve o'clock.
I trust that the practice of the Senate hitherto
will be allowed to prevail, at least for a week or
more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate can
very promptly dispose of the question, and the
Chair will take the sense of the Senate in this
form: Shall the hour of oneo'elock continue to be
the hour at which the special orders shall be called
up? Senators in favor of that will say " ay."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I repeat, that
formerly when the Senate met at eleven o'clock,
twelve was not the hour, under the practice of the
Senate, at which the special orders were called
up: it continued to be one o'clock. I have con-
sulted the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
on the subject, and he informs me that the prac-
tice has been as I have stated; and he is very con-
versant with the practice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair referred
to the period of time fixed in Mr. Jefferson's Man-
ual, wnen the time of meeting, originally, was
eleven o'clock: he does not know what has been
the practice of the Senate m more recent years.
The Senate, however, can determine the question.
Mr. MASON. I think the practice of the Sen-
ate lias been, for the dispatch of public business,
to make such subjects asit thought proper special
orders; and in designating the hour for'the special
order it has been fixed, still with reference to the
dispatch of public business, at one hour after the
meeting of the Senate, in 01 der that the first hour
may be given to what is called the morning busi-
ness, consisting of petitions, lenorts from com-
mittees, and resolutions. The us-ige of the Sen-
ate, I think, has been to consider that one hour is
enough for that miscellaneous business which is
more introductory than otherwise to the general
business of the Senate, and it has been understood
that only one hour should be devoted to it. 5f I
am correct in that, it would result that twelve
o'clock would now be the piopertime for thespe-
cial orders. I should think theie is an additional
reason: if we are to tLdjjui n at tilt; time indicated
by the joint resolution of the iv/o Houses, which
has been agreed to, it is m..iu nnnorcnnt that we
should dispatch the business beiere the Senate
than originate n w business.
Mr. HUNTER.. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chan- will re-
state the question. Originally the hour of meet-
ing of the Senate was eleven o'clock at the begin-
ning of the Government, and twelve o'clock was
then the hour tor calling for the special orders.
The hour of one o'clock is the hour under the
meeting at twelve o'clock. Recently the Senate
haschan ged the hour of meeting to eleven oJtIo< k
The Chair desires to know the pleasure of the
Senate as to the tune at winch he aha!! call up the
special orders—twelve o'clock, or one o'clock r
Mr. HUN FER. Tnose jo favor of calling up
th*1 special oiderat twelve o'clock will say "ay."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question in tins form: Is it the sense of the
Senate that one o'clock shall continue to bp the
hour for calling (he special orders? If the major-
ity voty in the negau-ve, the Chair will consider
it h direction to eill t Si era at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. i it ope we shall sail them at
tweUe.
The question taken, on a division there
weie—ayes 16, noes xM
So the Senate decided that the special orders
should be called at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. L hope, then, that the special
order will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take up the special order at this time.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is the decision?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The decision is,
that twelve o'clock shall be the hour for calling
up the special orders.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote was de-
cisive , and the result was announced by the Chair.
The first special order is the joint resolution (S.
No. 7) directing the presentation of a medal to
Commodore Hiram Paulding.
Mr. CLAY. I move to postpone the further
consideration of that resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PISHING BOUNTIES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 10)
repealing all laws, or parts of laws, allowing boun-
ties to vessels employed in the bank or other cod
fisheries.
Mr. CLAY. If the debate is closed on the
other side of this question, I will submit a few
remarks in reply to what fell from the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] the other day. But
as I am entitled, according to parliamentary law,
to close the debate, I do not wish to precede gen-
tlemen who have anything to say in opposition
to this bill. I will remark here, however, that I
trust the debate will be concluded to-day. I do
not now propose to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate more than twenty minutes, and I shall prob-
ably not consume more time after having heard
what may be further said. I trust we may have
the vote to-dny.
Mr. FESSSNDEN. I had some idea of sub-
mitting a few remarks on this subject, but I under-
stood that the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] desired to speak this morning, and
I do not see him in his seat. It is a matter of in-
difference to me whether I go on now or not. I
may, perhaps, as well say what I have to say
now as at any other time.
Mr. President, I am disposed to say a few
woids; not with the idea that I can add anything
to what has been said by my colleague, but sim-
ply because this is a matter of so much interest
I to a portion of the people of my State that it may
• be that they would expect that I should at least
I manifest that I am taking an interest in the ques-
tion, and observing the progress of it. I propose
to do tliat by expressing my concurrence in the
positions that have been taken by my colleague,
and by adding a few words on points which have
not been so much elaborated by him.
The first position taken by the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama, m relation to this question,
was, that this bounty, as it is called, upon the
catcinng of cod fish, whether it is a iS momentous
concern" or otherwise, originated entirely in the
imposition of a duty on salt, and the fact that it
was thought reasonable that the amount of that
duty, or nearly the amount of that duty, should
be refunded on all the fish that were exported. It
was assumed by the Senator from Alabama that
that policy, thus originated and thus founded, has
continued to be the policy of the Government on
that foundation and with reference to that partic-
ular thing, down to the present time.
Nov/, Mr. President, i think that the Senator
was very considerably in error, not only by not giv-
ing sufficient importance to one reason for which
the policy oi initiated, but also in assuming that
that patticid.-ir season, which he states to be the
foundation of the policy, has continued to be its
foundation down to the present time. The facts
in reference to the matter, and the laws which have
been passed, when examined,will not support him
tii that assumption. It is true, that the early ad-
vocates of the policy did assume, in argument, and
did press it strongly oil the ground of justice, that
it was due to the people who caught and sakal
cod fish, and exported them that the amomn paid
by them, as duty on salt, should be refunded.
But the Senator will remember that, although this
rruy have been the case when the fust act was
passed, when the salt duty and the drawback went
pretty much hand in hand, though the amount of
the drawback did not equal the amount of the
duty, yet one reason given even at that time
was the importance of promoting the fisheries,
and promoting them with reference to the educa-
tion of seamen. In 1792, that policy was dis-
tinctly adopted, and that argument was distinctly
pressed. The Senior from Alabama has read,
and everybody has, who has looked into the sub-
ject at all, the report made by Mr. Jefferson; and
he will recollfect that Mr. Jefferson lays great
stress on the necessity of educating seamen, and
he urges that as one reason why the fisheries
should be protected in some manner. The pecu-
liar notions which he entertained, and a large class
of men with him, in reference to bounties, and
which have come down to the present day, and in
which I share in some degree,rendered it advisa-
ble to place it on a distinct ground—on ground
which would be recognized by every one as within
the Constitution, both in letter and spirit, and
such as no one would make objection to. But
still the Senator will perceive, as others musthave
perceived then, that, although it was placed in
the shape of a drawback, yet the giving of that
drawback was, of itself, a bounty. Drawbacks
are not usually given to articles which have gone
into manufacture, when the manufactured arti-
cles themselves are exported. A policy of that
kind is found in very few cases, I do not know
in what exact number, in the history of our Gov-
ernment. It is very well known that the price of
any article which has been manufactured depends
not only upon the original cost of catching, for in-
stance, if you take the cod fish or beef, or any-
thing else, but also upon the addition made to it
by the salting or any other process. If that arti-
cle is exported and sold in foreign countries, they
get all that cost as well as the duty laid on the
materials used in the manufacture;and,if a draw-
back is given on exportation, that amount of draw-
back is in fact so much bounty. It does not di-
minish the price, when the price itself can only
be diminished by competition*, the article will
command the same price, and the drawback which
is received in fact is received as bounty, and op-
erates as bounty, and was. so understood at that
time, and it had all the effect of a bounty.
Now, Mr. President, the Senate will perceive
that, when the policy was changed in 1792, and*
by acts which have been passed subsequently to
that time, although the bounty kept pace, in a cer-
tain degree, with the duty on salt, yet being al-
lowed on tonnage, as it was distinctly by that act,
it did away entirely with theargument. Although
it -was used as a reason for giving it in that way,
yet the bounty given on tonnage had no reference
whatever to exportation. If you give a certain
amount of allowance—for it went under the name
of allowance—upon the ft nnage of a vessel en-
gaged in the cod fisheries, or any other fisheries,
and no pro\ lxion whatever is made with reference
to exportation, as in that case, the allowance is
[mid, whether a single quintal offish is exported
or not. It has no rcfetence to drawback. That
was the case of the act of 1792.
The Senator has argued here that it was draw-
back from the beginning, and that it kept pace
with the duty on salt. How could it? The ori-
ginal act provided for a return of the duties when
the fish were exported. The act of 1795 did away
with that, and, in the place of it, gave a specific
allowance on the tonnage of the vessel. That
amounted to about the same sum, says the Sen-
ator; and it is unnecessary for my argument to
dispute that; but it made no provision whatever
that the fish caught by that vessel should be ex-
ported. The amount was paid upon the tonnage
of the vessel itself, and that whether the fish were
exported Oi not. It had no reference to exporta-
tion.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator has not read the act
as well as I have. I will teach him differently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there anything of that
kind in the act ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would thank the Sen-
ator to point my attention to it. There is nothing
of that sort, ccitainly, in the act of 1613.
Mr. CLAY. I take issue with everv ihmg the
Senator has said; but, to relieve him, I wiii call
Ins attention to that. 1 will read a single section
of the act. There are others whieh corroborate
the position I assume; but the sixth section of the
act of 1313 g<irs on to provide the amount of
