1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
selves into the active list of the Navy, when their
brother officers, who have served with them afloat
and ashore, have pronounced them physically,
mentally, ami piofessionally unfit for active ser-
vice. I want that the same rule should be applied
to them that is applied to other citizens. I am so
much accustomed to obey and respect the decisions
of the courts, and the rules which guide those de-
cisions, that I do not see any reason why an officer
of the Navy should have advantages and oppor-
tunities of defense which are denied to every other
citizen charged with the highest crimes known to
our law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are more than two
hundred cases which have been acted on by the
first naval court. One hundred of them—I speak
111 round numbers—have never complained of the
action of the first naval court. That, in my mind,
is conclusivc that so many, at least, had no cause
of complaint, and never had any wish to have
theircases examined or investigated. They may
be regarded as havingplead guilty to the charges
of ihe first naval court.
About one hundred others demanded a trial
under the provisions of the law of the last Con-
gress, and the second court sustained the charges
of the first in nearly all the cases. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chapman] said that
the decision of the first court was reversed in
sixty cases. In this, the gentleman is mistaken.
There are four lists provided for by this law.
One is the retired list,where the officer leaves the
service with one year's pay. Another called the
leave-pay list. Another is the furlough list. Now,
this second court of inquiry changed the position
of some of those officers from one class to an-
other. Some on the retired list were changed on
to the leave-pay list, and others on the leave-pay
list were transferred to the furlough list. Many
changes of this kind were made, but there were
very few cases in which the decision of the first
board wasennrely leversed; and that, in myjudg-
ment, shows that the action of the first board was
not as unjust as was supposed during the last
Congress. But, sir, whatever may be said as to
the action of that board, the second trial has not
been impeached, and these officers stand before
the House demanding a third trial.
The first board brought the accusation. The
second one wasa court of trial, before which wit-
nesses were examined, and the whole examina-
tion reduced in writing. Now, these officers are
still unsatisfied, and demand a third trial before
the President and Senate of the United States. I
think there is no good reason in law or in equity
why this trial should be granted. Suppose we
pass this resolution: you throw upon the Presi-
dent an enormous labor. You convert him into
a court of errors; you would have to give to him
a new lease of life. The President has not the
physical power to examine the evidence in all
these cases. I have heard it said that the Presi-
dent, if you pass this law, intends to devolve this
labor upon the Senate. I do not know whether
this is true or not, and I do not care. It is cer-
tain that if you pass this law you devolve upon
the President a labor which it is impossible for
him to perform. He will throw the burden and
the responsibility of the trial upon the Senate of
the United States; and we all know what kind of
a body this House or the Senate is to act as a court
of errors, to review the decision of a naval, or any
other court. In the State of New York they once
undertook to make their upper House or Senate
act as a court of errors; but that has long since
been abolished.
It may be that injustice has been done in some
cases. That 1 know nothing about, and I am not
here to determine it; and 1 will not constitute my-
self a judge to determine whether the naval court
acted right or wrong in particular, for I am unfit
for such an inquiry. A naval court is the proper
tribunal for such a trial, and no reason is shown
why substantial justice has not been done.
Mr. M1LLS0N. 1 do not see the propriety of
entering upon any discussion of the merits, or the
demerits, of the old naval board; but, sir, the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has un-
dertaken it. To defend the judgments of that
board is indeed a labor and a task; but the gen-
tleman from Maryland has ventured upon it. But
his defense has been made after trial and condem-
nation. The proceedings of that board have been
condemned by the voice of the public press, by
the general sentiment,of the American people, by
resolutions of State Legislatures, by the solemn
judgment of ihe Congress of the United States,
and by the deliberate, though unconscious, testi-
mony of these courts of inquiry themselves.
Congress, in passing the law organizing these
courts, and in subjecting the decisions of tlft naval
board to their revision, acknowledged the errors
which existed, and intended to provide a means
for correcting them; and these courts, in reversing
the judgment of the naval board in a majority of
the cases brought before them, have given the
strongest testimony to the rashness, haste, and
inconsideration which marked the proceedings of
that board. Sir, I did not vote for the law of the
last session of Congress. I felt so much indigna-
tion at the proceedings of the naval board as to
be prompted to introduce into this House a bill
for the purpose of reversing all of their proceed-
ings,and annulling all of their judgments. Iwould
have restored to the active list all officers of the
Navy who had been injuriously affected by it.
No opportunity was offered for invoking the opin-
ion of the House on the propriety of passihgsuch
a law; and it was only when these officers, impa-
tient of the long delay, believed there was no hope
of securing the justice which they so ardently de-
sired, that they urged members here to vote for
the bill of the last session—a bill which I then
regarded, and still regard, as.an unfortunate one
for them. I was unwilling to send these officers
again to be examined before those whose inter-
ests strongly prompted them to look unfavorably
upon their applications. I did not think worse of,
nor had I less confidence in, those men, than I had
in all other men in like circumstances; but, sir,
I knew that human nature was too weak to resist
the temptations to which they would be exposed.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chap-
man] referred to a remark made some time since
by another gentleman in debate, in which he as-
sumed that those who did not make their appear-
ance before these courts acknowledged the justice
of the proceedings against them. 1 know many
of these officers well; and I can assure the House
that they were animated by far different motives
and seniiments. They felt it to be a sort of hu-
miliation that they should be compelled to appear
before these courts for the purpose of establish-
ing their professional, physical, mental,and moral
fitness for the naval service.
Now, what is it that is asked > The gentleman
from Ohio [Mi. Sherman] says that these men
have had two fair trials before theirpeers, and that
they now ask another. I tell the gentleman that
these officers have never had one trial. I repeat
with emphasis, that they have never had one. Do
you call the deliberation of the conclave of fif-
teen, acting in secret, without witnesses, without
notice to the accused, without even an accusation,
without opportunity for defense—do you call
that a trial ?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
said that the proceedings of that board were sub-
ject to the revision of the Executive; and he stated
that the President and his Cabinet had deliber-
ately approved their judgments. Has the gentle-
man from Maryland forgotten that so far from
the proceedings of the board having ever been
confirmed or sanctioned by the deliberate judg-
ment of the President or the Navy Department,
the late Secretary of the Navy, in an official re-
port—I think it was an official report to Congress
—admits that he urged the President to confirm
all the proceedings and findings of that board,
upon the ground that it was to the board, and not
to the President or the Secretary, Congress com-
mitted the delicate task of examining into the fit-
ness of officers of the Navy, for the positions
they occupied ? The Secretary admitted that there
were some of the judgments of theboard in which
he did not concur; but he urged the President to
confirm them without examination. It has never
been denied that they were confirmed without ex-
amination. Then there was no trial before the
original board of fifteen.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] asks
whether they had not full opportunity for defense
and vindication before the courts of inquiry ? He
wants to know whether that was not a trial? The
gentleman from Ohio, who is a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, ought to know that
from the foundation of the Government to the
present time, no officer of the Army or the Navy
has been tried by those he calls his peers. No
officer of the Navy or Army can be tried except
by the President of the United States. It is the
President who, in confirming or annulling the sen-
tence of the court, determines upon the character
of the proceedings. What, then,does this resolu-
tion ask ? Simply that these officers shall be placed
upon the footing on which officers of the Army
and Navy have heretofore stood, from the begin-
ning of the Government to the present day; that
they shall not be cut off from the opportunity of
having the proceedings of the court revised by
the Executive; and that in these cases, as in all
others, the President shall have the power to de-
termine as to the fairness and correctness of the
proceedings of the court. Can the gentleman
assign a reason why a different course should be
pursued in the present case, from that adopted in
other cases ? Why is it that these officers should
be left to the uncontrolled judgment of their broth-
er officers, some of whom may be their juniors,
and who may have, in that regard, a strong inter-
est to sustain the decisions of the board, while
all other officers of the Navy are entitled, by law,
to maintain their positions in the service until
they are driven from it in disgrace by the judg-
ment of the President ? Why, sir, it was a defect
in the law, and perhaps an unintentional one, that
all the decisions of the board were not subject to
the revision of the President. I did not vote for
the law; but I took it for granted that this provis-
ion was there. I took it for granted that the Pres-
ident was to revise all the decisions of the courts
of inquiry; not only those favorable to the appli-
cants, but those adverse to them. Can any reason
be assigned for the distinction.'
Now, sir, this resolution does not ask that any-
thing unusual shall be done. It only asks that
the uniform practice of the Government shall be
adhered to in these cases, and that these officers
of the Navy, first aggrieved by dismissal from the
active service of the country by the secret judg-
ment of the board of fifteen, shall now, at least,
have an opportunity of laying their cases before
the President, upon the records taken by the
courts themselves. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] laid much stress upon the fact
that President Pierce had had an opportunity of
approving the judgments of the first board, and
had actually availed himself of that opportunity;
and yet, with strange inconsistency, he objects
to giving President Buchanan the opportunity of
revising the proceedings of the courts of inquiry.
If there was anything of force in the argument of
the gentleman from Maryland—and there would
have been much force in it, if the fact were as
he states it—then, sir, the gentleman will find it
difficult to explain why the very same privilege
should not be afforded to the officers who are to
be affected by the joint resolution which we are
now considering of presenting their cases to the
President.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] ob-
jects that this resolution, if passed, will make the
Senate a court of appeals. And when, sir, has
the Senate been any other than a court of appeals,
in respect to all the nominations of the President?
Does not the gentleman from Ohio know that the
appointing power, under our Constitution, does
not rest with the President? Does not the gen-
tleman from Ohio know that the President of the
United States has no further right than to nom-
inate an officer for appointment, and that it is the
Senate that makes the appointment? When has
the Senate been aught else than a court of appeals
on the nominations of the President? Why, sir,
they have exercised the functions of a court of
appeals, in considering the nominations lately
made to them, and founded upon the judgments
and recommendations of these very courts of in-
quiry. , . .
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman from Virginia whether he can tell me
of any case in the history of our Government,
where the Senate has been called upon to review
the decision of a court, and the grounds on which
the decision was made ?
Mr. MILLSON., Yes, sir; many such cases.
The gentleman need not go further back than to
the records of the Senate for the last session to
assure himself that upon a nomination made, on
a dismissal from the Army of an officer by the sen-
tence of a general court-martial, all those proceed-
ings were brought under review; and that the Sen-
