3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were non-concurred
"in, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES H. GLANDING.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ahl] to suspend the rules so
as to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of Senate
bill (No. 292) for the relief of James H. Gland-
inS-
Mr, DAVIDSON. I would advise my friends
in the House not to put any bill on its passage
that has passed the Senate; because, if they do,
they will be in a worse condition than if they re-
main as they are, as the President will sign no
private bill passed to-day.
Mr. AHL. On that statement I withdraw the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague [Mr. Ahl]
withdraws his motion to suspend the rules, for the
reason that the bill, if passed, would be in a worse
condition than it is now in, and he is willing to
trust to the justice of the House at the next ses-
sion.
MINNESOTA REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, Tlmt the Committee of Accounts of this Hou«e
pay out of the contingent fund of the House, to W. VV.
Phelps and James M. Cavanaugh, Representatives from
the Suite ofMinnesota, compensation at the raie of >250 per
month, from the 13th of October, 1857, to the 13th of Mdy,
the date of the admission of the State.
It is not necessary to discuss this resolution.
It is only giving them pay back to the date of
their election.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. I think
they ought to be paid only from the time the State
was admitted.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to suspend
the rules; and I call for tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have the
yeas and nays, and see who will vote for this.
AH these things have to pass in review within the
next four years.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
64, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adiain. Ahl, Atkins, Avery, JJark^dale.
Billmjilmrst, Bowie, Boyce, Bianeh, Buin&. Chapman, John
B. ClaiK, dawson, Cox, Cuiry, Cuius, Davidson. Davis of
Miss-is^ippu Dowart, Dimmtek, Edmundson, Faulkner,
Florence*, Gilman. Gooch, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Jackson, K'eily, Leuly, Letter. Maclay, McKibbm,
McQueen. Humphrey Marshall. Samuel J5- Marshall, Ma-
son, Maynard, Miles, MilUon, Nihlaek, Nichols, John S.
Phelps,Quitman, ReilJy, Rieaud, Robbtns, Roberts, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Searing, Shorter, Sickles, Sin-
gleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stephen'', James A. Stewart,
Ward, Ellihu B. Washburne, Whitelev, and John V.
Wright—64.
NAYS—Messis. Andrews, Bingham, Blatr, Bocock,
Brayton, Bullinton, Burhngame, Burnett, Case, Caskte,
Eira Clark, Clemens. Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comtns, Coming, Covode,
Ci asm. Burton Cratge, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dodd. Dow-
dell, Durfee, Edte. Foley, Foster,Garnett, Garlrell, Gilmer,
Goode, Goodwin, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Hill, Hoard, Hop-
kin's, Horton, Houston, Howard, Fluyler, Jewctt, George \V.
Jones, Owen Jones, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Ktinkel,
Letcher, Lovejoy, Morgan, Morrill. Edward Jov Mortis,
Freeman II. Morse, Mott, Olin, Palnier, Parker, Pendleton,
Bottle, Powell, Purviance, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie, Royce,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stallvvorlb, Stanton, Talbot, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thay-
er, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge,
Walton, Wmsiow, Wood, Woodson, Wouendvke, and
Zollieolfer—92.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During thecallingof the roll,
Mr. BONHAM stated that if he had been in
when his name was called, he should have voted
"ay."
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President by
Mr. James Buchanan Henry, his private Secre-
tary, informing the House that he had approved
and signed an act to authorize a loan not exceeding
the sum of $20,000,000.
MESSAGE FROM THE^ SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary,informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to the reso-
lution of the House to change the hour for the
adjournment of Congress, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
The message from the Senate was taken up and
read, as follows:
In Senate of tiie United States,
June 14, 1858.
Resolved, That tho Senate ajfree to the resolution of the
House ofRepresentatives changing the hour for the adjourn-
ment of Congress, with the following amendment: Strike
out "half pa-?t two o'clock this day," and insert in lieu
thereof " twelve o'clock to-morrow." «
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to concur in the
amendment of the Senate, with an amendment to
strike out " twelve o'clock to-morrow," and in-
sert in heu thereof "six o'clock, p. m., this day."
Whatever we can do by twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, we can do by six o'clock to-day. I move
the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
House will not concur in the amendment of the
Senate, and that, if the Senate refuses to concur
in half past two o'clock, we shall adjourn at twelve
o'clock to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. So do I. The
Senate have been playing this game quite Ions;
enough; and I hope we shall not concur in then-
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question, I will
propose an amendment which, I think, will meet
the views of all sides. It is, that we accept the
Senate amendment, with a proviso that no legis-
lative business shall be transacted by the two
Houses after a certain hour.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I insiston the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If the House will give nrie
its attention for one moment, I beg leave to say
to the gentleman from Maine, and to the House, j
that the public business can be concluded by six :
o'clock; and if they will agree to thatamendment, '
it is understood all round that that will suit all
parties. j
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation ;
thereof, Mr. Phillips's amendment was agreed ,
to, and tli£ amendment of the Senate, as amended, ;
was concurred in. j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider j
the vote by which the amendment was concurred i
in; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider ,
upon the table. 1
The latter motion was agreed to. j
UNFINISHED BUSINESS OF COMMITTEES. I
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani- ;
mous consent of the House to offer the following |
resolution. It is necessary in order to continue !
the business of the present session which is m
the hands of the committees over to the next:
Resolved, That nil billf, resolution*, and other papprs i e-
ferred to the standing committees of the House at the fir-t
*.ession of this Congress, upon which no reports shall have
been made at the time oi adjournment, shall be returned
informally to the Clerk, and shall, by virtue of this resolu-
tion, stand recommitted at the commencement of the next
session of Congres> to said committees, into whose posses-
sion the Clerk is hereby directed to restore them.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the resolution shall he
received, will it be in order to move to amend it,
so as to take from the drawers of members reports
which they have been authorized to make?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that it has never been permitted that reports sh ould
be made and placed upon the Calendar in that
way. The resolution of the gentleman from New
York is m the usual shape.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desired to know, because
I have my drawer full of reports, and I suppose
othei gentlemen are in the same position.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not suppose that one
man m twenty of us has heard one wotd of that
resolution.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- ,
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, a bill and !
resolution of the following titles; when the Speak- I
er signed the same. i
An act for the relief of Sherlock & Shirley; and I
A joint resolution to correct an error in an act !
for the relief of Stephen R. Rowan approved June '
1, 3858. 1
In presenting the report,
Mr. DAVIDSON said: These bills would have
been here on Saturday but for the negligence of the
officers of the Senate. I thought this statement
necessary for the purpose of putting the matter
right.
THE UNFINISHED BUSINESS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say that
the resolution of the gentleman from New York
is in the usual form,and is necessary if the House
intends to resume its business at the commence-
ment of the next session where it closed at the
expiration of this.
Mr. COBB. It is precisely the usual resolu-
tion which has passed at the first session of every
Congress for the last ten years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
this inquiry of the Chair: if this resolution is
adopted in cases where reports have been agreed
on, but not presented to the House, will it be com-
petentforthe committees which shall be appointed
at the next session, if they are composed of dif-
ferent members, to make different reports?
Mr. COBB. Certainly.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I think, then, the
business before committees might as well go to
the Clerk, and be referred at the next session.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order to move
that such memorials as luive been acted upon in
committee shall go upon the Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the res-
olution will be amendable.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I submit the amend-
ment I have indicated to allow reports upon me-
morials which have been acted on in committee,
to be presented and go upon the Calendar.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Thatamendment
is not in order. The resolution has not been re-
ceived by the House, and is not before us for
amendments. If the resolution is received, I pro-
pose to demand the previous question, and cut off
amendments.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection "to the res-
olution?
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to suspend
the i ules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds having voted therefor.)
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the pre-
vious question upon the resolution
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The ldttei motion was agreed to.
POST ROAD BILL.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce ft bill to repeal the
second section of the act entitled "An act to estab-
lish certain post roads," approved June 14,1858.
Mr. HAWKINS. I object.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of this House to the amendment of the
Senate to the resolution of the House changing
the time for the adjournment of Congress.]
Mr. STANTOiX. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask that I may be allowed
to say a word or two on the subject.
Mr. JEWETT. I think the gentle man ought
to be peimitted to be heard.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thii.k it is due to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that he should be heard.
_ Mr. ENGLISH. Two minutes will be suffi-
cient.
Mr. BURROUGHS objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, this second
section was adopted in the Senate as an amend-
ment to the post road bill. I did not have time
to examine all of the amendments of the Senate
to that bill, and what I stated to the House on
Saturday, in reference to it, was from infoi mation
mamly derived from others. It is proper, how-
ever, that I should remark, that I did see an
amendment somewhat like this. It was shown
to me by a gentleman from North Carolina. He
