1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8047
proposed to make it imperative that the Postmas- ]
ter Genera] should do certain things as to the mail i
service, between eastern cities and New Orleans. !j
1 stated that I should object to it in that shape; j:
but that, if it were left to the Postmaster Gen-
eral to pursue the course indicated or not, as he i
pleased, I should have no objection to it. I am !
astonished that, this morning, there prevails an ,
idea that this Senate amendment has reference to :
ocean service between eastern cities and New Or- ;
leans. Nothing of the kind was intended, as I I
believe. It refers to land service, and is therefore ;
legitimately upon the post road bill. The lan- i
guage may be more indefinite than it should be, ,
but I am assured by all the parties that land and |
not ocean service is intended. So I understood it, !
and so I understand it yet; but, whether so or not !
makes no material difference, as the matter is left !
to the discretion of the Postmaster General to ,
make the best arrangement as to the transmission ,
of the mails between the eastern cities and thej
great commercial city of the South. 1 see noth-
ing wrong in it; but, under the circumstances,
■will vote to repeal.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment authorizes
either ocean or land service, and the objection to
it is that it is not an ordinary and usual provision,
creating a post road. It goes beyond the ordinary ;
purposes of a post road bill, and confers special 1
authority upon the Postmaster General in refer- '
ence to a specific and very important route. It ■
passed the House without the knowledge of any '
member, and, whether it be right or wrong, I take
it that it is such a provision as ought not to pass j
in that manner. The House was not conscious j
of there being anything in it except the usual pro- !
visions for post roads. We did not think that it j
conferred special power in reference to any road, i
inland or ocean. I insist, theiefore, that it is due j
to the House that they should repeal this section
of the bill, and confine the bill strictly to theestab- j
lishment of post roads, withoutany general legis- '
lation in regard to them. I move a suspension of '
the rules. j
Mr. ENGLISH. I have no feeling in reference j
to this matter, and have not the slightest objec-
tion to the course being pursued which was indi-
cated by the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WINSLOW. I want to speak on this
question.
Several Members objected.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
324, noes 15.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the rules were suspended.
Mr. STANTON. Is that motion in order? I,
never heard of a motion to reconsider a suspen- ]
sion of the rules. It is no measure of legislation. ;
The SPEAKER. It is frequently an import- :
ant step toward legislation. |
Mr. STANTON. I will make n* question of;
order. I move to lay the motion to reconsider i
upon the table.
'Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This matter ,
can be settled by calling the yeas and nays on the |
suspension of the rules. '
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw the ,,
motion to reconsider, and demand the yeas and ,j
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered. i|
The SPEAKER. In reference to the motion
to reconsider, authority is found in the 56th ride, 1
which provides that, when a motion has been ;
mice made, and carried in the affirmative or neg- .
ntivo, it shall be in order for any member of the
majority to move to reconsider. ;
IVlr. WINSLOW. I want to make a statement .
jn reference to this matter.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. We have heard the statements
of both Hides. If the gentleman [Mr. Winslow]
can be replied to, I have no objection to his pro- ;
ceedmir; otherwise, I will object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order. !
Mr. STANTON. 1 think that the discussion .
h<ul battel take place after the rules shall have,
bten suspended.
Tno question was taken; and it was decided m
the ndirMMEtve—yeas 120, nays 45; as follows.
\ r\S- Andrews, Itaikodfth'* Bemietr, lhliin*r-
lniifct, limsjham, Blair, IJraytoiu BuJliuKm, liurlm-amo,
Burnett, Burns, Case, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Clark,
dawson, Clay, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins,
Corning, Covode, Cox, Cragin, James Craig, Curry, Curtis,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mis i^ippi,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,Dtm-
mick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, English, Faulkner,
Fetiton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Oilman, Gooch, Goode,
Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Robert B. Hall, J.
Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Hoard, Hop-
kins, Korton, Houston, Howard, Jewett, George ^V. Jones,
J Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp. La-
mar, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, McKibbm, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Matteson,
Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Moiri?, Mott, Nib-
lack, Nichols, Olin, Parker, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Wil-
liam W. Phelps, Pottle, Powell, Puiviance, Ready, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbms, Savage, Scales, Searing. Judaon W.
Sherman, Singleton. William Smith, Spmner, Stanton,
Talhot, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins. Underwood, Wade,
Walbridge, Walton, Eliihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, While, Wood, John V. Wright, and Zolheofler—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Bowie, Boyce. Branch, Bryan,
Horace F. Clark, Clemens, John Cochrane, Burton Craige,
David«on, Dowdell, Eustis, Gartrell, Gilmer. Hawkins,
Hill, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M.
Ivunkel, Maclay, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Moore, Free-
man H. Morse, Pendleton, Quitman, Reagan, Reillv. Ruf-
fin, Russell, Sandidge, Scott, Henry M. 'Shaw, Sickles,
SmlJvvorth, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Waid, Win-
slow, Woodson, and Wortendyke—45.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was intro-
duced.
Mr. FOSTER stated, pending the vote, that
Mr. Abbott was ill, and unable to attend the
session of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The managers on the part of the House,
on the committee of conference on the Post Office
appropriation bill, have instructed me to make the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disaereeing votes of
the two Honse< to the bill of the Hou=e (No. 556) making
appropriations tor the service of the Post Office Department
duung the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1859, having met,
aftei a full and free conference have agieed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede from its fir^t, second, third, fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth amendments.
R Jtf T. HUNTER,
D. L. YULEE,
Mana«cis on itie part f)f the Senate.
HENRY M. PHILLIPS,
ELLIHCJ B. WASHBURNE,
JAMES F. DOWDELL,
Managers on the part of the House.
It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that the Sen-
ate have receded from all their amendments-, and
I desire to say that one of the Senators avowed
and recognized the propriety of abstaining from
legislation on the general appropriation bills. In
that view all the Senate amendments were receded
from. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 consider this a snap judg-
ment, taken in an unfair way. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the House that, whether the report be adopted or
not, if the Senate agree to the report, the bill is
passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And really there
is no question before the House.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
; The latter motion was agreed to.
' air. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
I privileged question. I move that the House take
a recess till five o'clock.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
| the gentleman that the Senate have not yet noti-
i fied the House that they have concurred in the
! report of the committee of conference.
! Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I withdraw
; the motion. .
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to offer
a resolution to rescind the resolution fixing the
■ time of adjournment, and fixing it at two o'clock
I to-day. , ,
1 The SPEAKER. There is a matter already
j pending which must first be disposed of.
POST KOUTE BILL—AGAIN.
The hill to repeal the second section of the act
entitled " An act to establish certain post roads,
approved .Tune 14,1S5S, was then read a first and
second time.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think it is very; illiberal
on the part of the gentleman from Ohio not to
allow me to say a word.
Mr. STANTON. If it is the pleasure of the
House, I will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, and occupy about three minutes
myself, and then give way to thegentlemarrfrom
North Carolina.
[Cries of " No !" " Vote !" " Question !"]
Mr. STANTON. All I want is to have the
matter understood.
[Cries of" duestion!"]
Mr. KEITT. I wish to inquire, whether, if
this bill passes, it will not have to be engrossed
and sent to the Senate, and then enrolled and gent
to the President, before it becomes a law; and
whether it is not too late for all that to be done?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to consider, and not the Chair.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to inquire whether it is in order now, by
a new bill, to repeal a law upon which the House
has come to a question at this session. I know
it is not in order in the British Parliament; but I
do not know what the ruling has been in this
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. There have been various pre-
cedents in the House of Representatives; cer-
tainly one very remarkable one, where the Min-
nesota land grant was repealed by an amendment
to a pension bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think it a very bad pre-
cedent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it right
and proper that the House should have this power,
and knows of no parliamentary law that would
deny the right to the House.
Mr. EUSTIS. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw the previous question; 1 am sat-
isfied that there are not thirty members in the
House who know what they are voting upon.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to debate.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McQJJEEN demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. WINSLOW demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton
and Craige, of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-five in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A 111. Andrews, Barksdale, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bocock, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Bur-
nett, Burns, Burroughs, Case. Caskie, Chapman, Ezra
Clark, John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Cobb, Colfax, Comins,
Corning, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Curry, Curtis, Davis of'Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dimmick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson,
Elliott, English, Faulkner. Fen ton, Florence, Foley, Foster,
Garnett, Oilman, Gooeh, Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg,
Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence VV. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Ilaskin. Hoaid, Hopkins, Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Owen Jones, Kilgore. Knapp, Lamar, Leiter, Letcher,
Lovejov, McKibbm, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall. Mason, Matteson, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Mott. Niblaek, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Peyton,
John S. I'lielps, Pottle, Powell, Purviance,Quitman, Ready,
Reilly, Ricaud, Ruehie, Roberts, Rovce, Sandidge, Savage,
Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton, William Smith,
Spinner, Stalhvorlli, Stanton, Stevenson, Talbot, Tliayerr
Tompkins. Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Walton,
Eliihu B Washburne, Woodson, and John V. Wright—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
Hoiaee F. Clark, Clemens, John Cochrane, Coekenll,
Button Orai e, Davidson. Devvart, Dowdell, Eustis, Gar-
trell. Gilmer. Robert B. Hall, Hawkins, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob
M. Kunkel. Maclay, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Freeman
H Morse, Pendleton, Bobbins, Ruffin, Scales, Searing,
Henrv M. Shaw, Stephens, James A. Stewart, Tappan,
George Taylor, Miles Tajlor, Ward, Israel Washburn,
Wmslow, Wood, and Wortendyke—42.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
