1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mm-
following up the business of fishing at some sea-
sons of the year; or some of them become attached
to a seafaring: life, and become sailors. Most of
them do not, however, and for very good reasons.
Our merchant service now offers no sort of at-
traction to such men. In the first place, as my
colleague stated, the employment of foreigners
lias generally driven American sailors out of the
service for the reason that they are of such a elass
that New England men, brought up with New
England ideas, habits, and notions, will not per-
mit their sons in early life to associate with them.
The pursuit is one necessarily demoralizing, of
following the sea in foreign voyages, and making
it an exclusive profession. If they go, it is be-
cause they are ambitious, and not with the design
of remaining before the mast all their lives, but
for the purpose of rising to rank in sea ser-
vice; and the consequence is that a large propor-
tion of the mates and masters of the merchant
vessels, and of your finest clipper ships that sail
from the northern ports, are men who were origin-
ally fishermen. Some of the most capable men,
most able to navigate vessels, most able to man-
age voyages, to dispose of cargoes, and conduct
matters in that branch of business with great sa-
gacity and skill, are men who began life as. fish-
ermen, and as boys in the business.
Well, sir, these men are not out, as the Sena-
tor supposed, simply four months in the year.
He-asked the question, will not a man who goes
off for three- years on a whaling voyage, learn
more than one who goes simply for four months
in a year to catch cod fish? Why, sir, they are
at sea constantly during the year. They make a
voyage, they come back, stay at home awhile,
long enough to dispose of their cargoes, and then
make another voyage, and so on. The boys.speiid
the winter at home, because they go to school. In
spring they are off again for a certain period, when
they are not engaged in the labor of cultivating the
piece of land with which they are connected.
That is the class of men. But the Senator asks,
can they learn seamanship in that way. Do i ot
they know all about vessels? Why, sir, if the
Senatorknew anything about our coast, if he knew
anything about the long line of coast running
along Massachusetts and Maine and New Hamp-
shire, he would know that there is hardly a creek
or a stream which empties into the ocean, or is
connected with the ocean, on which vessels are
not being built constantly in seasons of prosper-
ity. They are perfectly familiar with vessels of
the largest class from their childhood. They are
all over them. They know all about them. They
become acquainted with them from absolute ne-
cessity; they are perfectly familiar with them.
Now, howevei*, we are told that these men are not
acquainted with ships, and not capable of making
sailors! What is necessary? All that is requi-
site is that they should acquire the strength and
the hardihood that is necessary to enable them to
carry on the business in which they are engaged.
Well, sir, is it a light matter? Does not the
Senator know, do not Senators understand, that
this cod fishing on the banks in these very fishing
vessels is about the most dangerous navigation
in the world ? They go down on the dangerous
banks; and in that region where they go for the
purpose of taking cod fish—not mackereling, but
engaged in this very business—they are constantly
exposed to fogs and to storms; northers, as they
are called, are frequent; the men are in continual
danger; it is a life requiring strength and nerve,
and calculated to give strength and nerve and
hardihood. From personal observation, I can
assert that there is not such a body of men any-
wheie to be found, within my knowledge, for
personal hardihood and endurance and courage.
Their very life is one constantly exposed to dan-
ger. Their daily habit is one of toil, and of toil
in the midst of danger, and requiring presence of
mind, courage, and coolness, such as are required
in hardly any other occupation in the world; and
they follow this up from boyhood. The conse-
quence is, that when their country calls for them,
there is a class of men of precisely the character
that is needed, as our naval officers of the last war
found—hardy men, strong men, brave men, reso-
lute men; and men, too, who from havinga home
and a stake in the country, fignt for it, with all
the zeal and all the ardor that those having the
largest stake in the country and animated by the
strongest emotions of patriotism feel on any occa-
sion. Why, sir, the glory of their ships and of
their country is more to them than to those who
live on land, and who, however proud they may
feel of the exploits of our Navy, have not that
personal interest in it which those who are actu-,
ally engaged in it wust feel. And yet, sir, the
Senator tells us that he learns from some persons
—I do not know who they are, some modern gen-
tlemen—that, in their opinion, these men have
much to unlearn; that they cannot be made sailors
of. Why, sir, experience has shown that they
are the very best sailors in the world. This is
the concurrent testimony of everybody who has
had any familiarity with them; and it is not enough
to read articles from one or two papers, owned
and published and edited by custom-house officers
in Massachusetts 
Mr. CLAY. I mgst correct the Senator. His
colleague made that charge here the other day. I
then denied it upon my best impressions, but he
very positively asserted that they were custom-
house officers. He named Mr. Bates and Mr.
Spinney. I took occasion this morning to go and
ascertain the fact, and at the time these statements
were made, neither of these men was a custom-
house officer, and one of them is not at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to one of them
whom the Senator calls Mr. Spinney, I know-he
was. I think his name is Finney. Theotherman
I do not know anything about.
Mr. CLAY. At the time these publications
were made, as I was assured, on an inspection of
the record in the Treasury Department, neither of
them was a custom-house officer.
Mr. HAMLIN. If my colleague will allow me,
I desire to say that I was informed by a gentle-
man residing in Massachusetts, a member of the
other House, that they w ere both connected with
the revenue,—not that they were collectors; and
that was my authority for the statement. I knew
one of the men personally, and I knew he had
been a collector at Barnstable. I knew him well.
Mr. CLAY. Such was not the fact when these
publications were made, as I am assured at the
Treasury Department, after examination.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, wherever it
comes from, I know that it is untrue. I know
that their statements are untrue, because I have
talked with many men of the highest character
and reputation with reference to all this matter,
over and over again, and I have the positive as-
surance as to the character of these men as sail-
ors; that they make the best in the world, and are
most readily found. Why, sir, there is a mem-
ber of the other House who knows all about this
matter, perfectly well. I know that if a vessel
about to sail from one of our ports can get a crew
made up of 'fishermen, it will give very much
higher wages, and can go for less amount of in-
surance than ordinarily. I have occasion to know
something about the American sailor, as contra-
distinguished from the foreigner, in my own ex-
perience. I once had opcasion to send a son of
mine as a passenger on board a vessel to make a
long voyage. I applied to the master, and he rec-
ommended his vessel to me as perfectly well cal-
culated for it, and he gave this reason: Said he,
" I have a crew of twenty-five men in the whole,
and if your son comes on board"—he was then a
young man—" there will, with myself, and mate,
and men, be ten Americans, and we can then take
care of any difficulty that we may have with these
foreigners on board."
There is another point which presents itself,
and which is material. I have spoken of the ne-
cessity. Now, is the bounty an inducement? Is
the business a poor one, in other words ? Does it
pay without the bounty ? Does the bounty have
any effect in keeping the business up? I have
adverted to one argument on that point by show-
inir how the business fell from 180/ to 1813.
Mr. CLAY. But the Senator omitted to men-
tion that that was partly under the influence of
the embargo act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that existed for
a short time, but it did not exist for all the period.
Mr. CLAY. It existed in 1808.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It commenced at that
time. I will avail myself of the testimony the
Senator read from one of these newspapers, m
order to show what the character of the business
is. On the twelfth page of his speech he cues the
Barnstable Patriot to this effect;
" Whilst it affords to the foreigner an opportunity to ac-
quire seamanship, it encourages-our own. young men into
the fisheries, who W'H|!,| otherwise enter immediately into
the merchant service, where they would* learn twice or
thrice as fast. Besides, the boy who once becomes a ftsii •
erman is often led to embrace it as a profession tor file—a
business the poorest, the hardest, the worse of. almost any
under the light of the sun."
I have shown, I think, the exceeding value of
these men, the necessity that the'country is under
of encouraging them; and I take this as an answer
to my second question, " is the nature of the busi-
ness such that it can sustain itself?" The writer
here says—and upon that point he might judge—
that it is the hardest and poorest and worst busi-
ness of any under the lightof the sun. The Sen-
ator, in the estimate that he made the other day,
took from Mr. Scudder's speech a statement of
an average of some sixty or seventy dollars a year
received in the whole by the common fishermen.
In late years the outside estimate of all that a man
makes by going fishing in the ordinary season is
within $150. Now, to Senators, that may look
like a very small sum. Perhaps the Senator from
Alabama does not know—many canrjot under-
stand—that fl50 to a certain class of men is of
any importance. It makes a large portion of their
livelihood. Taken in connection with what they
can'get from the soil, it becomes important. Is
the twenty dollars important ? I believe eighteen
or twenty dollars is about the amount received
from these allowances.
The Senator argued that the fisherman never
received the benefit of this. He is entirely mis-
taken. The fisherman has always received it.
He may not receive it in the shape of bounty paid
out at the end of the voyage? Why? Let us look
a little to see what the nature of this business is,
and what the nature of the men is. These peo-
ple who go to sea as boys, who engage in this
business, the hardest and poorest of any under
the light of the sun, have no capital to commence
with but their hands. They want a chance on
board a fishing vessel. They have been brought
up perhaps in open boats, in the in-shore fishing,
as it is called. It is important for them to get a
chance to earn something to support the family:
perhaps another member may stay at home. What
is the inducement? What has he got to do? Cap-
italists have very little inducements to enter into
this business, because its profits are always small.
Even taking the eleven per cent, which the Sen-
ator made out as a profit in one year, and making
all proper deductions—and he did not make all
proper deductions—that is a very small sum when
you take into consideration that another year a
man may make nothing; he may lose his whole
venture; a storm sometimes sweeps away the ves-
sel. It is all a matter of uncertainty. It is not
a thing that pays. You cannot go on board a
fishing vessel as you can on board a whaling ves-
sel, and start out to the Pacific ocean, and be
gone three years, with abundance of capital, and
almost a certainty that in the course of the-eruise
! you will meet with what you desire; and if you
' do meet it you have large profits in return. And
that is the difference between the common cod
fishing and the whale fishery. In the first place,
the cod fishing is infinitely more dangerous than
whaling. The dangers of whaling arise simply
from the capture of the creature itself. The ex-
posure to storms ill the regions where the whalers
go is very slight, while the cod fisherman is con-
tinually exposed to storms and fogs.
Again, the size of a ship in whaling prevents the
danger. As I said before, the profits of a whaling
voyage, if that voyage is only moderately suc-
cessful, are large, and capitalists are ready enough
to invest in it and have invested in it ana made it
the most profitable business in the world; for the
city of New Bedford is the richest city, in propor-
tion to its population, of any city on this continent,
simply from the profits of whale fishing. But the
profits of the ordinary cod fishery are so small
that it is difficult to get capitalists to invest in it at
all, and they do not, except in connection with
other business of larger description, and for the
sake of accommodation and keeping their hands
in all kinds of business connected with the sea. _
A fisherman wants to get a chance on board of
one of these vessels. How does he go? He goes
on shares; that is the nature of the voyage. What
must he do? In the first place he must get a ves-
sel; he must have his outfit; he must pay his
share of the outfit. How is a voyage got up?
A man who owns a vessel, if none of the sailors
