2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
are rich enough to own it, turns out his vessel and
ti£e crew immediately. It must be fitted out. Who
js.to do it ? They have no money. He has to do
it. He furnishes the outfit. The fishermen go
aboard on shares; they catch the fish; they bring
them ba<*k; they place them in the hands of the
owner of the vessel, He receives them; he dis-
poses of them; he makes an accdunt; he charges
each man with his outfit, and he charges him also
with his share of the proceeds of the fishing voy-
age, and*he credits him with the amount of bounty
which he receives, and he holds the bounty as se-
curity for his advance. That is the ordinary
course of fishing voyages.
Suppose those young men who thus begin life
and are thus aided, do not receive the money di-
rcctly, they receive the benefit in all cases. There
is notafisherman on ourshores who does not know
perfectly well what he is entitled to, by way of
bounty. How is he to be cheated out of it? He
may by possibility be cheated out of it in the way
of trade, but he sees that it is accounted for. It
is always brought into the account and made a
charge. Itis credited in connection with the sup-
plies with which he is charged and his portion of
the proceeds. That is the way these voyages are
got up generally, and I have formed some famil-
iarity with the matter from my practice as a law-
yer. A young man goes on board one of these
vessels in that way. Suppose him to be fortunate
and make something and be enabled to lay up
something. After two or three voyages he may
have afew hundred dollars. Hisneighborsabout
him may be as well off as he is. He may per-
haps find a dozen or twenty young fishermen, in
his neighborhood,who have also laid upa few hun-
dred dollars. They put them together and they
build a httle fishing smack. They divide it into
sixteenth parts, or thirty-second parts, or sixty-
fourth parts, and some of them will take it and go
fishing. They divide the profits in the same way.
One of them is ship's husband and stays at home.
Sometimes a man gets to be the owner of a fish-
ing smack himself, and if he has great skill in
financiering and great luck, he may get to be a
rich man; but where one of thera gets to be an
owner of fishing property, thousandsof them own
nothing, but only make from year to year enough
to help out their livelihood, proving the truth of
what this writer says that it is the poorest and
hardest business on the face of the earth. And
prosperous men may go out of it, as I said before,
mates of merchant ships, masters of clipper ships.
Seme of the greatest men in our mercantile ma-
rine and who have made it what itis, havegrown
from boys who began life as boys on board a
fishing smack, and also some of our richest mer-
chants have come from the same origin.
Now, sir, suppose what the Senator stated to
be true in reference to the profits that may be made
in a single year;thosuprofits, from his own show-
ing, accrue to the owner of the vessel, to those
who own the tonnage, and exclusively to them.
What becomes of the fisherman? Ifhe is cheated,
if' he is defrauded, the more need he has of en-
couragement, the more need he has of aid. But,
sir, my answer to all this statement is, that the
Senator's own speech shows, the citations which
he makes from the public prints show, the very
nature of the business shows from necessity, that
this bounty has been and will continue to be of
material aid in accomplishing the purpose for
which it was allowed. The question then, as I
said before, returns to precisely where it was
when I first stated it: is the object to be accom-
plished & valuable one, and if that object is a val-
uable o.ie; then, is the sacrifice the Government
makes to attain that object too great ?
Mr. President, the fact cannot be concealed.
Senators, if they have examined the history of
the country, (anu 1 have no doubt they have,)
must admit it, that if you are to have naval bat-
tier longnt hereafter, if you are to have war with
great nival Powers, and are to retain your stand-
ing up;\i the ocean, those battles must be fought
mainly by New Engls nd men. We are a people
aecr;sromed to the sea. Our location is such for
the iargeot portion of our territory that we are. ne-
cessarily exposed to it, and accustomed to it, and
lUminar with it, all its dangers, all its enterprises,
from boyhood up. There is where you must find
yoc.r .sailors. I hope, hereafter, you will find a
portion of your officers there. The officers gen-
erally cju:e ftoru this section of the country; but
it is there you must find your sailors. You may-
get a st>ldieranywhes".e in this country—go to any
section of it if you please; there is no difference.
We are a brave people. Everybody admits that.
The stock we come of is such that we could not
be otherwise than brave. A soldier is easily
made, and is easily found. It is not so with the
sailor. A sailor must be educated from his boy-
hood. He must be accustomed to the sea from
early life; and not only that, but you must have
a man who is capable not only of doing on board
a vessel the duties which belong to the ordinary
sailor, but you must have a man who is actuated
by the same spirit that your soldiers are when
you eome to fight your battles.
The question is, as I said before, whether the
country is ready to say, in view of all these facts,
about which there can certainly be no dispute, for
experience has proved them, that the sum we pay
for the purpose of educating such men, and keep-
ing this reserve corps of fighting men on hand, is
really too great to pay for it, and that it would be
better and wiser to let all these fisheries run down,
and the men go into other pursuits, travel away
from the ocean, become agriculturists or mechan-
ics, or engage in any other pursuit to which they
could lay their hands to give them a livelihood,
rather than encourage in them the love of the pur-
suit towards which their ideas have been turning
| from their earliest boyhood, and which has been
the pursuit of their ancestors from generation to
generation.
I have very little more to say on this subject, Mr.
President, because, as 1 said before, the matter
was so entirely exhausted by my colleague that
it really left me nothing to say. But there are one
or two points moie which were suggested by the
honorable Senator from Alabama which need a
word. He stated, towards the close of his speech,
that this system was demoralizing, because he
said he could prove from the records that it was
attended with a great degree of fraud. He did
not give us that proof; he waited for the assertion
to contradict it. If he had really desired—I am
speaking to him now as a matter of argument, not
makmgany personal allusion which would be un-
pleasant. to him—if he had really desired that the
truth should beeliminated from thisexammation,
why did he not let us know what his testimony
was, in order that we might have an opportunity
to comment upon it? Why does he reserve it for
the closing speech winch he claims for himself
as a matter of courtesy? Why keep back the
testimony on which he founds his assertions and
declare his intention of speaking last, when, ac-
cording to parliamentary rules, we can have no
opportunity to reply to him or comment on the
testimony upon which he so much relies?
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will pardon me, I
will tell him promptly it was because it was so
voluminous that I did not wish to tax the patience
of the Senate or fatigue myself with reading it. I
will say to him, though, that the communications
of all the collectors from Eastport to New Bed-
ford represent that the bounties obtained are in
fraud of the Treasury and in violation of the law.
The petition of the fishermen themselves of Glou-
cester, as I will read it, alleges that they cannot
comply with the regulations of the Department
without losing more than they can realize in the
bounty, that they had better abandon the bounty
than undertake to pursue the regulations laid
down by the Department—regulations which are
as old as these laws; and that I thought was suf-
ficient. evidence. I have too the evidence here of
forty-odd vessels engaged in catching fresh fish
for the market of New York, a few years ago, all
of which obtained bounty under a cod-fish license
as certified by the collectors. I did not present it
because of the time it would occupy. The papers
are at the service of the Senator or any of his col-
leagues. What the Secretary of the Treasury says
he says upon the warrant of testimony'ftirnished
to that Depai tment which would make a folio as
large as the largest family Bible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him how recently that testimony has
been taken ?
Mr. CLAY It has been furnished for a series
of years past I have gone back myself t.o the
time of Gcner.il Taylor's Administration, and to
the time when Mr. Cortvin was Secretary of the
Treasury. Coniolairns were made to Mr. Cor-
wm about the rigid enforcement of these regula-
tions, especially in respect to the taking of fresh
fish; and the fishermen of Gloucester, in Massa-
chusetts, as I will show, declared that they could
not comply with the regulations, without sinking
more money than they realized in the way of
bounty; and they said they had better throw away
their bounty than throw over their fresh fish. I
will state to the Senator, moreover, as I may take
occasion to use it in concluding this debate, that
the same assertions are made by Mr. Zeno Scud-
der in his speech, in 1852, in defense of the fish-
eries. He there maintains that you cannot com-
ply with the regulations of the Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I happen to know all abeut
that. It is difficult, undoubtedly, to comply with
the regulations of the Department; but I am speak-
ing of fraud. What the Senator hasjust presented
does not necessarily involve fraud. Fraud con-
sists, I suppose, in attempting to get the bounty
in fraud of the spirit of the law, without having
devoted to this pursuit the time required by the
law.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me for
a moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. They go on to allege specific in-
stances of fraud, as I have stated in the case of
forty vessels a few years ago that supplied the
New York market with fresh fish, and yet re-
alized the bounty. But here is the dilemma which
I will present to the Senator, and he may take
either horn he pleases: the fishermen of Glou-
cester, in their memorial to the Secretary of the
Treasury, declare that they had better give up the
bounties than yield the fresh fish trade; that if
they are obliged to throw over their fresh fish
which they catch in a voyage in order to realize
the bounty, they had better abandon the bounty
than throw away the fish, for they say the fresh
fish yield a better profit than the salt-eured cod,
and yet I say these vessels realized the bounty.
If they realized the bounty, they did so, accord-
ing to their own memorial, by a pecuniary sacri-
fice; they sunk more money to get the bounty
than they would have made if they had abandoned
the bounty. Now, is it supposable that they did
so?
Mr. FESSENDSN. That is precisely what I
expected to call out from the Senator; and I have
a perfectly conclusive answer to the whole of it.
The answer is that the Department mistook the
law. and it has been so decided by Judge Wood-
bury. His decision has been published, and may
be found and read—along, labored decision. The
original statute said that they should not engage
in any other business than cod fishing; and if they
did, they became liable to a penalty, and forfeited
their bounties, and forfeited their vessels. It was
held by the Department that if a vessel fitted out
for cod fishing, in the course of its cruise came
across a school of mackerel, it could not stop and
catch a few barrels of mackerel; but if they did,
theyengaged in another business, lost their boun-
ty, and forfeited their vessel.
Mr. CLAY. Do I understand the Senator to
say that that was no violation of the law ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That, I say, was held
by the Department to be a violation of the law.
Mr. CLAY. Does the Senator deny that it
was ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly I do, because
it has been judicially decidcd so.
Mr. CLAY. Then the judge who decided it
did so in the very teeth of the statute and in vio-
lation of its express language; because the bounty
is for catching cod fish, and for beius engaged "a
certain period of time, not less than four months,
in catching cod fish.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand all that; but
still, the Senator is mistaken, and the Department
were mistaken. Theyputon the law the construc-
tion that if a vessel which had taken out a license
for coil fishing started off, and in the course of its
cod-fishing voyage came across a school of mack-
erel, it could not stop for any length of time to take
mackoicl, and if it did, it forfeited the vessel and its
license, because it was engaging in another busi-
ness That was held In Urrorzin over the fisher-
men for years. Tiiey said, however, " all this
business is very uncertain; we mean to devote
honestly four months to fishing for cod fish: we
mean to give all that time; we will do it; but if, in
the course of our voyage, we come across a chance
to fill the barrels on board with mackerel, or any
