8048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to say a word to
the House. There is a story in circulation that
this section was put upon the bill surreptitiously.
As I am the chairman of the Committee of En-
rollment on the part of the House, and have had
charge of all the business, 1 desire to call the at-
tention of the House to that charge, and to say
that the bill came to the committee-room with all
the proper solemnities and forms which belong
to the two Houses, and I received it there and
had it enrolled. I consider it due to myself to
call the attention of the House to this fact at
once.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment, to enable me to say, in justification of
jnyself and of the Post Office Committee of the
Senate, that I have received a note from the chair-
man of that committee, stating that the commit-
tee never dreamed of such an application or con-
struction being given to this amendment as seems
to have been given to it by many members upon
this floor. It is not intended to apply to sea ser-
vice at all, but only tp land routes; and besides,
it establishes nothing, and does no more than au-
thorize the Postmaster General to act, or not act,
in-the premises as he may think best for the pub-
lic service. It is not at all unusual for general
legislation to be put upon post route bills; and
in this case the amendment of the Senate, I think,
pertains to the general subject embraced m the
bill, I have no personal feeling about it what-
ever.
Mr. STANTON. The idea I had was that it
•was reported from the Post Office Committee of
the Senate, and adopted without the Senatoknow-
ing what it was, and came to this House and was
agreed to without the House knowing what it
was,
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman is mistaken.
It was read in open Senate.
Mr. HAWKINS. "Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me for one word ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 cannot withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. HAWKINS. The gentleman^s informa-
tion is incorrect. The amendment was read in
the Senate and listened to attentively.
Mr. STANTON. All I have to say aboutit is
that I have been informed by a Senator from Vir-
ginia and a Senator from Pennsylvania that the
amendment was not read in the Senate.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have been informed to the
contrary.
Mr. WINSLOW.
ator from Florida.
Mr. STANTON.
A nd so have I, by the Sen-
I insist on the demand for ;
the previous question. :
The previous question on the passage of the bill :
was seconded, and the mam question ordered to ;
be put; and, under the operation thereof, the bill ;
was passed. ;
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote ,
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to ;
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVISION OF THE RULES.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution, to winch I presume there will be no op-
position:
Resolved, That a committee bo appointed, consisting of
the Speaker and four members, to bf' namrd by hnn, whose
duty u shall be to digest the rules ot order, to suggest such
^Iterations and amendments as they may deem advisable,
and to repot t the same back to the House for its action at
an early day in the next session.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out that provision which provides that the
members of the committee shall be named by the
Speaker, and insert " by vote of the IIousc."
Mr. WINSLOW. That amendment is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the gen-
tleman will be indulged m offering the amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it contemplated that the
committee shall sit during the recess?
Mr. WINSLOW. Certainly not. They are
to report at an early day the next session. They
will not require to be long in session.
Mr. PHILLIPS, I hope the gentleman will
modify his resolution so as to allow the commit- 1
tee to meet such committee as may be appointed
by the Senate, for the purpose of revising the
joint rules.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have no objection to that1
as an addition to my resolution.
The question being on Mr. Clemens's amend- ;
ment,  
Mr. CLEMENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clay and
Blair were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
aye 1, noes 130.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then adopted.
OLD SOLDIERS* BILL.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved* That the bill of the House (No. 259) granting
pensions to tbe soldiers of the war of 1812 and thu Indian
wars about that period, be made the special order for the
second Tuesday in December next, to continue from day to
day until finally disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAVIDSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Atkins,
Bennett, Bingham. Blan, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lm<ja.me, Burnett, Bums, Burroughs, Case, Cavanaugh,
E-cia Clark, John 13. Clark, Clavvson, Clay, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Ooekeiiii, CoJfav, Onimns, Corning, Covode,
Cox, Davidson, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean,
Dimihick, Duifee, Edie. Elliott, Fenton, Florence, Foley,
Fostei, Gartre^ Gtllis. Gihnan, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Gregtr. Grow.Robeit B. Hall, J. Moinson Harm, Hatch,
ILiwk'ms, Hoard, Horton. Howard, fluyier, Jevvett, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Leidy, Loiter, Humphrey Marshall. 8am-
uo| S. IMar-.hall, Mason, Matteson, Morgan, Edward Joy
Morns, Niblnek. Palmer, Barker, Peyton, Powell, Ready,
Reidy, Ricaud. RobMns, Robeits, Eoyee, Savage, Shoiter,
Singleton,Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Taluot, George Tay-
lor, Tompkins Trippe. Underwood, Walton, EHihu B.
Washburne, White, Wood, Wortendyke. and John V.
Wright—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Billinghurst, Bocock, Bojce, Branch,
Caskie, Clemens, Burton Crai«e, Curry, Davis of Mary-
land. Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of fowa,
Dowdell, Edmumlson, Garnett, Goode, Groesbeck, Thomas
L. Harris. Haskin, Hopkins, Houston, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Lovejov, Miles, Millson, Moore, Mott, Nichols. Pen-
dleton, Quitman, Rulhn, Sandidge, Scales, Henry M. Shaw,
WWham Smith, Miles Taylor, Wade, Walbridge, and
WiikJOW—40.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative.)
Pending the above call,
Mr. POTTLE stated that he was out when his
name was called; and that, if he had been pres-
ent, he would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. LETCHER would have voted m the neg-
ative.
Mr. PIILL would have voted in the negative.
On motion of Mr. SINGLETON, it was by
unanimous consent
Ordered. That leave be granted tor the withdrawal from
the files ot the House of rhe petiupn and papers in the case
or .1. W Ciane for lo-ses sustained in the Creek wur, m
order that they may be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the select
committee on the artists' memorial be continued
until the next session. j
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
ported.
Mr. SAVACrE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to reconsider the vote
just takeri, and also move that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NIAGARA PALLS CANAL.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I offer the following res-
olution :
Revolver?, That the select committee, to which was re-
ferred several memorials lelatmg to s\ ship canal round the
Falls of Niagara, be continued as organized until the 4th of
March next, with authority to report at any time.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I move that the rules be
suspended.
Mr. CRAIGE,of North Carolina. I move that
the House take a recess until half past five o 'clock,
p. m.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeaa
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules, and
call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige, of
North Carolina, and Marshall, of Kentucky,
were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 33, noes 98.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth of
those present voting in the affirmative.)
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had adopted the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses on the Post Office
appropriation bill.]
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that there
be appointed, by the Speaker, a committee of
three, to join with such committee as may be ap-
pointed by the Senate, to wait upon the President,
and inform him that the Houses have got through
with their business, and are ready to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to-, and Messrs. Smith,
of Tennessee, Gnow, and John C. Kunkel, were
appointed.
The question then recurring on the motion to
suspend the rules, it was taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 65, nays 69; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Andrews. Bennett, Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bowie, Brayton, Burhngame, Burroughs,
Caruthers, Ca&e. Ezra Claik, Horace F. Claik, dawson,
Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockenll,
Colfax, Connns, Covode, Cox, Dean, Dewart, Dinnmek,
Dodd, JDurfee, Elliott, Fenton, Foster, Goodwin, Grow,
Haskin, Hoard, Horton, Howard, John C. Kunkel. Leidy,
Lovejoj, Humphrey Marshall, Morgan. Edward Joy Morris,
Oliver A.Morse, Mott, Nichols, Pahner, Parker, Pendleton,
Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Searing. Judson W. Sherman,
William Smith, Spinner, Tappan, George Taylor, Tomp-
kins, Underwood, Wade, Walton, Ward, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, and Zolhcoller—65.
NAYS—Messrs, Ahl, Bocock, Bovce, Branch, Brvan,
Buffinton, Burnett, Burns, Caskie. Cavonaugh. Clay. Cobb,
Burton Craige, Cuny, Davis of lovva, Dowdell, Edie, Ed-
mundson, English, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gil-
hs, Oilman,Goode, Granger, Gregg, Groesbeck,Thomas L.
Harris, Hatch, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Jewert, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher,
McQueen, Mason, Matteson, Miles, Millson, Freeman H.
Morse,Niblack, Ohn, Peyton. Powell, Purvtanee, Quitman,
Ready, Rettty, Royce, Rutiin, Sandidge, Henry M. Shau-,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvorth, Stephens, Steven-
son, Miles Taylor, Walbiidge, White, Wortendyke, and
John V. Wuglu—69.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the above call,
Mr. CLEMENS said: Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand this is the resolution of the gentleman from
New York who, during this session, courteously
yielded me five minutes of his time, and I vote
ay.3'
The vote Vas then announced, as above re-
ported.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 556)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the30th of June, 1859; when the Speaker signed
the same.
ARTISTS' MEMORIAL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I renew my
motion for leave for the committee on the artists'
memorial to report at the next session of Con-
gress. It was raised so late that we have not been
able to attend to the subject at all.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. J. B. Hexry, hi.? Private
Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed a bill making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 3859.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Rewired, (the Senate concurring,} That the President of
