THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the distribution of this work away from a man I
who has the deepest interest and the best knowl- •
edge oil the subject, and transfer it to a clerk who ,
has no interest in it at ul!. So in relation to the j
Land Offioe report; additional numbers are or- ;
dered, and tiiev go to the Commissioner of the ;
General Land Oflico. AH these things are appro- j
prmte; they are best: ill my judgment they are 1
wisest, because the person into whose hainl^they
go is the hettd of that buieau, which lias (lie best ;
knowledge of the manner in which they should
be distributed, and will direct (hem in tliose ehan- ;
nels where they will do rlie most£OOtl. j
Now, sir, 1 hope, fiist, that the Senate will not i
conclude to abridge the number; and 1 hope, sec- !
ondly, that they will not change the mode of dis-,
tribution; and that they will appropriate, of what- j
ever number they may print, a portion to the j
members of the Senate for distribution by them. 1
I know very well — I am sensible that to the com- ,
niercial and Atlantic States this report is more j
important than lo tlie intei ior States; I grant that. ■
It is also true of almost any and every document •
you print, that you may find some locality of the j
country to which it is more appiopriate, in which !
a deeper interest is foil in the question to whu h J
it relates, than in others; but still, because that ■
may be the case, J infer there are no Senators on i
this floor who do not find many of their consul- j
uents who are interested directly m this work, '
and a number vastly beyond that which they can !
supply. My friend fiom New York [Mi. King] ;
suggests that it should tro to colleges and univer- j
sities, as containing scientific information, to be 1
preserved in their libraries. They wanta portion i
of that information much in the interior as they j
do in the Atlantic States. [ hope, sir, that the j
Senate, in its wisdom, will notadopt this report, j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator ]
from Maine and the Senator from Maryland have 1
spoken in opposition to the report of the commit-
tee. I submit to the Seiuve that each of those
gentlemen may be very excellent agents for the
distribution of works of tins charade); I do not
pretend to dispute it; but I can say for myself—
and there are many Scnatois around mo who, I
presume, will franklyacknowledge thesame thing
for themselves — that I nm wholly unfit to make
any distribution of this document: and, if I were
fit to make a distribution of it, I know X have no
place within my State to which I could transmit
it profitably, unless to a college, or some insiitu-
tion of learning. This, undeniably, is the general
feeling of the Senate. I know it is so; and gen-
tlemen utter it around me as I stand here speak-
ing to you. It is a fact; yet, to enable the Sen-
ator f om Maine, and my honorable friend from
Maryland, and a few other gentlemen, to distrib-
ute, out of the five thousand, what would be their
proportion—eighty copies each—there are five
thousand to be printed, the great ma& of which
will be wasted.
Mr. PEA RCE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. Certainly.
Mr. I'EARCE. So far as 1 am concerned, I do
not care about five thousand copies being printed
for the use uf the Senate. 1 wish ten thousand
printed, because I think the navigating; and com- .
mercial interests of the country require that many J
to be printed. I think the vast number of vessels, j
to nil of which these Coast Survey reports are of '
great value because of the maps they" contain. 1
are so many that ten thousand will by no means '
overstock t hem; but I am perfectly willing to re-1
duce the number printed for ihe use of the Senate, i
A thousand or fifteen hundred would be enough, ;
so far as I care anything about it. The rest I j
should like to have distributed by the Coast Sur-
vey Office. >
Mr. JOHNSON, of* Arkansas. Hitherto ten 1
thousand copies have been printed, five thousand ,
of them going to the members of the Senate for j
distribution. You call on us to curtail that por- i
tion of the public printing which it is possible to j
curtail. As a general allegation, I find no one I
who disputes that the public printing is becoming j
an extravagant and vicious system, wasteful to i
the last degree. So pointedly and permanently is i
tins idea fixed on the public mind, that the abuses !
of the system are condemned fi om ihe lips of every i
gentleman m the Senate who says anything in ie-
gard to it. Each Senator who speaks of it vies i
with the other, whoever he may be, to see who i
shall, with thogroatestbittomcss,and in thebroad- •
est manner, denounce, totally, the vicious system
of public printing we now have. • i
Here is the first effort made to reduce it. Here '
is a proposition that involves the cxpenditnie of
£40,000, which we propose to redu  e. We do not
cutit off altogether because of Us inutil.ty, hut to
reduce it and to alter the manner of dishibuting
the work. We feil that the present mode of dis-
tribution is vain and a waste of the public memi.--;
and to ihat extent we propose to cut it off. The
honorable Senatorirom Maine cannot btmg him- ;
self to sustain a proposition which will relieve
him from the crying sorrow that oppresses his !
heart in regard to* the vicious nature of our public |
printing. j
The honorable Senator from Maryland says, :
he does not cai e about the five thousand copies for
distribution by members of the Senate. He knows
how to make a proper disposition of these works. :
He has-been long connected with this particular
branch of service, so far as his duties on this floor
areconeerned,atulis more familiar, I believe, with
it, than ;my member of this body, i appreciate
that declaration on his part. Bui mark you, at
the very moment that he makes that declaration,
he ca'ls for a,i inciease of this printing over and
above what it ever has been heretofore; for I hold
that there has never heretofore been any enlight-
ened or intelligent distribution of more than one
thousand copies of this document out of the five
thousand given to the members of the Senate. Let
us have the same amount now that heretofore has
been distributed intelligently—namely, the five
thousand delivered to the Coast Survey Office, and
the one thousand distributed pioperly by this
body; and that will be six thousand copies. The
Senator from Maryland wishes to add four thou-
sand copies to that number. I want to cut off
those four thousand. That is precisely the dif-
ference between him and myself on that point.
Now, as to the utility of the work; it is not for
the Committee on Pointing lo take up that ques-
tion. That is a question which belongs to the
Senate, and should be brought before the body
by some ot her committee. Whenever the utility
of the work shall be debated here, on a proper
occasion, I shall express my doubts as to its gieat
utility. I am satisfied thai an institution, a bu-
reau, has been growing from the moment of its
establishment, until it has become a concern that
I think ought to be looked into, to speak frankly
about U. It has grown incessantly and constantly.
From the inquiry I can make—it is tiue,it is not
official, or not of that character upon which I can
place great reliance—I learn that it has been grow--
ing steadily fiom year to year, and I can see no
period when there will be a cessation of the sur-
vey of the waters along the coast of the United
States: no period at which the information will all
have been obtained, and the work completed.
The Senator from Maine speaks of the neces-
sity of the distribution. I believe L have said
enough about the distribution by the members of
the Senate. I will speak now as to the manner
of distribution, wherein the committee propose
to confer the power on the Secietary of the Treas-
ury. The Senator from Maine says wc propose
to take it away from the gentleman at the head of
that bureau, the object of whose life it has been
to perfect this system, and to whom it is very
dear. 1 should like to know whether, because
particular branches of the public service are dear
to the hearts of the gentlemen who have them in
charge, the Senator will ask us to base ouraction
on that ground? What have we to do with that?
That is not a legiiimaie matter to be presented
here. Whatever may lie the affecti m of any pub-
he. officer for any paiticular woik, I see no ocea-,
j siou for us to pay any respect or regard to it in
i our action. The public service is the subject to
| be considered by us, and noihing else.
j The Senator from Maine dwells upon the fact
that we propose to take this distribution from the
office containing, in such an eminent degree, the
intelligence and capacity of which he spoke, and
put it into the hands of some clerk under the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as he said. I would ask
if the Secretaries of the Treasury, who have held
that position under nny past Administration in
this Government, arc justly entitled to a criticism
of that characteu especially in connection with a
branch of service deemed by the honorable gen-
tleman himself to be of so much pubhcimportance?
What would be the course that would betaken in
thismattcr? I submit to Senators that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would proceed at once nat-
urally to pei form this public service in ihe very
best ami most effective manner possible. What
step would he take, in the fust place, in order to
do so? [lis very first step would be to call on
that burenu to inform him as lo the manner in
vhifih they have hitherto distributed these docu-
ments; his next step, I take it, would be to re-
quest the head of th" bureau to submit some reg-
ular system upon which the distribution should
be conducied,so that rules and regulations might
be made in regard to it, and so that it would not
be left discretionary with a subordinate head of
a bureau. Those regulations, of necessity, would
allow the whole distribution to go into the hands
of that subordinate head of a bureau. The Sec-
retary, as a wise officer, would take that course,
and there would ex«st some responsibility over
that offii-ei; for, with ail his pride in and regard
for the service, Professor Bache may not live al-
ways. We are not legislating for men, but for the
service. The service wouid at once go into the
hands of the subordinate, subject to responsibility
to the head of the Dcpaitment, who is respons-
ible to us, and who can be made accountable for
the discharge of his duties. The fact is, that
what we propose is nothing moie than an addi-
tional accountability, on the part of a subordin-
ate head of a bureau, to his superior officer, the
Secretary of the Treasury; and the Secietary of
the Treasury is responsible here. Through him
the. Government is made responsible. If Con-
gress keeps it in the hands of a bureau, every
Administration may reply: u we are not respons-
ible for that bureau; you have not given us charge
of that business; you have chosen to give it to a
bureau that is beneath us, it is true, in pomt of
dignity, but you leave it to their discretion en-
tirely." The system is vicious, and there is an
absence of that responsibility which undoubtedly
ought to exist.
j I really speak of this subject from some calm
consideration, and from conversation with those
; in whose judgment I have very great confidence.
! The distribution m this instance, I am sure, will
! not be taken from Professor Bache—not that the
; Secretary of the Treasury has ever expressed
1 such a wish, because 1 have never heard of his
| doing so; but the natural course of things is, that
i the Secretary of the Treasury would adopt a sys-
| tem for hirn to carry out. Then, if the present
| head of th.tt bureau, or any future one that may
■ be appointed, shall fail to comply with that sys-
j tem of distribution, the Department will be the
! first to find it out and rectify it, and it will not
depend on the uncertain watchfulness of Congress
' to ascertain what abuses may be there. I believe
: it is absolutely essential that we should put all
I these officers in a position to be as early, as imme-
1 dlately, and as precisely held to a rigid respons-
; ibility a3 it is possible by the legislation that may
: be had here to render them, on this subject as
\ well as on all others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator from
Arkansas closes his lemarks, I wish to ask him
a question or two, with his permission.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first question is, what
is the whole amount that the printing of these ten
thousand copies will cost?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall notstate
the sum to a cent, but I think it is over forty-four
thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. Then suppose you deduct
one hnlf—five thousand—how much will that de-
duet from the whole amount?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I cannot give
you the exact sum, but it costs about one third
les-*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As much as that?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. My belief is
about one third less; but f cannot state precisely.
Mr. ICING. What is the cost of the five thou-
sand ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The cost of the
printing of what, is called the usual number, in
which all the heavy expense is included, will be
§7,425 30. We are now acting upon ihe propriety
of printing extra numbers. It is esinnated that
each thousand extra copies afterwards will cost
$3,452; multiplying that by ten would give
$$4,520; one half of $34,52*) is precisely the
