1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
080
amount that wilt ho saved by cutting off the extra
fj\e ihousand copies. Seventeen thousand two
bundled and sixty dollnrs is the amount which
wiU bo saved by the adoption of the resolution
repotted by the Committee on Piintmg.
I shall not detain ihe Senate longer on this mat-
tor. I will only say that the committee sincerely
believe tli.it the action which they propose, not
only in this case but in similar ones, is the best
policy which cm be adopted. Tiiey arc satisfied
it will not change the nature of the distribution;
except, perhaps, to corrcct some vices that may
have grown up. I am very certain that in some
of the other bureaus there have been very consid-
erable \ices growing up from the system of irre-
sponsibility. That there have been any in this
particular instance I cannot say. I am satisfied
in regard to the Patent Office report, that the sys-
tem of distribution, irresponsible to any head
other than Congress, has been distinguished by
improper action—I will not say such as is dis-
honorable, at all; but certainly improper and im-
provident action and conduct. I feci satisfied of
that in the histoi y of the past. I see no icflection
that would be cast on the head of this particular
bureau, if this resolution should be adopted.
Then pfHSsing; that by, I appeal to the Senate,
on tile first effort we make, where I think we
show a very plain'case, in regard to this public
punting, for their support, that we may begin
somewhere to curtail a system which all men unite
in declaring the most vicious, the most extrava-
gant, and most outrageous that has grown up in
this Government.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume the Senate will
fnlly concur with the honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas in the last assertion whicii he has made;
and I presume that a general desire exists in the
Senate to curtail our expenditures for public print-
ing, With somewhat of that view, we have raised
a very able committee—a committee in whose
judgment I have the most entire confidence; and
whenever they come in here and deliberately rec-
ommend a curtailment of any particular article of
printing, I shall with great pleasure support the
committee; but I differ from my friend from
Arkansas in relation to the distribution of these
books. Whatever number may be printed, I re-
spectfully contend that the Coast Survey office,
having an immediate interest in the production
of the work, an esprit du corps and a pride, having
already made its arrangements during past time
for the best distribution of this work, and being
a permanent body, improving its system from
time to time, is the most appropriate body for its
distribution; and that the works distributed by
the Coast Survey will reach those channels where
they will do the" moat good. I also contend that,
whatever number may be printed, the members
of the Senate should have an oppoitunity of dis-
tributing them—a poition of them,at least. I say
nothing for the States that have no seaboard 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt htm?
Mr. xMALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to say
that it is not proposed by this resolution to de-
prive the bureau of the distribution of this work;
it only proposes to place it in charge of the De-
partment under which the head of this bureau is
employed. It does not take it away fiom him,
but it renders him responsible to his superior,
the head of the Department, who is immediately
responsible to us.
Mr. MALLORY. I was going on to observe
that, for those who come from the Atlantic sea-
board, I may safely say that no document which
is distributed by Congress is more acceptable to a
large number of their constituents than this work,
the report of the Coast Survey. It is very eagerly
sought for, not only by those immediately engaged
in navigation, but by those remotely connected
with it.° I will make no particular point 011 my
friend from Aikansas, as to the distribution be-
tween the Coast Survey office and the Treasury
Department, for lam willing to concede that the
Secretary of the Treasury would probably follow
the system which he found already in existence,
and perhaps I may yield to my friend from Ar-
kansas, that he is better versed on that point than
any of us; but so far as the distribution is con-
cerned by the Senate, although the Senator from
Arkansas, having no seaboard in his State, may
not feel able to raake a proper distribution of this
work, I know that those who come from the At-
lantic seaboard earnestly desire the opportunity
of doinjr so. [Question.1
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call tip the special order at this hour.
M r. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I d csire to ask,
as a matter of information in regard to the busi-
ness before the Senate, what becomes of this res-
olution > May it be called up to-morrow in the
moi mng hour*
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may be called
up to-morrow at any time after petitions and re-
ports. If not called up, it takes its place on the
Calendar.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the special order,
the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, eight years
as:o we slew the Wilmot proviso in the Senate
Chamber, and buried it with triumphal demon-
strations, under the floors of tlie Capitol. Four
years later we exploded altogether the time-
honored system of governing the Territories by
Federal rules and regulations, and published and
proclaimed in its stead a new gospel of popular
sovereignty, whose ways, like those of wisdom,
wore to be ways of pleasantness, and all of whose
paths were supposed to be flowery paths of peace.
Nevertheless, the question whether there shall be
slavery or no slavery in the Territories, is again
the stirring passage of the day. The restless
proviso has burst the cerements of the grave, and
striking hands here in our very presence with the
gentle spirit of popular sovereignty run mad, is
seen raging freely in our Halls, scattering dis-
may among the administration benches in both
Houses of Congress. Thus an old and unwel-
come lesson is read to us anew. The question
of slavery in the Federal Territories, which are
the nurse'ries of future States, independently of
all its moral and humane elements, involves a
dynastical struggle of two antagonistical systems,
the labor of slaves and the labor of freemen, for
mastery in the Federal Union. One of these sys-
tems partakes of an aristocratic character; the
other is purely democratic. Each one of the
existing States has staked, or it will ultimately
stake, not only its internal welfare, but also its
influence in the Federal councils, 011 the decision
of that contest. Such a struggle is not to be ar-
rested,quelled,or reconciled,by temporary expe-
dients or compromises.
Mr. President, I always engage reluctantly in
these discussions, which awaken passion just in
the 'degree that their importance demands the
impartial umpirage of reason. This reluctance
deepens now, when I look around me, and count
the able contestants who have newly entered the
lists on either side; and shadowy forms of many
great and honored statesmen who once were elo-
quent in these disputes, but whose tongues have
since become stringlessinstruments,rise upbefore
me. It is, however, a maxim in military science,
that, m preparation for war, every one should
think as if the last event depended on his coun-
sel; and, in every great battle, each one should
fight as if he were the only champion. The prin-
ciple, perhaps, is equally sound in political af-
fairs. If it be possible, I shall perform my present
duty in such a way as to wound no just sensibil-
ities. I must, however, review the action of Pres-
idents, Senates, and Congresses. I do indeed,
with all my heart, reject the instruction given
by the Italian master of political science, which
teaches that all men are bad by nature, and that
they will not fail to show this depravity whenever
they have a fair opportunity. But jealousy of
executive power is a high practical virtue in Re-
publics; and we shall find it hard to deny the jus-
tice of the character of free legislative bodies which
Charles James Fox drew, when he said that the
British House of Commons, of which he was at
the moment equally an ornament and an idol, like
every other popular assembly, must be viewed as
a mass of men capable of too much attachment
and too much animosity; capable of bein? biased
by weak, and even wicked, motives, and liable to
be governed by ministerial influence, by caprice,
and by corruption. ^ .
Mr. President, I propose to inquire,in the first
pla'co, why the question before us isr attended by
real or apparent dangers.
1 think our apprehensions are in part due to
the intrinsic importance of the transaction con-
cerned. Whenever we add a new column to the
Federal colonnade, we need to lay its foundations
so firmly, to shape its shaft with such just pro-
portions, to poise it with such exactness, anu to
adjust its connections with the existing struc-
ture so carefully, that instead of falling prema-
turely, and dlagging other and venerable columns
with it to the ground, it may stand erect forever, in-
creasing the grandeur and the stability of the whole
massive and imperial fabric. Still, the admission
of a new State is not necessarily or even custom-
arily attended by either embarrassments or alarms.
We have already admitted eighteen new States
without serious commotions, except in the cases
of Missouri, Texas, and California. We are.
even now admitting two others, Minnesota and
Oregon:and these transactions go on so smoothly,
that only close observers arc aware that wc are
thus consolidating our dominion on the shores of
Lake Superior, and almost at the gates of the
Arctic ocean.
It is manifest that the apprehended difficulties
in the present case have some relation to the dis-
pute concerning slavery which is raging within
the Territory of Kansas. Yet it must be remem-
bered that nine of the new States which have been
admitted expressly established slavery, or toler-
ated it, and nine of them foibade u. The excite-
ment, therefoie, is due to peculiar circumstances.
I think there are three of them, namely:
Fiist. That whereas, in the beginning, the as-
cendency of the slave States was absolute, it ii
now being reversed.
Second. That whereas, heretofore, the national
Government favored this change of balance from
the slave States to the free States, it has now re-
versed this policy, and opposes the change.
Third. That national intervention in the Ter-
ritories in favor of slave labor and slave States, is
opposed to the natural, social, and moral devel-
opments of the Republic.
It seems almost unnecessary to demonstrate the
first of these propositions. In the beginning, there
were twelve slave States, and only one that was
free. Now, six of those twelve have become free;
and there are sixteen free States to fifteen slave
States. If the three candidates now here, Kan-
sas, Minnesota, and Oregon, shall be admitted as
free States, then there will be nineteen free States
to fifteen slave States. Originally, there were
twenty-fourSenators of slave States, and only two
of a free State; now, there are thirty-two Sena-
tors of free States, and thirty of slave States. In
the first constitutional Congress, the slave States
had fifty-seven Representatives, and the one free
State had only eight; now, the free States have
one hundred and forty-fourRepresentatives, while
the slave States have only ninety. These changes
have happened m a period during which the slave
States have almost uninterruptedly exercised par-
amount influence in the Government,and notwith-
standing the Constitution itself has opposed well-
known checks to the relative increase of repre*
sentation of free States. 1 assume, therefore, the
truth of my first proposition.
1 suggested,sir,asecond circumstance, namely,
that whereas, in the earlier age of the Republic,
the national Government favored this change, yet
it has since altogether reversed that policy, and
it now opposes the change. I do not claim that
heretofore the national Government always, or
even habitually, intervened in the Territories in
favor of the free States, but only that such inter-
vention preponderated. While slavery existed
in all of the States but one, at the beginning, yet
it was far less intense in the northern than in some
of the southern States. All of the former contem-
plated an early emancipation. The fathers seem
not to have anticipated an enlargement of the
national territory; consequently, they expected
that all the new States to be thereafter admitted
would be organized upon subdivisions of the then
existing States, or upon divisions of the then ex-
isting national domain. That domain lay behind
the thirteen States, and stretched from the Lakes
to the Gulf, and was bounded westward by the
Mississippi. It was naturally divided by the
Ohio river, and the Northwest Territory and the
Southwest Territory were organized on thatdivi-
sion. It was foreseen, even then, that the new
