1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
vs <- adjourn iheir r'^pecuve IIuu e3 bine die, this day, at
pa-t two o'clock, p. m
.Mr. SMI TH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. JE WETT, of Kentucky. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I will withdraw
my objection if I can get the floor to offer a reso-
lution of inquiry, winch I have been seeking an
opportunity for the last fortnight to offer.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under its operation,
the resolution was adopted.
CONSULAR OFFICERS.
Mr. BOWIE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; winch was read, con-
sidered, <md Agreed to:
Ileiohtf. That the Presidentof the United States be, and 1
l)i> i- hereby, request* d io communicate to the Hou~c,at !
n- n«-\t whether any eon ui general. consul, or !
commercial ajjent, embraced in section l> ot the actot 18th
An2U-i. In.75. ha- been engaged, m violation or'said act.rn
iiK'ieatiiiie bu<-inf>--*  >= a meicharit. laetoi, broker, oi other
tiad'-r. or a- a ch-ik < r airent of any such per-on, directly
or lndm-cm ; and that he communicate to tins Hou>e aii
information cirul correspondence that may have been ie-
ceived on the subject.
EMPLOYES OF THE GOVERNMENT. |
Mr. HOARD asked unanimous consent to of- ;
fir the following resolution:
Resolved. That the President of the United State* be le-
rpj. -t< <1 to can-*" to bo fnrm.-hed to tins IIou^c. as t oon as
p'.ic ncablealter  he :ir*t Mondav m December next.a com-
plete U.-tof all person- emplojed m permanentortcmi>oriry
Mtu it ion- .is. elei k*. aji'MH-, Mipenntemh ::ts. comnn*-ion-
(i - . -top'-krop.-r-. civil engineer-, draught-men. computer!*,
hs' -*ru'jei*. a—i-tant ni<:--enu<jr-, luboi<j,">, and all otnei
j) r-oh-(ionis cleneal or nie*<enger'> duty m each ofthe De-
pmiui"iii>. bureau-, and office- connecfd nun tin* «\\pcu-
tiv 'srhiicb o; the Government in the em' of Washington,
inchi(ii!i2 tlu* office-, of the Supeiinfndent of the Coast
Snrvv. the Superintendent of Public Printing, the Supei-
]*ii' nd nit of tin-National Obscivatoiv. tlie Commi^-ioner
of Public nuil.iin"-:, .*ikvo; in? and exploring expedition?,
til-* marine hairaek-. the navy-jard, tiie military asylum,
mi.! tiie .i '-eual and it- appendage?, at the end of the fi-cai
a i '-iiilmf; June 30. 18-)?. and at tne end or"the ri>ca! years
'l-'i- and IM^; with the rate oi competition o! each ent-
p..i' >. and the State and conirie—lonal distner (according io
j>f'**i'!.f apportionment) where lie or &he redded at tiie tune
of . •n onmii«>n .
Mr. CLEMEN'S. I object to the resolution.
Tin lr.fnrnmtion is already ill the Blue Book.
Mr. HOARD. I move to suspend the rules
Mr. RUFFIN. I would surest an araend-
m.'iif, so as to reqmie the name of the place
\v!:i'ie the person was appointed.
Mr. KE1TT. An J how many children they
li-ive. [LauirhtLi-.]
Mr. HOARD. I call for tellers oil the motion
to •.usnend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houarb
and Foley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes G2, noes 59.
' So (two thirds not voting m favor thereof) the
lull's were not suspended.
MESSAGE FR03I THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickin-s, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
] louse, entitled "An act in relation to courts and
the holding of the terms thereof in the several
Temtoiies°of the United States." Also, that
tli.' Senate had agreed to the resolution ot the
J Lmi w for the appointment of a committee to
wait upon the President oi the United States, and
inform him that if he lias 110 farther communica-
tion to make, the two Houses are now ready to
close the present session of Congress.
PAY, ETC.. OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SMITH, of Virtrmia, by unanimous con-
s, 111, offered the following resolution; which was
1 >• id, considered, and agreed to:
/.Vto.w, That the Sporeuiu of the Navy lip, and lie is
hep :i\. requested to repoit to tins? House at liie opening of
H- next session: , . . .
l-t The pav and amount of allowances made bv existing
i.fv to each gi'ade of the commissioned officers ot theNavy
01 tin* rntteii States. and a similar statement as t° the cor-
iM-i,nndiuj! atade> in the naval ser\ice of Great Biitam.
Fianef, and Kn^ia, the whole to be ptesented in US results
in tabular form. , ,
x>d. lh> opinion, as to the policy of increasing the giade
or rank irmur naval service, the numbei ot each ot Mich
in<-i<M-« d jti de «r uiade- and the amount of pay, etc., to
fu- allowed to each o{ f-uoh guides.
3d. The number of oflicers, of each ?rade, necessary to
command our Navy as now existing by law, allowing no
crime to be of longer duration than two years, and noleave
on fchore for more than my months, and the pay, &c , which
should be allowed to such sea-going officers, riot discrimi-
nating between being at sea or on &hore under the limita-
tions btated.
4th. The number of officers of each grade necessary to
command and manage the various establishments on *hore
of every description connected with our naval service, in-
cluding the bureaus.See ,specnvingeach establishment,'and
the number of officers, with their grades, in each, and the ag-
gregate of all such officers, to be of those no longer fit, from
any cause, for sea going seivice, yet worthy, capable, and
fit for duty on shore ; and, to pieverit shore duty from being
sought by sea going officers, to report the per eentum of de-
crease from sea-going pay which should be allowed to those
on duty on shore only.
5th. The pay or pension which should be allowed to such
officers as are not fit for duty, afloat or on shore, without
any dement or fault of their own, and who. in all such
ca.-es, are retired from service arid taken from the line of
promotion.
ENROLLED BILL. *
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
! found truly enrolled,
i An act (H. R. No. 59) in relation to courts,
and the holding of the terms thereof, in the sev-
• eral Territories of tiie United States; when the
, Speaker signed the same.
! PAY OF A STENOGRAPHER.
| Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of (he House to offer ftvfollowing resolution:
: Resolved, That there be pa>d to the stenographer of the
select committee raided to inquire into the fact-and cir-
cum-tances attending the sale of the Peniisvlvauia Bank
I property to the United States, the sum of $-200 for his ser-
vices 111 lepoitmg the testimony taken belore the said com-
mittee.
: Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
1 resolution. The committee only examined two
■ or three witnesses.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the rules,
and with the consent of the House I will make a
brief explanation. The committee could not get
that testimony reported without the aid of this
stenographer. We fixed upon this small sum, be-
lieving that the House wa«? willing to pay for the
services of this gentleman, and if theie any ob-
jection to the amount, I will strike that out and
- insert the usiud compensation. It is but just that
' the reporter who has performed his duties faith-
fully should be paid.
Mr. BURNETT. I would ask if this stenog-
1 mpher was not at the same time stenographer
to another committee:
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; he was not.
;! Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Was the
!' stenographer employed by the authority of the
House5
Mr. FLORENCE. The committee could not
, have fulfilled the duty devolved upon them with-
out the aid of this gentleman, and the sum is
very small.
I Mr. GILMAN. I cheerfully concur m all that
' has been said by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
; Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
! Tellers were appointed, and Messrs. Clark, of
,! Connecticut, and Cockerill, were appointed.
ii The House divided, and the tellers reported
;j  ayes 92, noes 9. No quorum voting:.
ji Mr. FLORENCE demanded the veas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Penn-
li sylvania will modify his resolution, so as to give
this reporter the usual rate of compensation, I
j! presume there will be no difficulty. lie ought to
ij be paid.
h Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to that.
|t Mr. LETCHER. I understand that will he
j more than the sum named m the resolution. I
■' object.
II The question was taken; awd it was decided m
■ the affirmative—yeas 111) nays 18; as follows:
'I YE4.S—Messrs Ahl. Arnold. Avery, Bennett, Billing-
lun.-t", Bingham. Blair, Branch.' Brayton, Buftinron. 15ur-
'I luijiame, BiuiiPit. Burns, Cavaoaugh, Earn Claik, Horace
F. Viaik, dawson. Clay, Cockerill, Colfax. Oomms, < "or-
!| mil" Covode. Cox, Ctagm< Burton Crai^e, Curtis, IXuid-
'' son! Davis uf Man land, Davi* of ML^aehuseu-*-. Wi^ of
j' Iowa, Dean. Dewait. Dummck, Dodd, Doudell. Durfpe,
;; Flniencu, IViev. Fo>|.'i, Garnett. Gilhs,. Gilinan,
O'oode. Goodwin. Graugei. Grogs:, Giow , '1 homas 1^. Har-
iis. lla^kin, Hawkins, llill. Hoaid, Ilou-jon. Howaid. S.
Glanev Joiic. Kent. Knapp, Jaoh M. kunkel. Jojm C.
Kunkel. Leidv, Jieiter. Letcher.Lovejoy.Maue^on di.e,,
Mill.-on.^Iotj.i'i. lvh> aid Jo) Moms. Freeuun H. Moi-m-,
iMott. Nibl.Kk, hoi-. Oho, Fahrtei. Pendleton.,
Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Purviance, Quitman,
Reagan, Ritchie, Rabbins, Roberts, Sandidge, Scales;
Scott, Judson W. Sliernmn, Sliorter, Sickles, Singleton^
Samuel A Smith, William Smith, Spinner, James A,
Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Tnppe, Underwood, Walbridge, Ward, Israel Washburn,
White. Window, Wood, and Wortendvke—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Burroughs, Oaskie. Cobb. James Craig,
Faulkner, Groesbeck. Lawrence W. Hall, Hopkins, Huy-
!er, Jewett, George W. Jones. McQueen, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mason, Ready, Royce, Ruffin, and Stevenson—IS.
So tiie rules were suspended, (two thirdshaving
voted in favor thereof.)
During the call of the roll,
! Mr. HOUSTON said: I understand the gen-
i tleman from Pennsylvania is willing to modify
: his resolution, so as to allow this stenographer to
: be paid at the same rate the others are paid, and
■ I presume the resolution may be received by unan-
i imous consent, without going through with the
I call of the yeas and nays.
! The SPEAKER. The House, by a vote, has
■ just ascertained that no quorum was piesent, and
: the Chair thinks the roll had better be called.
! The result having been announced,
Mr. FLORENCE. I now, in accordance with
1 what seems to be the wish of gentlemen around
me, move to amend by striking out " $200," and
inserting " the usual rate of compensation."
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
I lution, as amended, adopted,
j. Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the resolution was adopted; and also
j moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
I table.
] | The latter motion was agreed to.
Ii REPORT FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from thecommit-
, tee appointed to wait on the President, reported
that they had performed that duty, and that he
' informed them that he had no further communi-
; cation to make to Congress.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the House then took
a recess until a quarter before six, p. m.
!
EVENING SESSION.
: The House reassembled at a quarter before six.
PRINTING OF EVANS'S GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
call up the motion to reconsider the vote on the
, resolution ordering the geological report of Dr.
i Evans's survey of Oregon and Washington to be
i printed. I understand the gentleman from Ten-
mssee, [Mr. Jones,] who made the motion to re-
consider, is willing to withdraw it.
i Mi. RUFFIN. I object to that.
; The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
; Ymk has the right to call up the motion to recon-
sider.
: [A message was here leceived from the Senate
by Mr. Die kin s, their Secretary, informing the
House that in the temporary abscnce of the Vice
President, the Senate had elected Benjamin Fitz-
patrick as President pro tempore.]
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman from New York how much the
printing of this book will cost?
Mr. BENNETT. I understand it will cost
, $26,000.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish simply to
; say that, while any member has the right to call
' up the motion to reconsider, no gentleman has
■ the right to withdraw it, if objection be made. I
understand that objection is made to my with-
drawing the motion. In my opinion, it is not
. necessary to print this document at all; but the
House can dispose of the motion to reconsider as
it shall see propel.
i Mr. BENNETT. I wish to say simply that
the whole expense which has been incurred m
making this survey will be lost, unless this report
is pruned. It is not proposed to print any extra
numbers at all. The resolution is simply to print
■ the usual number.
j Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to know if this matter
; has hot been referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, and if they have not declined to recommend
, aiiy action on the subject for the present session?
1 understand ihcy have postponed the matter until
the next session.
Mr. BENNETT. That was in relation to the
1 printing of extra copies.
Mr. SINGLETON. In reply to the inquiry
i of the gentleman from North Carolina, I will say
