3050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
that the question has been before the Committee
on Printing, and that we came to the conclusion
that the matter required more investigation than
we were able to give it during the present session.
We therefore postponed all action on the subject
until the next session. It is very doubtful whether
it ought to be printed at all.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Are there
plates and drawings to accompany the work ?
Mr. SINGLETON. Thereare both plates and
drawings.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say that I
saw Dr. Evans, the geojogist who made the sur-
vey, during the recess; and he informed me that
there were both plates and drawings to accom-
pany the report, which are to be-printed, if it is
printed at all. I understood from him that it was
desirable that five thousand extra copies should i
be printed, and that the cost of printing, as esti- j
mated by the Commissioner of the General Land i
Office, would be some twenty-two thousand dol- j
lars; and that, according to the estimate of the j
Superintendent of Public Printing, the cost would j
be $23,000. I understood the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] who is a member of the
Committee on Printing, that, according to their
estimate, the cost would be $16,000.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
At this time much confusion prevailed in the
Hall.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appeals to gen-
tlemen to resume their seats and preserve order.
The Chair hopes the House will rise in order, if
they have not been able to sit in order. [Laugh-
ter.]
' Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I have merely to
say, in reference to the action of the Committee
on Printing, that the subject of printing the usual
number has not been before them at all, and is a
matter with which they have nothing to do at all.
The hour of six having arrived, in accordance
with the concurrent resolution of the two branches
of Congitss,
The SPEAKER declared the present session of
the House adjourned sine die.
The following letter was not received by us
until the 3d of July, when the speech had been
stereotyped, printed, and sent off to subscribers.
All we can do now to correct the error is, to pub-
lish Mr. Crawford's letter in the Daily and in the
Congressional Globe, and index it, to point out
the error, which may be found on page 2910 of
the Congressional Globe:
Coujmbcs, Georgia, June 20. 1858.
fitn : Inclosed I send von the correction of some remarks
submitted by me, and published in the Globe of the 25th in-
stant. Strike out the word " or," and it will be light as it
is. I am made to say exactly what I did not say.
Respectfully, M. J. CRAWFORD.
