940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
States to be admitted would ultimately overbalance
the thirteen original ones. They were, however,
mainly to bo yet planted and matured in the desert,
with the agency of human labor.
The fathers knew only of t*o kinds of labor,
the same which now exist among ourselves—
namely, the labor of African slaves and the labor
of freemen. The former then predominated in
this country, as it did throughout the continent.
A confessed deficiency of slave labor could be
supplied only by domestic increase, and by con-
tinuance of the then existing importation from
Africa. The supply of free labor depended on
domestic increase, and a voluntary immigration
from Europe. Settlements, which had thus early
taken on a free-labor character or a slave-labor
character, were already maturing in those parts
of old States which were to be ultimately detached
and formed into new States. When new States
of this class were organized, they were admitted
promptly, either as free States or as slave States,
without objection. Thus Vermont, a free State,
was admitted in 1791; Kentucky, a slave State,
in 1792; and Tennessee, also a slave State, in
1796. Five new States were contemplated to be
erected in the Northwest Territory. Practically
it was unoccupied, and therefore open to labor of
either kind. The one kind or the other, in the
absence of any anticipated emulation, would pre-
dominate just as Congress should intervene to
favor it. Congess intervened in favor of free
labor. This, indeed, was an act of the Continental
Congress, but it was confirmed by the first con-
stitutional Congress. The fathers simultaneous-
ly adopted throe other measures of less direct in-
tervention. First, they initiated in 1789, and
completed in 1808, the absolute suppression of the
African slave trade. Secondly, they organized
systems of foreign commcrce and navigation,
which stimulated voluntary immigration from
Europe. Thirdly, they established an easy, sim-
ple, and uniform process of naturalization. The
change of the balance of power from the slave
States to the free States, which we are now wit-
nessing, is due chiefly to those four early measures
of national intervention in favor of free labor. It
would have taken place much sooner, if the bor-
ders of the Republic had remained unchanged.
The purchase of Louisiana and the acquisition
of Florida, howevfer, were transactions resulting
from high political necessities, in disregard of the
question between free and slave labor. In admit-
ting the new State of Louisiana, which was organ-
ized on the slave-labor settlement of New Orleans,
Congress practiced the same neutrality which it
had before exercised in the States of Kentucky
and Tennessee. No serious dispute arose until
1819, when Missouri, organized within the former
province of Louisiana, upon a slave-labor settle-
ment in St. Louis, applied for admission as a slave
Slate; and Atkansas was manifestly preparing to
appear soon in the same character. The balance
of power between the slave States and the free
States was already reduced to an equilibrium, and
the eleven free States had an equal representation
with the eleven slave States in the Senate of the
United States. The slave States unanimously in-
sisted on an unqualified admission of Missouri.
The free States, with less unanimity, demanded
that the new State should renounce slavery. The
controversy seemed to shake the Union to its foun-
dations, and it was terminated by a compromise.
Missouri was admitted asaslave State. Arkansas,
rather by implication than by express agreement,
was to be admitted, and it was afterwards admit-
ted,as a slave State. On the other hand, slavery
was forever prohibited in all that part of the old
province of Louisiana yetremaining unoccupied,
which lay north of the parallel of 3G° 30' north
latitude. The reservation for free laborincluded
the immense region now known as the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska, and seemed ample for
eight, ten, or more free States. The severity of
the struggle, and the conditions of the compro-
mise, indicated very plainly, however, that the
vigor of national intervention in favor of free labor
and free Slates was exhausted. Still, the existing
statutes were adequate to secure an ultimate as-
cendency of the free States.
The policy of intervention in favor of slave
labor and slave States began with the further re-
moval of the borders of the Republic. I cheerfully
admit that this policy has not been persistent or
txelusivey and claim only that it has been and
yet is predominant. I am not now to deplore !
the annexation of Texas. I remark simply that \
it was a bold measure, of doubtful constitution-I
ality, distinctly adopted as an act of intervention
in favor of slave labor, and made or intended to
be made most effective by the stipulation that j
the new State of Texas may hereafter be divided j
and so reorganized as to constitute five slave i
States. This greatactcast a longshadow before '
it—a shadow which perplexed the people of the j
free States. It was then that a feeble social 1
movement, which aimed by moral persuasion at
the manumission of slaves, gave place to political 1
organizations, which have ever since gone on in- i
creasing in energy and extent, directed against a 1
further extension of slavery in the United States. '
The war between the United States and Mexico, |
and the acquisition of the Mexican provinces of j
New Mexico and Upper California, the fruits of,
that war, were so immediately and directly con- j
sequences of the annexation of Texas, that all J
of those events, m fact, may be regarded as con-
stituting one act of intervention in favor of slave >
labor and slave States. The field of the strife .
between the two' systems had become widely j
enlarged. Indeed, it was now continental. The
amazing mineral wealth of California, stimulated
settlement there into a rapidity like that of.vege-
tation. The Mexican laws which prevailed in
the newly-acquired Territories dedicated them to
free labor, and thus the astounding question
arose for the first time, whether the United States
of America, whose Constitution was based on
the principle of the political equality of all men,
would blight and curse with slavery a conquered
land which enjoyed universal freedom. The slave
States denied the obligation of these laws, and in-
sisted on their abrogation. The free States main-
tained them, and demanded their confirmation
through the enactment of the Wilmot proviso.
The slave States and the free States were yet in
equilibrium. The controversy continued here
two years. The settlers of the new Territories
became impatient, and precipitated a solution of
the question. They organized new free States in
California and New Mexico. The Mormons also
framed a Government in Utah. Congress, after a
bewildering excitement,determined the matter by
another compromise. It admitted California a
free State, dismembered New Mexico, transfer-
ring a large district free from slavery to Texas,
whose laws carried slavery over it, and subjected j
the residue to a territorial government, as it also
subjected Utah, and stipulated that the future
States to be organized in those Territories should
be admitted cither as free States or as slave States,
as they should elect. I passover the portions of
this arrangement which did not bear directly on
the point in conflict. The Federal Government
presented this compromise to the people, as a com-
prehensive, final, and perpetual adjustment of all
then existing and all future questions having any
relation to the subject of slavery within the Ter-
ritories or elsewhere. The country accepted it
with that proverbial facility which free States prac-
tice, when time brings on a stern conflict which
popular passions provoke, and at a distance defy.
This halcyon peace, however, had not ceased to
be celebrated, when the new-born necessities of
trade, travel, and labor, required an opening of j
the region in the old province of Louisiana, north j
of 36° 30', which had been reserved m 18:20, and j
dedicated to free labor and free States. The old ;
question was revived in regard to that Terri- i
tory, and took the narrow name of the Kansas !
question, justas the stream which Lake Superior :
discharges, now contracting itself into rivers and !
precipitating itself down rapids and cataracts, and ;
now spreading out its waters into broad seas, as- !
sumes anew name with every change of form, but i
continues nevertheless the same majestic and ir- '
resistible flood under every change, increasing in I
depth and in volume until it loses itself in the all-
absorbing ocean. !
No one had ever said or even thought that the j
law of freedom in this region could be repealed,
impaired, or evaded. Its constitutionality had :
indeed been questioned at the time of its enact- |
ment; but this, with all other objections, had been 1
surrendered as part of the compromise. It was j
regarded as bearing the sanction of the public !
faith, as it certainly had those of time and acqui- j
escence. But the slaveholdingpeople of Missouri !
looked across the border, into Kansas, and cov- 'I
eted the land. The slave States could not fail
to sympathize with them. It seemed as if no
organization of government could be effected in
the Territory. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] projected a scheme. Under Ins vigo-
rous leading, Congress created two Territories—
Nebraska and Kansas. The former (the more
northern one) might, it was supposed, be settled
without slavery, and become a free State, or sev-
eral free States. The latter (the southern one)
was accessible to the slave States, bordered on
one of them, and was regarded'as containing a
region inviting to slaveholders. So it might be
settled by-them, and become one or more slave
States. Thus indirectly afurther compromise
might be effected, if the Missouri prohibition of
1820 should be abrogated. Congress abrogated
it, with the special and effective cooperation of
the President, and thus the national Government
directly intervened in favor of slave labor. Loud
remonstrances against the measure on the ground
of its violation of the national faith were silenced
by clamorous avowals of a discovery that Con-
gress had never had any right to intervene in the
Territories for or against slavery, but that the
citizens of the United States residing within a
Territory had, like the people of every State, ex-
clusive authority and jurisdiction over slavery,
as one of the domestic relations. The Kansas-
Nebraska act only recognized and affirmed this
right, as it was said. The theory was not indeed
new, but a vagrant one, which had for some time
gone about seeking among political parties the
charity of adoption, under the name of squatter
sovereignty. It was now brought to the font,
and baptized with the more attractive appellation
of popular sovereignty. It was idle for a time
to say that, under the Missouri prohibition, free-
men in the Territories had all the rights which
freemen could desire—perfeetfreedom to do every-
thing but establish slavery. Popular sovereignty
offered the indulgence of a taste of the fruit of the
tree of the knowledge of evil as well as of good—
a more perfect freedom. Insomuch as the prop-
osition seemed to come from a free State, the slave
States could not resist its seductions, although
sagacious men saw that they were delusive. Con-
sequently, a small and ineffectual stream of slave
labor was at once forced into Kansas, engineered
by a large number of politicians, advocates at
once of slavery and of the Federal Administra-
tion, who proceeded with great haste to prepare
the means so to carry the first elections as to
obtain the laws necessary for the protection of
slavery. It is one thing, however, to expunge
statutes from a national code, and quite another
to subvert a national institution; even though it
be only a monument of freedom located in the
desert. Nebraska was resigned to free labor
without a struggle, and Kansas became a theater
of the first actual national conflict between slave-
holding and free-labor immigrants, met face to
face, to organize, through the machinery of re-
publican action, a civil community.
The parties differed as widely in their appoint-
ments, conduct, and bearing, as in their princi-
ples. The free laborers came into the Territory
with money, horses, cattle, implements, and en-
gines, with energies concentrated by associations
and strengthened by the recognition of some of
the States. They marked out farms, and sites for
mills, towns, and cities, and proceeded at once to
build, to plow, and to sow. They proposed to
debate, to discuss, to organize peacefully, and to
vote, and to abide the canvass. The slave-labor
paity entered the Territory irregularly, staked
out possessions, marked them, and then, in most
instances, withdrew to the States from which they
had come, to sell their new acquisitions! or to re-
turn and resume them, as circumstances should
render one course or the other expedient. They
left armed men in the Territory to keep watch
and guard, and to summon external aid, either to
vote or to fight, as should be found necessary.
They were fortified by the favor of the Adminis-
tration, and assumed to act with its authority.
Intolerant of debate, and defiant, they hurried on
the elections which were to be so perverted that
an usurpation should be established. They rang
out their summons when the appointed time came,
and armed bands of partisans, from States near
and remote, invaded and entered the Territory,
with banners, ammunition, provisions, and for-
age, and encamped around the polls. They seized
