SENATE-SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 15, 1858.
At twelve o'clock, m., the Hon. Bexjamin
Fitzpatrick, President pro tempore of the Senate,
took the chair and called the Senate to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the proclamation of the President of the
United States.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
By the President of the United States of America.
a proc-am \tion. ;
Whereas, an extraordinary occasion has occurred, ren- '
dermgit necessary and piopei that the Senate of the United ;
States tlia.ll be convened, to receivc and act upon such com-
munications as have been or may be made to it, on the part
of the Executive: " j
Now, therefore, I, James Buchanan, President of the i
United States, do is-=ue tins-, my piociamation, declaring i
that an e.xt.aordmary occasion requires the Senate of the '
United State-j to convene, for the transaction of business, 1
at tne Capitol, in tne ntv of Washington, on the loth day >
of tiii- month, at twelve o'clock, at noon, of that day. of
w'h j,i all who shall, at that tune, be entitled to act a- mem- ;
b< r- o' that budv. ate hereby required to take notice. ]
Givu> und^r my hand and'tlie ^ca! of the United States, ]
V>';i-lm.£ton. tni= 14th day of June, anno Domini :
[seal.] and of the independence of the United States j
the cignty-second. JAMES BUCHANAN. I
By the I'n^ideiit:
Lf.wii Cass, Secretary of State.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Resolved. That a committee of two members be appointed
to u ait on the President of the United States and inform
linn tin* a quotum of the Senate ha? assembled, and that
the Senate i- ready to receive any communication lie may
be plca^-d to make.
Mr. Allen and Mr. Seward were appointed
the committee.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the standing com-
mittees, as they were at the close of the regular
session, be continued during the present special
session.
Tlie motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
st nt.
CLAIMS AGAINST RUSSIA.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to present a memo-
rial, which 1 will read:
TI the hinnyiVe ftp Senate of the United States:
B.-iii.un.ii >V. lVikni~, of Worcester, Massachusetts, acit-
!/■•  uVtlii' states, respectfully shows:
Tn.it ill .)u' 1". Jor thereabout^, the Government of
Eii-i1. hv it- accredited Minister, now tesident in the city
or WiMiuisti"!. contracted to purchase of the memorialist
ti.e i;u iii;''. ol one hundred and titty tons of powder, to be
i.'jdi t"r -Ijipmcnt wulnn sixty days theieaftcr; that the
meiii'iriah-t delv performed the conditions of said contiaet
on In- pair. hut tii.it the Government of Russia wholly failed
to fulfill the conditions on their pait: i
'I'ii.it on or about January, lS3t>, the said Government of j
Rii.—u, in its ae<*m. also contracted to purchase thirty-five !
tlioii-ai'd fttatif^ of aims, to be delivered by the 1st of June j
thereafter; nliu'll coiituict was also duly performed on his I
part, but remain? also nufulrilled and violated by the Ru-stan
.("en!-. 1
That thereby the memorialist is wholly ruined ; that tlie ;
d in,au<- to him exceed the sum of .<'3S5,UUD -. !
Th.it the Government of Uu<sta is bejond his reach, and
it- -iiid Muii-U't is protected by diplomatic privilege: !
That the nx'moi uiiat lias not within hit reach the reme- j
die-. an-jrd'-d m ordinary ca-es for obtaining evuienee in the j
pov^-ion of the adverse party by cotnpulson means: ;
That there are persons m po-session of evidence material
to the memorialist its this matter, who will not give their ,
t -inn >nv ovept upon legal compulsion: _ !
TiMt *ne onlv means ot obtaining redrew against the m-
,'i -iit'i1 and uppre—imi piacticed upon him is by the action
•>i \ out honorable l i«)v. ,
'i'ii is \ out memorials k ready to prove Ins aforesaid al-
h-'.uioiu . at :-aieh time and in &uch manner as the feenate
3051
may direct. And he prays yourhonorable body to take the
nece'saiy and proper action to relieve him in the premies,
and to guard his rights and protect his property ftom the
unjust action of the aforesaid toieign Government; and
that the evidence herembetore referred to be obtained by
the lawful authority of your honorable body.
Ii. W. PERKINS.
In connection with this memorial I offer the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested to
cau^e to be communicated to the Senate, at the commence-
ment of its next sev>ion, whether any complaints have :
been made to the Government of the United States that
contracts have been entered into with citizens of the Uni-
ted Stales by the Russian Government, tluough the agency
of its- Minister now resident at Washington, oi other per-
sons on lecommerulatjon of said Mim-tei; and that al-
though such contracts had been fully perlormed by thecit- .
izens who bad entered into the «ame, they have been p
violated by the Russian Government or its agents, to the
great mjuiy, if not entire  urn. of such citizens.
Resolved, That all evidence ofany such contractsm pos-
session of the Government, together with such informa-
tion as to the action of the Government in the premises,
be communicated to the Senate, (if not incompatible with
the public interest^,) and that all such information be com-
municated in confidence.
It appears that, during the war between Russia
and thealliedPowers,contracts were entered into,
not only by Russia with citizens of the United
States, but also by the Governments of Great
Britain and of Franco, for various supplies and
for transportation. It was decided by the Attor-
ney General, in accordance with the uniform law
governing nations, that contracts may be made
for articles even contraband of war, the contract-
ors taking the risk of detection ; but the contract
itself, as between the parties, is a binding, valid
contract. Without undertaking to assume the \\
truth or falsehood of the facts stated by this me- \
morialist, he picsents a case, m my opinion, that .
demands the interposition of our Government. <
When the facts are elicited, it may be that it will . ,
turn out that this memorialist is mistaken; but, !r
when the charge comes in a plausible shape; when jj
it comes presenting a prima facie good case, it is
the duty of the Government to protect its citizen, i;
and have the matter investigated. It is alone with >j
that view that I have presented this memorial;
and, as in this extra session no definitive action .j
could be had, I move the reference of the memo- j
rial and resolutions to the Committee on Foreign /
Relations. j,
The motion was agreed to. \'.
COMMITTEE CfcERKS.
Mr. JONES. I desire now to call up the res-
olution I offered yesterday, to continue, for sixty ■
days, the clerks to the standing committees, as i
has heretofore been done. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Resolutions |
pending at the last session will not be in order at
this session. They terminated with the expira- |
tion of the session last evening. The Senator :j
can renew his resolution as an original resolution, j-
Mr. JONES. Is that absolutely necessary ? I
think I offered it in executive session. Has the 1
business of the executive session to be renewed? 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a new
session.
Mr. JONES. Well, I offer the resolution now, ,
de novo:
Rc*olvcJi That the elctks of the «tnn<lin? committees of
the Senate, who are temporal y, be continued for sixty days , •
after tiic close of the present season.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The icsuIu-
tion will lie over under the rule.
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr. MASON. I desire to offer the resolutions
which I send to the table, and which are the res-
olutions which were depending before the Senate
at the session which closed yesterday, in refer-
ence to the aggressions committed on American
vessels by British armed forces in the Gulf of
Mexico, with a view to bring them before the
Senate now in the condition in which they stood
when the Senate adjourned yesterday. I intro-
duce them as resolutions offered byme,and I ask
that they be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who have instructed me to report them
back that we may have the subject before us in
this debate.
Mr. STUART. It is necessary for us to come
to an understanding, I think, at once as to what
we can do. My recollection of the resolution
offered by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Sli-
dell] yesterday was, that it continued to the next
regular session of Congress all the legislative busi-
ness; and, if so, this is continued, and can only
be reached by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. MASON. I did not advert to the fact,
what was the character of that resolution; but I
do not know that that will prevent me from in-
troducing these resolutions de novo.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that is in order, if
they are introduced as new resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
to introduce the resolutions de novo.
Mr. MASON. I ask that they be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Resolved, (as the judgment of the Senate,) That Ameri-
can vessels on the high seas, m time of peace, bearing the
Amencan flag, remain under the jurisdiction of the country
to which they belong, and, therefore, any visitation, moles-
tation, or detention of such vessels by force, or by the ex-
hibition of force, on the part of a foreign Power, is m dero-
gation of the soveieisnty of the United States.
Resolved, That the recent and repeated violations of this
immunity, committed by vessels-of-war belonging to the
navy of Great Britain, in the Gulf of Mexico, and the ad-
jacent sea", by filing into, interrupting, and otherwise forci-
bly detaining them on their voyage, requires, in the judg-
ment of the Senate, such unequivocal and final disposition
of the subject, by the Governments of Great Britain and the
United State*, touching the rights involved, as shall pre-
clude, hereafter, the occunence of like aggressions.
Rc^oh-ed. That the Senate fully approves the action of
the Executive in sending a naval iorce into the infested seas
with oi dors " to protcct all vessels of the United States on
the high seas from seaich or detention, by the vessels-of-
war of any other nation." And it is the opinion of th.e Sen-
ate. that, if it become- nece^aiy,&uch additional legislation
should be supplied in aid of the executive power as will
make such piotection effectual.
3\Ir. MASON. I ask that an order may be
made, referring these resolutions to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such will be
the order, unless objected to.
Mr. MASON. STow, l y the instruction of the
committee, I report them back to the Senate. I
ask that they be taken up for consideration now.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions.
Mr. MASON. It is not my purpose at all to
debate the resolutions, nor do I presume that
they will attract debate in the Senate now, having
been to some extent, even quite at large, debated
during the last session; but I would say to the
Senate, with great respect and deference, that it
seems to me it is a matter of moment that the
judgment of the Senate should be passed upon
'the resolutions, because of the probable bearing
