1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
043
has so often been asserted, that this Union cannot
survive the decision by Congress of a direct ques-
tion involving the adoption of a free State which
will establish the ascendency of free States under
the Constitution, and draw after ittiie restoration
of the influence of freedom in the domestic and
foreign conduct of the Government, then the day
of dissolution is at hand.
1 have thus, Mr. President, arrived at the third
circumstance attending the Kansas question which
[have thought worthy of consideration, namely,
that the national intervention in the Territories
in favor of slave labor and slave States is opposed
to the material, moral, and social developments of
the Republic. The proposition seems to involve
a paradox; hut it is easy to understand that the
checks which the Constitution applies, through
prudent caution, to the relative increase of the
representation of the free States in the House of
Representatives, and especially in theSenate, co-
operating; with the differences of temper and po-
litical activity between the two classes of States,
may direct the Government of the Federal Union
in one course, while the tendencies of the nation
itself, popularly regarded, are in a direction ex-
actly opposite.
The case and success which attended the ear-
lier policy of intervention in favor of free labor
and free States, and the resistance which the con-
verse policy of intervention in favor of slave labor
and slave States encounters, sufficiently establish
the existence of the antagonism between the Gov-
ernment and the nation which I have asserted.
A vessel moves quietly and peacefully while it
descends with the current. You mark its way by
the foam on its track only when it is forced against
the tide. I will not dwell on other proofs—such
as the more rapid growth of the free States, the
ruptures of ecclesiastical federal unions, and the
demoralization and disorganization of political
parties.
Mr. President, I have shown why it is that
the Kansas question is attended by difficulties and
dangers only by way of prepaiation for the sub-
mission of my opinions in regard to the manner
in which thatquestion ought to he determined and
settled. I think, with great deference to the judg-
ments of others, that the expedient, peaceful, and !
right way to determine it, is, to reverse the exist- j
ing policy of intervention in favor of slave labor j
and slave States. It would be wise to restore the j
Missouri prohibition of slavery in Kansas and j
Nebraska. There was peace m the Territories I
and in the States until that great statute of free- I
dom was subverted. It is true that there were j
frequent debates here oh the subject of slavery; !
and that there were profound sympathies among :
the people, awakened by, or responding to, those I
debates. But what was Congress instituted for!
but debater What makes the American people j
to differfromall other nations, butthis: that while ;
among them powerenforces silence, here all pub- i
lie questions are referred to debate—free debate (
in Congress. Do you tell me that the Supreme
Court of the United States has removed the foun- ]
dations of that great statute? I reply that they |
have done no such thing; they could not do it. :
They have remanded the negro man Dred Scott j
to the custody of his master. With that decree ,
"we have nothing here, at least nothingnow, to do.
This is the extent of the judgment rendered, the
extent of any judgment, they could render. Al-
ready tne pretended further decision is subvert-
ed in Kansas. So it will be in every free State \
and m every free Territory of the United States, j
The Supreme Court, also, can reverse its spurious ,
judgment more easily than we could reconcile the (
people to its usurpation. Sir, the Supreme Court j
of the United States attempts to command the ,
people of the United States to accept the princi- t
pies that one man can own other men; and that
they must guaranty the inviolability of that false j
and pernicious property. The people of the Uni- j
ted States never can, and they never will, accept
principles so unconstitutional and so abhorrent. 1
Never, never. Let the court recede. Whether it
recedes or not, we shall reorganize the court, and i
thus reform its political sentiments and practices, j
and bring them into harmony with the Consti- i
tution and with the laws of nature. In doing so, j
we shall not only reassume our own just authority, |
but we shall restore that high tribunal itself to :
the position it ought to maintain, since so many j
invaluable rights of citizens, and even of States |
\ themselves, depend upon its impartiality and its
, wisdom.
ji Do you tell me that the slave States will not
acquiesce, but will agitate? Think first whether
\ the free States will acquiesce in a decision that
shall not only be unjust, but fraudulent. True,
;; they will not menace the Republic. They have
'| an easy and simple remedy, namely, to fake the
jj Government out of un just and unfaithful hands,
j; and commit it to those which will be just and
!' faithful. They arc ready to do this now. They
I1 want only a little more harmony of purpose and
| a little more completeness oforganization. These
i will result fiom only the least addition to the
; pressure of slavery upon them. You are lending
, oil that is necessary, and even more, in this very
act. But will the slave States agitate? Why*
; Because they have lost at last a battle that they
could not win, unwisely provoked, fought with
| all the advantages of strategy and intervention,
: and on a field chosen by themselves. What
i would they gain ? Can they compel Kansas to
; adopt slavery against her will? Would it be
j reasonable or just to do it, if they could? Was
| negro servitude ever forced by the sword on any
| people that inherited the blood which circulates
! in our veins, and the sentiments which make us
! a free people? if they will agitate on such a
; ground as this, then how, or when, by whatcon-
; cessions we can make, will theyevei be satisfied?
i To what end would thev agitate? It can now be
' only to divide the Union. Will they not need
j some fairer or more plausible excuse for a propo-
! eition so desperate? How would they improve
j their condition by drawing down a certain ruin
j upon themselves? Would they gam any new se-
! curity for slavery ? Would they not hazard secur-
' ities that arc invaluable? Sir, they who talk so
; idiy, talk what they do not know themselves.
, No man, when cool, can promise what he will do
1 when he shall be inflamed; no man inflamed can
| speak for his actions when time and necessity
! shall bring reflection. Much less can any one
: speak for States in such emeigencies.
But, I shall not insist, now, on so radical a meas-
ure as the restoration of the Missouri prohibition.
I know how difficult it is for power to relinquish
even a pernicious and suicidal policy all at once.
We may attain the same result, in this particular
case of Kansas, without going back so far. Go
back only to the ground assumed in 1854, the
ground of popular sovereignty. Happily for the
authors of that measure, the zealous and ener-
getic resistance of abuses practiced under it has
so far been effective that popular sovereignty m
Kansas may now be made a fact, and liberty there
may be rescued from danger through its free exer-
cise. Popular sovereignty is an epic of two parts.
Part the first presents freedom in Kansas lost. Part
the second, if you will so consent to write it, shall
be freedom in Kansas regained. Itison thisground
that I hail the eminent Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] and his associates, the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and the
youthful, but most biave Senator from California,
[Mr. Broderick.] The late Mr. Clay told us that
Piovidence has many ways for saving nations.
God forbid that I should consent to see freedom
wounded, because my own lead, or even my own
agency in saving it, should be rejected. I will
cheerfully cooperate with these new defenders
of this sacred cause in Kansas, and 1 will award
them all due praise, when we shall have been suc-
cessful, for their large share of merit in its deliv-
erance.
Will you tell me that 11 is difficult to induce the
Senate and the House of Representatives to take
that short backward step? On the contrary, the
hardest task that an executive dictator ever set,
or parliamentary manager ever undertook, is to
prevent this very step from being taken. Let the
President take off his hand, and the bow, bent so
long, and held to its tension by so hard a pressure,
will relax, and straighten itself at once.
Consider now, if you please, the consequences
of your refusal. If you attempt to coerce Kan-
sas into the Union, under the Lecompton consti- j
tution, the people of that Territory will resot t to ;
civil war. You are pledged to put down that !
revolution by the sword. Will the people listen i
to your voire amid the thunders of your cannon ? !
Let but one drop of the blood of a free citizen be :
shed there, by the Federal Army, and the coun- t
tenance of every Representative of a free State, in !
either House of Congress, will blanch, and his
- tongue will refuse to utter the vote necessary to
; sustain the Army in the butchery of lus feh'ovv-
■' citizens.
: Practically, you have already one intestine and
territorial wai—a war against Brigham Young
j, in Utah. Can you carry on two, and confine the
jj strife within theTerritones? Can,you win both ?
|| A wise nation will never provoke more than one
f enemy at one time. I know that yon argue that
i1 the free-State men of Kansas are impracticable,
! factious, seditious ? Answer me three questions:
Are they not a majority, and so proclaimed by
i the people of Kansas ? Is not this quarrel, for the
, right of governing themselves, conceded by the
; Federal Constitution ? Is the tyranny of forcing
a hateful government upon them, less intolerable
1 than three cents impost on a pound of tea, or five
,' cents stamp duty on a promissory note? You say
' that they can change this Lecompton constitution
when it shall once have been forced upon them.
;; Let it be abandoned now. What guarantee can v
;! you give against your own intervention to prevent
i1 that future change ? What security can you give
for your own adherence to the construction of the
i constitution which you adopt, from expediency,
'« to-day? What better is a constitution than a
by-law of a corporation, if it may be forced on a
> State to-day, and rejected to-morrow, in deroga-
! tion of its own express inhibition?
. I perceive, Mr. President, that, in the way
i of argument, I have passed already from the
ground of expediency on which I was standing,
; to that of right and justice. Among all our re-
finements of constitutional learning, one princi-
j' pie, one fundamental principle, has been faithfully
i preserved, namely: That the new States must
come voluntarily into the Union; they must not
ji be forced into it. "Unite or Die," was the motto
addtessed to the States in the time of the Revo-
j lution. Though Kansas should perish, she can-
j1 not be brought into the Union by force,
i So long as the. States shall come in by free
\< consent, their admission will be an act of union,
js and this will be a confederacy. Whenever they
j' shall be brought in by fraud, or force, their ad-
!' mission will be an act of consolidation, and the
i; nation, ceasing to be a confederacy, will become
i; in reality an empire. All our elementary instruc-
m tion is wrong; or else this change of the Constitu-
tion will subvert the liberties of the American
peop.c.
! You argue the consent of Kansas from docu-
i mentary proofs, from her forced and partial acqui-
1 escence under your tyrannical rule, from elections
; fraudulently conducted,from her own contumacy,
and from your own records, made up here against
1 her. I answer the whole argument at once: Kan-
sas protests here, and stands, by your own eon-
, fession, in an attitude of tebellion at home, to
I resist the annexation which you contcnd she is
| soliciting at your hands.
Sir, if your proofs were a thousand times
stronger, t would not hold the people of Kansas
bound by them. They all are contradicted by
| stern fact. A people can be bound by no action
! conducted in their name, and pretending to their
sanction, unless they enjoy perfect freedom and
: safety in giving thatconsent. You have held the
i people of Kansas in duress from the first hour of
their attempted organization asacommunity. To
crown this duress by an act, at once forcing sla-
very on them, which they hate, and ihem into a
, union with you, on terms which they abhor, would
' bo but to illustrate anew, and on a grand scale,
the maxim —
uProspernm c£fclix scelus, virtus vocatur*"
! Mr. President, it is an occasion for joy and
i triumph, when a community that has gathered it-
■ self together undercircumstances of privationand
' exile, and proceeded through a season of territo-
f rial or provincial- dependence on distant central
! authority, becomes a State, in the full enjoyment
• of civil and religious liberty, and rises into the
< dignity of a member of this imperial Union. But,
' in the case of Kansas, her whole existence has
, been, and it yet is, a trial, a tempest, a chaos—
; and now you propose to make her nuptials a
! celebration of the funeral of her freedom. The
people of Kansas are entitled to save that free-
dom, for they have won it back when it had been
j wrested from them by invasion and usurpation,
i Sir, you are great and strong. On this continent
! there is no Power can resist you. On any other.
J
