1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
204&
or twenty years. They are in the business to-
day, and 1 insist that if you are going to repeal
the law it is not an extraordinary time; it is not
an equation, for that would amount to some nine
or ten years; it is not an unnecessary time to give
these people some opportunity to protect them-
selves asramst the blow which is to come upon
them. Whatever may be the sense of the Senate
in relation to repealing these bounties, I think that
six or srven years after this is not a period of time
which ought to be objectionable to any Senator.
I think strict justice to these men who have gone
into this business ought to lead every Senator to
vote for the time I have proposed. I think ten
years would be no more than just; certainly six
years is a limited period of time, and I do hope
that it is a time that will commend itself to the
judgment and approval of the Senate.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. I wish only to say aword
in explanation of the vote I shall give on this sub-
ject. This allowance to the fishermen, by what-
ever name it maybe called, whether drawback or
bounty, has been one of the ancient policies of
this Government. On former occasions, I voted
against a proposition like that now made for its
repeal, and it was voted against generally, I be-
lieve, by the party with which i was associated.
Mr. Clay used to oppose this bill. I confess that I
have never made any very accurate examination
myself of this subject; but when I first came into
public life, 1 found it, as I supposed, part of tne es-
tablished policy of the country. I have adhered to
it in the confidence that what was done by those
who had gone before us, and which had continued
so long undisturbed by their posterity, had some
good foundation on which to rest; and my own
experience and observation have tended to cor-
roborate this opinion. I have supposed that many
of the seamen with whom, to the astonishment
of the world, we have gained so many victories
on the high seas, had been contributed mainly
by these fisheries, to the accomplishment of that ;
great national object, and thai great national glory I
which has been so highly cherished, and it is in
that point of view particularly that I have regarded
it as a nursery for seamen; and why is not that
worthy of the national attention and the national
protection ?
Sir, to prepare men to command as officers in
your Navy you are at great expense. You have
your Naval School at Annapolis; and you educate
a certain number of the young men of the country
for the purpose of serving on board your ships.
What would those officers, what would the fine
ships accomplish without this necessary and es-
sentia! portion which constitutes their force? You
must have seamen, or your officers and your ships
will have been created m vain. They can do noth-
ing without men. I think we are compensated by
the excellence of this system. You have now a
bill before you which has received the sanction of
the House of Representatives to appropriate large ;
amounts of the public domain to educate men as
farmers, to make it a science: why should you \
not, then, have, and attend to, your nurseries for !
seamen? We must have a navy. Our rank and J
position in the world, our commerce m the world
demand it. We must have seamen to man it; and,
if possible, seamen of our own—American sea-
men—not merely bound by the terms of their en-
listment, but bound by every instinct and every
impulse of the heart to fight for the country thflt
gave thein birth, and has sustained them and given
them phice. These are thesortofmen,as has been
well said, to whom I should like to see the banner
of my coumry always confided. They have re-
paid us, and more than tepaid us, in their achieve-
ments on the seas for all they have cost us. It is j
but an encouragement to help them to follow tnis j
course of ijtc. *viy friend from Alabama supposes |
it do<-s not make them seamen fit to go at once into I
a man-of-war; it gives them no acquaintance with ;
ships of that size and construction! Be it so; but |
we shall all agree, 1 know, that it acquaints them j
with the migh ty ocean; and that is one of the great j
elements of a seaman's character. ltd oes not seem 1
to me to b'- a matter of so much consequence in i
what size or sort of vessel he challenges the storms :
of thf oeeau: it makes htm acquainted with the I
sea with it« hardships and its storms, and the
necessity of guiding and preserving the vessel
which preserves him. And wnen we can 'lo it so
cheap'v- when we can educate in this nursery so .
cheaply a body of seamen, it seems to me that we j;
are but following out the policy of our military
institutions, and our naval institutions at West
Point and at Annapolis.
These are the very obvious views upon which I
I shall act, as I ha ve acted before, in voting against !
taking away from these men this bounty. I have j
supposed it was but small in amount; but it seems j
to have effected its purpose, and that fact appears i
to me to be one altogether favorable to our national :
institutions and national objects. Untillamcon- j
vinced to the contrary, I shall hereafter do as I do ]
now—vote against repealing these bounties. I
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, after the very '
elaborate and able speech of the Senator from Ala- !
bama, who introduced this biM, it is unnecessary
to go into detail in the discussion of it, and that .
is not my purpose; but I wish to express my
hearty concurrence in the bill which he reported •
from the Committee on Commerce. None of the i
arguments, none of the principles on which he •
placed the policy of the bill, have been attempted :
to be attacked. We hear a great deal—it is the
occasion for a good deal of patriotic declamation 1
—about the services of our seamen, which were j
very highly creditable; and I have no doubt they I
will continue to be so whenever their services are 1
necessary. I do not believe you increase their !
number and efficiency by bounties; I do not think i
that is one of the ways to build up the country in ;
any department, in any of its industry, for any '
purpose. |
My friend from Kentucky has alluded to your ;
establishments for naval and military education. I
I believe that the Government does any business :
of this kind worse than an individual. Such has
been the experience of the whole world in all ages
and ail countries, and will be here. What did a
Government ever do well? Why, sir, you may
tax your imagination, or look to the facts and to
history, and in all ages it has done nothing of that
kind well, and cannot do it. It cannot have agood
school; anybody can beat it. You may take the
Military Academy you have now, and any enter-
prising American citizen would educate the boys
there twice as well for a tenth of the money.
Take your Naval School, and any enterprising
man in America would educate them twice as well
for a tenth of the money. The time will come
when they will fall too. These are nothing but
old abuses. |
When this bounty system was started, it was j
a free-trade measure, it was a just measure, and i
I would agree fo that to-day. it has been the ^
policy of the country to increase its commerce by
taking off burdens. When you import a raw ma-
terial, manufacture, and export it, it has been the
policy to give a drawback on the amount of the i
duty on the raw material which entered into the |
manufacture. That is done to facilitate commerce. !
These fishermen imported salt, used it m curing '
their fish, and then exported the fish. It was a !
burden on them to charge them the duty on salt. :
It came within the general law of the land which '
now exists, and which all Governments have j
adopted, not to put burdens on the industry of a ,
country, not to tax articles that are reexported. .
We adopted that policy here. We remitted the duty 1
on the salt to the fishermen when they exported j
the fish,and afterwards we commuted it. It was
commuted forafixed bounty. This was secured
through adroit management. The price and the
duty had fluctuated. They would always fluc-
tuate under oui present ad valorem system. Then
the duty was sometimes ad valorem and sometimes
specific. To make the allowance certain, and to
prevent change by the change of laws, an esti-
mate was made which has been fully explained by
the Senator from Alabama, and the value of the
drawback was given in the shape of allowance on
tonnage. It was a commutation.
i say this was under no idea of a nursery for
seamen. That was occasionally alluded to argu-
endo; but the principle even of the Massachusetts
men, as already shown, of the men who defended
the bounty, was. that it stood on precisely the foot- |
ing of a drawback on imported goods which were i
reexnorted, and which it has been ill" policy of i
the Government to allow ever since 1789. It is so ■
in regard to sugar. You may bring it into the \
country, refine it, and take it out, and then the i
duty on the importation is remitted. This is a
wise policy to increase ihe business of the eoun- |.
try. it is a wrong idea to suppose that Congiess ,j
agreed to give so much a ton to pay for catching ii
cod fish. To be sure it did not extend to the
whale fishery, or to the mackerel fishery, bat it
was confined to the cod fishery, because it was in
that business that they used so much salt, and
exported the fish when cured with salt. As the
tables show, it was at that time a very large por-
tion of our commerce, and it was wise in the Gov-
ernment to encourage it, not by bounties, but by
taking off burdens If the Government lays a
heavy hand on them, if it does them any act of
injustice, there is no class of my fellow-citizens
I would relieve sooner. I think they are worthy,
deserving, and needy; and all these would be rea-
sons why we ought, at all times, and on all occa4
sions, to be vigorous in the exertion of their
rights, and (Joingthem extreme justice. lam will-
ing to do it now. The duty on salt hasbeen taken
off, or has become only nominal, (about two and
a half cents, I believe,) and the fishermen may
have that if they choose. When the act in re-
gard to fishing bounties was passed, the duty on
salt was twenty cents a bushel; now I believe it
is two and a half cents. If the fishermen want a
drawback of two and a halfcents on their salt, let
them have it.
The idea that you will get more seamen by
bounties, or that you will invigorate the fishing
business by bounties, is against the experience of
all nations. A permanent bounty has been ascer-
tained, by the experience of the world, to be„in-
jurious to all business, and, therefore, all the en-
lightened nations of the earth are gradually taking
away bounties, taking away prohibition, giving
a free vent to all employments, and free competi-
tion, at least, at home. The world has been ben-
efited by this to a most extraordinary degree in
the last fifty years.
This is a small thing, it is true; but if this pol-
icy is wrong, or the circumstances are changed,
so that it is no longer desirable, the bounty should
be taken off; but in doing it, we ought to protect
the interests engaged in it, by giving them a rea-
sonable time for changing their pursuits, and get-
ting rid of this property. I do not know how
long these vessels last. I suppose four or five or
six years.
Mr. HAMLIN. They last fifteen years.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is impossible.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; it is true.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, I know very little about
it; I am no sailor; I live away from the sea, and
I have had but very little to do with it, and I hope
to have less, because I do not like it. I do not
think, however, from the history of our commer-
cial marine, that ships last that long. They are
not all new, and therefore I should say that a very
much less time than is asked, seven years, would
be quite ample. The Senator from Rhode Island
told me six or seven years. He lives close to the
sea, and was a soldier besides, so he ought to
know something about it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not pretend to have any
experience, but I said I thought it would be bet-
ter to take five years than nothing. I wanted a
chance.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was merely asking the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island for information, and I
understood him to say one of these vessels lasted
five or six years. The Senator from Rhode Island
stands inveterately on the principle of bounties,
prohibitions, and protections. I do not. I think
it is bad policy. I think it is bad for the fisher-
men, bad for the business of catching fish. You
will have more fish and have more fishermen, if
you take off ihe bounties. That has been the re-
sult of similar proceedings in all enlightened mod-
ern nations in other business, and I think it will
be so in catching fish.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator says I stand
inveterately on the principle of protection. I de-
fined my position on that subject as long ago as a
quarter of a century back. I went in for a gradual
reduction of duties to twenty per cent. I believe
my people were all against me on that; but X
thought that good policy. When I came here in
1842, I wanted about twenty-five per cent, as the
rate of duty, and the hardest men I had to get
along with were my friends from Georgia. They
wanted a higher protection than I thought was
necessary.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not a man of them voted for
it. I will do that justice to those who were here
then. That act did not get a single vote from the
State of Georgia in either House.
