3054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Juan, and made thelandinguponthatsand beach
when Nicaragua invited him to take these men
away, and thanked him for doing it.
Mr. President, this is the act of all others which
the Government has committed that has given
me the most mortification. The Government, it
seems to me, by a kind of pusillanimity, say they
had a right to arrest him in the waters of San
Juan; but if he happened to step his foot on the
sand beach, Commodore Paulding must stand off,
and look on and see him burn down the houses
and butcher the people of Nicaragua. Sir, if
^Commodore Paulding had stood by, and had not
commanded him to embark and leave the shores
of Nicaragua; if he had looked on quietly, he
would have been accessory to the deed, and the
Government of the United States would have been
accessory also.
Mr. President, I did not expect to be drawn into
any discussion of this kind, and I do not desire
to take up the time of the Senate; for I supposed
we had met for other purposes—to attend to ex-
ecutive business. As to the question which is
immediately pending, and which has given rise
to this discussion about Commodore Paulding, I
had not intended to take any part at all in its dis-
cussion. It so happened that I was not in the
Senate for a few days during the time when this
war fever seemed to attack the Senate, and, per-
haps, my being ill at the time, laboring under a
bilious attack, saved me from being attacked with
this war fever; and I confess, for one, that I have
not been attacked with it. I have no apprehen-
sions of war. I do not believe there is to be any .
war between us and Great Britain on this ques- ;
tion. I have never apprehended it from the be- j
ginning. I think the British Government will i
declare that its instructions have been disobeyed
or exceeded by the persons having charge of its
vessels in the Gulf of Mexico, and the whole diffi- -
culty will p-iMsaway. J had notintended to take ■
any part in that discussion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not propose to enter
into an argument as to the Paulding case with the
Senator from Wisconsin. I tlunk it would be
easy to show that Yrissari had no authority un-
der the constitution of Nicaragua to authorize i
this invasion. It is sufficient for my purpose to i
say that the President of the United States and
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to both of
which I referred, have declared the act illegal. .
What I complained of was, that instead of taking :
some steps to censure or punish the man they
alleged to be guilty of illegal acts, the Executive ;
made an argument in his defense; and I said
that the British Government could make a much
stronger case, because piracy is a much higher
and more heinous offense than the misdemeanor i
charged upon Walker, and all we could expect |
them to do would be, while they admit these acts ■
to be illegal, to make an argument m favor of the ,
motives of their officets and present them with \
medals. That I think is all the United States have >
a right to expect. It is the course that our Exec- :
utivH Administration seems so far to have taken. ■
Mr. IV1ALLOR.Y. Mr. President, I presume i
the object of introducing these resolutions of the
Committee on Foreign Relations is, that some
expression of the Senate may accompany the ne- ;
gotiations on this subject; otherwise, they would 1
be entirely useless; but the introduction of the •
Paulding affair is irrelevant and can have no pos- i
sible bearing on this point. If the object of the ;
Committee on Foreign Relations be what I have !
stated, I will take the opportunity to say that I i
feel quite satisfied that the instructions under ,
which these seaicheshave been made were issued
in i$46, find that they have never been modified
or extended, but that the British officers, mipelh d
by a desire forpnze money, as a matter of course
aie executing these orders very zealously, and the ■
gioat number of instances which have occurred ■
about the same time have simply directed our :
attention to them. They have been going on for
ten yeais past, and have not heretofore attracted
much attention. They have been going on all over
the g!abe, wherever the American ib;r has been, :
and Bnttsh cruisers have chosen to intercept it. !
' rise simply to sa^that this is no sudden mi- !
pulse of the A merican peoph- on tins subject; hut
they have uniformly entertained the opinions an-
lioiaiced in these resolutions. I hold m my hand
a paper issued by the last Administration, which .
exhibits the opinion of the Secretaiy of State;'
under that Administration. You will recollect,
Mr. President, that when the American vessel
El Dorado was fired into by the Spanish frigate
Ferroiona, it excited universal surprise through-
out the country. We immediately assembled a
large fleet in the Gulf of Mexico, as we have done
now; and 1 will read an extract from the orders
issued to the commanding officers of those ves-
sels by the Secretary of the Navy: '
"The President instructs me to say to you that if any
officer in command of a ship-of-war be present when an
outrage of the character heretofore mentioned is perpetra-
ted on a vessel rightfully bearing our flag, he will promptly
interpose, relieve the arrested American ship, pievont the
exercise of the assumed right of visitation or search, and
repel the interference by force."
In the paper issued by Mr. Marcy on that oc-
casion, as Secretary of State, he said:
e{ In an interview between the undersigned and Mr.
Cueto, a few days ago, the conduct of the commander of
the Spanish frigate Ferroiona, in firing at the United States
mail steamer El Doiado, and subjecting that vessel to visit-
ation and search, was brought to the notice of her Catho-
lic Majesty's minister.
" The act of the commander of the Ferroiona, as present-
ed to this Government, if done by the order of Spain, or
sanctioned by her, must be regarded as the assertion of a
right to exercise a police over out commerce upon the
ocean, which will be resisted at every hazard, by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
" There is no question m regard to our international re-
lations which has within a recent period been more fully
discussed than that respecting the limits to the right of vis-
itation and search. ThKi^ a belligerent right, and no na-
tion which is not engaged 111 hostilities can have any pre-
tense to exercise it upon the open sea. The established
doctrine upon this subject is ' that the right of visitation
and search of vessels, armed or unarmed, navigating the
high seas in time of peace, does not belong to the public
ships of any nation. Tins right is stnetly a belligerent
right, allowed l>v the general consent of nations in time of
war, and limited to those occasions.5 "
Further on, urging the same point, he said:
After several Power* had declared the slave trade to
be pnacv, b\ legis-Liuve enactments or treaty stipulations,
an attempt was made by Great Britain to extend the right
of vi-=ita:>on. a^ eoiin<idi-tiuuu!' li<'d liom search, to vessels
beanug the flag of ihe nations, which had pawd -neb law>,
or enteiei": into >uch treaties?; but this endeavor was vigor-
ously n n^ed, and may now be regarded as having been
abandoned.''
This paper lias peculiar significance now, be-
cause it was not written with reference to any such
occasion as is now before us: it was written en-
tirely with reference to the firing into the Ei Do-
rado, Spain excusing that act by alleging that the
El Dorado was within her own seas, within her
own territorial jurisdiction, though ten miles from
land:
<• ft 1=5 certain that the United States have solemnly pro-
tested agaui-tstieh an exhjn>ion 0} the lurht of search. and
stand.; pledged before the world to meet it with uncompro-
mising resistance.'*
In the same communication—and what T shall
now read has peculiar significance, because it
shows the views heretofore urged by the Brit-
ish Government on this identical question—Mr.
Marcy says:
" fn 1839, the JIayticn Government passed a law declar-
ing the fiave trade piracy, and iheiem p:ovided that any
ver-sel, whether Ilajtieo 01 foreign,found in theactof slave
trading, should be seized and btousht m for adjudication and
condemnation, in a communication of Lord Palnioiston,
whii-t principal Secietary of Foreign Relation-* to her Brit-
annic Majesty to the ll.iytien Government, in r^yaid to that
law. he u.-es the following language : < ilerMaje.-ty's Gov-
ernment Wish to draw the attention of the iliyuen "Govern-
ment to a matter or form in the- law, which may po--ibly
give rise to embarrassment^ The l:>w enacts tnat all ves-
sel5, whether Haytien or foreign, winch may be found in
the act of slave trading, shall be seized and bioualit into a
llaytien port. Now Ilnyti has, undoubtedly, atufl light to
make sucii an enactment about her own citizens and -.hip*,
but her Majesty's Government apprehend that Hayti has no
right so to l gk-late tor the ships and the subjects or citizens
oi other States; that m time of peace no ?-hjps belonging
to one State have a right to search and detain ships sailing
under the flag of and belonging to another State, without :
the p'-rnii—-'ion of th.it Sn u\ which permission is geneiuily
-.•gn;f:<'d by tieatv; a...I if Ilayti^n ciu^e,< were to M:np? !
sea' eh. and det.Mii nu'iehant ves-els  ai!u>'.r under the flag ■
of and belonging to arsothei country, even t'loiigh -such ve*- !
H'l-s were   i.g.igedmtfn* flave tr.id'", thetfr.U^ to which .-iu h I
ve-sels belonged would have .(ua ground, 101 demand,>ig 1
satisfaction and reparation from nn'-j - -ii'-h r^an' '
had previou-ly given to HaUt, bv treaty, the i-gln ofseaieh
ami detention.'
'*Loid A!>";.!een, while occupying tin* fame position, ■
admitted, in a note to the Amencan'Mibi^r at London, '
• th.it to vFit and '-e.tieh Vmertean ve^-eN in tune of peace,
when that right of-* arch n not mantel by to afv\ would b< 
nn infraction of pubhc law and a violation of national di<*
lnty and independence.' " *
This paper of Mr.-Marcy, issued in 1855, and '
delivered to the Spanish Minister, ij an exposition 1
of the American doctrine upon this subject, and
a quotation from the acknowledged doctrine of 1
Great Britain on the same subject. I presume
there can be ao clearer proposition advanced than
this: that in the United States there is no discrep-
ancy of opinion on this point. We may apply
the words of Mr. Canning, who in his epigram-
matic way said, that wherever the flag of Great
Britain floats, there foreign dominion shall not
come. This is the doctrine of that country in
reference to their flag. We have the same un-
doubted right to follow our vessels bearing our
flag on the high seas as we have to follow our cit-
izens in our own territorial jurisdiction, and pro-
tect them wherever they are. We have not ex-
ercised this right. As the honorable Senator from
North Carolina says, the private liberty of our
citizens and the rightsof ourflaghave been abused
on foreign stations.
I have read this paper simply to show that
Great Britain herself has interfered with the Hay-
tien Government to put Hayti right on this sub-
ject; and declared, in the most emphatic manner,
that Hayti might legislate for her own vessels,
but must not undertake to visit and search ves-
sels of any other nation that did not give her that
right. Great Britain will not release this prac-
tice. It is idle to suppose that Great Britain in-
tends to release it. These are old orders printed
in her order books. When a British officer goes
to sea, he is handed an order-book, and his whole
regulations are there; and without another word
from his superiors, he will execute them zeal-
ously. Great Britain may lay them aside for the
time, and tell us that, in executing these orders,
they have not the remotest idea of ^stopping our
commerce on the high seas, or of creating a quar-
rel with us, or offending us, but they will, at the
same time, say that if one flag is suffered to pa^s
with impunity, without being verified, the .slave
trade will be carried on under that flag; and that,
if we insist that our vessels, shall be unmolested,
we must see that our fla^ be not abused. That
will be her answer; and it will be a just response;
and we must be prepared to meet that contin-
gency. We have declared the slave trade to be
piracy; and the Government came to a most ridic-
ulous and foolish decision when it did so; but
when we have declared it to bo piracy, and when
we know that vessels are daily captured as sla-
vers bearing the American fl-ig, it is not jest to
ourselves, nor are we true to our own declara-
tions, when we permit this state of things to ^o
on without providing against it. When we de-
mand that our flag shall be respected, we should
be prepared to accompany that demand by a rec-
ognition of authority in ourselves to right our
own flag, to see that it is not violated; and hence,
on a recent occasion, I placed before the Senate
the necessity of some small vessels, to enable us
to fulfill our treaty stipulations.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to ask the Senator
from Florida whether the document from v.-hich
he read some extracts has ever been befoie the
Senate in any form ?
Mr. M ALLOHY. I took it from the files of
the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it ought to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The action of the Haytien
Government, and the communications in regatd
to it, will be found in Wheaton's International
Law.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think the whole of these
papers ought to be printed.
Mr. MaLLORY. They were communicated
by the President in response to a call of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the documents
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope they will be printed. There
is a letter in the same communication, even more
pointed, in connection with the present condition
of afiDirs than iither of those which the Senator
from Florida has read.
rite PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion to
print will go to the Committee on Punting, under
the 1 ales.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope bv unanimous con-
sent the motion will he consider! d at un< < , with-
out being referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro te.npon. The Chair
hears no oojection; and the order to piimv, tli be
made.
Mr. ALLEYS. The committee appointed to
wait on the Picsidetu of the United States have,
according to the duection of the Senate, called
