1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
be true, as he says, that, the provincials have an
advantage over our fishermen, but why the rest
of the Union is now to pay a contribution in order
to put them back on an equality, after having
abandoned all chance of putting them on the same
equality by the usual revenue policy of the Gov-
ernment, I do not understand, and I cannot see
the justice of the appeal.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am fortunately so situ-
ated that 1 am not in any danger of betraying any
secrets of executive session on the subject of that
treaty. I can merely say that the State which I
represent was opposed to that treaty; and I be-
lieve her Senators voted against it. No such in-
ducement as the Senator from Louisiana intimates
governed that people at all. If it be true that the
people of Maine and Massachusetts were induced
to go into, and did go into, the support of that
treaty from any purpose like that which the Sen-
ator's remarks suggest, I am sure it must have
been a very short-sighted policy.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe I have a right to
state that I did not vote for that treaty, and was
opposed to it. "
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not vote for it,
Mr. COLLAMER. The people whom I in
part represent seem to be, somehow or other,
shuffled out of sight in arrangements between
North and South; and I cannot find out who
did it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did it in part.
Mr. COLLAMER. I fanc^ that when we
really come to examine the motives which led to
that treaty, we shall not be able to charge them
so exclusively upon one quarter as the Senator
from-Louisiana seems to suggest. I have been
strongly impressed with the idea that that treaty
was made for the purpose of persuading Canada
not to join the United States, lest it might alter
the balance of political power between North and
South. 1 think that was really at the bottom of
the matter; because, if they could have all the ad-
vantages of trade with this country, and through
it, without contributing anything to the support
of our Government, they would not be very likely
to be as anxious to join us as they had eeen for
several years before; and they were quieted in
that manner. They now derive all the advant-
ages of receiving their importations through this
country duty free, without contributing anything
to the support of our Government. Under such
an arrangement they will probably be very quiet,
and not undertake to join the North to disturb
the political balance of this country. I fancy that,
in point of fact, that consideration entered into
the treaty more deeply than anything else, though
I am not in " the secrets of the prison house;" but,
at any rate, I think no argument can be drawn
from that in relation to the question before us.
What I said was merely in answer to theremarks
of the honorable Senator from. Louisiana himself.
He said he would not vote to repeal these bounties
if he supposed, in point of fact, the effect would
be essentially to injure the business, and to put
an end to it. I wished in that connection to have
the gentleman understand that in point of fact the
business of catching fish, as a whole, may not be
injured, because the public demands will require
the fish to be caught; but if the bounties be taken
off, the effect will be to throw it into the hands of
the British Provinces, and to breed sailors for the
British Navy instead of the American Navy.
Now, if the great purpose of sustaining these
fisheries really is and really has been a nursery
of seamen—and gentlemen who have argued it on
the wo sides have certainly done the subject
much justice, and the research they have dis-
played does them credit—let us look at the effect
of the repeal in that aspect. -If the condition of
the country—without inquiring how we came to
be in this condition, or charging blame on any-
body ill relation to it—be such as to call for the
repeal of these bounties, the effect, though we
should not destroy fishing altogether, would be
that we should destroy the purpose intended to be
effected by the keeping up of the bounties. That
effect will be produced without the destruction of
the business, though it may destroy it so far as
this country is concerned.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President 
Mr GREEN. I suggest that we postpone the
further consideration of this subject until to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, so that we may have an
executive session.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to make a few remarks
right here, in order to show how inconsistent the
arguments of the advocates of a bad cause always
prove themselves to be. Prom the treaty of peaee
with England in 1783, up to the recent reciprocity
treaty, the whole history of the fisheries will show
that the chief complaint of the cod fishermen of
New England was that they were not permitted
to catch fish within three miles of the shores of
the British Provinces, and to cure them upon the
shore; and they alleged that they could not come
in successful competition with the English, be-
cause they were driven into the deep waters on
the banks, and denied the privilege of hugging
the shore, and curing the fish on shore. That
was their great complaint.
Now they have this privilege accorded them.
Now they are permitted to go within three miles
of the shore, and even to cure their fish upon
shore; and yet they complain of this treaty, and
say that so far from benefiting them it has done
•them a great deal of injury. But how does that
affect this question o[ nurturing seamen? The
English Government maintained that the citizens
of the United States had driven theirfishermen off
the banks; that they had quite monopolized the
deep-sea fisheries; that they were nurturing sea-
men; but that their own fishermen going in their
little smacks of five or twenty tons near to shore
in the-morning, and returning at night, did not
learn seamanship, and hence as early as the day
of Sir Josiaji Child it was proposed absolutely to
burn the small fishing smacks, and the fishermen's
huts on the coast, in order to drive them out into
the deep-sea fisheries to make them hardy and vig-
orous seamen, and force them into competition
with American seamen.
Now, sir, the treaty, according to the argument
which obtained in England, is another inducement
for repealing the bounty. Now, our fishermen
have the same privilege with the English of fish-
ing within three miles of the coast, and curing
their fish on the coast; and therefore, according
to the English argument, the probability is that
it will prove a worse school for fishermen than
hitherto.
Again, during the last Congress, when I moved
this bill, and spoke of the bounty as creating a
privileged class, who are living upon tribute lev-
ied on other people, and perhaps characterized it
as a cod-fish aristocracy that en joyed the bounty
mainly, the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] excepted to my remarks, and declared that
it was a cod-fish Democracy that enjoyed the
bounty, and he lauded the bounty as cheapening
the food of the poor. He spoke of the cod fish
as the main staple of food m the New England
States, and that thetendency of the bounty was
to reduce the price of cod fish, and therefore to
increase the comforts of the poor. Now, we are
told the effect of the reciprocity treaty has been
to bring English fishermen in competition with
our fishermen; that they are over stocking the
market with their fish, and thereby reducing the
price. Now the complaint is that the food is too
cheap, too plentiful. The other day the complaint
was that the food was too dear and too scarce,
and we must so legislate as to increase the supply,
and thereby reduce the price. Now, instead of
preaching the doctrine of plenty, it is the doctrine
of scarcity. The complaint is that they have too
much food, that it is too cheap—too cheap in con-
sequence of the competition we have afforded to
the Englishmen under the reciprocity treaty.
Well, sir, I should suppose that, unless the inter-
ests of the few fishermen—few in number com-
pared with the residue of the people of New Eng-
land, and the other States of the Union—unless
their pockets are to be consulted and filled rather
than the hunger and the stomachs of the vast ma-
jority of the people themselves, it ought to com-
mend us rather to the reciprocity treaty. It cheap-
ens food, and benefits the great mass thereby; but
the few producers have their compensation for
their labor thereby reduced.
Mr. GREEN. I now renew my motion to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, ni., in order to
have an executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON PATENTS.
Mr. YULEE. I desire, before the motion for
an executive session is made by the Senator from
Missouri, to move thattiie existing vacancy in
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
occasioned by the death of the Senator from South
Carolina, be filled by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. '
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 10, 1858.
The Hotise metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. E. Kingsford, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of February 3,1858, a communication from
the Secretary of War, relative to the Indian diffi-
culties in the Northwest; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PENITENTIARY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Htfuse a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior asking an
add itional appropriation for the support of the pen-
itentiary in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
KANSAS HALF-BREED LANDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in answer
to a resolution of the House of the 19th of Jan-
uary last, in relation to the condition of the twenty-
three sections of land on the north branch of the
Kansas river, in Kansas Territory, which, by the
sixth article of the treaty of St. Louis, were re-
served from the cession then made by the Kansas
nation for the benefit of certain half-breeds therein
named; which was laid upon the table,and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED STATES MARSHAL AT CANTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of State, asking for an
appropriation for the compensation of J. P. Cook,
for services as United States marshal to the con-
sular court at Canton; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
JOSEPH E. JOHNSON AND F. J. WHEELING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in refer-
ence to the claim of Joseph E. Johnson and F. J.
Wheeling; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
COLLECTIONS OF EXPLORING EXPEDITIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a letter from Professor Henry respecting
collections of exploring expeditions, directed to
be transferred to the Smithsonian Institution;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION FOR KANSAS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of State, asking for an
appropriation for carrying into effect the act for
the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
list prepared by the Doorkeeper of the Honse, of
books removed from the basement of the Capitol.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that that paper be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library, and to
say, preliminarily, since this subject has attracted
some public notice, that i osto#tho3e books have,
in my judgment, besn regally unfter the control
of the Secretary af the Interior since the passage
of the act of January 28,1857, authorizing the dis-
tribution of Journals and' other public documsata
by that Department,
