1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3,05)5
upon him, and informed him that the Senate were
in session, and ready to receive any communica-
tion he might think proper to make. He said he
had already sent in some nominations, which he
supposed were not acted upon, but they had not
been returned to him, and that he should make
further nominations to the Senate; and that he
wanted some further action upon the communi-
cation respecting the two judges in Washington
Territory. I will give the rest of his answer in
executive session.
Mr. J. B. Henry, the Secretary of the President
of the United States, appeared below the bar, and
announced that he was directed to deliver to the
Senate several messages, ia writing, which were
of an executive character.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not intend to go into the
discussion of this question of the British outrages.
1 shall vote for the resolutions reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, although, as is
well known to the Senate, they are far short of
coming up to what, in my opinion, the two
Houses of Congress ought to have done in con-
ferring power upon the President to resist and
avenge insults to our flag; but I desire now to.
make an explanation on another matter, which
connects itself somewhat with the subject now be-
fore us, and which affects me individually and my
constituents. I find in the Intelligencer and many
other papers, and commented upon extensively
throughout the country, within the past week,
this telegraphic dispatch:
Illinois Administration State Convention.
l( Springfield, Illinois, June 9 —The State convention
of the Administration Democracy assembled to day.
Two hundred ant! sixty three delegate-, representing foriy-
eight counties were in attendance. John Dougherty was
nominated State treasurer, and c.x-Governoi Keynolds mi-
perintcndentofpnblic instruction. Resolutions weie adopted
affirming adherence to the Cincinnati piatfonn : reaffirm ng
the principle of non-intervention in the Terntoiies, oppo-
sing the concentiation of power in the hands of the central
Government; deprecating slavery agitation; condemning
Senator Donsh* for l.i^ opposition to the Admini^trat'on ;
denouncing the pnnaples of the Republican party as tend-
to the dissolutioriof the Union, and denouncing the late
outrage- by the British cruisers on Amcncan vessels in the
Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere."
In other papers I find this treated as a conven-
tion of the Democracy of Illinois, and represent-
ed as having condemned my course this wmter
upon questions of public policy. I desire to cor-
rect this impression It was not a convention
called by any authorized authority of the Demo-
cratic party of that State. It was not called by
the Democratic central committee, the organ of
the party for that purpose; nor by any portion of
them; nor by the assent, of any one of them. It
has no more authority to assume to be a conven-
tion of the Democracy of Illinois than any other
vnua) number of citizens of the State who might
o>it together irregularly, and in violation of the
ussffcs'of the party, i will go further, and say
that the two persons nominated for State officers
are not, and have not been, recognized m Illinois
as uniformly consistent Democrats. Both of
them belted the Democratic party and joined the
v.v my, on the occasion of the passage of the Ne-
braska in!!. Both are noted for their violent, per-
secuting opposition to me and to the Democracy
nf l'hnois, ni consequence of the passage of the
Nebraska bill.
Nut, sir, t*'c- Democracy of Illinois did assemble
in State contention on the 21st of April last, and
nominated -i State ticket. That convention was
r-^ulariy called by the Democratic State central
committee. The convention was held at the ap-
propriate place, at the usual time. All its^pro-
ceedings vvt re regular. There was not a single
defect, or error, or irregularity, m the origin of
the convention or m its assembling, eitheriugen-
eru! convention or in ?ny one of the county con-
v entions tha' nominated the delegates. That State
eon/'iition iepie^nti d ninety-eight of the one
hundred and one counties in the State, in every
oiir of who'll the eou-ity convention was called
irularly, by th< proper county committee; the
proceedings were conducted harmoniously and
deem ously; ami in every one ot those county con-
ventions resolutions wre parsed indorsing and
approving the eouise winch I have pursued in the
Vs'< nate this w<i:t< r. rihe I'e.ct is, therefore, that,^
instead of hi u n denounced by the Democracy ot
Illinois, 1 have he. n indorsed by every county m
the Si ite, and in most of them unanimously. _ In
four or live countu s thtn were a few dissenting
\oi,Nt s, but v'< i v ft w- V> hen the delegates from
those ninety-eight counties assembled at Spring-
field, at the appointed time, they passed a series
of resolutions, to which, orf another occasion, I
called the attention of the Senate, anil which I
then indorsed, and now indorse. Those resolu-
tions were adopted unanimously. They affirm
their undying attachment to the principles and
organization of the Democratic party of the State
and Union. They declare " that they are unalter-
ably attached to, and will maintain inviolate, the
principles declared by the national convention at
Cincinnati, in June, 1856."
I will read the fourth resolution, and send the
whole series to the reporter to be inserted in his
report of my remarks:
" 4. Resolved, That the platform of principles established
by the national Democratic convention at Cincinnati is the
only authoritative exposition of Democratic doctunej and
they deny the right of any power on earth, except a like
body, to change or interpolate that platform, or to prescribe
new and different tests *, that they will neither do it them-
selves, nor permit it to be done by othen, but will recog-
nize all men who stand by and uphold Democratic princi-
ples."
Thus it will be seen that while they declare that,
in their opinion, the Lecompton constitution ought
to have been submitted to the people, and that no
State should be forced into the Union with a consti-
tution not approved by, and in opposition to, the
wishes of the people; yet they will proscrj be no man
in consequence of a difference of opinion on this
point, but will recognize all men as Democrats
who abide by regular nominations and adhere to
the organization of the party, and uphold Demo-
cratic piinciples. While they were firm in their
conviction that their construction of the Demo-
cratic platform was correct, they declare unequiv-
ocally that they will proscribe "no Democrat, and
submit to no proscription, because of a diUeienee
of opinion on the Lecompton question. The whole
series of resolutions is as follows:
c- Colonel McClernand, from the committee to prepare
resolutions for the consideration of the convention, made
the following report; which was read, and, on motion, each
resolution was *epaiately read and unanimously adopted:
£k 1. Resolved, That the Democratic party of the State of
Ilhnois, thiough their delegates in general convention as-
sembled, do reassert and declaie the piinciples avowed by
the.n as when, on former oecdMims. they have piesented
then candidates fo: popular suffrage.
<• 9. Resolved, That they are unalterably attached to, and
will maintain inviolate, the piinciples deefaied by the na-
tional convention at Cincinnati m June, l^oS
'•3 Rewired, That they avow, with renewed energv,
their devotion to the Fedual Union oi the Umfed State*,
their earnest desire to avert sectional stufe. then determin-
ation to maintain the sovereignty of the States, and to pin-
teet every State, and the people thereof, in all their consti-
tutional rights.
"4. Resolved, That the platform of pi inciples established
by the national Demociatic convention at Cincinnati i* the
only authoutative exposition of Democratic doctrine, and
thej deny the right of any power on earth, excepi a like
bodv. to change or interpolate that platform, or to pre-enbe
new or diffeient te*ts; that they will neithei do it them-
selves nor peinut it to be done by others, but will recognize
all men as Democrats who stand by and uphold Demociatic
piinciples.
k< 5. Resolved. That in the organization of States the peo-
ple have a right to decide, at the polls upon the character
of their fundamental law, and that the c.xpeuence of the
pa--t year has conelu^ivMj demonstiated the wisdom and
propriety of the pnnciple, that the fundamental law under
which the Tenitory seeks admission into the I mon should
be submitted to the people of such Terntoij, tor their rat-
ification or rejection, at a fair election to be held for that
purpose: and that, before 6-uch Tesntory is admitted as a
State, sucn fundamental law shou'd receive a majonty of
the legal vote-* ca=t at such flection ; and they deny the
right, and condemn the attempt, ot any convention, called
for the purpose of framing a constitution, to impose the in-
strument formed by them upon the people against their
known will.
s* 6. Resolved, That a fair appli^a'ion of these principles t
requires that tiv Leeomptoa constitution should be submit- ,,
ted to a duect vote of the actual inhabitants of Kan~a*, so j
that thet may vote for or asauis-t that instrument, before ,
Kansas shall 'he declared one ot the State* ot this Union : ■
and until u shall be rattllcd bv the people of Kan-as, at a ;
fair election held for that puipo«e, the lihnoi* Democracy .
are unalterably opposed to the admission ot Kansas under ,
that eonsuiuaon. , . . .
7 Repaired, That we heartily approve and sustain the ,
manlv, linn, patriotic, and Democratic position ot b- A. j
Dongas, i-aae N Moms, Taenia* L Haru-. Aaion shaw, :
llobeit Smith. and Samuel S. Marshall, the Demociatic .
delegation otlitmon 111 Con-ies*. upon the question of the ,
■ admission of Kansa* undei the Lecompton constitution; |
and that, by their turn and uncompromising devotion to ^
Democrat!'* puneip!e*i and io i'ie ean-e of justice, nsnt, ;
tiuth. and the people, they have de-en^d mil admnanon.
n^iea-ed, n po*sinle. our confidence m their integrity and
patriotism, and uented our waim approbation.our sincere ,i
and heariv thank*, and --hall icceive our earnest suppoit
w g. RcsolveJ, That m all things wherein the national ,
admmi-tiation sustain and cairy out the principles ot the :
Democratic party as expressed >u the Cincmnau platform, ,
and ailitmed in these K-ohmons. it is entitled to, and will ;;
receive, oui heaitysuppott.'"
These were the resolutions adopted unanimous-
ly by the regular Democratic State convention,
containing representatives from ninety-eight coun-
ties, embodying more of the distinguished and
prominent men of the State than were ever assem-
bled together before on any one occasion—men
eminent for their ability, for their high character,
for their stern, unyielding Democracy, and who
never wavered in the performance of a patriotic
duty. These were the men who assembled at
Springfield, and adopted these resolutions unan-
imously.
What well-founded objection can any honest
Democrat find to these resolutions, or to the pro-
ceedings of the convention which adopted them ?
What excuse can be assigned for bolting the nom-
inations made by this convention, and dividing
the Democratic party, in order to transfer the
whole power of the State into the hands of the
Republican party ? No man pretends that the con-
vention was not regularly called, or that the del-
egates were not fairly elected, or that its proceed-
ings do not faithfully represent the feelings and
sentiments of the Democracy of the State. How
comes it, then, that another convention, com-
posed of bolters and disorganizers, has been held .
for the purpose of dividing and defeating the Dem-
ocratic party, and thereby securing the election
of Republicans, in the place of the regular Dem-
ocratic nominees, for State officers, for the Legis-
lature, for Congress, and for United States Sen-
ator? By whom and by -what means has this
disorganizing movement been devised and at-
tempted to be executed ? I regret to say that it
has been done under the auspices of a man who
holds an appointment under the Federal Govern-
ment, and who pretends that he is carrying out
the policy and wishes of the Administration in his
efforts to divide and defeat the Democratic pai ty.
Being the special agent of tho Post Office Depart-
ment, and having the general superintendence of
all the mails, postmasters, and route agents in the
State, and a free pass over all the railroads, he
has prostituted the trust confided m him, by
threatening all the postmasters and route agents,
and officeholders of every description, with im-
mediate removal from office if they did not bolt
the regular Democratic nominations and join in
the dtsmganizmg movement to elect the Repub-
lican nektt.
13 v this system of intimidation towards all per-
sons in office, and by'liberal promises to all who
desired office, this'special agent was enabled to
induce a few persons fo bolt and withdraw from
the county conventions in five or six counties,
after they had been outvoted by an overwhelming
majority, and to appoint another set of delegates
to a bolters' convention, to assemble at Spring-
field on the same day of the regular convention.
Besides these irregular bolting delegates from live
or six counties, afew postmasters were induced to
attend from other counties where they could not
find sympathizers enough to get up a meeting; and,
in this manner, they were able to assemble thirty-
seven persons in ail, claiming to represent some
twenty odd-counties out of one hundred and one
counties in the State. I repeat, that they were not
able to sccure a regular delegation from any one
county in the State, having been voted down by
immense majorities in eveiy county where they
made the attempt. I have now in my possession
several letters, which found tilth way into the
newspapers, written by the postmaster at Chicago
to other postmasters m the State, urging them to
be appointed delegate*, if possible, and, if they
failed, to go to the bolters'convention on theirown
account, without a constituency, with a distinct
intimation that if they did not do so they would
lose their offices. In this mode, and by such mcans,^
thii-tv-seven bolters were assembled in one hall ot
the State-house, while t!ie regular Democratic.
State convention was in session in the other hall
of the same building.
That small squad of bolters adjourned from the
21st of Apul Until the 9th day of this month,
when they assembled again. A paper which 1
have from the capital of the State, says that this
time they had delegates from fifteen or twenty-
counties, and numbered a little over a hundred
persons in all, nearly one half of whom were fiom
the city of Chicago. The telegraphic dispatch to
which I have referred states that they had dele-
gates from forty-eight counties. The disctcpancy
is accounted for in this way: in fifteen or twenty
