3056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
counties there were small meetings held, which
appointed delegates; and happening to find men
in the city from some thirty other counties, they
put down their names as delegates from those
counties, though they had no constituency, and,
m a majority of these instances, the persons did
not go into the convention. It is this convention
of bolters (whose only object is to defeat the
regular nominations of the Democratic party of
the State) who have assembled together and de-
nounced me. Sir, I have been in the habit of
being denounced in Illinois for twenty-five years
by bolters and deserters from the Democratic
party; never have I been denounced or censured
by any regular Democratic county or State con-
vention in Illinois. I have always sustained the
regular organization and nominations ofthe party;
and hence I have incurred the displeasure and
hostility of all disorganizers in the party, and all
bolters and renegades from it. It is natural,
therefore, that such men as Dr. Charles Leib and
his confederates, should form a secret alliance
with the leadersof the Republican party to defeat
me and all others who support the regular organ-
ization and nominees of the Democratic party in
"the State. His antecedents fully justify the sup-
position that Dr. Leib would engage in such a
conspiracy, and use all the means in his power
to make it successful, even by prostituting the
trust which the Administration had confided to
him as a speeial mail agent, to divide and destroy
that great party which elevated Mr. Buchanan
to the Presidency. A portion of the history of
this man Leib—sufficient at least to show how
much, or rather how little, confidence should be
placed in his professions of attachment to the
Democratic party while acting in concert with,
and for the benefit of, the Republican leaders—
is recorded in the official reports of the Senate,
and now on our files, from which I will read a
paragraph or two.
We all recollect the representations of Governor
Denver in Kansas last winter in regard to the
existence of a secret military organization in that
Teiritory, which he calls the " Danite Society,"
in allusion to a similar organization among the
v Mormons. We have all seen the exposures of
Redpath, the confederate of Lane and Leib, in
Kansas, and remember the frightful accounts
which he gives of the Danites in Kansas. The
existence and character of such an organization
are not brought to light now for the first time.
It will be recollected that tlie Committee on
Territories, in their report of the 12th of March,
185G, when condemning the revolutionary pro-
ceedings by which the Topeka constitution was
got up, pieserited an expose of those revolutions y
measures, and brought to light, amongst other
things, a smail pamphlet containing the ritual of
the secret military organization, commonly called
the " Danite Society." The committee then had,
and now have, on their files, an original copy of
the ritual of that Danite or secret military organ-
ization. It was obtained under these circum-
stances: in one of the fights there between the pro-
slavery party and the Free-Soil party, a man by
the name of George Warren was taken prisoner.
He took this little pamphlet out of his pocket, put
it into his mouth, and attempted to chew it and
swallow it. He was caught by the throat, and
made to spit it out. The document was brought
here to Lhe Senate with the tooth-prints upon it;
and from it this report was m-ide. Here is the
list of the officers of that military organization:
the officers ofthe Grand EVicampmentare—Grand
General, Rev. G. W. Hutchinson, Lawrence,
Kansas Territory; Grand Vice General, C. K.
Hoiliday, Topeka, Kansas Territory; Grand
Quarto master, J. K. Goodwin, Lawtence, Kan-
sas Tenitory; Grand Paymaster, Chailes Leib,
M. D., Leavenworth City, Kansa-; Temtory.
Here you find this same Gharh s Leib, who is
now the agent of the Post Office Department for
the Sfnte of Illinois, the man who has got up this
bogus convention against the Democia^y, was
one of the chuf officers of Jirn Lane's Danite so-
ciety in Kansas, and,w;'s so reported by a com-
mittee of this body in He has the reputa-
tion of having before fh-d fiom the Mormons,
when they sot into trouble, to join Jim Lane in
Kansas. He then fled from Kansas, and took
shelter in Illinois, and is now getting up this
movement to break down the Democratic party. I
I will show you the character of thu> Danite so- i
cjoty. Here is the oath that Mr. Leib took, in
order to become a member of it:
" Obligation.
u  __9 jn most solemn manner, here, in
I the presence of Heaven and these witnesses, bind myself
that I will never reveal, nor cause to be revealed, either by
word, look, or sign, by writing, printing, engraving, paint-
ing, or in any manner whatsoever, anything pertaining to
tins institution, save to persons d uly qualified to receive the
same. I will never reveal the nature of the organization,
the place of meeting, the fact that any person is a member
ofthe same, or even the existence of the organization, ex-
cept to persons legally qualified to receive the same. Should
I at any time withdraw, or be suspended or expelled fiom
this organization, I will keep this obligation to the end of
life. If any books, papers, or moneys, belonging to this or-
ganization, be intrusted to my care or keeping,! will faith-
fully and completely deliver up the same to my successor
m office, or any one legally authorized to receive them, f
will never knowingly propose a person for membership in
this order who is not in favor of making Kansas a free State,
and whom I feel satisfied will exert his entire influence to
bring about this result. I will support, maintain, and abide
by any honorable movement made by the organization to
secure this great end which will not conflict with the laws
of the country and the Constitution of the United States I
will unflinchingly vote for, and support, the candidates
nominated by this organization, in preference to any and
all others.
" To all of this obligation I do most solemnly promise and
affirm, binding myself under the penalty of being expelled
from this organization, of having my name published to the
several territorial encampments as a perjurer before Heaven
and a traitor to my country, of passing through life scorned
and leviled by man, frowned on by devils, forsaken by
angels, and abandoned by God."
The man who took that horrid oath is now rep-
resenting the Post Office Department in Illinois,
and going to each postmaster, and saying to him,
" If you do not bolt the regular Democratic nom-
ination—if you do not join in to help elect a Re-
publican over Douglas, you shall be removed from
office, and I am authorized to say so." He goes
to each man who wants an office, and makes the
same threat and promises. He has one or two
associates with him engaged in the same business
under his direction, who travel free upon the cars
arid public conveyances, who, professing to speak
in the name and by the authority of the Admin- j
istration, avow that their object is to defeat the j
regular Democratic nominees in Illinois, and '
knowing, too, that there is no hope or possibility j
of defeating them, except by the election of the '
Republican nominees. Why should not this man
be acting in concert with Republicans ? His oath
of allegiance to Jim Lane as a Danite requires
him to help to destroy and break down the Dem-
ocratic party, under the penalty of being tf a per-
jurer before Heaven, and a traitor to his country,
and of passing through life scorned and reviled by
man, frowned on by devils, forsaken by angels,
and abandoned by God." He is now doing in
Illinois" what he bound himself, by monstrous
oaths, to do before he left Kansas.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no desire to interrupt
the Senator, nor shall I have any participation in
this debate. It was the last thing that could oc-
cur to any mah's imagination that we should
have a debate of this kind. What I desire to say
—and this much I must say in justice to Dr. Leib
—is, simply, that I heard this allegation against
him; I called his attention to it, personally, and I
will give his own testimony for what it is worth.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us have it.
Mr. BIGLER. He solemnly denies that he
ever belonged to any such association, or ever
had any participation with it. He declares that
the use of his name in that connection was with-
out authority and was an abuse of it; that he was
not in Kansas at the date of this organization.
That is his declaration fo me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That compels me to make
a statement to the contrary, and then the Senate
and the country may judge. The first time 1 ever
saw Dr. Leib was when I went home, in Septem-
ber, 1856, to take the stump for Mr. Buchanan,
in Illinois. I met many distinguished men, some
of whom are now present, and traveled with them
to Tippecanoe battle-ground, where I made a
speech on the 3d of September, I think. On the
next d \y 1 made a speech at Joliet, Illinois, and
took the cars about ten o'clock at night to go to
Morris, where I was to speak on the succeeding
day. When 1 got into the cars I found a large
number of persons, perhaps one hundred or more,
from Chicago, who were going down to attend
the great meeting at Morris. Among them was
Mr. John Van Baren, of New YorkT While I
was conversing with Mr. Van Buren,aman whom
I subsequently learned to be Dr. Charles Leib,
approached, and Mr. Van Buren introduced me
to Mr. Leib, as editor of the Tribune, mistaking
the Tribune for a small campaign paper called the
Bugle. I understood him to say Mr. Lee. I spoke
to him politely, but formally, and passed by.
The Tribune was a paper that was opposing me
very violently, and its editors, of course, would
not have much sympathy with me in the business
in which I was then engaged. I treated hnn po-
litely, but had no conversation with him. In a
few minutes he came back, and expressed the
hope that I would have no hard feelings against
him about that Kansas matter. I asked him to
what he alluded, and he said he referred to his
connection with the secret military organization
in Kansas, as exposed by me in the report of the
Committee on Territories. I told him I did not
recollect any man by the name of Lee connected
with that " Danite society." He said his name
was Leib, and that he was the grand paymaster of
that association, and he supposed I had treated
him coolly because of that fact. Pie has never
pretended to disguise or deny the fact of his con-
nection with the notorious James H. Lane and
the Danite association. It is a fact as well known
and as notorious as any other in the history of
the Kansas disturbances. Only a few days ago,
I received a letter from an editor of a newspaper
in Kansas, a person unknown to me personally,
who proposed to give a history of the outrages
penetrated by Leib and his Danite confederates
m Kansas. The writer had observed the course
pursued by Leib and his confederates jn Illinois,
to divide and destroy the Democratic party, and
thought it his duty to expose him, under the im-
pression that I was not aware of the facts.
If Leib now denies his connection with Lane
and the Danite society in Kansas, as exposed in
the report of the territorial committee, in March,
1856, it is only an additional evidence of the de-
pravity of his character. As well might the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] deny his
own identity, or his own record in the Legisla-
ture of his State. Leib confessed the fact to me
under the circumstances I have stated, and is
equally well known to others, and can be proven
by hundreds of witnesses. His sympathy with
the Republicans and his oath as a Danite, would
naturally stimulate him to do everything in his
power to destroy the Democratic party and build
up the Republicans.
I repeat, sir, that this man Leib is in the habit
of threateningall the office-holders in the State that
he is authorized to have every one of them re-
moved who does not bolt the regular Democratic
party, and oppose its nominations. I will say,
furthermore, that I do not believe he has any such
authority. I do not believe the Administration
have authorized any man to give such pledges in
their name in the State of Illinois; but what dif-
ference does that make if he does so every day,
and makes all the office-seekers and oflicp-holders
believe it? The result is the same as if he had
the authority to make the promise. I tell you,
now, the Republican leaders have no hope of
success in the ensuing election—no hope of de-
stroying the Democracy of Illinois, except by then-
alliance, through Leib, with the office-holders.
All their prospects and hopes depend upon that
alliance. If they can succeed, of course the office-
holders will be well provided for. If Illinois be
taken from the Democratic party and annexed to
the Republican column, the office-holders will
have tlie sole ciedit, and, of course, will be well
rewarded for the great services they will have
rendered the Republicans, i received a news-
paper to-dny fiom the capita' of Illinois, edited
by a worthy and honorable i^nderuan, which,
speaking of the proceedings of this Danite con-
vention, says:
u Many of those who participated in the proceeding d.d
so under protect, and will u pudiate the action ol the ((in-
vention, and vote a^din-t it- nominations. The speaker
we;c Domihertv, Bounty, Catp ntei. I'ncli, arid n:h« :~.and
the) al! took the position that it was necessary to nominate
a ticket unorder todefeut tn<' Deuioei.itie p<nt\ o! the State,
not one of them prm< mlin« tii.ti a ticket nominated ! \ them
could he elected, or accomplish rmv lietn-r purpose umh to
give the State to the Bia^k Republican-., winch they holiilv
pioclanned would he lar prefeiahle to the micci-^ ot the
regular nomination* ofthe pam Thh, him) the was
creditable to their sincerity ot purpose, corresponding as it
did with their pieviouj? puhhe coum iH, and wuh their well-
known designs.-''
The object, therefore, is to divide and destroy
the Democratic party by aiding the Republicans
