1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
It seems to me, sir, that these people,being in j
a stile of rebellion against the teiriloriai govern- I
ment and the United States, were determined to i
resist from the beginning everything tending to a
quiet s jttlement of the disturbances in the Terri-!
tory,and the organization of a State government;
and that I may do no injustice to them, I ask
leave to nsert what Governor Walker says to j
them in his proclamation of the 15th of July: 1
"You have, however, chosen to disregard the laws of |
Congress, aud of the terntoua! government created l>y it; i
and whilst pro fe>sm2[ to acknowledge a State government j
rejected by (/Ongtes^, arid winch can. therefore, now exi^t '
only by a successful rebellion, and exact from all your offi- i
cei* the perilous <md bacnlegious oath to support the so- i
called State const,i'Uion; yet you have, even in dctiance ;
of the so-eailcd State Legislature, winch refused to giant |
you a charter, proceeded to cieatealocal government of !
your own, ba>ed only upon insurrection and revolution. !
The very oath which you require from all your officer-*, to j
support your so-called Topeka .State constitution's violated |
in the very act of putting m operation a charter rejected |
even by theiri.
" A rebellion so iniquitous, and necessarily involving such j
awful consequences, has never before disgraced any age or j I
country." J
And I will here express a strong doubt, judg- !
ing from the turbulent arid rebellious character of j
these men, whether, if the whole constitution had I
been submitted to them, and had been rejected, i
they would have called a convention to make an- j
other one. I think it extremely doubtful. Pie- i
tending, as they do, to regard the Topeka consti-
tution as a valid one, they would adhere to it.
For the sake of consistency they would maintain
the validity of their own constitution, and would
hardly vote for anything which would destroy the
work of their own hands, and expose the iniquity
of their own conduct. Besides, sir, a large num-
ber of these men do not want a settlement of this !
question. That would bring peace not only to J
Kansas, but to the Union; and their vocation would j
be gone. It is not peace that they seek or desire, j
It is agitation. Did they seek peace—did they hoa- i
estly desire to change the constitution by peaceful 1
and speedy means—they would be here, sir, ad- !
vocatmg the admission of Kansas as a State, at '
the earliest possible day, that they might then |
take its government into their own hands, and i
make such a constitution and laws as would suit I
themselves. There can be but one of two reasons i
why they do not pursue this course: either they '
know they are not, as they claim to be, a major- I
ity of the people; or, if they are a majority, they |
prefer strife, agitation, civil war, and bloodshed, |
to a peaceful settlement of this question. And all j
this can, and I fear will, be brought about by the j
rejection of the Lecompton constitution. ;
In this spirit, and with this end in view, they j
pretend that no change can be made in the con- i
stitution until the year 1864, and that the curse j
of slavery will be fixed upon them until that time, j
if not, forever. And this is done m the face of j
the Bill of Rights, which provides, in article two, i
that— I
AH political power is inherent in the people, and all '
free L'wveinrnents are founded on their authority, and insti- l
tutod io' their benefit; and therefore they have at ati times ■
(in inalienable and mdeteasible right to alter, reform, or i
abol^h their form of government in such manner as they i
inav think proper."
And also, in the face of the plain meaning of
the article in the schedule which provides, that
she constitution, after the year 1864, cannot be
altered except in a manner prescribed; but says
nothing whatever in regard to it between the time
of its adoption and the period above named, 1864:
<£ Src 14. After the year one thousand eight hundred and
sixty foui, whenever the Legislature shall think it neces-
5-aiv' to amend, alter, or change its constitution, they shall
}<'commend to the electors at the nnvt general election,
two thirds of the members of each House concurring to
vote for or against calling a convention ; and if it shall ap-
pear that a majority of all citizens of the State have voted
lor a convention, the Legislature shall, at its next regular
session, call a convention, to consist of as many members as
tiuue may be in the House of Representatives at the time,
to be chosen in the same manner, at the same places, and
!>y the same electors that choose the representatives: said
d/U'trates so elected shall meet within tlnee months attei
t>:ud" election, for the purpose of revising, amending, or
tMian'Mn" the constitution : but no alteration shall be made
i.) aticcfthe rights of property in the ownership of slaves.'
The report of the territorial committee of the
Senate, presented on the 18th of February last,
ia reference to this question, says:
'•The Lecoiupton convention has provided a full, lawful,
and perfeei leiuedyfor every conceivable gnevancr, and
placed the lemcdvm the unrestricted hands of the majonty
(j] the people, by inserting in the constitution the lollovving
distinct and unequivocal recognition of power.1'
That is in the second article of the bill of rights,
to which I have just referred.
Again, Air. President, if all change were pro-
hibited until 1864, it seems to me that it comes
with an ill grace from the especial advocates of
the doctrine of popular sovereignty to deny to the
people the right to make a change in their organic
law, in spite of any prohibition whatever, when-
ever they see fit. And it is not at all consistent
for them to maintain that the sovereigns of to-day
may frame a constitution which cannot be changed
without revolution by the sovereigns of to-mor-
row. If this be true, sir, then have the people of
these United States passed through a great many
resolutions without their knowing it; for neatly
every old State m the Union, and some of the new
States, have changed their constitutions within
the past half century. But, on this point, 1 will
take the liberty to refer to very high authority—
the distinguished Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward.] In his speech, delivered in the Senate
on the 2d of July, 1856, on the admission of Kan-
sas as a State, underthe Topeka constitution, he
says:
I take tile constitution, a« we must all take it, for bettei
or for worse—)U-l a* it i>—or we cannot admit tile State at
all. The people in the new States make their constitutions.
Om powei is limited to the admission or rejection of a State,
whatevrr its constitution may be. Again, it is not cleai that
the piousinn complained of hi- the Senator fioni Geoigia will
prevent the people of Kansas from subverting this consti-
tution, and establishing a new one at any time short of the
expiration of nine years. The constitution of the State of
New Yoik, established ill 1«01, provided for alterations to he
made with'the consent of two successive i,ei!i-']atiirns. A
party desiring radical innovation, and finding it impossible
to obtain that object in the foim preserihed in the constitu-
tion, secured a majority in the Legislature; and, without any
constitutional authonty, cairiod through a law by winch pro
ceediiurs weie instituted for calling a convention, which was
snhsrqiiently held, and which framed a new constitution.
This new constitution, being submitted to the people, and
approved by them, in derogation of the old one, became, aud
it yet lemains, the supreme law of the land "
And so in the State of New Jersey. The con-
stitution of 1776, which was abolished by the sub-
stitution of that of 1845, declared it " firm and
inviolable, unless a reconciliation between Great
Britain and the colonies should take place, and
the latter taken underthe protection of the Crown
of Britain;" or, in other words, it was declared
to be firm and inviolable forever. Yet a majority
of the Legislature of that State passed an " act to
provide for the election of delegates to prepare a
constitution of the State, and for submitting the
same to the people thereof for ratification or re-
jection." And this convention met and framed
a constitution, which in due time was submitted
and approved, and is now in full force m that
State. During all which time, from the passage
of that act until the new constitution went into
operation, the people of that Slate were entirely
unconscious that they were passing through a
revolution.
I think, therefore, we need be under no concern
in reference to the ability of the people of Kansas,
both under the provisions of the constitution and
the higher law of popu.ar sovereignty, to change
i their constitution whenever they see fit.
Mr. President, the present opportunity of set-
tling the dangerous question of slavery, and^
binding together with new and strong bonds ot
affection the diiForent sections of our common
country, should not pass unimproved. Bad as
things have been in Kansas for the last few years,
I feel very confident they will be rendered infi-
nitely worse if we refuse to admit the State into
the Union at this time. Frauds, iniquities, and
acts of violence without number, have been per-
petrated, perhaps, in an equal degree by both par-
ties. They are painful in the extreme, and I am
impatient that we should be relieved from their
consideration, and that these people should be
left to settle their own difficulties in their own
way. " Noti nostrum tantas componei'e lites." _ It
is not for Congress to assume the duty of settling
their domestic difficulties.
The evils to arise from the rejection of Kansas
appear to me so great and fearful, and those which
may arise from its admission so slight and tran-
sitory, that 1 cannot hesitate to plead for its ad-
mission. Reject it, and you reopen with increased
ferocity the intestine war which has been raging
for years past, but which at the present moment
has nearly ceased. The strife, then, will not be
confined to the inhabitants of that region, but
auxiliaries from free States 011 the one side, and
slave States on the other, with arms in their hands,
will rush to the seat of war, thirsting for each
other's blood. And, sir, if the Union should sur-
vive the rejection, which I doubt, (for the united
South would consider it a declaration that here-
after no slave State shall be admitted into the
Union,) who can fail to see that war cannot be con-
fined to the locality of Kansas? It will go into
bordering States. It will be a sectional war, and
the knell of the Union will then be rung. At
present there is a calm in Kansas. For the sake
of the Union, do not disturb it; do not raise an-
other storm which, in its fury, may sweep away
not only Kansas, but yourselves. Leave the peo-
ple of Kansas free to fight their own battles for
supremacy, under their own State government
and laws. They will soon settle down as the citi-
zens of all the other States have done, ,and we
shall hear no more of bleeding Kansas'or of bor-
derruffians. More than all, the slavery agitation,
banished from the Halls of Congress, will cease
to distract us, and our beloved Union wilt be es-
tablished on a basis which, I trust in God, may
never be overthrown.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will allow us
to have an executive session. This subject may
be postponed until to-morrow, and he wili then
have the floor upon it.
Mr. BIGLRR. I will state that the Senator
from South Carolina moved an adjournment in
order that he might be entitled to the floor to-mor-
row. Ifitisunderstood that he will have the floor,
then he will have no objection to an executive
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Does the Senator from South Carolina withdraw
the motion to adjourn?
Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
.Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Marcl) 3, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. G. S. Deal.
The Journal of yesterday was reada^id approved.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act(H.
R. No. 271) to enable the President of the United
States to fulfill the stipulations contained in the
third and sixth articles of the treaty between the
United States and the King of Denmark, of the
11th of April, 1857, for the discontinuance of the
Sound dues; when the Speaker signed the same.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the reconsideration of the vote by
which Senate joint resolution No. 3, to extend and
define the authority of the President under the act
approved January 16, 1857, entitled " An act to
promote the efficiency of t.lie Navy in respect to
dropped and retired naval officers," was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; on which Mr. Wiiiteley was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. QUITMAN. Was not the Army bill post-
poned to this day ? ,
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
Army hill was postponed to this day; but the
pending proposition is a question of higher dig-
nity than the consideration of the Army bill.
That will be the first business in order after the
pending joint resolution shall have been disposed
° Mr. PHELPS. Ifthegentlemanfrom Delaware
will yield the floor, I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill of which
previous: notice has been given. _ My object is to
have the bill referred to a committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I want to make a proposition
.£
