THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Cong., Special Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 17, 1858.
New Series....No. 192.
to elect their ticket. It is avowed, and hence you
find that every Republican paper in the State sym-
pathizes with them against me. One will make
charges and the other support them. There is a
regular alliance in order to abolitionize the State
by breaking down the Democratic party, and put-
ting the Republican party in power. They may
have got some good Democrats into the move-
ment, men who have been deceived by false rep-
resentations, and who hold office or desire places,
and have been made to believe that hostility to the
Democratic party is the only sure passport to the
favor of the Federal Administration. That a large
majority of those who have countenanced this
movement have been deceived by Leib, Grund,
Cook, Carpenter, and their confederates, 1 have
no doubt, and that they will soon discover the
fraud that has been practiced on them, and return
to the support of the Democratic party and its
nominees.
Sir, when you look to the principles stated in
the platform of the regular Democratic convention,
what one is there to which any Democrat can ob-
je-t? They affirm the Cincinnati platform, they
affirm the Kansas-Nebraska bill, they affirm the
great principle of self-government, that the people
of each State and Territory have a right to decide
for themselves what institutions they will have.
They affirm that the application of these princi-
plf s required the Lecompton constitution to be
submitted to a vote of the people of Kansas, and
yet they make no test with any Democrat on that
pomt and submit to none for themselves, reoog
mzing all as Democrats who support Democratic
party exists, and is being executed by a portion
of the Federal office-holders in Illinois, who pro-
fess to be acting under the sanction of the Admin-
istration, but who, in my opinion, are acting
under the direction of a small squad of selfish and
unscrupulous politicians here who carc less for
the present than the next Administration. I am
as confident that the Democracy of the whole
Union will visit the conspirators with condemna-
tion when the facts are fully understood, as I am
now assured that the movement itself is disap-
proved and condemned by a large majority of the
Democrats in both Houses of Congress. AH good
Democrats—all fair-minded men of every party—
will unite m denouncing such an unscrupulous al-
liance between the leaders of the Republican party
and that portion of the office-holders who receive
orders from the Danite chief. What is the issue
j now pending in Illinois? What is the inducement
' to thegreatstruggleforwhichtheRepublieanlead-
, ersand their allies are now preparing? The motive
! cannot be disguised, nor, indeed, is there much
effort to conceal it. The object of this combina-
i tion is to strike down and crush out the Demo-
; cratic delegation in the two Houses of Congress,
J and the Democratic party in Illinois, which has
unanimously indorsed their course in State con-
vention, for having acted fully up to their consci-
' entious convictions in carrying out m good faith
i the great principles of self-government in its ap-
\ plication to Kansas. This is the extent of our
offending. For this offense we are to be pursued
: and hunted down by an unscrupulous coalition.
The Republican leaders, with all the machinery
pnnciphs. Then what pretext is there for this ij of their party organization m motion, are fighting
ofn^iiitDo ,,til11Jq ta m ko it us with more fierceness, and, I may add, with
bo'ting convention of Danites, unless it is to make
a test on every man who believed it was not right
to force a constitution on a people against their
will r If that test be made, where would be your
Democratic party in Pennsylvania, in Ohio,^in
Indiana, in New Jersey, in California, or in any
other State?
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certamlv.
Mr. BRODERICK. Did I understand him
eritrht, a few moments since, as stating that he
believed the Administration had not encouraged
Leib in endeavoring to destroy the Democratic
organization in Illinois?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said I did not believe they
had given him or his confederates any authority
to speak or act for them in matters of appointment
or removal of officers. I do not believe, and can-
not believe, that Leib, Cook, or their confeder-
ates, have any authority from the President, or
any immb'rof his Cabinet, to threaten honest
Democrats with removal from office in the event
they will not abandon their principles and betray
their party, or to promise offices to others on con-
dition that they will perform such an act of per-
fidy. The meanness, yea, the i"famy. of the act
more ferocity, than they ever did on any former
occasion. They go into the battle with more en-
ergy and confidence, relying for success solely
upon the aid which may be rendered them by the
bolting office-holders in dividing the Democratic
party.
It is natural that the Republican leaders should
feel great anxiety to humble and defeat the De-
mocracy of Illinois. They are restive under the
reflection that Illinois is the only northern State
which never struck her flag to the enemies of the
i Democracy at a presidential election. While
j every other northern State has at some time, under
j some momentary panic or fanatical excitement,
struck her flag and surrendered to the enemy, Illi-
' nois never I Pennsylvania has, on more than one
i occasion, abandoned the Democratic party, and
: secured the election of an Opposition President,
i New York has done the same thing frequently;
: Ohio often; Indiana several times; and so with
: each State in turn, leaving Illinois standing bravely
: alone, a solitary exception among her northem
| sisters. Now it is proposed, in view of these
! facts, to humble that gallant State, and make her
! trail her glorious old flag in the dust, and strike
: her ever victorious colors to an allied arinv com-
,s too monstrous to 'ad^lt 'ML Yet his un- |> po^d ^the Jep^ h^orga^on and the
deniable that these things arc beingdone daily in boltm
the name, and professedly by the authority, of the
Administration; and the effect on the public mind ](
will be precisely the same as if done by author- r
ity, unless promptly disavowed and rebuked by }'
removing the treaehet ous agents from office. Are-
fu^al to disavow the authority, after a full know - j
( d«v of the facts shall have been brought home to j
the Administration, should, ofeourse, be regarded ,
and treated as an approval and indorsement of the i
oct as having been done by authority. _ ;
Mr. BRODERICK. I am fully answered, sir.
; office-holders under a Democratic Admin-
istration? .
The Republican leaders justify the part which
they perform in this unnatural coalition upon the
ground that they are only employing these, bolt-
ma- office-holders to fight their battles the same as
the..British Government employed the Hessians to
fi"ht our revolutionary fathers, when they were
sTrugglm" to establish and maintain the great
pnnciple"of self-government, which we now in-
sist should be extended to all the Territories m
the same manner as they applied it to the Colo-
The Republicans do not conceal their pur-
I am very much delighted with' your expose, and "^®' f|*t„:n^eTxclusive possession of the field,
I ni"r iy wished to know whether you intend ar)nronriatins to themselves the greater share
gentlemen. . ^ ami appropriating
I intend to dei"ounce this £ *1^
ratio, party; this. i>y^tem ot , through the agency of their allies m
crane nominations; a breach the Democratic ranks. The
Republican leaders reason in this way: that if, by
acting in concert with the bolting otace-holders,
thev can secure a Republican State ticket , a Ke-
nublican Legislature, a Republican United btates
Senator, and a majority of Republicans 111 the
t.. c:o with these gentlemen. ' nf "th^Dofls of war and fruits of victory, in the
Mr. D< ICGL.YS. I intend to denounce this rftte.po.Uot ^ ^ aa {0 wm tlil
treason to the D.myioci*
bolting r*-£ul*ir Democratic nomination. ,
ailtioii of office-holders with the enemies of De-
mo. iacy. I intend to denounce it m every pnia
of Hlmms.and 1 mean to hold all men responsible
fur U who. by their action, become justly respons-
ible. I now point out the fact that a conspiracy
ugamst tlie unity and integrity of the Democratic
next Congress, they will he amply compensated
for the sacrifice of principle and honor involved
in a coalition with professed Lecomptomtes to
put down Democrats whom they acknowledge to
have been right on that issue, and at the same
time using that very issue as the only means of
accomplishing their defeat. Thus the proposition
stands confessed that a combined effort is to be
made to divide the Democratic party and defeat
the nominees, for the simple reason that we would
not consent to force a constitution on an unwill-
ing people, nor drag them into the Union against
their consent with a constitution which they had
rejected by ten thousand majority. Our firm and
unyielding adherence to this position forms the
basis for this coalition between the bolting office-
holders and the Republican leaders. If this is to
bo the issue—if the great principle of self-govern-
| ment upon which all our institutions rest, the
j right of the people fo form the constitution under
j wluch they are to live, and ratify or "reject the
same at a fair election, is to be the issue, my po-
sition is taken, and I am ready to maintain it. I
resisted, with all my strength and energy, theat-
i tempt to force the people of Kansas into the Union
j with aconstitation known to be repugnant to their
| wishes, without first giving them an opportunity
to reject; and I rejoice to say that we resisted it
' successfully, until the attempt was abandoned
and the question of admission was referred back
i to the people of Kansas, to be decided by them
; at the polls. Although the struggle was long, ex-
i citing, and exhausting, it resulted in the abandon-
j ment of the attempt to force the Lecompton con-
i stitution on the people of Kansas, anu in that
abandonment was a clear recognition of the prm-
; ciple that the assent of the people must be first
i had and obtained before any instrumentcan right-
fully become their fundamental law.
The question of admission was remanded to the
people of Kansas, to be decided by and for them-
selves at an election to be held, in pursuance of
law, for that purpose; thus again recognizing the
e principle for which I had contended during- the
!' whole controversy, that the people had a right to
decide for themselves the question of admission
under the constitution. When I saw in the bill
the recognition of the principle, I deeply regret-
ted that the provisions of the bill and the foun of
submission were not such as I could sanction with
my vote. I expressed this regret at the time, and
indicated two amendments, which, if they could
have been adopted, would have enabled me to vote
! for the bill. But when the bill became a law the
i whole question was remanded to Kansas, to be
! decided at an election which has been fixed for
! the first Monday m August. Whichever way the
; people of Kansas may decide the question at that
election will be final and conclusive. If thty re-
i ject the proposition submitted by Congress, the
Lecompton constitution is dead, and there is an
! end of the controversy. If, on the contrary, they
' accept the " proposition," Kansas, from that mo-
ment, becomes a State of the Union, and thus the
controversy terminates. Whether they shall ac-
cept or reject the proposition is a question for the
people of Kansas to decide for themselves, and
• with which neither Congress nor the people of
1 theseveralStates,noranyperson,official orother-
: wise, ouside of that Territory, has any right to
interfere. Hence, the Lecompton controversy is
at an end; for all men, of all parties, must be con-
tent with and abide by whatever decision the peo-
ple of Kansas may make: [t is true that the same
question may arise on the application ^of some
other Territory for admission into the Union. I
!■ am prepared now to give notice that whenever
that question may arise, I shall be found mam-
I taming and vindicating the same principle which
1 have insisted so strenuously should be applied
; to Kansas. I rejoice, however, m the assurance
. that hereafter we are to have no diversity of
i opinion, at least in the Democratic party, m re-
paid to the wisdom and propriety of applying
this great principle of popular sovereignty to all
,■ future eases as they may ai lse. On this question
j I &hall be found sustaining, with all my energy,
192
