3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the recommendation of President Buchanan in
his annual message, that the wise example in the
Minnesota case, where Congress passed an en-
abling act containing a clause requiring the con-
stitution to be submitted to the people, should be
invariably followed, and never departed from, in
any future case. 1 think this a wise recommenda-
tion on the part of President Buchanan, and 1
take pleasure in giving the assurance that he will,
at all times, find me ready to sustain him in his
patriotic efforts to earry that recommendation in to
practical effect, and thus prevent the possibility
of another Lecompton controversy ever arising.
Under these circumstances, the question natu-
rally arises, what controverted principle is there
left for Democrats to differ and divide about ?
In the first place, we all agree, not only Demo-
crats, but men of all parties, that whatever decision
the people of Kansas may make at the election
on the first Monday in August must be final and
conclusive.
Now, if we can agree, as I have always avowed
my willingness to do, to sustain President Buch-
anan's recommendation, that in all future cases
the constitution shall be submitted to the people,
as was required in the Minnesota case, all mat-
ters of dispute and controvefsy will be at an end,
and our territorial policy will be firmly placed on
a wise and just basis.
Under this view of the subject I repeat the
question, for what purpose is this organization
of bolters, under the command of the Danite chief,
gotten up, and separate tickets formed with the
view of dividing and defeating the Democratic
party? "What patriotic purpose is to be accom-
plished—what patriotic sentiment is to be grati-
fied by it? If the example of making tests on past
issues and bolting regular nominations is to be
set and sanctioned in Illinois, is there not danger
that it may be followed in other States—that it
may extend into Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and, indeed, every State in the
Union ? It should be remembered that proscrip-
tion generates proscription. The Illinois Democ-
racy have declared, by a unanimous vote, in their
State convention, that they will make no new
tests and submit to none—that they will proscribe
no Democrat, and submit to no proscription of
Democrats, on account of a difference of opinion
on the Lecompton question; but will recognize
all men as Democrats who support the principles
of the party, as laid down in the Cincinnati plat-
form, and sustain the organization and nominees
of the party fairly and regularly made.
This subject should commend itself to the earn-
est consideration of the Democracy of the whole
Union. I wish them to consider well the facts I
have stated,and then let their judgment be heard
in tones which will be heard throughout the Re-
public, whether a coalition between the leaders of
the Republican party and a lot of bolting office-
holders, for the purpose of dividing and defeating
the Democratic party, is consistent with Demo-
cratic policy, duty, and usage.
I repeat that the only hope which animates the
leaders of the Republicans in Illinois to expect
success, springs from this unholy coalition with
the bolting Democrats; and if the Democracy shall
be defeated in that State, it will result solely from
this cause.
If such a result shall occur, the responsibility
must rest on those who advise, encourage, and
sanction this policy of bolting regular Democratic
nominations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to interfere at all between the different
factions of the so-called Democratic party. For
myself, I do not recognize either of those factions
of which my colleague spoke, as representing the
true Democracy of Illinois. I should not have
risen to say a word except for one remark which
fell from my colleague, and which he repeated
several times in a different form; and that was, that
the Free-Soil party in Illinois, as he calls it—I
suppose he means the Republican party 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; the Republican party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That the Republican, or
Free-Soil party in Illinois had no hope of success,
except by an alliance with Leib & Co. If my col-
league is laboring under any such misapprehension
as that, I desire to disabuse his mind, as well as
all others who may hear me. The Republican
party of Illinois intend to beat both the Leib
pasty and the party which my colleague calls the
| Democratic party, together or separately. Atthe :
i last election, we elected every State officer, when j
! the opposite side were all united, and this man I
| Leib, this abominable Danite, was in full com- j
i munion. He was then traversing the State, as- '
i sisting those acting with my colleague, and we |
| beat the whole of them. We elected Governor j
i Bissell, and every Republican candidate for a State !
i office. It is true that by a small plurality, the j
electoral vote of Illinois was cast for Mr. Buch- j
; anan, but there was more than twenty-eight thou- j
i sand majority in the State against him. j
; I only rose to correct the impression as to any :
' alliance between the Republican party in Illinois !
j and this man Leib, or those with whom he asso- j
| ciates. The Republican party will puisue the |
i even tenor of its way, opposing the Lecompton
i constitution, and all other constitutions like it,
1 and will be happy to unite with my colleague,
i and to have his assistance in doing so. We have
'• given him, upon this floor, all the assistance we
j could. We will help in Illinois to put down
| all such measures. I rose merely to correct a
I wrong impression which might be drawn from
I what my colleague said in regard to this man
Leib. He is no man of ours, and I mean to enter
into no defense of him. He has never acted with
the Republican party, but has always been an
active man against it, so far as I have known any-
thing about him, and I heard of him before I ever
saw him. Why, sir, he is one of the clerks of the
present House of Representatives of Illinois, and
the friends of my colleague elected him to that
position; he certainly was not chosen by Repub-
lican votes. I have no defense to make of him.
He may be, for aught I know, obnoxious to all
the-charges which have been made against him.
I only wish it to be understood that he is no ally
of the Republican party, and that the only interest
the Republican party can have in this movement
in Illinois, by the persons acting with him, is,
that if it divides our opponents and makes the
success of genuine, true Democratic Republican
principles easier, of course we rejoice at it. The
convention which recently met at Springfield, and
nominated Mr. Dougherty for treasurer, and ex-
Governor Reynolds for school commissioner,
which claimed to be a convention friendly to the
Administration,denounced the Republicans in the
most gross and abusive language, misrepresent-
ing our principles, totally falsifying them. They
aie no allies of ours.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say one word in reply, or explanation-1
' Mr. BAYARD. I shall be obliged to leave
! tin- city this afternoon.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is due to myself
j that I should be allowed to say two or three words
I under the circumstances, and I will take it as a
1 favor if the Senator from Delaware will yield me
| the floor for a few minutes. I will not detain the
Senate long.
; Mr. BAYARD. Well, sir, I yield.
| , Mr. .DOUGLAS. I shall be brief; and I would
; not ask for this courtesy but that I think it is ap-
| propriate. My colleague makes just such a reply
as I expected him to make. He says that his
! friends are not allies of Leib & Co.; but if they can |
j take off enough Democratic votes to elect a Re-
, publican, very well. He also says " v/e intend to
j beat both of you at all hazards." I remember,
: many years ago, in the lower House of Congress,
i hearing a similar boast. A Democrat, named
' Andrew Kennedy, came from Indiana from adis- jj
, tiict which had four thousand Whig majority. j>
: When he got up to make a speech, one of his col- j1'
- leagues asked him how he got there. Hi-replied: !!
! " I came from the strongest Whig district in the
State of Indiana, one that gave General Harrison I1
more than any district in the United States of !|
America; I beat four of the ablest Whigs there !;
were 111 that district, and I could have beaten three 11
more if they had dared to run against me."i'
[Laughter.] By getting the Whig party divided j!
| into four parts, he defeated them; and he could I!
| have beaten them if they had eight. That is the jj
j whole amountof my colleague's boast. He knows 'j
j well that their hope of success depends solely on !'
j getting a few men under the direction of Leib &
Co. to go off from the Democratic party, and thus
: elect Republicans to the Legislature, which they P
: otherwise could not elect. He knows that if Illinois j!
; shall turn Republican, it will be owing to these of- j j
fice-holders, and this office-holders' convention.
He will not himself say that he thinks this Danite
convention was Democratic; but he will get over
that by saying that our oonvention was not Dem-
ocratie;thathe does notthinlceitherofthem was. I
know very well why he thinks there is another and
different Democracy—because he went off and left
the Democratic party on the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, just as Reynolds did, and just as Dougherty
did, who are now candidates for State officers.
They all went off together, abandoned the party
together on thatquestion. Is it not a cunousfact
that this convention of bolters and office-holders
could not find one man in the State for them to run
for a State officer who was not an anti-Nebraska
man, and who did not attempt to break down the
Democratic party on that account ? Sir, it is the
same combination of men that I have had to fight
for twenty years, with here and there an excep-
tion; and the exceptions are the men whom Leib,
professing to speak in the name of the Adminis-
tration, has threatened, " you shall be removed
from office if you do not bolt the party," or, " you
shall not be appointed to office if you do not bolt
the party." It is a simple question whether the
Democratic party is to be divided and destroyed
by what I now again charge is a coalition be-
tween the leaders of the Republican party and
Leib & Co. in the State. I happen to have cut
out an extract from a Republican paper that will
give the clue to it. Here it is:
" So far as the people of Illinois are concerned, they ju*t
begin to appreciate Judge Docglas. The Republican* want
an out and out Republican, or a Buchanan man. The Buch-
anan men want an out and out Buchanan man 01 a Re-
publican. The Buchanan men and the Republicans in Illi-
nois, strange to say, have a common object in view. The
Buchanan men, slavery extensiomsts wiMi to beat Judue
Douglas ; the Republicans, slavery prohibitionists wihho
beat Judge Douglas. Judge Douglas will be beaten."
I can take out extract after extract. Another
says that Judge Douglas's position is more objec-
tionable than Mr. Buchanan's. This is from the
paper of John Wentworth, the great leader of the
Republicans in Illinois, the man who hopes to be
my successor if he can be elected. I need not
tell you who he is. His history is known in the
House of Representatives. There is not a man
of them v/ho will not come to the rescue of Leib,
Cook, & Co., as quick as my colleague here does;
and when he gets out home he will be more bold.
The game is to be allies, and deny it. The game
is to play into each other's hands, and act m"con-
cert. It is useless to deny it. I will charge the
alliance, and I will prove the alliance. Yes, I
could here, in the Senate, if I could make wit-
nesses speak, prove that this man, Leib, went to
the other side of the Chamber, and appealed to
them to vote for the confirmation of a certain offi-
cer in Illinois, in order to help the Republicans
beat Douglas. I could appeal to another Senator
on that side for the same thing. I wiii not.
I tell you the evidence is complete of this coali-
tion to break down the Democracy of Illinois,
and I desire to know whether a former difference
of opinion, or a present one if you please, on a
single question, is sufficient to proscribe every
man ? If so, does not the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania desire any one man in Pennsylvania, who
believes Lecompton to be wrong, to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket? Where is your party, if you pro-
scribe all men who think you are wrong on tins
question? Where is your party in Pennsylva-
nia? How many will you have in Ohio5 How
many in New York? How many in Indiana;
How many in any other northern State' You
would have scarcely a corporal's guard. Is it the
game to proscribe Illinois men, and tolerate dif-
ferences of opinion everywhere else ; I desire to
know, because 1 intend to let these gentlemen un-
derstand that if they attempt to destroy the Dem-
ocratic party in Illinois, the only northern State
that never surrendered to the enemy, the means
by which it is done will be exposed.
Mr. BA"\ ARD, Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me to say a word m r< gard to
some remarks of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BA"i ARD. I cannot yield for a rnomrnt;
I only regret that I gave way before. Besides,
my time is not now entirely at my own command.
I shall not take long. Doubtless, the local divis-
ions m the State of Illinois are matters of great
importance to the Senate; but whether a Dr.
Leib there is a Danite or is not a Danite; whether a
