1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
to any man to say whether a court of inquiry,
after finding that an officer is fit, and having put
that finding upon the record, it can immediately
afterwards make another finding ? Because, for-
sooth, a motion to reconsider was not made, and :
that motion laid upon the table, is the officer's
right to be affected?
There is another case still stronger. Because
an officer did not " meet certain chargcs with the
dignity and spirit of an officer and gentleman," ,
because he did not challenge his assailant, the !
court found him unfit for the naval service. What- ]
ever the members may have individually thought
of dueling, they had in justice no right as a court :
to make such a finding. They had no right to
condemn a man because he refused to violate the ;
laws of his country. It is m every way the most j
iniquitous verdict ever rendered from any body 1
of men wearing the appearance of a court. They j
find that he did not meet the charges with the }
dignity and spirit becoming a gentleman. He •
repelled the charges, and asked for a trial. The I
commodore would not give it to him. This court,
I do not know which one it was, thought lhat he i
might have been innocent, but he ought to have >
challenged his assailant. They decided that be- .
cause he did not so challenge his assailant he i
must be condemned. Is not this one of the cases :
where the President ought to interfere? I ask i
whether any fair man taking up that verdict on
appeal, would not in justice turn out the court,
and recommission this officer? They put him !
upon his trial on many charges, for being engaged :
in business, smuggling, &c., but they acquitted
him from them all, and found him guilty because I
lie refused to fight a duel.
Then again, sir, these courts gave themselves i
great latitude under those four qualifications of !
mental, physical, moral,and professional fitness.
I am told that in one case they absolutely inquired
into the relations subsisting between the officer
and his wife. They went, or wanted to go, into
the secrets of the bed-chamber, to know whether
this man and his wife had ever quarreled. Now,
is it not outiageous, is it not too bad,in this boast-
ed free and enlightened country, that when you
are trying a man upon his fitness as a sailor, you
should inquire whether he and his wife ever had
any little quarrels in the whole course of their j
connubial life ? And yet that was done, and it is '
upon this record. Not only that, sir; but I am
told by one of the counsel—and I may be permit-
ted to say here, that these applicants had as able
counsel as this country could produce, m their
defen'se—that in some of these courts, when tes-
timony was attempted to be given on the part of
the United States, and counsel for the applicants
objected, they overruled the objection before they
even heard what it was. Now, is not that a case
in which ihe Piesident should at least see that
proper evidence was received by the courts.-' Not
only did they do that, but I am told that they would
receive hearsay evidence, and did receive it: that
they would receive opinions of and concerning
facts, instead of having the facts themselves; that
they would receive parol evidence of the contents
of official documentsand records; that they would
receive allegations of acts and declarations of
others not made m the presence of the applicants;
that they would receive opinions of motives or
intentions, without specific facts, and even the
motives of the witnesses' opinion as to legal ob-
ligations and duties; they did everything else that
no law under the canopy of heaven authorized
them to do.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I put it to the House
whether we will deny these people, who have
been treated so illegally, (I use the word in its
application to law.) the poor boon of letting the
President, as a judge under the Constitution and
laws, inspect these records; supenise them; not
sen J every one of them to the Senate, but, m those
cases where he sees that injustice has been done,
ask the Senate, because of that injustice, to rein-
state the officers? That is the proposition; that
is its sole effect,. Let the President take up the
records; read them; see what has been done to-
wards these naval officers; and recommission, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
those whom he thinks have been unjustly dealt
with. It was said by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] if I understood him correctly,
that the Executive would scarcely dare to assume
the responsibility of rcconnnissioiiing men wao
have been removed by the action of this board,
and put them in charge of our national ships.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I may have strange notions
upon this matter; but my belief is, that many as
brave and honorable men were turned out of the
Navy by the action of that board as any two
hundred who were promoted by it. I know some
of them, and I know them to be such. It is true,
some of them are not remaikable for particular
refinement or courtesy of manner; but they are
what our country wants when storms and enemies
approach. They are sailors, and know what to
do without running to the forecastle for informa-
tion. They are fine, rollicking Jack tars; and,
when the danger approaches, they know their
duty, and dare do it. Keep them in the service,
and our Navy will have such a reputation, if we
ever have the misfortune to be engaged in another
war, as our Navy acquired in 1812-15.
I do not mean to mention the names of any of
these men; nor do I mean to detain the House
much longer upon this question. My object has
been, by reading some four or five of the findings
of these courts, to convince the House that they
ought at least to do this simple act of justice—not
to restore all of these officers, but simply to give
the President powerto revise the records himself,
and let him and the Senate decide whether any of
them, and if so, which of them, shall be restored.
Prior to the passage of the act of February US,
1855, we had a Navy which, in my opinion, could
have stood against the world; but since then there
is scarcely any one " so poor as to doit reverence."
Why, sir, why is this? In my opinion, Mr.
Speaker, it has been the direct and immediate re-
sult of the act of 1855. There was a time, sir,
when, in the darkest hour of our national trials,
our people naturally turned to the Navy for pro-
tection. There was a time, sir, when we all con-
sidered our national honor in the special keeping
of our Navy. But, sir, that time is past and gone;
and it will be irrevocably past and gone unless this
simple act of justice is done to these disgraced
officers, or unless these censors of theNa\ y, these
men who set themselves up as judges in that h-
tael, are displaced by younger, if not, perchance,
by better officers. The whole esprit de corps of
the Navy is now gone; and the. only way in which
we can effect its salvation, in my opinion, is by
doing justice, simple justice, to men who have
been most unjustly treated.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have to say to
you, and to the members of this House, that it is
to me no labor of love to rise to address the House
upon the question now under consideration. I do
it simply from a stern and a solemn sense of duty.
I have seen enough, Mr. Speaker, and heard
enough, since I have been giving my attention to
naval affairs—and indeed I have seen and heard
enough during this discussion in the House—-to
make me feel that he who rises here, as I rise
here now, has an ungracious task to perform. I
come not forward, sir, here, on this occasion, to
plead the cause of any friend, or of any man. No
blood of mine runs through the veins of any offi-
cer in the American Navy. I come not here, I
say, to plead the cause of individuals. I rise here
to raise one solemn, earnest voice m behalf of our
country and our country's service. I know that
he who does that has an unwelcome task to per-
form.
And now, Mr. Speaker, while gentlemen, friends
of mine and men of ability, have spoken upon both
sides of this question, permit me, in the begin-
ning of my remarks, to call the attention of mem-
bers to the difference in the tone and manner of
the speakers.
Here was my eloquent friend from Charleston,
[Mr. Miles]—and I speak it in no language of
compliment—who did himself honor and distin-
guished credit by the opening speech which he
made on this occasion; and, sir. what was the
tone and tenor of his remarks ? He appealed for
mercy, for mercy and executive clemency, for
men and friends. On the other side, there was the
distinguished gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Daiis,] who opened this debate; and what were
the tone and tendency of his remarks? He, sir,
spoke for the service of the country; and that was
the only appeal he made to the House.
Mr. MILES. Will the gentleman allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. BOCOCK. With great pleasure.
Mr. MILEo. I thi.ik, Mr. Speaker, that the
gentleman has misunderstood me. I spoke yes-
terday without any sort of preparation, and with-
out the least previous attention to the subject. I
spoke simply from the impulse of the moment,
and of my own heart. I was not aware that the
matter was to come up, and therefore I had no in-
tention to have spoken at all. But I did not mean
to put my argument in favor of the resolution on
thegroundof" mercy or clemency alone, solely,or
even specially and particularly. I put it upon the
ground of justice to those to whom I thought in-
justice had been done by the action of these
boards. But I did say that there might be cases
of old men who had worn themselves out in the
service, who, perhaps, were no longer capable of
discharging active duties—men who had worn
| themselves out in the service of their country,
t who had covered themselves and the country with
| glory, and that these men ought not to be, like a
j worn-out battle steed, turned adrift in their old
j age to scoin, to contumely, or, still worse to a
brave and generous heart, to the pity of the world.
I Mr. BOCOCK. I accept the explanation of
; my friend; and I need nothing more than the
| speech just made by him to show from what
, ground iie views this subject. Permit me here,
i as I intended to do in another part of my remarks,
' simply to say, that from all the gentlemen of the
1 House who have debated the question on his side,
I you have heard the same thing about turning out
; old and valiant and time-honored naval officers,
i with disgrace upon them. I deny it. This is
i beautiful in poetry and very eloquent in delivery
i before the House, but it lacks one thing to make it
] impressive and powerful; and that is, that it is not
the fact.
i Sir, the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. White-
j ley] told you this morning (and I take this a little
1 out of the order in which I had intended to treat
| it) that before the assembling of the board under
' the act of 1855, the Navy was in a beautiful con-
dition. In the hands of that plastic master, a
beautiful picture of the condition of the Navy,
, prior to the act of 1855, >vas spread out before us.
I And now, said he, all that is gone. This esprit
'j tie corps of the Navy is lost. An eloquent and
j beautiful picture he drew; butit needs one thing,
and that is, that it is not the fact. I call upon any
I gentleman to show me any proof that the Navy
j has not as much esprit tie corps, as much spirit, as
1 much gallantry, as much devotion to the coun-
try's service, as it ever had in the history of this
land.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to approach this
subject a little more regularly, and I hope not to
detain the House very long. The gentleman from
Delaware and other gentlemen who have spoken
on that side of the question, have stated pretty dis-
tinctly what the object of the resolution is. After
having this naval reform board acting on the cases
of these gentlemen, and after their having an ap-
peal from that naval board to a special court of
inquiry, and after their having been considered by
both these tribunals unfit further to continue on
the active-service list, they make this application
to Congress to permit them to go to the President
i and ask him to restore them to the active-service
j list. That is all. Now, what course would the
President take ? I would be the last man in the
House, Mr. Speaker, to indulge in the slightest
imputation against the present President of the
United States. I am his political supporter; and—
if I may venture to say so in this assembly with-
out having the appearance of arrogance or pre-
sumption—-I am his personal friend. How are
such matters as this usually conducted? And
how will this thing be done, provided the resolu-
tion passes? Has the President of the United
States, already burdened with duty, the time to
take up the records of these courts of inquiry,
examine into them, and determine whether injus-
tice has been done, or whether justice has been
done? Does any man who knows the ordinary
operation of such things believe it for a moment ?
Let this bill pass, and what will you see? You
will see these gentlemen going to their friends and
getting them to enlist their friends, and going with
their troops and trains to the executive mansion,
beseeching the President to put them back into
^MrfsEWARD. I want to understand whether
the gentleman, while he concedes that injustice
mav have been done, will refuse to do justice be-
cause the Piesident will be buidened with appli-
