3000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hard that I cannot be permitted to conclude what
I have to say, when I shall occupy but a few min-
utes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. What I have to say is very
brief. I have stated the substance of the case of
the Marianna Flora, and here is the language of
Judge Story, who delivered the opinion of the
court:
" In considering these points, it is necessary to ascertain
what are the right* and duties of armed and other ship*,
navigating the ocean in time of peace. It is admitted that
the right of visitation and search does not, under such cir-
cumstances, belong to the publie ships of any nation. This
right is strictly a belligerent right, allowed by the general
consent of nations m time of war, and limited to those oc-
casions. It is true that it has been held in the courts of
this country that American ships, offending against our
Jawg, and foreign ships, in like manner offending within
our jurisdiction, rfiay, afterwards, he pursued and seized on
the ocean, and rightfully brought into our ports for adjudi-,.
cation. This, however, has never been supposed to draw
after it any right of visitation or search. The party, in such
case, seizes at his peril. If he establishes the forfeiture, he
is justified ; if he fails, he must make fail compensation
in damages."
June 16,
£gain:
" Upon the ocean, then, in time of peace, all possess an
entire equality. It is the common highway of all, appro-
priated to the use of all; and no one can vindicate to him-
self a superior or exclusive prerogative there. Every ship
sails there with the unquestionable light of pursuing her
own lawful business without interruption; but whatever |; protection would beample, onaccount ofrequiring
may be that business, she is bound to pursue it in such a | such a notice from Great Britaim * °
Mr. HUNTER. I move that we go into ex-
ecutive session.
the course of our Government under the circum-
stances, for I consider that makes the gravity of
the question. Suppose Great Britain to do what
I presume she will ao: disavow that the authority
meant to be exercised offensively, but claim
siiil the righj; the question arises whether we
ought now to insist upon her abandonment of the
right, or whether there may not be a medium
course which will protect our commerce against
her future action, and which, at the same time,
will not compel a proud and powerful nation to
abandon an abstract right. I suppose there is such
a course; I suppose that the American Government
have now a right to say to Great Britain, " you
have violated our rights under orders, no matter
when issued; they have been practically exercised
at our own doors, to tbe molestation and injury
of our commerce; you knew when you issued
these orders that we controverted the right of
visit, though you asserted it; you have got one
of two courses to take; either to abandon the right
of visit altogether, or if you say you will not do
| that, as an abstract right, then we ask from you
: that you will agree in practice never to exercise
it against the flag of the United States without
I previous notice to the Government of-the United
States." If she does that, then of course on such
notice war would necessarily follow, and the
> pur:
manner as not to violate the rights of others. The general
maxim in such eases is, sic utere tuo, tU non alienum
l&das."
In reference to the right of approach, the argu-
ment was, that the Portuguese vessel had a right
to fire into Captain Stockton, because he ap-
proached her. The court say on that point:
i( It has been argued that no ship has a right to approach
another at sea, and that every ship has a right to draw
round her a line of jurisdiction, within which no other has
a right to intrude; in short, that she may appropriate so
much of the ocean as she may deem necessary lor her pro-
tection, and prevent any nearer approach. This doctrine
appears to us novel^ and is not supported by any authority.
It goes to establish upon the ocean a territorial jurisdiction
Jike that which is claimed by ail nations within cannon
shot of their own shores, in virtue of their general sover-
eignty. Bui the latter right is founded on the principles of
sovereign anft permanent appropriation, and has never been
successfully asserted beyond it. Every vessel undoubtedly
has a right to tbe use of so much of the ocean as she occu-
pies, and as is essential to her own movements: Beyond
this, no exclusive right has ever been recognized, and we
see no reason for admitting its existence. Merchant ships
are in the constant habit of approaching each other on the
ocean, either to relieve their own di^irv.-.-?:, to procure in-
formation, or to ascertain the character of strangers; and,
hitherto, there has never been supposed in such conduct
any breach of the customary observances, or of the strict- 1
est principles of the law of nations. In respect to sJtips of 1
war sailing, as in the present case, under the authority of
their Governments, to arrest pirates and other public of-
fenders, there is no reason tvhv they may not approach any
vessels descried at sea, for the purpose of ascertaining their
real characters. Such a right seems indispensable for the
fair and discreet exercise of their authority; and the use of
it cannot be justly deemed indicative of any design to in-
sult or injure ihoae they approach, or to impede them in
their lawful commerce. On the other hand, it is as clear
that no ship is, under such circumstances, bound to lie by,
or wait the approach of any other ship. She is at full lib-
erty to pursue her voyage in her own way, and to u*e all
necessary precaution to avoid any suspected sinister enter-
prise or hostile attack.7'
The British doctrine is that they not only have
a right of approach, and such is the doctrine of
Chancellor Kent, but the right to compel the ship
to submit to a visit to ascertain whether her pa-
pers correspond with her fiasr. This claim we re-
sist, and mean to resist. That is the deduction
drawn in the decision of the Supreme Court, in the
case of the Marianna Flora; and yet it is the sole
authority, except a quotation from Bynkershoeck,
on which this note of Chancellor Kent is founded.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man whether there is any variety of opinion here
upon that point in the Senate*
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that there is.
Mr. WADE. I have heard none, and I sup-
pose none exists.
Mr. BAYARD. I am aware of that, but I
know this authority has been relied upon, com-
ing from an American author, and I have noticed j
it for that reason. I will merely state as to the |
quotation from Bynkershoeck, that it does not
sustain the note, that it is a treatise on the laws
of war, that it relates solely to the rights of bel-
ligerents against neutrals, and, therefore, can be
no justification for the doctrine stated by Chan-
cellor Kent in this note.
I will not detain the Senate longer on this sub-
ject, but I will state what I suppose ought to be
Mr. MASON. I hope my colleague will allow
| the vote to be taken on the resolutions.
j Mr. TOOMBS. The motion is not debatable.
11 can give a reason for it. I do not intend that
| these resolutious shall pass without being heard
! upon them after these speeches. I do not mean
i to let them be sprung on me, for I am opposed to
them.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator from
Georgia, and to the Senate, that, although I in-
troduced the resolutions, I have not occupied ten
minutes in debating them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not occupied any time
on them; and I wish to be heard on so important
a matter.
Mr. MASON. Why not let the resolutions be
voted upon, and let the Senate determine whether
they will pass them or not?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to them, and I ;
wont to speak on them.
■ Mr. MASON. Let the vote be taken; and if a !
majority of the Senate agree with the Senator :
from Georgia, let them be voted down. I hope
the Senate will not go into executive session until
we dispose of these resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On a motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, if the question to be distussed requires
secrecy, it is the duty of the Chair to direct the
galleries to be cleared, and the doors to be closed.
Mr. MASON. I am aware of that. If my
colleague wilknot withdraw his motion, the res- ,
olutions will be ended, I am satisfied. Let the ;
responsibility be where it properly belongs. j
Mr. HUNTER. I will not press my motion, j
if my colleague insists on keeping up his resolu-
tions. I have heard that it is doubtful whether •
we shall have a quorum after three o'clock; but I ,
withdraw the motion. j
Mr. TOOMBS. I renew the motion. I wish |
to do executive business; and then, if We have j ..r _ 
time to discuss this question,! am perfectly will- j ation, the resolutions in regard to British aggres
j and make up their dockets, in order that, if they
|| should not be appointed at the next session of
Congress, their successors may understand how
the business lies.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairean
hardly shut his eyes to the fact that there is not
more than a dozen Senators in the Senate,
Mr. STUART. There must be, or the Chair
could not order the reading of the Journal.
Mr. JONES. 1 am afraid there is not a quo-
rum, and I trust there will not be at this session,
so that we may get home.
Mr. STUART. The rules provide that the
Journal cannot be read until a quorum is present.
That settles the question thus far until it is as-
certained otherwise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
j at-Arms reports to me that there is not a quorum
in the Chamber, and it will not be in order to en-
tertain a motion without a quorum. [A pause.]
Will the Senate determine what action they will
take ? The Chair has announced that he is in-
formed by the Sergeant-at-Arms that there is not
a quorum in attendance.
Mr. HAYNE. I suggest that the Sergeant-
at-Arms, or some one, go to look for Senators. I
dare say a great many of them may be found and
brought here. If they are found, I hope they
will be brought here and taken possession of
anyhow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is within
the power of the Senate to send for Senators, if
they shall order it.
Mr. STUART. My suggestion is merely this:
I think there is a quorum of the Senate m and
about the building; and I respectfully submitthat,
under our rules, the Chair can hardly determine,
without a call of the Senate or a call of the yeaa
land nays, that there is not a quorum present;
j but, with a view of ascertaining that question, I
I move 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
l say to the Senator that he has acted on the report
j of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
j Mr. STUART. He cannot make a report.
; There is but one way by which the Chair can as-
: certain that there is not a quorum present, and
I that is by a regular call of the Senate on the yeas
. and nays ujjon some question. With a view of
, avoiding all difficulties of that kind, I move that
i the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
' tive business; and when that is done, we can as-
; certain whether there is a quorum or not. I think
, there is a quorum about the building. Let us take
the yeas and nays, if you please, on that ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
: taken, resulted—yeas thirty-eight, nays none; as
follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Bitter, Bright. Brodpriek,
\ Clay, Clmgman. Crittenden. Davis, Dooimle, Donuia-,
! Fitch, Fuzpatnek. Foster, Hammond, Harlan.
! Houston, Hunter, Iversan. Johnson of Arkansas, jo':."-,
Kennedy, King, Mattery, Mason, Polk, Pugh. Rcitl. U.1'",
' Sebastian, Smart. Thompson of Kentucky. Tih-ih-
| son of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright
1 —33.
j So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
: proceeded to the consideration of executive bust-
, ness. After some time spent therein, the doors
i were reopened,
! BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr, MASON. I move to take up for consider-
ing to stay a month for that purpose, because it
is a very important matter. It concerns the char-
acter, and probably the peace of the country.
. The motion was agreed to; and after some time
j spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
sions.
|! The question being put, on a division, there
j; were—ayes IT, noes 7; no quorum voting,
fj Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate adjourn.
,i Mr. CLAY. I trust that motion will be with-
drawn until I can make a report.
;• Mr. PUGH. I will accommodate my friend.
11 Mr. CLAY. It is a report that will not tak - a
fi minute.
jj Mr. MASON. I am sorry I cannot do it. I
II think it is so important to have these resolutions
:: acted on by the Senate that 1 am not willing to
recede.
Mr. CLAY. This report involves the personal
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 16, 1858.
j On motion of Mr. DOOL1TTLE, the reading
I of the Journal was dispensed with.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES. I desire to call up the resolution     
I offered yesterday, to continue the clerks to the J; feelings of some very respectable gentlemen m
standing committees of the Senate for sixty days, N New Orleans who memorialized Congress for
as has been usual heretofore. 1 believe that kind jj relief. It involves, also, the feelings of the See-
of order has been made for the last few years. It j retary of War, who transmitted us a letter on the
is necessary for the clerks to arrange their papers {( subject 
