2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the !
ta^le.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF TH E SUSQUEHANNA.
A resojution (No. 33) authorizing suitable ac-
knowledgments to be made by the*President to
the British naval authorities at Jamaica lor the
relief extended to the officers and crew of the Uni-
ted States ship Susquehanna, disabled by yellow
fever, was next taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The resolution was then read in extenso.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
LAND DISTRICTS IN MICHIGAN.
An act (S. No. 286) to enlarge the Detroit and
Saginaw land districts, in Michigan, was next
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to put the bill
upon its passage. It has been informally before
the Committee on Public Lands, and has received
the assent of that committee.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will simply say to the
House, that the only object and effect of this bill
is to change the boundaries of these land dis-
tricts in the State of Michigan. I will send to
the Clerk's desk a letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, which will give a full
explanation of the matter.
Several Members. Let it go.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Very well, then. I hope
the bill will be passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed Jo.
, LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
An act (No. 296) amendatory of an act entitled
" An act to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Minnesota," approved July
8, 1856, was next taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. COBB. That is precisely such a case as
the one just passed, and a little more so. The
Committee on Public Lands have directed me to
report a bill in the same language as that of the
bill before the House; but for fear that the bill
might not be reached by the House in time to
meet the necessities of the case, it was suggested
to the parties that they should go before the Sen-
ate. They did. The matter was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. It was reported
back by Senator Stuart, and was immediately
passpd by the Senate. There is a necessity for the
immediate passage of the bill, and I hope there will
be no objection.
- TJie bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
accordingly read the thud time and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN IOVTA.
Senate resolution (No. 35) removing restric-
tions on a certain grant of live sections of land
tcr the State of Iowa, was next taken from the
Speaker's table, and icad a first and second time.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the bill may be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It permits the State of Iowa
to make use of five sections of land, heretofore
granted tQ aid in the construction of public build-
ings there, for other purooses.
Mr. COBB. That appears to be a matter of
some importance.
Air. CURTIS. The resolution ex plains itself.
I am satisfied that the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, if he understands
it, will not require it to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. There is no occasion
for such a reference. The land in question was
given to the Stare some years a°;o for the purpose ;
of aiding in the const! uction of public buildings
in the State. It was supposed that the capital
would he located on thc.-u: lands, but the location ,
was not deemed ^uta'de, and a diif'-ient location
has been adopted. The present location of the cap-
ital is some forty miles from these lands, which
were at a point remote from wood and water, on
a large prairie. It has been located at the city of
Des Moines, on the Des Moines river. This res-
olution merely provides that the State may dispose
of the lands for other purposes. Let the bill be
read again.
Mr." COBB. I think it ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and I make the motion
to so refer it. It is important that we should in-
vestigate the matter. We can report it back in a
very short time. I assure the gentleman that, it
will have prompt consideration, and if it is right,
we will say so.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to propound a
question to the gentleman from Iowa before I cast
my vote. I understand that these lands were
granted to the State of Iowa some seven years
ago, to aid in the construction of public buildings,
assuming that the capital was to remain at that
point. It was subsequently located at another
point. I want to know whether Congress made
an additional grant for public buildings at the new
location?
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir; there has been no other
appropriation.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then, I hope it will be
put upon its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to hear what
these lands are worth ? and for what purpose they
are proposed to be used?
Air. CURTIS. I believe that the lands are now
worth from five to eight dollars an acre. They
can be applied to the purpose to which they were
appropriated; but it is desirable that the State
should have the right to appropriate them to other
purposes. It has been proposed to apply them to
an agricultural school.
Mr. LETCHER. If tl e land can be applied
to the purpose for which it was granted m the
first instance, why do they want to divert it to
some other purpose?
Mr. CURTIS. I have stated that the capital
is not located on this ground, but some forty miles
from it. The lands ought to be disposed of by
the State; they should not be thus vacant. The
State desires the privilege of disposing of them.
1 believe it is not the purpose to apply them to
the construction of a capitol,but to the establish-
ment of an agricultural school. I suppose that it
makes no difference to Congress to what purpose
the lands shall be applied. The State has actu-
ally erected a building which will answer the pur-
poses of a capuol for many years.
Mr. LETCHER. The establishment of agri-
cultural schools seoms to be the order of the day,
for it is only ten days ago that wo had up a bill
granting millions of acres for the purpose of ag-
ricultural colleges— among other States to Iowa—
and now it is proposed to get up another rival
scheme, so that Iowa may come in for a double
share over all the other States.
Mr. CURTIS. There is certainly in my mind
no opposition to the bill we recently passed for
an agricultural college. I am not certain that the
Legislature will apply these lands to agricultural
schools. I have only said that has been proposed.
But let me fell the gentleman that Iowa, so far
from getting more than her share m this arrange-
ment, does not get her full share, although I
voted for that bill for the purpose of doing what
some thought to be justice to the old States—like
Virginia—winch have not heretofore had school
grants as Iowa has.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
the share of Iowa is, according to my friend's
estimate.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
both the gemiemon are getting off from the mat-
ter uiidfr consideration.
Mr. CURTIS. I move the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. We arc distinctly on this
question of lands, and ascertaining what part
Iowa gets for agricultural schools.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing in the bill
about atrrieiiltuial schools.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman says that
these lands are to be so applied. So far as tHat
matter is concerned, Iowa got a pretty liberal al-
lowance last Congress for railroads. She has got
another appropriation for the establishment of
common school; and now she comes here and
n !■: • for th'c: la.ids (<-r aii ogricakuial school.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a point
of order. It is not the privilege of the gentleman
from Iowa to yield the floor without the consent
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Iowa as surrendering the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. •' I understood
he was on the floor to move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it. The Chair understood the gentleman
from Iowa as concluding his remarks, and asking
that the bill might be again read. The Chair rec-
ognized the gentleman from Arkansas, and sub-
sequently the gentleman from Virginia. The
Chair understands now that the gentleman from
Virginia is entitled to the floor; and the gentleman
from Iowa rises to an explanation.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move that this matter
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending.
Mr. LETCHER. Ver.y well; then I move the
previous question on that motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
An act (S. No. 218) amendatory of the act en-
titled u Ari act to provide for executing the public
printing, and establishing the prices thereof, and
for other purposes.," approved August 26, 1852,
was taken from the Speaker's tabic, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Printing.
HUNGARIAN SETTLERS IN IOWA.
An act (No. 300) for the relief of the Hunga-
rian settieis upon certain tracts of land in Iowa,
hitherto reserved from sale by order of the Pres-
ident, dated January 23, 3855, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. 1 ask that the bill be
put upon its passage. It is a bill voted unani-
mously by the Senate. To effect the object for
which it is intended, it is necessary that tins bill
should be speedily acted upon.
The bill was read. It extends for one year the
right of preemption to their lands to Hungarian
settlers on certain lands in Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I undeistand that these
lands aie to be put up for sale within fourteen
days. The settlers upon them are represented to
be unable to enter their lands, for the reason that
the principal persons who first se'tled on that
land, and who had the privilege of preempting
them under the act of Congress, have removed
from them, leaving the poorer portion of the set-
tlers on the land. They are unable to pay for
these lands, and only aek for the extension of one
year from the time of the passage of this act. It
is only carrying out the original intention of Con-
gress in favor of thes«* Hungarians.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this only
extending the time for one year to enable these
parties to preempt their lands?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. That is the whole of
the act.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am satisfied that
this bill ought to go to the Committee on Public
Bands, and I make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded: and the
main question ordered.
The first question was on the motion to refer
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.-Bliss and
Br van were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers repotted—
ayes 55, noes 85.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to commit (he bill was disazreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
The question was then on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. COBB. I wish to state, Mr. Speaker,that
I am not certain that upon an niveMi^atiou of all
the principles coiHaim-d in the bill, I should be
opposed to it, but here is a bill fp>m tin; S.eei'e
containing perhaps over a hundred nnarter sec-
tions  1
