1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3061
Mr, MASON. If the report can be made and
nothing further done, I shall not object.
Mr, CLAY. There will be no discussion. I
am going to ask to be discharged.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow it. to
be made without interfering with my resolutions,
1 will give way.
Mr. CLAY. Yes. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial *of
Righter& Grain, together with a joint resolution
to authorize the Secretary of War to modify a
contract made with Righter & Crain for the re-
moval of obstructions in the Southwest Pass and
Pass a i'Outre, at the mouth of the Mississippi
river, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report the resolution
and memorial back, and asked to be discharged
from their further consideration on the ground
that the work has been completed, the contract
complied with, and there is no desire for further
relief, and no necessity for the action of Con-
gress.
The committee were discharged.
Mr. MASON. I hope that the vote will be
taken by yeas and nays on the motion to take up
my resolutions.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Douglas, Pitch, Fitz-
patrick, Gwin, Hammond, liayne, Houston, Hunter, i ver-
so^ Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, King, Mason,
Polk, Reid, Seba>tian, Slidell, Stuart, 'frumbuli, Wade,
Wright, and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. JBroderick, Harlan, and Pugh—3.
So the motion to take up the resolutions was
agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Notwithstanding the important
character of these resolutions, I have refrained
from debating them, as Senators will bear wit-
ness. I have not spoken ten minutes on them.
I trust the vote will be adopted without debate.
The resolutions were adopted, as follows:
Resolved, (as the judgment of the Senate,) That Ameri-
can vessels on the high seas, in time of peace, bearing the
American flag, remain under the jurisdiction of the coun-
try to which they belong, and, therefore, any visitatiun, mo-
lestation, or detention of such vessels by force, or by the
exhibition of force, on the part of a foreign Power, is in der-
ogation of the sovereignty of the United States.
Resolved. That the recent and repeated violations of this
immunity, committed by ve<seJs-of-war belonging to the
navy of Great Britain in the Gulf of Mexico, and the adja-
cent, i>eas, bj firing into, interrupting, and otherwise forcibly
detaining them on their voyage, requires, in the judgment of
the Senate, such unequivocal and final disposition of the
subject, by the Government of Great Britain and the United
States, touching the rights involved, as shall satisfy the just
demands of this Government, and preclude hereafter the
occurrence of hke aggressions.
Resolved, That the Senate fully approves the action of
the Executive in sending a naval force into the infested seas
with orders "to protect all vessels of the United States
on the high seas from search or detention by the vessels-of-
war of any other nation." And it is the opinion of the Sen-
ate that, if it becomes necessary, such additional legislation
should be supplied in aid of the executive power as will
make such protection effectual.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the vote was di-
rected to be entered as " unanimous."
adjournment sine die.
Mr. JONES. I call up my resolution for the
clerks, and I hope the Senate will take it up. It
is to continue the committee clerks for sixty days.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ sine die.
Mr. JONES. Take the vote on this question,
if you pleas,.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am opposed to any of these
extra allowances. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and the
Senate adjourned sine die.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be published during the next session, commencing on the first Mon-
day in December, 1858, and ending on the 4th of March following, for three dollars.
The price of the Daily Globe from the first Monday in December, 1858, to the 15th of March, 1859, will be three
dollars.
Orders will not receive the least attention from us, unless the subscription money accompany ihem
THE END.
