2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The SPEAKER. It«is by auction to the high-
est bidder.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
RUFUS DWINEL.
An act (S. No. 189) for the relief of Rufus j
Dwinel, was taken from the Speaker's table, read j
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. i
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- j
ftlunication from the Secretary of the Interior, in l
reply to a resolution of the House of Represent- j
atives of 9th of February, 1858, calling for the !
names and residences of invalid pensioners admit- i
ted to the roll since March 3, 1849; which was I
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a j
communication from the Secretary of the Treas- ;
ury, asking for an appropriation to be expended !
in the prosecution of the work on certain public
buildings.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire what
these public buildings are, so that we may see
whether the communication should not be referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. J. GLANCY JO^ES. The appropria-
tions are asked for the extension of the Treasury
building, &c. They come properly before the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WADE- I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill (H. R. No. 32) to amend ail act entitled "An
act to limit the liabilities of ship-owners, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 3 851, for
the purpose of putting it upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. On a former occasion the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, but not being engrossed, its third reading
was objected to at the time, which carried the
bill to the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARNETT. I see that that bill stands
second upon the list of lulls upon the Speaker's
table, on their third reading. I hope the House
will take up the bills in the order in which they
stand, and get through with the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
only four bills there.
Mr. ENGLISH. How many bills i-emain upon
the Speaker's table? I understand there are but
few, and we might as well dispose of them.
The SPEAKER. There are four bills. The
first is a private bill, for the relief of William K.
Jennings and others; the seeond is the bill re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Ohio, m relation
to the liabilities of ship-owners; the third is to
prevent inconvenient accumulation of certain pa-
peis in the Post Office:and the fourth is the joint
resolution concerning the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to all the
bills being taken up.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. All but the
last—the joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us take them
all up.
Mr. WADE. I believe my bill stands first.
The SPEAKER. It is the first public bill.
Mr. WADE. 1 am willing to modify my mo-
tion so as to take up all the public bills on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to move to procecd to the business on
the Speaker's table in its order on the Calendar.
Mr. WADE. I want to take up House bill
No. 33 first.
Mr. GARNETT. I shall objcct unless the
bills are to be taken up in their Older. There are
but four of them, and the House can dispose of
them in a very short tune.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to un-
derstand what motion the gentleman from Ohio
makes.
Mr. WADE. I will adheie to my original mo-
tion, to take up House bill No. 32.
Mr. GARNETT. I objcct.
Mr. WADE. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, if that motion fails
I will move to suspend the rules to proceed to the
remaining business on the Sneaker's table.
The House divided on Mr. Wade's motion;
and there were—ayes 73, noes 53.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
proceed to the consideration of the remaining busi-
ness on the Speaker's'table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 102, noes 18.
WM. K. JENNINGS AND OTHERS.
The first business in order was a bill (S. No.
29) for the relief of William K. Jennings and
others, on which Mr. Giddings was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I yield the floor to my col-
league near me, [Mr. Bliss.]
Mr. BLISS. I desire to move to refer the bill
with instructions, and I wish to be heard upon
i: that motion. I will send up the instructions to
; ! be read at the conclusion of my remarks.
l| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for the
!i reading of the bill.
I] The bill was read, and is as follows:
j i Be it cnacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
!: of the United Slates of America in Congress assemble-!, That
j the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he ib heieby, directed
i to pav, out or'the fund heretofore received fiom Great Bnt-
: am, under the first article of the treaty of Ghent, for slaves
: taken and carried away by tho forces of Gteat Britain dur-
i ing the war of 1812, (provided so much theieof lemains un-
| expended.) which is hereby appropriated for that purpose,
\ to William K. Jennings, and Aphid Jennings his wife, the
i sum of $1,120,it being the assessed valueof four slaves car-
| ued off by the Briush forces, in the month of June, 1813,
j the said William K. and Aphia Jennings being the legal rep-
resentatives of William Bean, deceased, who was the rep-
lesentative of Sarah Almond, his sir-tor, who died in his
lifetime, and who had lostthree of the said slaves, namely, a
negro woman, named Esther, and two children, the said
Bean having lost another of said slaves, a negro man, named
Sam ; to lienry A. Wise the sum of $280, the assessed val-
ue of a negro man-slave, named NeKon, taken and carried ;
away, as aforesaid, in December, 1814; to Ann Robinson the :
sum of £280, it being the assessed value of a negro slave, 1
i named Hampton, the right to whom is in said Ann Rohm-
!| son, taken and eaiiied away from Virginia, a  aforesaid, in
I1 June, 1813; and to Edward Iludu the sum of $3,680, the as-
sessed value of six slaves, namely, a negro man named Step- !
ney, a nesro woman named Crmner, and four childien, }
taken and carried away from Virginia, as aforesaid, m the j
spring of 1813; and to the legal representatives of Robeit I
Lindsay, deceased, the sum of §'390. it being the assessed
value of a negro man-slave, named Ned, taken and canied .
away, as aforesaid, from the possession of his owner, in the j
city of Charleston, m the State of South Carolina; to the j
legal representatives of Benjamin Ilodges, of the State of i
Maryland, the sum of $280, it being the value of a slave !
conveyed from the United States on board the British fleet, J
in the year 1814, and not recovered by the said Hodges, or '
ll his legal representatives. _ i
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
;; inquire if it is the gentleman's purpose to put that
!j bill on its passage? If so, I rise to a question of ,
I; order that this bill, making an appropriation, must ,
!| of necessity be first considered in the Committee :
j! of the Whole on the state of the Union. I hope,
j; however, that there will be no disposition to press
!! it to a vote to-day, and that there will be no ne- 1
15 cessity for making the question. :
li Mr. BLISS. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
!l mittee on the Judiciary, with specific instructions,
j' which I will indicate before I sit down. 1 would
I: have the instructions first read, but that the lan-
guage will be better understood af'er I shall have
spoken.
11 I wish to say, in the outset, that, owing to the
! advanced stage of,the session, I do not propose to
j; go into a general discussion of the policy of the
|| treaty with Great Britain upon which this claim
!! purports to be founded, or upon the question of
|| slavery, or, rather, of the rightfulness of rccog-
!; nizing slaves as property under any circumstances
!: whatever, which wouid be legitimately open for
; discussion in commenting on the bill now under
consideration.
M I do not waive or ignore my well-known opin-
' ion on that subject. But I propose to show that
! this claim is not embraced in any manner or form
I whatever, in < he treaty to which reference is made
in the biil; and that instead of being embraced in
, that treaty, it is expressly excluded by its terms.
II tor the reason I have stated, I shall confine my
I remarks to that question.
I must confess, Mr. Speaker, I am very much
| surprised that this bill should be here. But, sir,
•, since it was brought before us on a former occa-
■ sion, I have given it some examination, and I find
T it to be one of those old, rotten, stale claims that
have been before Conrrrcs.* for the last twenty
■ years, and that always, whenever they have been
;• brought to she liarht and exnosod, have instinct-
ively sought the shelter of daikness. This is a
claim of a character which would not command
the attention of the House for a moment, were it
not for the fact that it recognizes property in man,
that it provides for the payment for slaves.
I for one should object to it even if that were
the only objection. But it comes here a stale and
groundless claim, without a single feature to rec-
ommend it to the attention of gentlemen on the
other side of the House, but the fact I have before
stated, that it recognizes property in slaves and
provides for their payment. It rests upon a basis
which could not Be maintained for a moment in
relation to any species of property, generally ad-
mitted to be such, and were it a claim for horses,
or ships, or houses, or lands, would be driven out
of the House.
Mr. Speaker, that we may understand perfectly
the character of this claim, it will be necessary
that I should refer briefly to the history of the
treaties under which it has arisen. The first
treaty was made in 1782 with Great Britain, and
may be found in volume eight of the Statutes at
Large, page 57. 1 do not propose to read it now,
but simply to refer to it in order to account for
the fact that a subsequent treaty is in existence.
There was a clause in that treaty wluch provided
for the payment of negroes taken by Great Bri-
tain during the war. The American Government
claimed that the slaves which had escaped to tho
British should be returned. Great Britain pro-
tested against the recognition of a claim of that
character, assuming that where slaves had escaped
under inducements held out to them, that they
should be entitled to their freedom. It would be
"odious," unjust, to require them to be returned.
No State could be guilty of such bad faith. After
full consideration the administration of General
Washington abandoned the claim as untenable.
I refer gentlemen who may wish to prosecute their
inquiries any further in refeience to this ticaty, to
the first volume of the American S'ate Papers,
pages 485 and 486, where they will find a letter
from our Minister in England, (Mr. Jay,) in
which he relates the circumstances under which
he virtually abandoned the claim. After the Jay
treaty nothing, further was seen or heard n1* the
claims; and it is not strange that Great Britain
was betrayed into the use of similar though less
decisive language in the treaty of Ghent, by our
giving up every claim under the former. The
treaty of Ghent, which is to be found in the eighth
volume of the Statutes at Large, contains these
words:
" All territory, places, and possessions whatsoever. taken
by either party irom the oiher. dnung the war, or which
may be taken after the signing of this tieaty, excepting only
the islands hereinafter mentioned, .-hall beie^toied without
delay, and without causing any destruction, or carrvmg
away any of the artillery or other public propertv originally
captured in the said forts or places,and which sha'l remain
therein unon the exchange of the ratifications of this treaty,
or any slaves oi other private property."
I will first call the attention of the House to the
various provisions of the various treaties upon the
subject, and afterwards will ask its attention to
this bill in connection with these various provis-
ions. The same dispute arose under the treaty of
Ghent that had arisen upon the revolutionary
treaty. Great Britain claimed that she was under
no obligation to pay for slaves whi^h had escaped
during the war, for the purpose of b *ing enrolled
m her legions, or otherwise, or had been tram;-
ierned to the West Indies; she had promised them
protection, and coaldnot deliver them up with any
decency or honor,and claimed that she was out-
bound not to carry away any " slaves or other
private property" actual^ " captured," not r< -
ceivcd as fugitives, and under the circumstances
mentioned in the clause holme quoted. Negotia-
tion-between the twoGoverimvnts were had u;-on
the subject, with more or less ini"rmiss-jons, until
1818, when the matter was closed, or attempted to
be closed, by arbitration. Arrangements weie
made for submitting the matter to at Intuition, and
the question m dispute was submitted to the Em-
peror of Russia.
On pages Hi):} and 2Di of the same volume of
treaties, we find the award which was made April
J23, 1322. The reasons for the delay it is not ne-
cessary to give.
The Emperor is of opinion—
- That the [."aired of Ameitea are en tilled to a jie-t
indemnification from f.reat Hruatn, tor all puvate propeitv
earo« d n way by the British ; and lite rju '>tn n >o-
gnrd'« slaves more especially, lor all -audi slaves a- wete
