1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
Mr. SEWARD. I reported this resolution
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I have
been anxious to hear evei 7 gentleman who wished
to speak on the question, before 1 made any re-
marks myself. 1 hope the House will take no
action that shall cut me off from making the re-
marks I drsire to present.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope my collcagae will
call for the previous question, when he has con-
cluded. if the gentleman reported the resolution,
he will bo entitled to his hour.
Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, I think that
if anybody is entitled to courtesy for the floor it is
myself, who so seldom intrudeupon the attention
of the House, as gentlemen round me in this Hall
will testify. I desire to make a few remarks upon
this resolution. Happily for the House, the re-
marks I shall make upon it shall be brief. And,
in the outset, to prevent misunderstanding, I will
say (hat I favor the resolution, and shall vote for
it. Nevertheless, justice to the late Secretary of the
Navy, to the late board, and to the courts recent-
ly assembled, demands that I should say a word
in their defense, so far as the transactions under
consideration are involved. The reasons which
prompt me to vote for the resolution are entirely
different from those I have heard advanced m the
arguments to which I have listened. Hiave not
heard all the speeches which have been made; and
it may be that I will cover ground which has been
occupied already.
Mr. Speaker, it has not been denied that some
reform was needed in the Navy of the United
States. In twenty successive years the succes-
sive Secretaries of the Navy have brought the
matter to the attention of Congress and entreated
its action. I think my friend from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] was in error when he said that the
plan of reform which was finally adopted ema-
nated from the late Secretary of the Navy. The
Secretary did urge upon Congress thatitwas im-
peratively necessary there should be some reform
in the Navy; but that proposed by him was of a
different character from that which Congress fell
upon. To show this necessity, gentlemen will
bear with me while 1 refer to the then existing con-
dition of the Navy. There was always a power
m the hands of the President to dismiss from the
Navy any officer who was deemed incompetent,
or an improper person for the service. There was
always in his hands, or that of his Secretary, also
the power to furlough any officerwhom he thought
ought to be furloughed. But when a man was
put upon the furloughed list, although perma-
nently relieved of duty, he was not taken from
the active list. He remained there to block up
the way fo* promotion for younger and efficient
officers". Hence, when a man behaved badly in
the Navy, when it was shown that he was in-
competent for the discharge of his duty, there was
a power in the Secretary of the Navy and the
President to sethim aside. After he was setaside
his junior could not rise to his rank. He would
have to perform the duty of the superior rank,
without getting either the honor or the emolu-
ments attached to it.
I regret to have to state what really was the con-
dition of the Navy at the period of time of whi-ch
we are speaking. Gentlemen will be startled when
I tell them that, from 1840 to 1851, a period of
fourteen years, one hundred and fourteen officers
were court-martialed for charges ranging from
drunkenness to scandalous conduct, unworthy of
the public service and destructive of good morals.
One tenth of the post captains, one tenth of the
commanders, and one sixth of al' yourlieutenants,
were,duung that period,put upon theirinals; and
of the one hundred and fourteen accused, there
were only eighteen acquittals. The condition of
the Navy at that time truly called for reform. The
reform asked for by the late Secretary of the Navy
was, that Congress should intrust the President
and himself, with the concurrence of the Senate,
with power to dismiss or to furlough, and to set
aside the furloughed, so that the juniors and effi-
cient officers might he entitled to promotion. That
was the plan which ought to have been adopted.
Congress fell upon another plan, which led to the
organization of the naval retiring board. I had not
the honor of a seat here when that bill was under
consideration. It is probable that I might have
voted for it. I would have voted for it with great
hesitation, A board of proscription 1 will always
distrust. I have some historical reminiscences.
and remember to have read of a board which met
upon the Island of Mut/na, in Italy. There were
OcUvius, Antony, and Lepidus. There was much
of giving and taking—what in back wood pat lance,
in North Carolina, is called log-rolling. When it
was said to Lepidus, " your brother, too, must
die—consent you, Lepidus?" he replies, 44 on the
condition Puhlius shall not live, who is your sis-
ter's son, Mark Antony." To which Antony
amiably replies: " He shall not live; look, with a
spot I damn him."
Now, sir, I do not mean to say that this board
of fifteen did anything of this kind. I believe they
were gentlemen of very high character. I believe
they were selected by as pure a man as God ever
made—one to whom Nature had been prodigal of
all those gifts which adorn our nature—the late
Secretary of the Navy, who, I believe, had but
one purpose during all his administrative career, j
and that was to reform the Navy, and make it m- '
deed what it ought to be—a Navy worthy of the 1
Republic. But, sir, the fact that such things might !
take place, owing to the frailty and weakness of !
poor human nature, gave occasion to the captious I
and malevolent to insinuate bad motives and im- '
pure purposes: and the course of the debate which j
took place in the Senate last year, and which has |
taken place here to-day, the crimination and re- j
crimination which have been indulged in show j
that this occasion was seized upon and these in- !
sinuation^ were indulged in. i
Well, sir, the board met under the law. Two !
hundied and one persons were removed entirely, j
or ordered from the active-service list to the r£- j
tired or to the furlough list. This has produced i
a great clamor throughout the country. Are you 1
surprised at it ? All reforms produce clamor, and <
all great reformers fall victims to their reforma- j
tions, until the unerring judgment of time does 1
them tardy, but ultimate, justice. The ax of re- j
form, in this case, fell deep, and so many felt its j
keen edge, that a clamor was raised throughout |
the country. There is no doubt that the board j
had committed errors. Of all men m the world,
the officers of the Navy are the least qualified to
dischargejudicial functions. There is no position j
in the world that so contracts the mind. With
them, contempt of law and lawyers is proverbial.
They scorn and contemn anything like the tech-
nicalities and formalities of the law, the safeguard
of the citizen, and set up their own weak, erring
judgment as an infallible guide. Had this thing
been done by a board composed of civilians, prob-
ably not half the clamor would have been raised
about it. But the thing was done, and it is not
in view of arguments drawn from the conduct of
the board, either good or bad, that we are to pass
upon the merits of this resolution. When the
bill to organize courts of inquiry came before the
Naval Committee of the House last session, it
was opposed by my colleague, the distinguished
chairman of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Bocock,]
and myself, and we introduced a substitute for it,
which was almost in the very words of this res-
olution. The Secretary of the Navy said there
had been errors. The'President said there had
been errors. It was admitted on all hands that
there had been errors. In the nature of things,
there could not have been a great many, for of
the two hundred and one cases upon which the
hoard passed, the judgments m one hundred and j
fifty were unanimous, in thirty-three cases the j
judgment passed by a majority of more than two j
thirds, and in the residue by majorities ranging ;
from a plurality to two thirds. But everybody ad- ,
mitted that there had been errors. I thought then ,
that the best mode of settling the matter would ,
be to put the whole power in the hands of the :
President and the Secretary of the Navy, and let 1
them ascertain where injustice had been done.
There had been twelve or thirteen vacancies in the i
Navy, and the Administration had not filled those
vacancies because they were prepared to nominate
to the Senate for reinstatement, gentlemen who
had been dropped by the board. In order to show
that such were the views of the late Secretary of
the Navy—views which are confirmatory of the
propriety of the present resolution—I ask to have
read a short extract from his letter to the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
The first is to let the vacancies occurring by deaths,
lesWnauon-^or dismissals, be filled by such ot the leserved
or dropped officers as the Executive, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, may deemit just and proper to
restore, instead of making'promotions from the active Itet,
winch have been very considerable under the law, and may
well be temporarily suspended by the Executive until such
restorations are made as may be adjudged ju?t, and for the
good of the service. Tiiere are vacancies, now. No nojn
mations have been made tofill these, and I may venture to
say none will be made for others that may occur, until the
President has calmly considered the suggestions presented
in regatd to some of the officers reserved and dropped. By
this means, unless the errors are for more numerous than
anticipated, they may be corrected without disturbing the
operation of the law, for the President can renominate them
to (he positions they would have attained had they not beea
displaced.
" But it may, perhaps, be urged that vacancies may not
occur within a reasonable tunc, so as to make the restora-
tions as piompt as desirable. This, of course, will depend
upon the number to be restored. To meet this view, I pre-
sent for your consideration another plan, which has once
been adopted in a case not entirely analogous, but much of
the same character. This-would require legislative, as well
as executive, action. It is to authorize the temporary in-
crease of the number of officers to such a point as will en-
able thp Pre-odem at once to nominate to the Senate such
as it may be consideied just and proper to restore; with the
proviso, however, That no moie commissions be. hereafter
granted until by deaths, resignations, or removals, the num-
ber of officers shall have been reduced to the present num-
ber allowed by law."
Mr. WINSLOW. Now, sir, that was the
policy proposed by the chairman of the Naval
Committee and myself; that we should pass a
law giving power to the President and Secre-
tary of the Navy to fill the vacancies that had
occurrcd by nominations to the Senate, from
among those persons who might, in their opin-
ion, have been aggrieved by the action of the
board. And in order to do ample justice, we
went still further; we did not desire to confine
him to the filling of vacancies, but provided that
the Navy might be temporarily increased for this
purpose. The majority of the Naval Committee
took a different view of the matter, and although
they gave us an opportunity of introducing^fche
substitute, they moved the previous question, and
would not allow us to argue it; and so we declined
to introduce it. And now this resolution comes
in in almost the same language. The whole influ-
ence of the officers of the Navy was brought to bear
last session in favor of the bill which was passed. •
They then refused to accept the measure of relief
which we thought was the best remedy, but now,
dissatisfied with the action of thecourtsof inquiry,
they come here and ask for the very measure we
then proposed. The question with me is, whether
I am to be driven by this course into refusing now
to do what I thought ought to have been done
then. But believing it to be proper then, 1 be-
lieve it to be proper now. I believe that no man
in the naval or military service of the country
ought ever to be deprived of his position except
by a solemn trial by his peers. I have been much
struck with a remark upon this subject made by
a great writer, himself well acquainted with the
Navy, and once an officer in that branch of the
service. " I do not think," said he, " that any
military man ought to be deprived of his commis-
sion, except under very extreme circumstances,
unless by solemn trial and judgment founded upon
the finding of a court of his peers. His profession
is the business of his life, and his conduct is at
all times subjected to a severe and searching or-
deal, and dismissal always implies disgrace."
It may be said that courts composed of their
peers have passed judgment upon the cases of
these officers; but, Mr. Speaker, it has always
been understood, under our Government, that the
record of judgment of no court sitting under au-
thority of law should ever be final, unless it has
the approval of the Commander-in-Chief. And it
ought to be so, sir. No man ought to be subject
to the judgment of a court composed of his brother
officers, for they are but human, and subject to all
the weaknesses and frailties of oar nature. In-
terest, misguided judgment, warped and biased
feelings,may sometimes induce them to do wrong;
and there ought to be some higher tribunal to pass
finally upon Iheir judgments.
Now, sir, how was it with this law? When-
ever the court found in favor of an officer, there
the law compelled his case to go before the Pres-
ident for approval. But where the court found
against the officer, that finding was conclusive
upon him. This is not even-handed justice. I
think that the case of the man in whose favor judg-
ment was found, and thatofthe man against whom
judgment was found, should both have gone to
the great fountain of justice, the Commander-in-
Chief,
