954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S,
These are some of the reasons which determine
me to vote for the resolution; not that! think that
great injustice has been done. I do not think so.
But if any injustice, however small, has been
done, let us redress it. Let the measure of jus-
tice be full, pressed down, and overflowing. No
matter how humble a man rrmy be in the service
of his country, let justice be done to him. I fear
very much, however,that the notion has got out
among naval gentlemen that the Government was
made forthe Navy, and not the Navy for the Gov-
ernment. I remember that before the naval com-
mittee, last session, there came in a memorial from
some gentleman whose name I fortunately do not
recollect, and cannot, therefore, state it if asked,
•who based his claim to be restored to office on the
ground that when he joined as a midshipman, he
made a contract with the Government to be bind-
ing during life; that he was to serve the Govern-
ment during his life, and that the Government was
to pay him during liis life; and that, having per-
formed his part of the contract, the Government
was bound to perform its part. I repeat, that I
would do him and every manjusticc; but I would
so do it as to give every officer of the Navy, from
the senior captain at the head of the service to the
meanestcabin-boy, to understand that the Govern-
ment was not made for the Navy, but the Navy
for the Government.
This resolution, in all its scope, can do very
little mischief, and may be productive of some
good. It may bring some worthy men back,
and it may also bring back some unworthy men.
There were two hundred and one persons retired
from the active list of the Navy by the action of
the first board. About one half of those applied
to be reinstated. Of those who so applied, not
two thirds were restored. This resolution only
affects the other one third, on whose cases the
second board acted unfavorably. It may increase
the list of Navy officers somewhat, for a while at
least; but I fear nothing can ever renovate or re-
form the Navy until it be entirely reconstructed.
I fear wounds have been dealt upon it which will
never cicatrize. Still, if injustice has been done
to a single man, let us give him redress.
Sir,I confess to agreat sympathyfor the Navy.
I feel a lively concern in everything that touches
its honor or affects its interest, and 1 would cheer-
fully do everything in my power to advance the
one and maintain the other. I can never forget that
Preble and Paul Jones, and Hull and Decatur, and
Morris and Stewart, and their compatriots, illus-
trated the glory of our arms upon the setts, and
gained for themselves imperishable renown. I
read the history of our country during the war, in
which, for the second time, itdared the might and
strength and power of England; and I turn with
pride and pleasure from those pages which record
our early misfortunes on the western frontier,
where defeatfollowed disastorinquicksuceession,
from the page which records that the foot of the
enemy polluted the sacred precincts of the very
Capitol, to the leaves which tell of the brilliant ex-
ploits of our seamen on the ocean. To this day no
man can tell the moral effcct of those victories
which broke theprcstige ofEngland's invincibility
on the waters, revived the desponding and droop-
ing energies of the people throughout the country,
and dispersed the clouds which had gathered
around our early military organization. From
that time forth the stars have brightly burned, un-
dimmed and lustrous, in their steady progress to
the meridian of their glory. Under the admin-
istration of these men the flag of the Republic has
been carried in every quarter of the civilized world,
and to the icy barriers of the ctrcumpolar seas;
and wherever it has gone, they have gained re-
spect for themselves and admiration for your in-
stitutions. The red cross of England has blushed
deeper, and the white lilies of France have paled
beneath their prowess. Sir, we cannot be too
grateful to those men; and though this measure
may allow half a dozen unworthy men to be re-
stored to the Navy, still it may allow one worthy
man to be restored; and although it may impose
upon the Treasury some additional burden, stiii,
in memory of their past services, which have shed
such luster and glory on our flag, which have
raised our country in the estimation of the world,
I would not let that interfere with my support of
this resolution, i base my support of it on the
simple naked question that no military board in
the country ought to pass final judgment, unless
that judgment is to be reviewed by the Com-
mander-in-Chief. The bill that was passed last
session took away from officers this right'. Gen-
tlemen in favor of the bill, and the chairman of
the Naval Committee himself, saw the omission,
but were deterred from amending the bill through
the fear that by the amendment the bill might be
lost in the last hours of the session.
While I do not defend altogether and through-
out the action of the board, still I think that a
reform was necessary. While I think they have
cut too deep, still I think it is better than if they
had jiot cut at all. I support now the position
that I supported then, and that I will under all
circumstances support; and that is, never to give
power to any board, either Army or Navy, to
take final action, unless such action be referred to
the Executive for approval or rejection.
Mr. SEWARD. I give notice now, at the
commencement of my speech, that I shall move
the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the gen-
tleman 's notice ?
Mr. SEWARD. I would say, with all due
respect to the gentleman from Virginia, that he
having been for a great many years on the floor,
and having been heard very frequently, he ought
not to claim that I should withhold a motion for
the previous question to allow him to speak,
although other young members on the floor, who
have not been heard oil this subjcct, might be
entitled to such courtesy.
JMr. SMITH, of Virginia. It was out of cour-
tesy to the gentleman that I lost the floor yester-
day. I gave way that he might submit a motion
which he expressed a desire to submit, to post-
pone action. I will profit by the precedent here-
after.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not understand the gen-
tleman as extending to me that courtesy; but I
will let the House settle the question in regard to
the previous question, if I call it at all.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to have, if possible, the
attention of the House in regard to this question;
because the principles themselves, disconnected
from the effect of it upon the complaining officers
of the Navy, ought to be settled, and settled cor-
rectly, by this House. In the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, the bill which they call the reform bill was
passed by this House, under the previous ques-
tion, without discussion. It was introduced by
thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who
lias made a speech to-day in opposition to the po-
sition which I shall endeavor to maintain. It was
warmed into existence by him; it is his own crea-
ture; and I do not wonder that the gentleman
should stand by it.
I do not complain of the sensitiveness of the
gentleman from Virginia on this subject, because
the condemnation of this country upon the act of
1855 was a condemnation of the legislative con-
duct of that gentleman, who introduced that bill
into this House, and had it passed under the pre-
vious question.
]N ow, Mr. Speaker, it would be a curious matter
of information to myself if the honorable gentle-
man would enlighten me as to how and in what
manner that bill was manufactured; whether it
emanated from the committee itself, whether it
was manufactured in the Navy Department, or
whether it was the creature of this very board of
fifteen which applied the knife to two hundred of
their brethren in the Navy? Well,.sir,the work
has been done. The gentleman from Virginia says
it was not a judicial act of theirs. Now, I ask
the gentleman from Virginia whether it was not,
in fact, a judicial act by which two hundred men
were displaced from the public service ? Such was
the action of that board, that Congress found
itself absolutely incompetent, under any power
possessed by them, under the Constitution, to
afford full and adequate relief to the parties who
had been condemned. Hence the necessity of
the act of 1857; and that act in itself shows that
the Thirty-Fourth Congress thought it did not
have the power, in defiance of the Executive, to
remedy the mischief.
Now, sir, how did these two hundred men who
had come under the condemnation of the naval
board present themselves before these courts of
inquiry? 1 beg to call the attention of gentlemen
to the opinion of the Attorney General upon this
subject, to show that these men, when they came
before these courts of inquiry, camc there as then-
own accusers, and put their own reputations in
issue, and that they were called upon, not to de-
fend their own reputations when assailed, but to
establish the affirmative proposition that they
were morally, mentally, physically, and profes-
sionally competent to discharge all the duties re-
quired of them. So that the judgment of the
board of fifteen was a judicial decision which put
them out of the service, and put upon them the
burden of coming into court ana establishing
their own character—that character which they
had torn from them in advance. The Attorney
General, in giving his opinion in regard to the
manner in which these trials should be conducted
before the courts of inquiry, says:
e< I apprehend, however, that the necessary course of pro-
ceeding on the pait of any officer, whose case may undergo
investigation, will dispose of rao^t of the debatable points
in this relation. He must begin by producing evidence, of
some sort, to the point of his alleged fitness ; and thus, ac-
cording to all the authorities, he will open the inquiry, not
only of character as a personal fact, but also a? a fact in
estimation, that is, reputation. In the evidence which lie
ctFens theie cannot fail to hp some of this nature.*'
Why, sir, I submit that there is not a member
of this House, I care not how pure his character
may be, if you will subject him to the same test,
and impose upon him the same obligations to es-
tablish that character which were imposed by
these courts, who will not that instant find per-
sons having interests in conflict with his, ^ho
can hunt up, in social life, some charge, some
accusation made by some enemy, to strike down
his character. He, being placed upon the affirm-
ative, to build up his charactcr, is placed at a dis-
advantage which he cannot overcome by reason
of the character of the evidence on which he must
rely. Why, Mr. Speaker, this was a sort of spir-
itual court. Why, they investigated the moral
character of these men. In one of the records
which I have looked into, I find that a high char-
acter was absolutely stricken down for taking
round a social board, six or seven years ago, a
glass of wine punch, by which he became to some
extent intoxicated. I refer to Lieutenant Harri-
son. The only charge against him was the one
I have named, and which he admitted. His sub-
sequent life and his prior life was as spotless—I
venture the assertion—as that of any gentleman
in the Navy. If the members of this House were
tried by the same rule, it is likely that some of
us might suffer from a similar investigation, for
it is a weakness under which some of us may fall.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, this has been called agreat
work of reform. We have been told that the Navy
has been immensely benefited by it. Admit it.
It may be said that more good than riyschief has
been done. Well, sir, if that be true, the gentle-
man from Virginia admitted that there -were some
errors committed in carrying it out, which were
corrected partially by the legislation of the last
Congress. Then, why not, under this resolution,
carry out the woz-k, and correct the balance of the
mischief, and allow full justice to be done to these
parties ? Who is to be in juriously affected by this
resolution ? None but those in high places, and
| in the enjoymentofhigh compensation. Andthat,
sir, is what has given rise to all the mischief. It
has been a struggle to displace some men in the
Navy that others might be promoted. The whole
difficulty began at that particular point, and has
been continued from that particular time. Well,
sir, the act of 1857 looked to curing the mischief
which, as I said, grew out of the decisions of the
naval board under the act, of 1855. The act con-
templated the relief of the Navy from the diificul-
ties in which it had found itself in an increase of
officers, and provided for the restoration of such
of the officers displaced under the act of 3855 as
the courts of inquiry might recommend. The sec-
ond section of the act is as follows:
" Snc. 2. And be it further enactcd, That the operation of
the present iaw limiting the number of officers of the Navy
shall hp. ^ponded «o far as to authorize the restoration",
witbm one year from the passage of this act, by the Pie^i-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
officers reserved or dropped under the operation of the; act
of the 28th of February, 1855, entitled ' An act to promote
the efficiency of the Navy :5 Provided, That there Mia!l be
no further promotions or appointments in anv guide, after
said restorations shall have been made thereto, until <-ueh
grade in the active service shall be reduced to the limit now
pi escribed by law. That when any such officer shall be re-
stored to the N.ivy, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, the officer so re-.toied shall occupy tiiat posi-
j Uon and rank m the Navy which he would have held had
] he not been retired, furIouj*hed, or dropped, by the older of
, the President, on the report of the navai board; Provided,
