1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
land. I understand that none of these fdcts were
disputed, and if the gentleman will refer to the de-
bates of the Senate, when this bill came before
it, he will find that ins friends on the Opposition
side of the Senate did not dispute them. He will
find that the distinguished Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] was on the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and that he did not dispute that the slaves
in question were the property of the claimants,
and were carried away by the British fleet in the
last war.
Mr. BLISS. Did i understand the gentleman
as saving that the value of these slaves was fixed
before those commissioners?
Mr. GARNETT. The slaves were valued at
a certain rate, per capita, the rate fixed by the Em-
peror of Russia, who was the arbitrator under
the treaty. The rate was a very moderate one.
A Member. What was it?
Mr. GARNETT. Two hundred and eighty
dollars per head; something ridiculously%low
Slaves were high at that time.
Oil what ground can this be objected to ? It is
proven that they were carried away by the Brit-
ish fleets. England paid for them; why should
not the payment go to the owners? Under the
treaty Great Britain agreed to make us restitution
for slaves and other property taken away in the
last war. " Slaves and other private property"
are the words of the treaty. The question arose
between Great Britain and the United States as to
how many slaves were included. Did it include
only those who were in American places and ter-
ritory occupied by Great Britain and restored at
the close of the war, or did it include other slaves
who ran away to the British, and were carried off
from other parts of our country? This question
was refered to the Emperor of Russia by the con-
vention of 1818, and he decided that it included
all slaves that the British carried oiT, whether they
were in the forts and places restored at the close
of the war, or whether they were runaways who
toojc refuge with the British. Under this decis-
ion of the Emperor of Russia, Great Britian and
the United States entered into a new convention,
by which a commission was created to adjudicate
ihe claims, and Great Britain bound herself to
abide by the awauls of these commissioners, and
to pay whatever they should find due according
to the construction of the treaty of Ghent, fixed
by the Emperor of Russia. The proceedings of
tins joint board of commissioners were protracted.
Finally by way of compromise, Great Britain and
the United States entered into a convention, in
162G, which the gentleman has referred to, by
which Great Britain agreed to pay a certain gross
sum ($1,204,960) to the United States, in lieu of
and in full satisfaction of all outstanding claims.
The words are these, and I beg the attention of
gentlemen to them, because they involve one of
the points to which the gentleman referred:
ii Art. 1. His Majesty, the King of the United Kingdom
of Croat Britain and Eiuiand. agrees to pay, and the United
Stat-?- of Amentia agrees to receive, for the use of the per-
sons entitled to indemnification and'compensation by virtue
oftlic said decision and convention, the sum of
current money of the United States, in lieu of, and in full
and complete sahffaetion foi.all sums claimed or clannaDle
from Great Britain. b> any pti>on or persons whatsoever,
under the said decision and convention."
The gentleman from Ohio objects at this point
that m the original negotiation, and under the ori-
ginal convention, certain lists of slaves had been
presented to the British Government, showing the
extent of the American claim for indemnity. If
the gentleman will refer to the correspondence be-
tween Mr. Adams and the British authorities he
will find that while Mr. Adams presented certain
lists, he always said they were not complete, and
the convention itself wenton the presumption that
there were other claims not presented m former
lists, which mi^ht yet be presented and proved
before the board.
But the gentleman says that you have agreed
with Great Britain that she is to be called on to
pay only for the slaves in the listpresented to her
during the negotiation; and that it you pay tor
thtwe who were not named in that list, you will
violate the trust, and expose Great Britain to still
further chums.
Mr. BLISS. That is not my argument. The
gentleman lias stated that the American Minister,
or iSoeierary of State, said that there were other
persons who had lost slaves who were not em-
traced in that list. 1 say that m view of that fact,
it was covenanted and agreed between the United
States and Great Britain that the persons embraced
in the list, and none others, should be paid. That
was agreed to in two treaties; and now I say, not
that Great Britain is liable to be called upon for
that, but, that if we abuse the trust and misapply
the money to pay for persons not embraced in the
list, we will be called on hereafter to pay for the
balance of the property which was embraced in
the list. I suppose the gentleman does not claim
that these were in the list at all.
Mr. GARNETT. I have sh own, according to
the convention of 1826, that the United States
abandoned all claims against Great Britain what-
ever, arising under that treaty, on consideration
of receiving a certain gross sum of one million
two hundred and four thousand and odd dollars.
The settlement, therefore, is complete between the
United States and Great Britain; and the United
States alone are concerned with the claimants
themselves. Tiie treaty said that the distribution
of the sum paid by Great Britain to the United
States should be made in such manner " as the
United States alone shall determine." Thereby
Great Britain entirely set aside all definitive lists
which may have been before supplied to her. She
paid the United States a gross sum in satisfaction
of all damages and all claims, and declared that
the United States should alone determine in what
manner the final adjustment of these claims
should be made, and how the money should be
distributed.
Mr. BLISS. By readingthe next article of the
treaty the gentleman will see that it reaffirms what
I claim in reference to those lists.
Mr. GARNETT. The next article simply
hands over to the United States all documents and
papers 
Mr. BLISS. What treaty is the gentleman
reading from r
Mr. GARNETT. The treaty of 1826,
Mr. BLISS. I mean that the second article of
that treaty reaffirms all that I ciaim.
Mr. GARNETT. I will read it to the House:
"Tnc object of the said convention fopina thus fulfilled,
that convention is hereby declared to be cuncrlcd and an-
nulled, &ave and except the second article of the same,
which lias already been carried into execution by the com-
missioners appointed under the said convention ; and '-ave
and except &o much of the third article of the saimj as re-
lates to the definitive list of claims, and has aiteady like-
wise been carried into execution by saiu commissioners.
That third article is as follows:
" When the average value of slaves shall have been as-
certained and fixed, the tw o commissioners vhdil constitute
a board for the examination of the claims which are to be
submitted to them ; and they shall notify to the Secretary
of State of the United States that thev aie ready to receive
a definite list oi the slaves and otner private piopertv for
which the citizen* of the United States e.aun indemnifica-
tion ; it being understood, and herebv agreed, that the com-
mission shall not take cognizance of nor icceive, and that
his Biiiaiunc Majesty shall not be inquired to make com-
pensation lor any claims for pnvate pioperry under the fust
article of the tiea.y of Ghent, not contained m the said
list. And his ISnUimic Majesty hereby engages to cause
to be pioduccd before the commission, asmatonal towards
ascertaining facts, all the evidence of which his Majesty's
Government may be in possession, by return- nom las
Maje-ty's officers or otherwise, the number of slaves ear-
ned away. But the evidence so piodueed, or its defective-
ness, shall not iio in bar of any claim or claims which shall
be otherwise satisfactorily authenticated."
The last words of this very article clearly ad-
mit other evidence of claims besides the defini-
tive list so often referred to; and the saving of
this third article in the annulling clause of the
convention of 182G is only of " so much as relates
to the definitive list of claims, and has already
been carried into execution by ike said commissioners;"
that is to say, of the awards already made and
executed. Consistently with this meaning, the
fourth article provides:
, *'• The above sums hems taken as a full and final Iiqmda-
! tien of aU claims whatsoever an-in.' under the said deei-ion
j and convention, both the final adjustment of thosecltums,
! and the di-tubnnon of the sums so paid by Gieat Butain to
; tiie United States, shall be made in «u<>h mannei as theUni-
1 ted States alone shall determine; and the Government of
Gifdt B.itam thail have no timber concern or liability
! therein.'' !
| Therefore I say that the definitive list of claims
! formerly presented to Great Britain had no further
1 application to the question; for its object was to
I limit the s y before the joint commission and
] to protect Great Britain against new claims,
i Mr. BLISS. The gentleman says that the last
| treaty entirely abrogated the definitive list. How
i can a treaty abrogate a list when m express terms
' it affirms it? I
Mr. GARNETT. The treaty affirms n© such
thing,except as to the claims in the definitive list
already awarded, which award of course it af-
firms.
Mr. BLISS. That is a matter of construction.
Mr. GARNETT. Look at the object of the
treaty, and at the object of the definitive list. Here
were claims to an indefinite amount against Great
Britain. The EmperorofRu«sia had decided that
she was bound to pay for the slaves carried away,
and then the question arose how many slaves were
carried away, and from whom? That was a ques-
tion of fact; a jointcommission was established to
settle it; and Great Britain of course desired to nar-
row the range of inquiry, and confine us, as nearly
as possible, to the definitive list. But it should be
| noticed it was not the list presented in the previous
! negotiations, as the gentlenran would have us sup-
'■ pose; it was such definitive list as might be present-
: ed to the commissioners after the board was or-
; ganized. It was merely fixing a limit to the period
j within which the creditors must appear and pre-
! senttheir claims. But when the convention of 1826
r gave to Great Britain a receipt in full for a certain
; gross sum, and provided that no further claims
| whatever should be brought against her, she had
I no furtherinterestin any stipulations of this sort.
! It was immaterial to her how many might be the
! claimants, or how long- should be allowed them to
| prove their claims. It was, as the treaty says,
I for the United States, and the United States alone,
j to say who should be paid, and when and how,
: and how much. It was a matter of no sort of eon-
J cern to Great Britain whether we paid one claim
i or a thousand claims, or whether we paid none
I at all.
! Mr. BLISS. The gentleman says that Great
Britain has no interest whatever in the disburse-
ment of this fund. He admits that Great Britain
, paid a certain sum of money to be paid to those
! embraced in a certain list. I wish him to show
! to the House how a nation or an individual that
' provides a fund, and puts it in the hands of trus-
tees, can have no interest whatever in the disposi-
tion of that fund ?
Mr. GARNETT. If the gentleman cannot un-
derstand that, I am afraid it is impossible forme
to instruct him. When the gentleman gives me
i his receipt in full for certain claims which he has
j on the part of his ehents against me, and when I
' tell him at the same time, and with the knowledge
: of his clients, for whom he has full powers to act,
that in consideration of that receipt in full he may
| distribute the money amongst his clients as he
: thinks proper, I have no further interest in what
i takes place between him and his clients.
1 Mr. BLISS. The gentleman's case is no par-
! allel 
j Mr. GARNETT. If the gentleman rises to a
. question of fact, I am perfectly willing that he
should interrupt me, but not for an argument.
Mr. BLISS. Perhaps it is an argument, and
I am not wiilmo- to interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. GARNETT. Say it.
! Mr. BLISS. It is simply this: that in the case
put, the gentleman supposes that Great Britain
paid the money over to us, leaving us at liberty
to pay it to whom we pleased; while the fact is,
that in paying the money over to us she has lim-
' ited us expressly; and now we are asked to tram-
ple down that limitation.
Mr. GARNETT. That is a question of con-
struction between us. I have read the treaty, in
1 which it is stipulated that the money shall be dis-
' bursed in such a manner as the United States
shall determine; and the United States subse-
quently, by act of Congress, did determine how
, thismoneyshouldbedisbursed. TheactofMarch
2, 18*27, established a boaid of commissioners to
hear and adjudicate these chums. It did not con •
fine the eominissioneis to any definitive list, but to
hear and adjudicate claims for slaves, and declared
that—
" The said commissiorteis pioceed immediately after their
meeting us the city of Wa-hnviron, with all convemenUhs-
patch. to arrange and docket the several claims, and to con-
sider the evidence u inch >hal! have been, or which may be,
offered by tne respective claimants, allowing such further
time for the pioduotion of Mich fuither evidence as they
may inquire, a< thev shall think reasonable and just; and
they shall theieuprm pioceed to determine the said ciuim\
and to awaid di&uibution of the said lund amonsj the sev-
eral claimants, .iccoiding to their respective lights."
Mr. BLISS. If the gentleman will pardon me
I desire to call his attention to one section of that
