956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
fress, it was passed by a majority of sixteen,
'here were, I think, thirty_ in favor of the reso-
lution, to fourteen against it. That is pretty de-
cisive, especially when the Senate committee had
examined into the matter, and investigated some
of these cases, and the evidence on which they
were decided.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] said he wanted to make a
speech. I think that enough has been said on this
subject; and I believe that I should call the pre-
vious question. If the House is not willing to
sustain it, I do not care. I therefore demand the
previous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
,move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table
now?
A Member. What for?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To bring the res-
olution before the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it would be in order.
Mr-. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I make that
motion.
Mr. SEWARD. That motion was made yes-
terday, and decided in the negative.
The SPEAKER. Debate has intervened since.
The gentleman will perceive that the reason of
the rule is this: debate having been held on the
main proposition, the House may change its de-
termination with regard to the matter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I want to know
what the motion to reconsider is? Is it to bring
the bill out of the committee before the House?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on re-
considering the vote by which the House referred
the joint resolution to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. If that motion pre-
vails, the question will then recur on the motion,
sha.ll the bill be committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And if voted
down, the vote wilt be directly on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The vote will be on the res-
olution before the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the mo-
tion to reconsider will not be voted down.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope it will.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope it will, with
a view to having the resolution amended.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave most respectfully
to suggest to the Chair, that, the motion to recon-
sider being a privileged question under the rules
of the House, the vote having been taken on the
motion to lay on the table, and it having been de-
cided in the negative, the same motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table cannot now be
entertained a second time by the Chair.
Mr. M1LLSON. As a question of order, I ask
whether the Chair has not already decided, this
session, that a motion to lay 011 the table, or a
motion to reconsider, cannot be repeated when
the subject to be laid on the table is in the same
legislative condition?
The. SPEAKER. Debate has been held.
Mr. MILLSON. Does that affect its legislative
position ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would' dislike to
rule in such a way as to preclude the House from
voting on a proposition to terminate a question,
after debate had been had upon it.
Mr. MILLSON. As the House is thin, I move
a cafl of the House before the question is put.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union at this time, would not this
matter come up to-morrow as the regular busi-
ness ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution would come
up the first business in order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, in order to
save the time of calling the House, I hope the
gentleman will give way to allow me to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This being a ques-
tion of reconsideration, if the House adjourn it
can be called up at any other time.
Mr. MILLSON. I withdraw, for that pur-
pose, my motion for a call of the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
There is a privileged motion already before the
House. That is a motion to reconsider the vote
by which Senate resolution No. 3 was referred to j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the |
Union. I want to know how, after the previous 1
question was called, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania got the floor to move a suspension of
the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not perceive
any difficulty at all in the way of the motion made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Such a
motion has been constantly entertained ever since
I have occupied a seat 011 this floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. I know the de-
cision has been often the other way.
Mr. QUITMAN. I want to present this ques-
tion of order to the Chair: whether, when the
consideration of a bill was fixed for a particular
day, as the Army bill was fixed for to-day, can
the rules be suspended without general cbnsent ?
If I am permitted, I object to the suspension of
the rules, as proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. MILLSON. As the motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table will involve two
additional votes by the House, I appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the mo-
tion, and allow the previous question to be sec-
onded. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well; I will •
withdraw it. I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I renew it.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and !
nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. _ _ j
The question was taken; and it was decided in .
the negative—yeas 57, nays 127; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Bray- !
ton, Case, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Cragm, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Curry, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Mississippi, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Faulkner, Fenton, Foley,
Gainett, Gllman, Gilmer, Greenwood, Harlan, Hopkins,
Houston, Howard, Jenkins, George W. Jones, Keitr, John
C Kunkel, Letcher, Mason, Miller, Morgan, Ohn, Pettit,
Uintnian, Reagan, Ritchie, Ruffiii, Sandidge, Savage, Aaron
Shaw, IJenrv M. Shaw, John Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
Willi,mi Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Miles
Toy-lot, Tompkins, Wade, and Zollteoffer—57.
NAYS—Messis. Adrain, Ah], Anderson, Andrews, Ar-
nold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bennett, Billingliurst,
Bishop. Bonham, Bowie. Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett,
Burns, Burroughs, Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clemens, Chngmaii, Cuek-
eull, Covode, Cox, Crawford, Damrell, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, De-
wart, Dick, Edmundson, Eihott, English, Eustis. Farns-
worth, Floreuee, Garlrell, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Robeit B. Hall, J. Monison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins,
Ilickman, Hill, [Iorton, Iluyler, Jackson. Jewett, J. Glaney
Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp. La-
mar, Laiidv, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Lriter, Lovejoy,
MeKibhin, McQueen, Humphrey Mar-hall. Matt(json. May-
naid, Miles, Million, Montgomery, Mooie, Edward Joy
Moiris, Mott, Nihlack, Nichols, Paiker, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phillips, Pike, Potter. Pottle, Powell, Ready, Reilly, Rob-
bms. Hobeils, Royee, Russell, Scales, Scott, Searing, Sew-
aid, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith,
Stallworth, Stephens, James A. Stewart, Tappan. George
Taylor, Thaver, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wa-_.li-
burn. Israel Washbui n, White, WhiteIey,Wmslow, Wood-
son, VVortendyke, and John V. Wright—1^4.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and, being taken, the motion was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion to
i refer, and demand the previous question on the
j third reading of the bill.
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest to the
| gentleman, that before he moves the previous
' question, he allow me to put in an amendment;
; and allow the sense of the House to be taken
j upon it.
! Mr. SEWARD. I cannot withdraw the dc-
' mand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that my amend-
ment may be read for information.
Mr. SEWARD. Debate is out of order, and I
object.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not want to
debate it.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I hope
the House will vote down the demand.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 85,
noes 44; and the previous question ordered to be
PUThe bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SEWARD called for the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAIR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution was again read.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Avery,
Bilhaghurst, Bonham, Bowie, Buffinton, Burlingame, Bur-
nett. Burns, Burroughs, Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra
Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clemens, Clingman,
Claik B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Covode, Cox, Cragin, James
Craig, Crawfoid, Damrell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Ed-
mundson. Elliott, Eustis, Farnsvvorth, Florence, Gartrell,
Goode, Granger, Robert B. Hall, J. Mortison Harris, Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hill, Horton, Iluyler, Jackson, Jewett, J.
Glancv Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp,
Jacob'M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy,
Leiter, Lovejoy, McKibbin, McQueen, H uniphrevMarshall,
Maynard, Mites, Millson, Montgomery, Edwaul Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Mott. Niblack, Nichols, Parker, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purviance,
Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Keilly, Robbins. Roberts, Royce,
Russell, Savage, Seott, Searing, Seward, Judson W. Sher-
man, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, James A. Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor,
Thayer, Waldron, Walton, Ward, Warren, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Isiael Washbuin, White, Wlnteley, Wraslow,
Woodson, Woitendyke, and John V. Wright—122.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Boeock, Brayton, Cobb, Colfax, Burton Craige,
Curry. Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodd,'Durfee, English. Faulkner, Fenton, Foley, Garnett,
Gilmer, Greenwood, Harlan, Hopkins, Houston, Howard,
Jenkins, George W. Jones, John C. Kunkel, Letcher,
Mason, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Pettit, Phelps, Ritchie,
llutiin, Sandidge, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, John Sher-
man, Samue! A. Smith, William Smith, William Stewart,
Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Wade, and Zollicoffcr—51.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. SEWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW REGIMENT BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 313, to
provide for the organization of anew regiment of
mounted volunteers for the defense of the frontier
of Texas, and to authorize the President to call
into the service of the United States four addi-
tional regiments of volunteers.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLARK B. COCH-
RANE, (at three o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 4, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. B. P. Bittinger.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial and joint resolution of the Council and House
of Representatives of the Territory of Nebraska,
in favor of an appropriation for the purpose of
bridging the Great Platte or Nebraska river at
some point within fifty miles of its mouth; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I have received a number of
petitions from persons engaged in the iron busi-
ness in Pennsylvania, who state that that business
is very much embarrassed. The petition I have
in my hand is signed by the workmen of a single
iron establishment in the county of Huntingdon.
They say that more than two million dollars are
invested in the business immediately in their
neighborhood, and that it is all prostrated now in
consequence of the legislation of the country; and
they desire some relief. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON also presented a petition of
citizens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
