1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043,
power of the Government, that of the southern |
States is to be left to the mercy of every foreign foe. ;
Let us know how many men in this House will j
assume that position; and to test the question, I j
wish ti) put the bill on its passage. I call the :
previous question, and demand the yeas and
nays. ,
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a question !
of order. I submit that as the bill makes an ap-
propriation, under the 130th rule it must be first !
considered in the Committee of the "Whole on the ;
state of the Union. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rose to the ;
same point of order before the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bliss] commenced his speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that '
inasmuch as the bill makes an appropriation, if j
objection be made, it must go to the Committee ,
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
Mr. GARNETT. I submit that the nature of j
the appropriation made by the bill is such as to \
take it out of the general rule. It is really only J
a designation of the distribution of a particular '
fund already distributed.
The SPEAKER. The phraseology of the bill
is such, in the opinion of the Chair, as very clearly
to bring it within the rule.' It is " that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed
to pay out of the fund heretofore received from
Great Butain under the first article of the treaty
of Ghent, &c., which is hereby appropriated for
that purpose."
Mr. BLISS. I rise to a question of order. Do
I understand the Speaker to ducide that this bill
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, before it has been referred fo
<;nf of the standing committes of the House?
The SPEAKER.* The Chair makes no such
(kcMon.
Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. Suppose the ■
motion to commit should be voted down, and the 1
pteuousquestionshould n^t be sustained: in what I
position would the bill then be left?
The SPEAKER. On the Speaker's table, in the
opinion of the Chair? ;
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I would suggest 1
to the gentleman from Ohio that he withdraw his
instiueuons, and allow the bill simply to go to the ,
Committor on the Judiciary.
Mr. BLISS. I would, cheerfully, but I have ,
taken some pains to refer to all the statutes and :
treaties relating to the subject, and I think the ref- 1
nees would be of service to the committee m
facilitating thc.r investigations. 1
Mr. GARNETT. I call the previous question4
oo the passage of the bill.
Tiiu SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
tic resolution cannot be put on its, passage. In- .
rs nuch as it makes an appropriation, the Chair
opinion that it must be first considered in >
Commutes of the Whole.
Mr. SMITI-I, of Virginia. But it is rot to be
} asd out of ihe funds in the Treasury.
Tat' SPEAKER. The terms of the resolution
expivssiv make an appropriation.
Mr. GARNETT. I move, then, that it be re-
feried to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union
Tim SPEAKER. The gentleman must first
Ins motion for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. GARNETT. Very well; I withdraw the •
demand for the previous question, and move to
ri :'er the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
me slate of the Union; and upon that motion I
^.■mand the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to occupy five min-
ut- s upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
i;'«r the demand for she previous question.
Mr. BLISS. Must not tLie vote be first taken ;
my motion:
'[ he SPEAKER. The gentleman will find, by
r  '< fence to the rules, that the vote must be first
?a:>- n <m the motion to tefer to the Committee of ,
tb«- vVi.oir- on the state of the Union. ;
Air. GARNETT. I modify my motion so as 1
to i.fer it to a Committee of the Whole House ,
(/1> 'he Private Calendar. .
previous question was seconded, and the
in. on question ordered to be put.
'i !;«• oil! was then refened to a Committee of the
"VVnole House and ordered to be placed on the
I'ijvnte Calendar.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 32) to amend an act entitled
"An art to limit the liability of ship-owners, and
for other purposes," approved March, 3, 1851,
was next taken from the Speaker's table; the
question being on its engrossment and third read-
ing.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us see what the section
is that it is proposed to repeal.
_ Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The seventh sec-
tion is as follows:
Any person or persons shipping oil of vitriol; unslacked
lime, inflammable matches, or gunpowder m a ship or ves-
sel taking cargo for divers persons on freight, without de-
livering at the time of shipmenta note in wiitmg expressing
the nature and character of such merchandise to the mas-
ter, mate, officer, oi person in charjro of the lading of the
ship or vessel, shall forfeit to the United States $1,000.
This act shall not applv to the owner or owners of any
canal boat, barge, or Jightei. or to ony vessel of any descrip-
tion whatsoever, Us-ed m rivers or inlaw! navigation."
Mr. WADE. Mr. Speaker, near one half of
the entire domestic tonnage of the United States
is engaged in the navigation of the north and
northwestern lakps. Tiie merchandise which is
transferred coastwise by this shipping amounts
annually to more than three hundred and sixty
million dollars, or more than the entire value of
the foreign merchandise impoi ted into the Unfted
States. I am prepared with documentary evi-
dence, if gentlemen wish to see it; and need only
to refer them to the last annual report of the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury on commerce and naviga-
tion, where they will see that what I state is the
fact. I do not mean to take up the time of the
House on the subject; but will simply ask that
the same provisions winch are now made for the
advancement of commerce on the ocean, may be
extended to our north western lok^s.
Mr. Speaker, the vaiuc of the commerce u: on
these lakes between the United States and Can-
ada alone, is the third in point of value, and the
first in the amount of tonnage, earned on with
foreign nations. Still the value of merchandise
carried between Canada and the States consti-
tutes but a veiy small poition of the value of the
commerce of the lakes. There was a report made
here at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, (Hojpse Document No. 316,) from which
gentlemen will find that durins;thatand thepreced-
ing year, the value of th-e commerce of the lakes
amounted to several millions more than the whole
of our foreign commerce. In the year 1813, the
fiftieth year of George HI., Great Britain passed
a law precisely like our act of 1851, in relation to
the liabilities of the owners of merchant ships,
and that our act of 1351 is almost a Inc.al trans-
j enpt from the fiftieth of Gcoige III. Tnis law
\v as passed bv Great Britain m favor of her com-
merce; and its woiking was found t\o beneficial
that American ships could not compete with hers
without a similar provision. Since the passage of
that act in 1351, our entire tonnage has increased
about forty-three one hundredths in amount.
Sir, we on the lakes are placed m precisely the
same condition that our bretheicn arc un the sea-
coasts in reference to competition witn British
vessels. I have obtained from the horary of Con-
gress the piovincial statutes of Canada; and yet
find no law of this kind enacted llieie as late as
1836. But we have not the provincial jaws or
Ca..a ia except since lS36,and cannot say whether
| the fifty of George III. has been adopted there or
' not; yet our ship-owners behave that such is tne
| fact. I venture to say, that when 1 broached this
j matter in this House at the commencement or
I this session, there were not twenty memoes s who
were aware of the existence of our act of Con-
gress of 1851.
Bat now it seems, for the fiist time, that
tlemen have waked up to the euoimity or t.nd
law. Geiulemen think the commercial world moat
come to an end. Vet, Sii^our entire commerce on
the sca-boaul is under this law*, and 1 deiy a gen-
tlemen to step forward here and say tliat witina
his experience since the passage ot this act in
1S51, one complaint has been urged against it
by the owner of ship or cargo. Why, sir, it was
passed by decided majotitles; an overwhelming
majority in the Senate; but the y^as and nays
were not called on its passage m tne House.^
It became a law, and has wrought us beneficent
effects on the commerce of the count*v to the
present time; and I now ask whether, in view of
Us operation, we should not ha\e it extended to
the lakes ? It is brought here, on the petition of
the leading men engaged in commerce, from one
extremity of the lakes to the other. That is the
: reason why it is here. It is not a matter of mine.
| I appear here in behalf of the shipping interest of
! the lakes, to ask Congress to extend the same
! principle to the commerce of those lakes which
! it extends to the commerce of the ocean. I do not
! seek, Mr. Speaker, to extend it to any regions
! where it is not asked for. Gentlemen ask me,
I why not extend it to the rivers? The reason is
; because no man dwelling on the rivers has asked
us lo do so. We have no evidence that they want
| it; and, therefore, I do not presume to come here
j and impose on the people interested in the west-
| ern rivers, an act which they do not ask for.
! When I took the floor I did not intend to detain
j the House, and I now ask for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio for information in regard to the
objects which he expects to accomplish by this
amendment of the act of 1851. In the explana-
tion he has given to the House he has stated no
reasons.
Mr. WADE. I insist on the previous question,
but I will first answer the gentleman's question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am merely asking for
my own information and the information of the
House. I find on looking at the pending act of
which the gentleman from Ohio is the advocate,
that it provided that, so much of the seventh sec-
tion of the act of Congress, passed March 341851,
as prohibits the application of the law to inland
navigation shall be repealed.
Mr. WADE. No, sir; the gentleman is mis-
taken ; it onl v applies to inland navigation on these
lakts.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will read the act and see
whether I am mistaken.
Mr. WADE. I do not yield the floor to the
gentleman to read the act. f understand what the
act contains. I ask the previous question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio whether, after having given me the
prhilege of the floor, he should now take away
that privilege when I am asking for information,
not to obstruct the passage of the bill.
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman will put his
question so that I can answer him understand-
mgly, I will withdraw the previous question.
Mr. CLEMENS. The pending bill provides
that so much of the seventh section of the act of
Congress passed 3d March, 1851, as precludes the
said act from applying to any owner or owners of
any vessel used m inland navigation shall be re-
pealed. On looking at the act of 1851,1 find that
by the seventh section it is provided that the pre-
ceding sections shall not apply to the owner or
owneis of any canal boat, barge, lighter, or any
\essJi of any descuption whatever, employed oil
the nvus oi Inland lakes.
Tne point which I desire to make on the gen-
tleman from Ohio is tins: what is the reason for
which he desires tiiese provisions of the act of
1651 to apply to those engaged in inland naviga-
tion r What particular section of the act of 1851
is it which he desnes to have applied to those en-
gaged in inland navigation, and especially what
particuiai hardship, which they now labor under,
does he desire to do away with by bringing them
under the operation of the act of 1851 ? Is it for
the purpose of relieving them from liabilities as
common carriers ? for I find, by the first section of
the *aw of 1851, it is provided that ship-owners
shah not be liable for damages to goods by fire,
excep* when caused by design or neglect. Is thai
his object, or is it his object to make apply the
bt;u>nd section, which provides that they shall not
be habV for valuable goods except when entered
upon the bill of lading? is it either of these ob-
jects that he has in view in making these sections
jppiv to inland navigation?
Mr. WADE. If I understand the bill, and I
think I do, it proposes to extend the provisions
of the act of 1851 to vessels navigating the hikes
Champiam jOntauo, Erie, St. Clair, Hmon, Mich-
igan, and Superior, and their connecting nuviga-
ble waters. It brings that act to bear on vessels
navigating thet-e lakes, excluding us operation
from canal b> ats, barges, <fcc., just precisely as
in the original act. It is making thaf law extend
to the n ivigauon of these lakes. I now asic the
pievious question.
