1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95?
praying that sufficient protection may be extended
to 'i)'vt branch of American labor en^a^ed in tiie
manufacture of iron; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. STUART pi esented a petiiion of citizens
of Loekport, New York, and two petitions of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the construction
of a harbor of refuge at Now Buffalo, Michigan;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. ALLEN presented aresolution ofthe Legis-
lature of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions, in favor of an act granting public lands to
the several States and Territories, to aid and en-
courage scientific education in agriculture and the
mechanic arts; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of John
Wightman, praying that the Postmaster General
may be authorized to vary the terms of his con-
tract for carrying the mail in conformity with the
principles of equity and justice; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Ebe-
nezer Ricker, praying to be allowed a pension on
account of a wound received in the military ser-
vice of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, in favor of the distribution of a
portion of the public lands among the several
States for educational purposes; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be punted.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the petition of Jeremiah Pendergast, praying to
be allowed additional pay for services as a night-
watchman at the Patent Office building; winch
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. '
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Iowa, praying for the establish-
ment of a tri-w ekly mail iVoui D;"s Mom -s, m
that State, to White Cloud, in the Territory of
Kansa?; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Otnce and Post Roads, and oidered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A messasre was received from the House of
Representatives, bv Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an- 1
nouiicnig that the House lias passed the resolu-
tion of the Senate (No. 3) to L-xiend and define
the autliority ofthe President, under the act ap-
proved January 10, 18.57, entitled "An aet to
amend an act einitled ' an act to promote tbeeffi-
ciency of the Navv,' '"in respect to diopped and
retired naval officers. j
BANKRUPT LAW. |
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu- 1
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: I
Rewlve'L-Th^t so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States as relates to the subject of •
"a uniform bankmpt law," be referied to the Committee
on the Judiciary. i
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. , . I
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public ;
Lands, to whom was referred two petitions of
citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, in relation to grants
of land to actual settlers in Arizona, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration, and ;
that they be referred to the Committee on Terri- i
tories; which was agreed to. :
He also, from, the same committee, to whom ;
was referred the bill (S. No. 339) amendatory of {
the act entitled "An act m addition to certain i
acts granting- bounty lands to certain officers and j
soldiers who have been engaged in the military j
service of the United States," approved March 3, ;
1855, reported it without amendment, and that the j
bill ought not to pass. I
He also, from the same committee, to whom t
was referred the bill (S. No. 157) to provide for j
the payment to the State oi Missouri of two per <
ccntum of the net proceeds of the sales of the pub- j
lie lands therein, heretofore reserved under a com- i
pact with said State, reported it without amend- |
ment. '
Mr. IVERSO jNt, from the Committee on Claims, j
to whom was referred a bill reported from the ;
Court of Claims, December 10, 1^57, for the re- j
lief of CharnerT. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert j
Stalker, with the opinion of the court in favor of i
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 183) without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, the 12th of May, 1856, for the relief of
John Robb, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 184) with
an amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed. The bill was road,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 2) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of the contractor for the
erection of the United States marine hospital at ;
San Francisco, California, reported it with an
amendment. :
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a paper relating to the claim
of C. J. Fox, asked to be discharged fiom its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred the memorial of John C. F. Salamon !
and George W. Morns, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 4) 1
to authorize writs of error m all cases prosecuted
by indictment, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
whether or not Minnesota is aState of the Union
under the Constitution and laws, submitted a re-
port accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That Minnesota i> not a State of the Union,
under the Coumtuiion and law=.
The report was ordered to be printed.
v THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
On motion, by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones. Itdirects the proper
accounting officers to allow to him the pay of
which he was deprived by the decision of a court-
martial, in the year4^51, with a proviso that this
is not to be construed as an expression of opinion
on the organization, conduct, or decision of the 1
court. :
Mr. STUART. I ask the Secretary to read
the memorial which will present this case. !
The Secretary read as follows: :
To the Sevutp and House of Representatives of the United
States of Jhnenca in. Congress a-,$etn!i!cd:
The memorial of Thorn*. Ap Cato-by Jones, a captain
i!) thoi\Avyoi the United Htaic-,]espmhiIlys?howethjthdt
in the winter of ls.30-51, f-hostlj attei his lecall fiom com-
mand of oin j-quadion on the Pacific and California coasts,
he was tned b\ a naval com t martial. \\ inch held lt-sse^-ion
at the navy jaid, m tiub cay; andih.it tne rentencc was
'• Jive yeais* mi-pen-ion, the th^t two and .i half \ ear.-. With-
out pity or emolument.'' Thi-. fcveie sentence \v.i> passed,
as your nieino'j:.h«-t v«'idy hchevo, and is- well a-^urod by
bevn.il diM.m<rui>htd iuast3 funiimr with court mutual
practice, on te.-nmony t\--ontia!lv dcn-etivo. even tothead-
ini^ion of" ex parte'' evidence. :w the ol'iual leeoid of the
couitattests ; and on winch join inemoit ili-t wa^jti uv en-
titled to full ai,d honojable acqum \1 Fo> t;>e e and other
good and .-uh-tantiil reasons yom memoinli>t p.ajeih that
)0Ui honoiabie bodv will take his ca-e o;'irn\u liaui-iup
into favotablo congelation, and authorize re-titution of the
pay of which he lm-> boon winnatully dejv iwd. thiough the
mistake ofthe couit, fiom the Ibth day of Febtuim, 1851,
to the day ol i'< biuan, ld53.
Your nu-monau-t mo-t le.-pectfully bes« leave to refer
your honoiabie bodv to the accompanying lettei, t.Xo. 3.)
which may be considered as the fhftdiicctaetion oi m>Ex-
cellency PiOMdent Fillmoie,on Li* sentence. Tin? actum
was voluniaiy on the pan of the Fxccutive ; and the kind
term's used h> the Hon. Mr Kennedy. Secretary ofthe Navy,
in communicating the PioidenCs remis-sion ot the unex-
pired term of the sentence, aflouls justgiound rtu suppos-
ing that the Pievuient. as well as Mr. Kennedy, considered
tiie sentence of >out memouahst as one of unmerited se- 1
veiity. i
And your memouahst, as in dut\ bound, will evt-r pray. '
THOtf. AP O. JONES. i
No. 3.—Letter referred to in the foregoing petition: j
* IV vvv Department, Febiuari! 23,1853.
Sir : It gives me much pleasure to inform you that the
President, upon a consideration of your ca-e a* lepresented
to hnn bv'th'e Depaitment, ha^ boon pleased ro direct that
the residue ot t'le t'jiin o'f youi suspension, to which you
were sentenced by a naval geneial court-martial, m Febru-
ary, 1650j be remmcd, and thatjou be u restored to the ser- ,
vice/'
This remission will take effect from the 22d instant, fiom
whicn date you will. onsidpr yourself as waiting orders.
I am, re>pcctiuily, your obedient servant,
JOHN P. KENNEDY.
Commodore Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, United States
Navy, Prospect Hill, Virginia,
The foregoing is an exact copy of the original memorial
presented late m the second session of tiie Tlurtv Thud
Congress, bm not acted on till the first session of the'Thirty-
Fourtfi Congress, when, after full debate, the Senate passed
bill,No. 481, which, although it received the sanction of the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the Hoti^c of Representa-
tives, was not acted upon by the House of Representative*
for the want of time.
TIIOS. AP CATESBY JONE&
All the papers to which reference is made in the foregoing
memorial, aie now on file in the House of Representatives!
JONES.
Washington, December 2,1856.
Mr. STUART. It certainly affords me no
pleasure to oppose a claim of this character, here
or elsewhere; but, sir, my convictions are per-
fectly clear that the relief which is asked for by
the memorialist in this case is beyond the consti-
tutional authority of Congress to give; and I shall
ask the attention of the Senate for a very few
minutes, while I present the considerations which
occur to me.
The memorialist states that by a court-martial
held at the navy-yard in this city some years ago,
he was tried upon certain charges, and by that
court-martial convicted. He sets out that that
court-martial received improper evidence, even
extending, he says, to ex parte testimony: that
they rendered an unnecessarily severe judgment
against him, which judgment was that he should
be suspended five years, two years and a half of
which were to be without pay. He says that on
the case being reviewed by the President, in vir-
tue of his constitutional authority, (in which re-
view it will be conceded by all he had the power
to remit the entire sentence if he chose,) he de-
cided to remit one half of the suspension, or the
remaining term of suspension. The memorialist,
for the reasons which he assigns, in the first
place, that the court received improper evidence,
and m the next place, that they visited on him too
severe a judgment, asks Congress to interpose.
The President having remitted one part of the
judgment, he asks that Congress shall remit the
remainder, by allowing him two and a half years*
pay.
There I make the point that Congress has no
authority whatever to interpose and modify this
judgment of the court-martial, and that it would
have no such authority if the President had not
acted at all, the Constitution being clear that all
power to paidon, or to remit fines or penalties,
belongs to the President, and the President alone.
But, sir, here is a case where the President has
been called upon to exercise this constitutional
authority; and he has exercised it, and decided
that he will do no more than remit the residue of
the suspension. It seems to me that this case is
too clear for argument. I know that it has been
presented before—presented in the hurry of legis-
lation. I know the difficulty there is in consider-
ing a question of this kind in the Senate, at any
time. That difficulty exists now, and always will
exist; but if there be any one thing under this
Government more important than another, it is
that each department shall keep iiself clearly and
distinctly within its own jurisdiction; that the
legislative department shall not encroach, in the
least degree, upon the duties which belong appro-
priately to the executive or judicial departments,
and so of them.
1 am aware that it is sought to be said that we
ineiely pay this man the money; that we do not
undertake to interfere with the judgment of the
couit; and that the bill has got a very mild pro-
viso attached to it, declaring that this act shall not
be construed as passing any opinion whatever on
the propriety ofthe decision of the court-martial;
but the bill itself is a direct interference with the
judgment of the court—overruling it. Can this
be disputed? What is it, I ask—and I call the
attention of Senators to it—that prevents Captain
Jones from receiving this two and a half years'
salary now? It is the judgment ofthe court-mar-
tial depriving him of it. I f Congress passes a bill
to pay it to him, does not Congress interfere with
the judgment? Can this dilemma be escaped by
any sort of reasoning, or attempt at reasoning?
It seems to me not. "I repeat, the only thing that
stands in the way of his claiming at tne Treasury
Department now this two and a half years* pay,
