mm-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
down any barrier against fraud at all, the amend-
ment will be adopted, and let these claims come
up for investigation, though there has been a pie-
vious rejection, if that rejection has not been on
aiiy charge of fraud
"Mr. STUART. I do not desire to discuss this
raatter. Certainly I have not had a full opportu-
nity to examine the bill, though I have heard
something in connection with it; but I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Missouri, that those
gentlemen for whom he cares stand better than
tliqse who go through the process of the bill. If
a "man has got a case twice rejected, he can come
directly to Congress with it, and if he has merits
in his case, he can show them. There is a pro-
priety, however,inexcludingthem. Ifthese cases
are tried, as most of them are, on ex parte proof,
and rejected, that ought to be sufficient to prevent
their being determined again by any local officer.
I wish, however, to suggest to the honorable
Senator from Louisiana an amendment, to which
I presume he will not object, more of phrase-
ology than anything else. He has a provision
somewhere in the bill, which authorizes the re-
ception of evidence taken informer cases, and de-
clares that it shall be regarded as true prima facie.
I suggest to him to make it simply receivable—
admissible.
Mr. BENJAMIN. These are the words:
" The facts repoVred as proven by The former board shall
be taken as ti uo jmma fade ; and thy ovid^nce offered be-
fore such formei hoard, and remaining of record, sha.il be
admitted on the examination of the claims made undei the
provisions of tins act."
The facts reported as proven are to be taken as
true in the new examination, prima facie; the evi-
dence remaining of record is to be admitted on
the new examination. Those are the words of
the bill.
JVIr, STUART. I should prefer that even in
regard to those facts, they should simply be re-
ceived without giving any especial weight to them,
one way or the other. Let the provision simply
be that the facts shall be received.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The facts reported as
proved51
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Received how ? It is merely
stated bene that they shall be taken prima fade as
true.
Mr. STUART. If the evidence is in existence,
that evidence ought to go before the present board
for what it is worth. If the evidence is not in
existence, then I doubt the propriety of taking
any report of facts independent of evidence as
proving anything. If they have the evidence, let
it be received.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not exactly take the
Senator's point. Many of the former boards re-
ported to Congress that the claimant had proved
certain facts, but by reason of the absence of proof
upon such and such other points, his claim was re-
jected. This section of the bill will, of course, only
apply to cases wherein former boards have report-
ed certain facts as proven, and yet the claim has not
been confirmed. In some cases they report certain
facts as proved, and then state what the deficiency
is which prevents a confirmation, in other cases
they state what evidence there is before them, and
say they are nofsatislied with it. This bill pro-
vides that where the evidence remains on record,
that evidence shall be admissible. It provides
that where the former boards have reported that
certain facts were proven, those facts shall be
admitted as ti*ue prima facie.
Mr. STUART. I understand the Senator, but
he will see the point I make. If there is no evi-
dence to sustain that report now in existence, it
is the mere opinion of the officer who gave that
/certificate. Now I do not think it is proper to
say that that opinion, unsupported by any exist-
ing evidence, shall betaken as prima facie true;
but I think we should leave the parties now to the
opportunity of using any evidence that they had
in the former case, and make that evidence admis- i
sible :
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to the j
Senaror that a large class of cases would bo very j
hardly dealt with by his amendment. This sec- I
tion of the bill provides for cases which were I
before former boards that run back now nearly ]
fifty years. Here, I may observe, en peasant, that 1
the State of Louisiana has been retarded in its j
improvement and settlement by the legislation of !
the country, in rcspect to these hind titicr, to a«i '
! extent which gentlemen will hardly believe. Large
- portions of the State, after -fifty years of settle-
ment of other portions, are now unsettled in con-
! sequence of the condition of the land titles. Some
i of these people, fifty years ago, perhaps, proved
i that they were in settlement and cultivation. The
, witnesses to those facts are dead and gone, but
• perhaps their written titles were considered insuf-
> ficient, or there might have been a want of certif-
| icate. Now, if a board appointed by the Govern-
! ment of the United States at that time, reported
, to us that these parties had proven their posses-
' sion and cultivation, but that their other titles
' were insufficient, shall they be required, after fifty
\ years, when the witnesses are dead and the mem-
: ory of those who knew the facts has been eiTaced,
; again to prove that they were in possession and
j cultivation at a particular date ? These claims go
j back over half a century, and the Government
t has been exceedingly carcless in relation to its
' duties under the treaty of cession.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
| interrupt the Senator for a moment. Unless by
1 general consent of the Senate the Chair must call
I up the special order.
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. It will take but a few min-
! utes to close this matter. I ask the consent of the
i Senate to let this bill be considered.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
I no objection. The Chair would remind Senators
, that the only question is on the amendment of the
| Senator-from Missouri, [Mr. Polk.]
! Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the Senator from
| Michigan will do no good to the bill and no jus-
tice to the Government by his proposed amend-
ment. I hope the vote will be taken on the amend-
ments. I would rather yield to'them than lose the
bill
, Mr. POLK. I beg leave, before saying a word
; in reply to the Senator from Louisiana on the
i amendment I offered, to remark that I think he is
I perfectly corrcct on the point the Senator from
i Michigan makes. The section makes a distinc-
i tion between cases of this kind. Where there is
| evidence of record, that evidence is to be admitted;
, but where former boards have reported facts with-
> out reporting the evidence, the facts reported aie
I to be consideied as p\ima facie true. I hope the
! Senator from Michigan will not offer the amend-
; ment he suggested. I believe that the provision
i is right as it stands.
j I hope the Senate will agree to the amendment
! I offered. As I stated before, there are cases on
; which the entry ofthelast board was " rejected,"
« though, at the same time, they were not lejected
on an investigation of the claims on their merits,
butrejected because the board had no jurisdiction
| as they supposed. They did not reject the claims
: because they ought not to be confirmed, but be-
! cause they supposed that they, under the act,were
not authorized to report them for confirmation.
i Mr BENJAMIN. Will the honorable Sena-
, tor from Missouri permit me to suggest to him
! that instead of his amendment, we insert after the
i woid £< rejected" the words " on the merits;" so
that it will read " rejected on the merits ?" |
Mr. POLK. I have no objection to that. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will offer that amend- i
ment if the Senator withdraws his. j
Mr. POLK. That is acceptable to me, and I |
withdiaw my amendment. 1
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment is in the j
thirty-fifth line of the third section, to insert the >
words " on itsmerits"after the word "rejected,"
so a? to make the clause read, '4 nor shall any such 1
claim be received or considered by the commis-
sioners which has been already rejected twice on j
Us merits by previous boards." j
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is one misprint on !
the 8th page of the bill, in the eleventh section 1
and twenty-fourth line. The word "proviso"'
ha* been printed " power "
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made. „
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is another
change. I recollect that the word " disproved*'is
placed ther^ for " disapproval."
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was corrected by the
Secretary. "Disprovai" in the fifth section should
be <! disapproval."
TV VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
Will be made.
Mr. STUART, i am very reluctant to inter-
fere with a bill of this character, coming from an-
other committee; but I certainly see what, to my
mind,are'serious objections in retaining the lan-
guage to which I have already called attention. It
establishes a new rule of law in respect to these
claims. If the claimants weie to come to Con-,
gress; if they were to institute judicial proceed-
ings in a court of record, there would be no such
rule; and it seems to me that in this class of cases,
which stand mainly on ex parte proof, offered by
the claimant of the title himself, and not subject
to investigation or cross-examination to any con-
siderable extent, to say that what some former
officerhas certified was proven, in respect to which
there is now no existing evidence, is establish-
ing a very dangerous species of testimony.
Mr. POLK. If the Senatorfrom Michigan will
allow me, I will make a suggestion as to some
cases which I know to be existing cases, showing
the importance of a provision like this. For in-
stance: in Missouri, at one time the recorder of
land titles was commissioner for the purpose of
reporting certain claims for confirmation by act
of Congress, where the meritorious consideration
was cultivation and settlement. There are cases
where proof was taken in 1817 and 1818, under
the act of 1816, and the proof of inhabitation and
cultivation was by a living witness. I know a case
| now, where the witness was one John B. Har-
: dens. I remember it because it was a case in
which I was interested as counsel. Pie was an old
man at that time, and has since died, leaving a
widow upwards of one hundred years of age. I
have known that in one or two instances that
widow was able to make proof; but in the partic-
ular case to which 1 allude she knew nothing
about it; but the husband did; and he made proof
to the satisfaction of this officer, and the officer
reported the fact of inhabitation, cultivation, and
possession of the land, on the testimony of this
old gentleman. Pie is now dead. It is an utter
impossibility in such a case to have the proof
made now. Itwas proof of afact in pais, depend-
ent on the testimony of a living witness at the
time, and that witness was an old man in 1816,
and has been long dead and gone. The fact is
stated by the officer to have been proved. This
bill merely makes a statement of that fact, as
proved, prima facie, true. That is all.
Mr. STUART. I can understand that there
may be a single case, perhaps half a dozen cases,
where it would be very convenient and very just
to say that a certain fact, having been carefully and
properly ascertained m 1817, should be received
as true now. But, sir, I can also conceive of a
great many cases where the leception of such sort
of testimony would do manifest injustice. You
know nothing about who swore to it; you know
nothing about the character of the mail'——■
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator suggest
a rase where he thinks, where the former tribunal
has reported a fact as proved, it would be wrong
to admit it prima facie ?
Mr. STUART. I am really surprised at the in-
quiry of my honorable friend from Louisiana, for
he isa lawyer of extensive practice, and has many
times seen a fact sworn to that any individual
thoroughly acquainted with the person who swore
to it would not believe; and yet, being a stranger
to the commissioner, he might certify ltto be true.
You have no safety in allowing the reception of
such testimony. Here is an opinion which was
]'• given in 1817, or at any other time within fifty
j! years, by a man you do notknow, as to what he
thinks was proven, under circumstances that you
I do notknowanythxngabout,and you rely on that
I to establish a fact in law. The effect is to give a
■ claim fifty years old agreatdeal betterchance than
1 one thatexiststo-day. Thisishkc all other classes
j ofcase.s;therearetwosidestothem. Itisnotevcry-
: body that interposes a private land claim wh'> has
■ got a valid one, by any means. A great many of
them are invalid and unjust, and ought not to be
substantiated: and there are others that ought to
■ be confirmed. I do not know that 1 should ob-
' ject to this clause of the bill if it was confined to
the mere fact of possession, of occupancy with-
out regard to time; but this bill makes it conclu-
sive as to any fact.
' Mr. BENJAMIN. Not conclusive.
Mr. STUART. I say conclusive, unless you
Can w out it t;>-d:nr. jf i<?to be fak<n ns prima
' facie true in regard to any fact that is ceilified, no
( matter wh:ir fhe. fnrt
