1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2047
Now, sir, I do say that I have never known a
law passed after a half century which determined
that every certified fact in a case a half century
o'd should be taken as prima facie true, and I am
not prepared to agree to such a law to-day. If
the evidence was taken, it certainly was the duty
of the officers taking it to preserve it. The prob-
ability is, that in many cases, in most eases, the
evidence is preserved, and the other clause in the
bill will give all the advantage that is desired, by
making that testimony receivable, although the
witnesses may be dead; and even in such a case,
it will be seen that it cuts off all chance of cross-
examination, all chance of contesting the credi-
bility or the character of the witness. He swore
fifty years ago. His very name is forgotten, and
he stands to-day a substantial, honest witness,
upon the written testimony that he gave. But
when you go further, as is provided for m this
section, and say that any fact certified to by those
officers shall now be taken and held as prima facie
a true fact under this law, it is establishing a very
dangerous proceeding. I do not know how all
the Senators from the States to which the bill ap-
plies may regard it, but I confess that I should
not want such a proceeding set up in the State 1
represent, to interfere with land lities. For the
reasons I have stated, I move to strike out of the
seventh section the words " the facts reported as
proven by the former board shall be taken as true
prima facie, and."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think the Sena-
tor from Michigan had better examine this amend-
ment. One half of the section is gone at once, if
these words be stricken out; and the remainder
is very little better. J shall propose to amend the
amendment by moving to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will give way to the Sen- !
ator's motion if he wants to destroy the evidence
of land titles in his State, and strike out the whole
section.
"Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not want
to destroy the whole bill. On the contrary, I am
willing that the Senaioi's bill shall pass in a mod-
ified form; but I do not want it to be enacted so
thattestimony given heretofore, which subsequent
developments may have proved to be unsound
and insufficient—and testimony, too, which did
not establish the titles of the cases at the times
they were adjudicated before—shall be brought
forward now, and secure the recognition of such
claims. The language of the seventh section is:
Thatwhenever any claim is presented for continuation
under the pimi^ions uftins act, winch has lieretotoie he^ii
pre-pntx'd betoie any boaid of commussioneis under author-
ity of Consres*. the facts reported as proven by the former
board shall be taken as tiue -primafacie."
This only relates to cases that have been al- !
ready considered and rejected. Consequently there
is a shadow on every case that is here provided
for, in the beginning. All facts reported as proven
by former'boards are to be taken as pi ima facie
true, and therefore they must stand as proven
unless counter evidence shall bring them down.
I think this is improper. We know that when
courts and boards of examination determine upon
one point to defeat a claim, they very often refuse
to consider other points, and they admit as true
matters that would not be established as true sat-
isfactorily if they were coerced to look to them to
establish'or destroy the validity of a claim. Such
bein^ the case, wc may find, in regard to these
land"claims, proof admitted as just and proper to
be received, which would not have been received
at all if the decision had turned upon the particu-
lar points to which the proof admitted to be tiue
related. 1 do not believe that those who have had
to contest th^se claims, those who have opposed
them heretofore and whose rights are perhaps in
conflict with thorn, ought now to be compelled to
nu'et as established prima facie proof, and to over-
turn by counter evidence allegations which were
not established by law before, and which did not
secure the'confirmation of the claims upon the fiist
trial of the case.
The second portion of the yame section goes on
to provide:
" Ant' thr evidence offered liefrwuch font-lioaid.ar.d
l-jnamthir on lecord. be odtmttc d on the examination
<<i" tin' ci.-um- mniie umlof the piou^ion.* of thi> act.-"
1 do not understand the extent of the meaning
of (his clauses. un'o it is that it shall be admitted
x.'ifhou! rXtvpu- n, ami stand as true. It the sec-
tion said it shall be cuii&idcrod lor \\ hat it is ^ ei th,
I would have no objection. Now, suppose that,
under the examination here provided, after hav-
ing considered this testimony, and given to it such
weight as the board may deem it to be justly en-
titled to, they are compelled to reject the claim in a
case such as the Senator from Missouri has stated
—a case of evident justice ? If such a case should
exist then, the parties could come before Congress
hereafter as heretofore; and this can be done with-
out embarrassing or endangering the rights of the
parties who have to contest these claims. The
truth in regard to them is, that they are held by
a very few persons indeed; and, asa general rule,
they come in conflict with the rights of great num-
bers of people. I shall vote myself for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan; and if he
does not move to strike out the whole section, I
shall make that motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will m^ve to strike out
the whole section. This section will operate prin-
cipally in favor of the Government; but in some
cases,in justclaims, infavorof the claimant. This
section clearly refers only to cases that have been
formerly rejected. The Committee on Private
Land Claims thought that, where the officers of
the Government had reported that a claim ought
to be rejected, and stated certain facts, those facts
ought to be taken as true prima facie; at the same
time, if they had reported that certain facts had
been proven on the part of the claimant, they
ought also to be taken; and that where the testi-
mony remained on record, it ought to be admis-
sible testimony, and ought not to be required to
be taken over again. But it operates both ways;
and if gentlemen arc disposed to be fastidious, I
perhaps think it is better on the who4e for the
private claimants to strike out that section.
Mr. POLK. I hope it will not be stricken out.
I am satisfied injustice will be done by striking
out that section.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us have a vote. I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. STUART. That motion being withdrawn,
I will make a single suggestion to the Senator from
Arkansas. If he will" let this clause be stricken
out, as I propose, and then say that the evidence
shall be "considered," instead of "admitted," he
will cover al! the ground made in this argument.
I think this portion should be stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I want the yeas
and nays on that question. 1 believe this section
will pass claims that ought not to be passed.
/The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Me—-l*:. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Buyht. Riod^nck,
ChciudSei. Davi-, Dimhttle, Dm kee, Pcf-sendm, FiUpatm k,
Ilou-lon. ITuntei, .Johnson of A^kan-at^ Johnson of Tenn-
essee, Malioiv, Sebastian. Simnion>, and tftuait—19.
NAYS—MesM.--. fienjajiiut, Hitler, lanieion, ('lay, Col-
Iamcr. Crittenden, Dixon, Foot, Gioori, Haie, Hammond,
Ivei^on. Jone-s, Kin?. Pugh, Scwaid, Slidell,Toombs,
Tiumbull and Wade—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. "We have now
refused to strike out the first portion of section
seven. Those Senators who will take the pains
to read that section will see that we have, estab-
. lished a new class of testimony m regard to these
1 adjudications. I wish to ask the Senator from
i Louisiana to state, for the information of the Sen-
1 ate, the exact description of board that will pre-
! side over the adjudication of the De Bastrop grant
i which lies in Louisiana and Arkansas, jointly?
; M,\ BENJAMIN. I will tell the Senator that
\ that has been finally determined by the Supreme
' Court of the United" States not to be a good grant.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Has it been
disposed of entirely?
! Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir, entirely; by the
Sunteme Court of the United States.
■ JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The descrip-
tion of the board to pass upon the claim is given
m the second section of the bill, which juovides:
" That the lem-ters and tec-eivers or" the: several land of-
: fice* in the Suit's of Honda, Loui -una. and Aikan-a*._
! witlim tiieu K-.-poonve land di^tnU:. and the leeoidei ot
land title- lor the eitv of i-H Lou;-, tor the State oi .,<i-
snun, and their ^icec^-or* m ofike. ill !■ '. and *rc
i hereby, .ippointed coiomu-n>ners lo n<>ai and decide, ' cce.
! The Senator does pot mean that nil t!i-se offi-
cers shall inert to make our court. The re,sister
and rerviver, I prcyanv ° of a lend r:" i-a v, .nen
a portion of a claim or oil of a claim may exist,
are to be a court to decide on these matters. Is
not that so ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is somewhat
mistaken. The bill states they shall hear and de-
termine all matters respecting the claims within
their districts, but they are not to decide them.
It is called a decision, but it is in the nature of a
report. It comes to the General Land Office, and
from the General Land Office to Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It never is con-
clusive until it gets before Congress?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir. There is but one
class of cases that is concluded; and that is, where
a man claims less than one square lea<rue,and has
been cultivating it twenty years. Then, if the
lower board and the Commissioner of the General
Land O.nce both confirm it, he gets his patent.
That is the only class of cases that do not come
to Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does the Sen-
ator mean to say that, where the board has re-
ported and decided in favor of a case, and that
decision has been confirmed by the General Land
Office, the parties get no title at nil until Con-
gress passes a further act to that efl'cct?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir; once a year we
are to confirm the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office or reject it, instead of
having forty or fifty bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That will be a
considerable relief, unless the step we have taken -
in making this evidence prima facie and conclu-
sive on the board is to be received also by Con-
gress as conclusive. I svithdraw the amendment
1 offered, because it is of no avail whatevei when
the fust part of the seventh section is retained.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The yeas and
nays have not been taken on that bill. It was
plain there was 110 use to do so; but I wish it to
be understood, and go 011 record, that I am op-
posed to the bill.
INTER-OCEANIC COMMUNICATION.
Mr. MALLORY. A resolution of inquiry
which I offered yesterday was laid on the table, at
the instance of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Putin. j
He has withdrawn his objection. It is to call on
the Secretary of the Navy for the report of the
Atrato expedition. It will embrace, I understand,
about six pages of letter sheet, simple writing. I
ask that the resolution be taken up now. It will
consume no time.
There being 110 objection, the following resolu-
tion, submitted yesterday by Mr. Mali.ory, was
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Navv be lequested
toi'unii-.li to the Senate the result ol" the leceni cxpUu.i-
tion umler the command ot Lieutenant T A. Tuu en. of the
t.'nited Slates Navy, a to the practicability of mtet-oeeamc
communication tiom the Gull oi Oanen to the Pacific ocean,
by the Atrato and Tiaando livers.
COMPENSATION OF MESSENGER.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Sen ato take np
the report of the Committee to Audit and Conti ol
the Contingent Expenses in relation to the com-
pensation of the first or principal messenger u\ the
oilice of the Secretary of Uie Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate p> o-
ceedud to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Fooi:
Rcsoh-vii, That the compensation of the first, or principal
nn-—-'.'ngi1) 111 the oilice oi the Sciorarv of tho satiate, hall
he the --aine as that now u-ceived by th-' mes^f-n^eia oi the
Senate, commencing v\ ith the present fiscal j eat'.
The Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate reported an amend-
ment to the resolution to strike out all alter toe
woid " resolved," and insert:
That W. II. Ilolncr be paid the same comp^n^ati-'! ;•••- is
allowed to tin3 othei me^cn^erm the office of tl,<i .•><<•," ev v*
of the Senate, to wit: £l.(!S!) per annum, to commence v
with the beginning of the present n^cnl yen.
Mr. MASON. That resolution was reported
by (he late Senator from South Carolina, Mr.
Evans, who was chairman of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent
under circumstances with whi^li 1 was perfectly
ta'nihar, as a *ort of obhic.itinn to vh>rh { niys-df,
amonj other4*, con^ideitd we were under to this
