.2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
young man, to place him, at a proper time, on a
footing with his brother messenger. The salary-
some years ago was reduced by the select com-
mittee, of which I was a member, because he
was then a youth. We were under an engagement
thatitshould be done. My venerable friend from
South Carolina, who hasv been called from us,
concurred with me that it ought to be done. This
report was, I think, abouthis last official act here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being a res-
olution to appropriate money out of the contin-
gent fund, requires the same proceedings as in
the case of a bill. It has received its second read-
ing, and is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, redid the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BIGLER. Before proceeding with the
special order, I ask the unanimous consent of the-
Senate to take up the House jointresolution (No.
26) in reference to the arrangement of the public
buildings in Philadelphia, for the purpose of com-
mitting it to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, in order that we may ascertain
precisely what is desired.
Mr. CAMERON. With the hope that when
the subject shall be referred to the Post Office
Committee some plan may be adopted which will
promote al! the interests concerned in Philadel-
phia, I shall riot object to it.
Mr. BIGLER. The committee will report at
once.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE-.
A message was received from the House of
Represpntatives by Mr. Allen, its.Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 207) to prevent the inconvenient accumu-
lation in the Post Office Department of postmas-
ters'quarterly returns. Also, that it had passed
the bill of the Senate (No. 86) for the admission
of Minnesota into the Union.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announce/I that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 1st instant, the bill for the relief of Duncan
Robertson; and, on the 4th instant, the bill to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1858; and, on the 5th instant, the following acts:
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, *1859; and
An act for the relief of Captain James MaG
Mcintosh, of the United-States Navy. m'^\
FISHING BOUNTIES. %
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 10) re-
pealing all laws or parts of laws allowing bounties
to vessels employed in the bank or other cod fish-
eries, the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Hamlin to strike out "1859,''
and insert " 1865."
Mr. HALE. 1 have not listened very atten-
tively to the speeches that have been made for and
against this measure, and therefore I am willing
to take upon trust the commendation that was
made by some gentleman who spoke yesterday,
who said they had been very able on both sides.
I have not attended to the discussion, although I
feel some interest in the subject, because I have
supposed that, so far as the action of the Sen-
ate was concerned, it was a foiegone conclusion.
Nevertheless, as I live in the vicinity of these fish-
ermen, and know something of them, and gener-
ally spend a few weeks, more or less, amongst
them in the summer time, when I can get away
from Washington in season, I want to say a very
few words in explanation of the vote which I
shall give.
I shall vote against repealing the bounty; and
when I say that, I will say that I am opposed to
all bounties, in whatever shape they put them-
May 11.
selves, and to all special protections to any kind
of industry. I want every man to have an open
field and a fair fight. I am opposed to the bounty
which the Louisiana planters get on their sugar,
in the shape of a tariff, and would be glad to get
it off; but I do not .expect to succeed in that. I
do not think, though, that it is obnoxious to the
charge of being unjust because New Hampshire
cannot raise sugar-cane. We have a legal right
to raise it, but the climate there does not exactly
agree with that sort of culture. I do not think
that this tax, or this bounty, can be justified at
all in reference to its operation upon the fisher
men. I think- there is but one consideration upon
which it can be justified; and if that is not potent
and powerful enough to save it, let it go; and that
is in its relation to training seamen.
I do not believe, sir, that a man is born a sailor,
though it is said he is sometimes born a poet. It
is very different with a sailor. It takes training.
Some men cannot make sailors if you train them
ever so much. It has always been considered, I
believe, by every nation that has- engaged in mer-
cantile pursuits, and has depended upon them for
success and prosperity, a desirable end to train
and educate seamen, and that has always been the*
policy of this Government.
Now, sir, I do not blame any man who is a
natural, honest Democrat, for hating the Navy.
I think he is bound to have an instinctive and
hereditary hatred of it, because it was the pet
child of the old Federal party, and never was tol-
erated by the Democracy until it fought itself into
favor. When it did fight itself into*favor, I think
it fought itself into a little too much favor; and
since it was taken up by the Democrats, I think
they have petted it a good deal more than the
Federalists did. But, sir, the Navy was early an
eye-sore to the Democracy. Jefferson hated it.
He would go as far out of his way to kick a ship
as Randolph would a sheep; and his theory was
to dispense with all our naval ships, and subeti-
tute gun-boats for them. But when the war of
1812 came, the Navy fought itself into favor. It
fought the British and it fought the Democracy
both. It conquered the enemies of the country
by its prowess on the waves, and by that same
means fought down the prejudices with which it
had been regarded by the Democracy. After that
it became fashionable and popular; and always
with this feeling has gone along the idea of raising
and training a body of seamen.
I claim to be a friend of the Navy, and I always
have been a friend of it. 1 have manifested my
friendship by fighting its abuses. I do not sup-
pose any friend of the Navy now, high as it is in
favor, will contend that we ought to go into the
mad scheme of combating with France, England,
or Russia, in building up an enormous navy. I
believe the fact is, that at no time in thy history
of the world have those nations been making such
great and gigantic strides in the increase of their
naval power as at the present time. The policy
of this Government has been differentfrom theirs,
and as it has been indicated by several of the Sec-
retaries, in their annual reports, I will read from
one or two of them. In the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, made on the 5th of December,
1853, he says:
" These considerations invite the United Slates to look
to means, and to set about the gradual increase of a navy.
Will it not, then, be advisable to begin, without delay, to
provide and lay up the itidteuais for the building and equip-
ping of ships of war, and to proceed in the work by degrees,
m proportion as our resources shall render it practicable,
without inconvenience, so that a future war with Europe
mrty not tind our commerce in the same unfortunate state
in which it was found by the present
In another report, made from the Navy Depart-
ment, dated the 30th of November, 1839, the Sec-
retary said:
" I conceive it will be highly advantageous to the service
by placing materials for building, repairing, and equipping
vessels geneially, at the disposal of the Department toi all
such purposes, al the precise period they aie wanted, and
before they deterioiate by tune and exposure."
In accordance-with this policy, we have been
laying up materials for building ships in our docks
and yards; and we have been careful to preserve
forests of live oak, and to take other means, not
immediately for building ships, but to provide ma-
terials necessary in time of war; and I suppose
the same polipy dictates the great manufacture of
arms, ordnance,&c., m our several arsenals, and
laying up the materials ready for a future emer-
gency. Now, sir, it will be idle to lay up mate- ;
rials for build ing ships unless you can, at the same
time, when you have occasion for these ships,
have men to man them; and this has been felt,in
the history of England, as one of the greatest ne-
cessities that that Government has ever experi-
enced—the providing of seamen. To obviate that
necessity, they have, almost from the time they
first began to have consequence as a naval Power,
trampled upon every right of the subject, and
every principle of the British constitution, by
having a set of armed press-gangs going round,
filling up their navy by force, outraging every
principle of natural right and every principle of
the British constitution. Not only that, sir, but
they carried this system to foreign nations; and,
in the madness of their power, claimed to be mis-
tress of the seas; entered the vessels of foreign
nations, and took out seamen by force. One of
the leading causes which led to our last war with#
Great Britain was their assertion of a right to take
men out of our ships on the high seas; but it was
one of the necessities which they felt in accom-
plishing their purpose to make themselves a great
naval Power.
The early founders of our institutions saw the
necessity of providing men and materials for the
Navy; they saw that a press-gang like that of
England never would be tolerated m this country,
and could not be; that it was inconsistent with the
provisions of the Constitution and the feehngs of
the popular mind, and never could be tolerated;
and, as a substitute for that, they looked to the
fisheries as a nursery and a school wheie seamen
could be educated. Such has been the policy of
the men of this country in every period of its his-
tory, with the exception'of the short time when
it was abandoned, from 1807 to 1813, and in the
latter year the necessities of the war again com-
pelled them to resort to it, and from that day to
this they have never departed from it..
It seems to me a little singular that when this
matter is so intimately connected with the naval
strength and the naval necessities and require-
ments of the country, we have not sought for
some information from the Secretary of the Navy
in relation to it instead of looking entirely to the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is said that in the
whole history of the Government we have spent
about twelve million dollars on these seamen, or
in givi'is; these bounties. Why, sir, that is not
so much as you spend upon the Navy in a soli-
tary year. In all time there has not been so much
expended in these bounties as we now expend in
a solitary year for the Navy;"&nd let it be remem-
bered that this is the only school that you have
for the education of the common people in any
branch or department, by which they may be fit-
ted to discharge their duty to the country in active
service. You have a school at West Point, to ed-
ucate Army officers and their sons; and you have
another at Annapolis, to educate naval officers, but
this is the only school you have to educato men
for sailors. The great objection to this seems to
be, 1 think, the one suggested by the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] that
while they are getting the-ir education, they are
doing something by earning a living. If they
were brought together in some school and were
kept in idleness, and were not guilty of the hard
sin of working at perilous and hazardous duty, I
apprehend it would not be so objectionable.
I am not going into that, because as I said lam
simply giving my reasons for my vote and I do
not expect to influence anybody here. The hon-
orable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] I
know, some time ago censured those gontlemoa
who prepared essays, brought them in here, and
read them off. He will do'me the justice to say
that this essay with which lam now favoring the
Senate is not written—not a word of it, and 1 am
saying it to vindicate my own vote. I do not ex-
pect to convince anybody here. I have no idea
of doing it. But, sir, knowing these men as I do,
I must say a word or two in answer to the whole-
sale chatges of fraud that are brought against
them. The charges of fraud that are brought
against these fishermen generally come from the
collectors of the ports, I understand. Well now,
sir, J will venture this assertion: you may go to
New York and travel down the coast to Pussa-
maquoddy, which is our eastern water, and take
the collectors as you find them, from New York
to Passamaquoddy bay, and get them together,
and then get the captains of these fuhing vessels,
